
brigade was considerably exposed to the shot and shell of the enemy's batteries in my front and on my right. The First Division having moved up on my right, the Fifty-first Illinois Volunteer Infantry was withdrawn and put on the right of the front line.

About 11 a. m. a general forward movements wa made, driving the enemy's skirmishers rapidly. I was ordered to conform to have movements of the brigade on my right. Upon entering the woods the double-quick was order, and the command was thrown forward rapidly, assaulting the enemy' works, carrying a strongly fortified skirmish line, but failing to carry the main line for the reason that the brigade on my right failed to come up, and not being supported on my right I was obliged to fall back. After the assault failed the brigade fell back to the line previously occupied by the enemy's skirmishers, and commenced strengthening the same works which we had just taken from the enemy. This line was occupied till 3.30 o'clock, the Sixty-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry and the Fifteenth Missouri Volunteer Infantry composing the first line, the Fifty-first Illinois Volunteer Infantry and Forty-second Illinois Volunteer Infantry and the Sixty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry composing the second line, the Seventy-ninth Illinois Volunteer Infantry being still on the skirmish line some distance to our left. A heavy demonstration was made on tis line to create a diversion in favor of a command which made an assault on the enemy's line on the Franklin pike.

At 3.30 p. m. the entire line charged the enemy's works (his left having been turned), which resulted in the complete and utter rout of the enemy. Here my brigade captured two pieces of artillery, a great number of small-arms, and a large number of prisoners; it is impossible to tell how many, as they were sent to the rear immediately in squads, and no account kept of them. The command moved forward rapidly, crossed to the left of the Franklin pike, and pursued the enemy to the vicinity of Brentwood, where the brigade went into bivouac for the night.

The casualties of my brigade were as follows: Fifteenth Missouri Volunteer Infantry - 1 enlisted man killed, 1 commissioned officer and 8 enlisted men wounded; Seventy-ninth Illinois Volunteer Infantry - 1 commissioned officer (mortally) and 4 enlisted men wounded; Forty-second Illinois Volunteer Infantry - 2 enlisted men killed and 12 wounded; Fifty-first Illinois Volunteer Infantry - 1 enlisted man killed and 1 commissioned officer and 9 enlisted men wounded; Sixty-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry - 5 enlisted men wounded and 2 missing; Sixty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry 4 enlisted men killed and 6 wounded. Total, 8 enlisted men killed, 3 commissioned officers and 44 enlisted men wounded, 2 enlisted men missing; aggregate, 57.

The officers and men of this brigade are entitled to great credit for the gallantry shown throughout the two days' operations.

Major S. L. Coulter, Sixty-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry; Captain Phepls Paine, assistant adjutant-general, and Captain J. H. Willsey, topographical engineer, of my staff, are entitled to special mention for the very efficient manner in which they discharged their duties.

The reports of the regimental commanders are herewith respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH CONRAD,

Colonel Fifteenth Missouri Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Brigade.

[Major L. B. SMAPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

