
Numbers 59. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Edgar D. Swain, Forty-second Illinois Infantry, of operations December 14, 1864 - January 2, 1865.
HDQRS. FORTY-SECOND ILLINOIS VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Mount Rosa, Ala., January 2, 1865.

SIR: In accordance with circular received this morning from division headquarter, I have the honor to report the part performed by the Forty-second Illinois Veteran Infantry since the 14th Of December, 1864.

In accordance with orders received during the p. m. of the 14th the regiment moved with the brigade on the morning of the 15th. Being in reserve it took no particular part in the movement until the charge, in which it took part with brigade, with a loss of one enlisted man wounded, During the evening of the 15th it moved with the brigade to the left with the intention of reaching the Franklin pike, but owing to darkness and running against the enemy's pickets were obliged to bivouac on the Granny White pike. At daylight it moved with the brigade toward the Franklin pike until near the Brentwood ridge, where the enemy's pickets were again encountered. At this point four companies were put upon the skirmish line, and led the charge made upon the enemy's first line of works, with a loss of two enlisted men wounded, which line of works were held until the charge in the afternoon, in which the regiment took part, with a loss of 2 killed and 10 wounded.

The officers and men in the command have without an exception behaved gallantly. Since the battle of the 16th the regiment has been with the brigade in pursuit of the enemy. Total loss; 1 commissioned officer wounded, 2 enlisted men killed and 12 wounded.

I have the honor, sir, to be your humble and obedient servant,

E. D. SWAIN,

Lieutenant Colonel Forty-second Illinois Veteran Infantry, Commanding Regiment

Major J. B. SAMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division, 4th Army Corps.

Numbers 60. Report of Captain Merrit B. Atwater, Fifty-first Illinois Infantry, of operations November 29-30, 1864.
HDQRS. FIFTY-FIRST ILLINOIS VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Nashville, Tenn., December 5, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following condensed report of the operations of my command during the engagements of November 29 at Spring Hill, and on the 30th instant [ultimo] at Franklin, Tenn.:

On the morning of the 29th of November my command moved into column and marched to Spring Hill, Tenn. Arriving at 2 p. m. with our brigade, were put in position, and hastily threw upon slight works. Had just completed them when the enemy came upon us in charge, striking the right of the brigade. The right wing was ordered to support the Fifteenth Missouri on our right, and warmly engaged, with the exception of the right company of left wing. The left wing was not engaged. The left wing held their ground until the right gave way

