
and they were receiving a flank fire in their rear, when they were ordered to fall back, which they did in good order, rallying twice. The right was commanded by Captain A. M. Tilton, the left by Captain Atwater. Falling back under a galling fire from the enemy one mile and a half to rear and left, again formed near the main body; when formed, were again moved in position and threw up works. Our loss in this action was 12 enlisted men wounded and 5 missing. On the morning of 30th of Movember moved into column at 5 a. m. and marched to Franklin, Tenn., arriving at 11 a. m. Moved into position, our right resting on the nashville turnpike, and threw up hasty works. The enemy appeared at about 5 p. m., moving upon us in two lines deep. In this position we fought until the brigade on our right gave way, when, under a heavy cross and front fire from the enemy, I ordered my command to fall back to the second line. The enemy then were within two rods of our front, and also on our flank. The retreat was over a clear open field 600 yards to the inner line. Our casualties show the difficulty of the position. in this action we lost 1 lieutenant and 5 enlisted men killed; 1 captain, 2 lieutenants, and 46 enlisted men wounded; 1 lieutenant and 89 men missing. Many of the missing undoubtedly are either kill;ed or wounded. The regiment was commanded Captain A. M. Tilton until the evening of the 30th, when we was wounded, and the command developed upon me.

i am proud to say the conduct of the men was gallant in the extreme, with but very few exceptions, and worthy of veterans. Where all did their duty so well, it would be invidious to specify individual instances of bravery.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

MERITT B. ATWATER,

Captain, Commanding Fifty-first Illinois Volunteer Infantry.

[Colonel JOSEPH CONRAD.]

Numbers 61. Report of Captain Albert M. Tilton, Fifty Infantry, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTY-FIRST ILLINOIS,In the Field, January 3, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following condensed report of the operations of my commanding the battles of nashville on the 15th and 16th of December, 1864:

On the 15th My regiment occupied the works composing the brigade front in skirmish line, and was not engaged. Joined the brigade on the morning of the 16th and moved out in line on the right of the Forty-second Illinois. Afterward moved to the right to guard the flank, but soon after rejoined the brigade and formed on the right of the Sixty-fourth Ohio.

In the charge of the morning the casualties were 1 enlisted man killed and 1 officer and 9 men wounded. No casualties in the charge on the second line.

Very respectfully,

A. M. TILTON,

Captain, Commanding Fifty-first Illinois.

Captain PAINE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, 2nd Division, Fourth Corps.

