
ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTY-FIRST ILLINOIS,In the Field, January 5, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following as the number of trophies taken by my command since November 30, 1864:

One battle-flag, taken by Sergt. M. Lewis, Company E, at the battle of Franklin, and claimed and taken away by an officer of the Twenty-third Corps.

One pistol and belt, taken from an officer of the C. S. Army as he came over our works by Lieutenant Charles Hills, Company K, which he has how in his possession. He was wounded afterward and is now at home in Chicago.

Several prisoners were captured and delivered to the corps provost-marshal, for which the several men capturing have the receipts. These men are now absent and I cannot at present give their names.

Quite a number of swords, &amp;c., were captured at the battles of Nashville, but were thrown away in the hurried marching that occurred afterward.

I regret that the want of sufficient data prevents me from making a more complete report.

I am, captain, very truly,

A. M. TILTON,

Captain, Fifty-first Illinois, Commanding.

Captain PAINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 62. Reports of Colonel Allen Buckner, Seventy-ninth Illinois Infantry, of operations November 29-30 and December 15-16, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTY-NINTH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS,Near Nashville, Tenn., December 5, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with a circular received I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Seventy-ninth and veteran detachment of the Twenty-seventh Illinois Volunteers in the Spring Hill and Franklin battles of the 29th and 30th ultimo:

On the 29th ultimo, immediately after arriving at Spring Hill, near 3 p. m., this regiment and detachment took position on the extreme left of the brigade, say half a mile southeast of town. A work was soon made of rails and logs, and the men ready to meet an attack. In a short time the skirmishers were driven in, and the rebels began to move in a right oblique direction to our front. In a few moments heavy firing began to the right of the brigade, and continued until that part of the line was compelled to give way. No attack had as yet been made on my front. When I saw I should be completely outflanked and the regiment captured, I gave the order to fall back, and rallied at the first fence, where we fired a few shots. Seeing that this was not the best place, I retired to the next fence, where we formed in pretty good order, and fired, say five minutes. Again we fell back in order to the crest of a hill, about faced, and fought for a time, when I brought

