
my regiment off the field in good order. I immediately received an order from division headquarters, and formed to the left of a large building, in which was corps headquarters, where we built a temporary line of works. So ended the work of the 29th, with a loss of 8 wounded and 2 missing. On the 30th ultimo we moved, in connection with the brigade, to the left of the Fifty-first Illinois, whose right rested upon the Columbia pike from one-quarter to half a mile in front of the inner of works. During the morning my men had provided themselves with a large number of spaded shovels from one of the wagons, which had been cut down by the way, and after our position was taken a line of works were constructed in a short time. It was not long until the skirmishers were engaged in our front (Captain W. B. Young, of the Twenty-seventy detachment, in charge of our skirmishers), and as they fell back we saw huge masses of rebels to our right, and front of our brigade, which seemed to be one mile long and three and four lines deep. Our orders were to have sergeants fix bayonets and hold the men to it; thus we staid, and I held my fire until their solid lines were within 150 yards of the front, when we opened, and kept up the fire until the enemy was within ten yards of our works.

Though we moved them down in a terrible manner they seemed to say but little attention and kept rushing on; by this time we had fired from eight to ten rounds. I saw there was no use to stay longer and ordered the men back, but numbers staid and were either captured or killed. We fell back to the works to the left of pike, and I was enabled to rally, and afterward fought in connection with troops of the Twenty-third Corps, and others of our brigade and corps (for here we were mixed from the cotton gin on to the pike), until some time in the night. The troops being thick, and we not needed longer, I told General Railly tat I would get my regiment back, and try to get off our wounded. I a short orders came, and we got the brigade together, and came out of the town about midnight. Thus ended the part this regiment and Twenty-seventh detachment took in this fight.

These were all old soldiers. Officers and men did nobly, but all will pardon me when I say that captain Young, commanding the detachment, behaved in the most gallant manner possible during the battle.

My loss was 3 officers killed or wounded, and 23 enlisted men wounded, and 48 missing. My total loss in both battles was - killed, none; wounded, 31; missing, 53. I went into the engagement with a total of 212 men for duty. I might claim many prisoners, for I assisted to capture scores, but I will not, for ten times more have already been claimed than captured.

Respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servant,

ALLEN BUCKNER,

Colonel, Commanding Seventy-ninth Illinois Volunteers.

Lieutenant B. SMITH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.- Lieutenant P. P. Boyer, of Company H, In front of the cotton gin, captured three battle-flags with his own hands.

ALLEN BUCKNER,

Colonel, Commanding Seventy-ninth Illinois and Detachment.

