HDQRS. SEVENTY-NINTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, Ala., January 2, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Seventy-ninth Illinois Volunteers and detachment of the Twenty-seventh Illinois Veteran Volunteers in the battle near Nashville, Tenn., on the 15th and 16th ultimo:

On the 15th we were ordered, in connection with the brigade, out on the field, but remained in reserve. At night I was ordered on picket. On the morning of the 16th my regiment was ordered forward, in connection with the other two regiments of the Second Division, on picket to the Franklin pike. We met with some resistance, and the capture of twenty-five prisoners was the result. On arriving at this point, say half a mile from where I started, I received an order from General Elliott, and made a right wheel, moved forward, and drove the rebels out of their skirmish pits, when I was ordered to halt. Remained here one hour; then charged their skirmish line one-quarter of a mile, until I developed their works on the left of the pike. I formed my whole skirmish line, with the exception of a little of the right, in front of the Third Division. After skirmishing until 2 p. m. I sent to general Elliott to know if I might join our own brigade an division. His answer was to "fall back, when relieved, and become a reserve for the troops in front." This order I gave to my regiment and the other two in my charge. In a few minutes we were relieved, mostly by colored troops, when we moved back. I immediately sent to general Elliott to,let him know where I was and ask to do. His order was for each regiment to report to their respective commands. This was done as soon as possible, but we were unable to get up until the final charge was over, and in this I claim no part. We immediately joined the brigade and have been with it in the chase after Hood.

The casualties of the command during the two days' battle were 1 commissioned officer mortally wounded and 4 enlisted men wounded. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALLEN BUCKNER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain PHELPS PAINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 63. Reports of Captain George Ernest, Fifteenth Missouri Infantry, of operations November 30 and December 15-19, 1864.
HDQRS. FIFTEENTH REGIMENT MISSOURI INFANTRY,December 8, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the part taken by my regiment in the last engagement on the 30th of November, 1864, at Franklin, Tenn.

The Fifteenth Regiment Missouri Veteran Volunteer Infantry, under my command, left Spring Hill in the night of the 29th of November, 1864, with the Third Brigade. The regiment marched all night until 11 a. m. the next day, when I received orders to support the skirmish line on the left of our line near three miles from Franklin, Tenn. At 2 p. m. I received orders to fall back and join the brigade and take

