
possession [position] in the first line of battle, the left resting on the turnpike of Franklin and Columbia, to support two pieces of artillery, the right connecting with the Fortieth Indiana Veteran Volunteers. About 4 p. m. the enemy attacked us en masse, and we were compelled to fall back to the second line. During the retreat I lost some of my bravest officers and men, and I cannot praise highly enough the conduct and bravery of officers and men. After the regiment fell back it was rallied in the rear of the main line and did good and brave fighting. The regiment took a good many prisoners, which were sent to the rear.

I very respectfully mention the conduct of Captain William Hark, of Company H, who, being deadly wounded, encouraged the men by calling, "Boys, I die, but give them of your bullets and they will not go farther and our country is saved." He died on the battle-field as a hero and patriot. the bravery shown on this occasion by officers and privates cannot be enough praised.

My loss is 5 killed, 19 wounded, and 49 missing.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, colonel, your very obedient servant,

GEORGE ERNEST,

Captain, Commanding Fifteenth Regiment Missouri Infantry.

Colonel JOSEPH CONRAD,

Commanding Third Brigade, Second Division, Fourth Army Corps.
HDQRS. FIFTEENTH Regiment MISSOURI INFTY. VET. VOLS.,January 2, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that part taken by the Fifteenth Regiment Missouri Infantry, under my command, during the last campaign.

During the night of the 14th of December I received orders to hold the regiment in readiness to march at 4 a. m. the next day. On the 15th of December I received orders to take position with the regiment on the left of the first line of battle of the Third Brigade. The regiment advanced all day in line and was not very much exposed to the fire of the enemy. I lost not a man killed nor wounded. During the night we camped in an open field, drawing [throwing] up light earth-works for defense. The next morning, on the 16th of December, we advanced in line of battle, forming the left wing of the first line of battle of the brigade three-quarters of a mile, where we made a charge on the works of the enemy. Repulsed, the regiment fell [back] in good order and took position behind small earth-works, the left of the regiment connecting with the Second Brigade. In the afternoon another charge on the enemy's works was ordered, and the regiment advanced in good order, with the brigade, and stormed the works and repulsed the rebels, with a great loss of arms and ammunition. We made some prisoners and sent them to the rear. The loss of the regiment in this affair was 1 enlisted man killed, and 1 commissioned officer, Captain John Pestell, and 8 men wounded. The regiment camped during the night three miles from the battle-field, on the Franklin pike. The regiment marched on the 17th with the brigade to Franklin. I found there ten wounded men of the regiment in the hospital. On the 18th we camped near Spring Hill; on the 19th near Columbia. There I lost a man killed while on skirmish line. I had no other loss since that time.

