
I give all credit to commissioned officers and men for their bravery and good conduct during the campaign.

The health of the men at present is very fine and they are all in good spirits.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your very obedient servant,

GEORGE ERNEST,

Captain, Commanding Fifteenth Regiment Missouri Infantry Veteran Vols.

[Colonel JOSEPH CONRAD,

Commanding Brigade.]
HDQRS. FIFTEENTH REGIMENT MISSOURI INFANTRY,January 2, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the Fifteenth Regiment Missouri Infantry captured no flags or swords of Franklin or Nashville, Tenn.

Very respectfully, your very obedient servant,

GEORGE ERNEST,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

[Colonel JOSEPH CONRAD,

Commanding Brigade.]

Numbers 64. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Robert C. Brown, Sixty-fourth Ohio Infantry of operations November 29-30 and December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. SIXTY-FOURTH OHIO REGIMENT VOL. INFTY.,Near Nashville, Tenn., December 6, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with your circular, received this morning, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the late battles at Spring Hill and Franklin, Tenn., on the 29th and 30th of November, 1864:

Reaching Spring Hill early in the afternoon of the 29th instant, the approach of an enemy was soon discovered, when the brigade was immediately put in position, my regiment thrown forward as skirmishers, with orders to advance and se what strength threatened the place. The right wing deployed under the direct charge of Major Coulter, while the left was held in reserve. The whole line advanced, driving the enemy's skirmishers for a distance without much difficulty. A body of cavalry being discovered on our right, and lest they might dash down a road which lay at this time in rear of our line, I sent Lieutenant Smith his company (E), which till that time was held in reserve, to a prominence on the right and near the road, with orders to hold that position while the line was advanced beyond the road. The line had reached the dwelling known as the residence of Doctor Peters, where it had halted but a moment, when the enemy was discovered to be moving cavalry both to our right and left. Having at this time four companies in reserve, I immediately threw two of them to the support of the right and the remaining two to the left. The entire regiment was no sooner on the line than the enemy commenced advancing with a heavy line of infantry, and pushing their cavalry still beyond our flanks. We easily checked them in front, but the rapid movement of the cavalry on our flanks assured us that to save our command it must fall back

