
arrived at Columbia 11 a. m. on the 24th; distance, eighteen miles. here we took our position in line of battle on the right of the brigade and immediately commenced throwing up a good line of works. Company D, of the Sixty-fifth, was soon ordered on picket, where they remained until neat day. The regiment encamped near the works. The regiment encamped near the works. On the 25th most of the regiment was ordered on picket, where they remained until the afternoon of the 26th. Our pickets kept up brisk firing with the enemy's nearly the whole time they were on the line, but no serious casualties happened. On the night of the 26th our regiment, with the rest of the brigade, changed camp, took position back near the river. The Sixty-fifth occupied the second line. Remained here until the night of the 28th, when, with the rest of the brigade, we fell back across the river and went into camp until next morning, when, with the rest of the brigade, we changed positions and occupied the front line of the brigade on the left of the Seventy-ninth Illinois, on the north bank of Duck River, where we built very formidable works. Camped near our works for the night.

On the morning of the 29th we took up the march as advance guard with the brigade and division for Spring Hill; distance twelve miles. We marched rapidly; arrived there about 2 o'clock p. m. The enemy had already got there in advance of us. Skirmishers were immediately thrown out and the enemy driven back. Our brigade was immediately formed in one of battle, the Sixty-fifth Regiment occupying the extreme right of the line. I had the regiment thrown up a strong rail barricade, which was of great consequence. Soon after getting into position, the enemy greatly outnumbering our skirmishers compelled them to fall back, which they did in good order. Soon a very heavy column of the enemy's infantry was discovered coming down rapidly on my right, and after a very severe fight with him, my officers and men doing their duty most nobly, we were compelled to fall back, as the enemy had such great odds against us that their left swung far beyond and around my right, forcing me to give back, which could not be helped. The Sixty-fifth, with the rest of the brigade, formed a second line, and with the assistance of the artillery compelled the enemy's left to fall back, and we were able to keep our position and hold the enemy in check until the rest of the army came up to our assistance. The regiment lost in this action as follows: Three commissioned officers wounded, and 4 enlisted men killed, 25 wounded, and 15 missing.

Just when the enemy were pressing the regiment the hardest I was severely hit by a musket-ball and was taken off the field. Captain Andrew Howenstine then took command of the regiment and had only had it a few minutes until he was severely, if not mortally, wounded, and left in the hands of the rebels. Major Coulter, of the Sixty-fourth regiment Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry, then took command of the Sixty-fifth. Early on the morning of the 30th the army was drawn off and made a rapid march to franklin, where the Sixty-fifth with the rest of our brigade, arrived about 11 a. m., the enemy closely pressing them the whole way. Immediately on arriving at Franklin our brigade was thrown out in advance of the rest of the army, the Sixty-fifth on the left of the brigade. Very soon the enemy moved on in heavy columns and very rapidly, determined to crush all before them. Our brigade was out something over a quarter of a mile in advance of the works, and only the bravely, energy, and determination of both officers and men saved the brigade from capture or destruction, but after severe fighting with the enemy the Sixty-fifth, with the rest of the brigade, fell back to the works, where they rallied and fought the with the

