
bravery of American soldiers. The enemy's loss was heavy. The loss of the Sixty-fifth in this engagement foots up as follows: One enlisted killed, 16 enlisted men wounded, and 17 enlisted men missing.

The Sixty-fifth remained with the brigade at the works until near 1 o'clock at night, when they were drawn off and took up the march to Nashville, where they arrived the next day about 10 p. m., where we went into camp, and were we are up to date.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ORLOW SMITH,

Major Sixty-fifth Ohio Veteran Volunteers Infantry, Commanding.

Colonel JOSEPH CONRAD, Commanding Third brigade.

P. S.- The Sixty-fifth captured 1 rebel stand of colors and about 20 prisoners at Franklin.

ORLOW SMITH,

Major.
HDQRS. SIXTY-FIFTH REGIMENT OHIO VOL. INFANTRY,Decatur, Ala., January 6, 1865.

SIR: I would respectfully submit the following report of the operations and losses of the Sixty-fifth Regiment Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry during the battles before Nashville, Tenn., December 15 and 16, 1864:

Early on the morning of the 15th, pursuant to orders, the regiment broke camp and moved out in front of the works, taking its assigned place in the second line of the brigade to which it belongs. During this day the regiment was not engaged with the enemy, but changed its position several times, advancing and moving to the left, comforting its movements to those of the brigade, and bivouacked at night on the Granny White pike. Shortly after daylight on the morning of the 16th the brigade again advanced, moving toward the Franklin pike, the Sixty-fifth occupying the same position in the lines as on the previous day. Near the Franklin pike, about 11 a. m., the enemy's pickets were driven, and the brigade charged up to with a short distance of the main line of rebel works, under a heavy fire of musketry and artillery, and engaged the enemy briskly. The entire loss sustained by the Sixty-fifth was during this portion of the engagements. In about twenty minutes the brigade was ordered to retire, and it fell back to the rebel skirmish pits, where the Sixty-fifth assisted in he construction of a line of earth-works. Remaining there until about 3.30 p. m. the entire line charged the rebel works (the enemy's left having been turned), and the rebel fell back in utter confusion and rout. A large number of prisoners were captured, but it is impossible to ascertain the number taken by any one regiment in such a charge, in which all the regiments participated equally. The flying enemy was pursued until dark, when the brigade went into camp, the Sixty-fifth resting of the Franklin pike, about seven miles from Nashville.

The following is the number of casualties in the regiment, all December 16: Enlisted men - killed, sergeants, 1 corporals, 2; privates, 1; total, 4. Enlisted men - wounded, sergeants, 1; privates, 5; total, 6. Aggregate, 10.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ORLOW SMITH,

Major Sixty-fifth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry, Commanding.

[Colonel JOSEPH CONRAD, Commanding Brigade.]

