HDQRS. SIXTY-FIFTH REGIMENT OHIO VET. VOL. INFTY.,January 3, 1865.

The following is a list of trophies captured from the enemy by the Sixty-fifth Regiment Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry during the present campaign:

Name and company.	 Trophy.	 Place and date of

 	 capture.

First Lieutenant 	 One C. S. sword,	 Franklin, Tenn.,

Ezekiel Moores,	 belt, and	 November 30, 1864.

commanding Company A.	 scabbard.

First Sergt. V. H.	 One C. S. sword	 Nashville, Tenn.,

Gregory, Company E..	 and scabbard.	 December 16, 1864.

Private Jacob Allion,	 One C. S. sword	 Franklin, Tenn.,

Company D..	 and scabbard.	 November 30, 1864.

First Sergt. A. C.	 One C. S. sword..	 Do.

Copeland, Company H.

First Sergt. A. C.	 One battle-flag..	 Do.

Copeland, Company H.

Corpl. Joseph Boley,	 One sword and	 Do.

Company I..	 belt..

Private Joseph	 Two battle-	 Do.

Walters, Company I..	 flags..

First Sergt. John	 One C. S. sword,	 Do.

Kanel, Company K..	 belt, and

 scabbard.

Private Alexander	 One C. S. sword,	 Nashville, Tenn.,

Heggatt, Company K.	 belt, and	 December 16, 1864.

 scabbard.

The above swords, belts, and scabbards have been lost or abandoned during the recent pursuit of the enemy on account of lack of transportation or means of carrying them along. The two battle-flags captured by Private Joseph Walters, Company I, were both claimes and taken possession of by officers of the Twenty-third Corps the same evening. The one captured by Sergt A. C. Copeland, as also the sword taken by him, were sent to his home in Guernsey County, Ohio.

ORLOW SMITH,

Major Sixty-fifth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry, Commanding.

Numbers 66. Report of Brigadier General Samule Beatty, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of operations December 15, 1864-January 5, 1865.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Huntsville, Ala., January 7, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to forward the following report of the action of this division in the battles of the 15th and 16th of December, 1864, before Nashville, and the subsequent pursuit of the rebel army under the rebel General J. B. Hood:

On the evening of December 14 I received orders to have my command in readiness to move at 6 o'clock on the following morning. I accordingly made all necessary preparations, and on the morning of the 15th I moved out and made disposition of my troops in accordance with the following orders from the commanding general of the corps:

IV. As soon as General Kimball's division has passed out of the works by the Hillsborough pike, General Beatty, commanding Third Division, will take up the movement, drawing out by his left, and will form in echelon to General Kimball's left. He will maintain this position and advance with General Kimball. He will also leave a strong line of skirmishers behind the solid along his present position.

I disposed of my command in the following order: The Second Brigade (Colonel Post) on the right, the First Brigade (Colonel Streight) on the left, the Third Brigade (Colonel Knefler) in reserve. We lay in this position, waiting movements on the right of the army, until near 2

