
p. m., when I was informed by the general commanding the corps that he advised me to get possession of the hill immediately in my front, which was held by the enemy as an advanced position and enabled him to see much of our movements and strength. The position was a commanding one, easily defended, and the enemy had strongly entrenched themselves. I directed Colonel Post, commanding Second Brigade, to at once assault the position and carry it, if possible. I at the same time directed Colonel Streight, commanding First Brigade, to support Colonel Post, moving on his left and a little in echelon to him. When the disposition wa completed and the order given to take the hill the Second Brigade moved forward with great rapidity, and, ascending the steep declivity, swept over the entrenchments of the enemy, and carried the position. The First Brigade (colonel Streighth), which was intended as a supporting column, fired with the spirit of the charge, rushed forward, and the charge almost became a race to the summit of the hill. The enemy fled in confusion to the main line of works on a series of ridges behind this hill. I at once strengthened the position and remained in it until about 4.30 p. m., when I moved, in confusion with General Kimball's division, against the main line of the enemy's works. As his division broke the line of the enemy on my right my command followed up the assault, and swept down and over the line of entrenchments, routing the enemy, who fled in utter confusion to the hills and woods in the direction of the Franklin turnpike, leaving a large number of prisoners, four pieces of artillery, and five caissons in our hands as fruits of the victory. I immediately formed my command behind this line of works, refusing the regiment on the left (the Fifteenth Ohio) to protect my flank, as my reserve brigade had been left in position near my former line to prevent any column of the enemy pushing up to get in my rear. the four pieces of artillery mentioned were captured near the white house, on the left of my line, by the Fifteenth Ohio, from which position, protected by the buildings, it had caused me serious annoyance in my former position and as we advanced to the second assault. The battery was stoutly defended, and was only secured by the determination and valor of the assailants. Great credit is due to the officers and men of the command for the prompt and energetic manner in which they accomplished the work assigned them; in fact, I had greater difficulty to hold them in check from advancing too far than in having any order for advance executed. As soon as my lines were reformed and my reserve brigade brought up, I advanced in the direction of the Franklin pike, conforming to the movements on my right until came on and the darkness rendered farther advance inadvisable, when, by direction of the corps commander, I halted my command in position near the Granny White pike, entrenched my front, and went into bivouac for the night.

During the night I received orders from the corps commander to advance at daylight the next morning, the 16th, conforming to the movements on my right. I moved my command forward at the time indicated to the Franklin pike, where, in conformity to orders, I wheeled to the right and marched southward, moving my command on the left of the turnpike, my right flank resting on the turnpike, my right flank resting on the turnpike. This movement to the right brought the right of my line in connection with the left of the Second Division (Brigadier-General Elliott), severing its connection with the left of the First Division. In this formation I moved southward toward Franklin about one mile and a half, when we encountered the skirmishers of the enemy posted on a partially wooded ridge. My skirmishers advanced rapidly against them, and after a

19 R R - VOL XLV, PT I

