
which they executed my orders and sought opportunities for dealing blows to the enemy rather than waiting them to be pointed out to them.

Lieutenant Colonel R. L. Kimberly, Forty-first Ohio, took command of any Second brigade on the evening of the 16th, after Colonel Post was disabled, and I cannot refrain from making especial mention of him here. In the management of the brigade he displayed the qualities of an experienced and capable soldier, and I would recommend him to our common superiors for promotion.

Of the officers and men of their command who deported themselves so bravely and entered so heartily into the actions and fierce assaults and bore up so manfully in the subsequent pursuit, I cannot in too high praise. The nation can safely trust its honor and safety to the courage and endurance of such men. The officers of my staff performed their duty well, both on the battle-field and the subsequent arduous campaign, and it is due to them to record their names in my official report, and than them individually for their valuable assistance and co-operate. Captain M. P. Bestow, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant H. C. Reid, Nineteenth Ohio, aide-de-camp, also performed the duties of provost-marshal; Major J. G. Dunbar, Seventy-ninth Indiana, inspector; Surg. R. D. Lynde, U. S. medical director; Captain J. A. Beemen, Eighty-ninth Illinois, ordnance officer, also assisted me on the field; Lieutenant A. G. Bierce, Ninth Indiana, topographical engineer, rendered me efficient service; Captain H. W. Johnson, Forty-first Ohio Volunteers, acting assistant quartermaster, and Captain Ion Nall, Seventeenth Kentucky Volunteers, acting commissary of subsistence, and Captain Carnahan, Eighty-sixth Indiana Volunteers, acting commissary of subsistence, rendered efficient service in their respective departments. Lieutenant L. H. Glick, chief of ambulances for the division, and Surg. Benjamin M. Failor, Nineteenth Ohio, in charge of hospital, are deserving of thanks for the promptness with which the wounded were removed from the field and attention given them.

I have the honor to forward herewith the reports of my brigade commanders, accompanied by the reports of regimental commanders; also a report of assaults and recapitulation of captures.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL BEATTY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

Report of casualties of this division in the battles before Nashville, Tenn., on the 15th and 16th days of December, 1864.

Officers. Men.

Command.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.	 Killed.	 Wounded.

First brigade,	 3	 13	 ...	 32	 180

Colonel A. D.

Streight..

Second	 7	 27	 ...	 29	 236

Brigade,

Colonel P.

Sidney Post..

Third Brigade,	 ...	 ...	 ...	 1	 7

Colonel Fred.

Knefler..

Total..	 10	 40	 ...	 62	 423

Total.

Command.	 Missing.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.	 Aggre-

 	 	 	 	 gate.

First brigade,	 16	 35	 193 	 16	 244

Colonel A. D.

Streight..

Second	 13	 36	 263	 13	 312

Brigade,

Colonel P.

Sidney Post..

Third Brigade,	 ...	 1	 7	 ...	 8

Colonel Fred.

Knefler..

Total..	 29	 72	 463	 29	 564

