
about 300 yards, capturing many prisoners and small-arms. My position being the extreme left of our attacking column it was necessary to look well to my flank, consequently I ordered the Fifteenth Ohio to take a position to the left and rear of our lines. I was soon ordered into position near the Montgomery house, my left refused to the rear, where we constructed some temporary works to protect the command, and about 3 p. m. I received orders to advance upon the second line of the enemy's works. The brigade was promptly put in motion, conforming to movements of troops on my right, and amid a mist galling fie from both our left flank and front carried the works in double-quick time, capturing a large number of prisoners and small-arms. Here again the Eighth Kansas was successful in reaching the works in advance of any other portion of my brigade, though all pressed forward as fast as possible, and I can only attribute the slight advantage gained to superior fleetness of the men.

In the meantime I had ordered the Fifteenth Ohio Volunteers to proceed in the direction of a frame house on the Granny White pike, some 400 yards to our left, for the purpose of protecting our left flank. The enemy at the time as shelling our flank from that direction. The Fifteenth Ohio Volunteers moved with such rapidity and vigor that the enemy, after a short contest, fled, leaving four brass 12-pounder field pieces with limbers complete, a quantity of artillery ammunition and a small-arms, and several prisoners in the hands of the Fifteenth as a read for their bravery. The guns were promptly turned upon the enemy, who, on perceiving the strength of the force before whom he had fled, rallied and reformed, evidently for the purpose of retaking the captured artillery. On learning the condition of things I ordered the Fifty-first Indiana to the support of the Fifteenth Ohio, and immediately made application to General Beatty in person for permission to take my entire brigade to the support of that position; permission was granted, but before the brigade could be placed in position the enemy had withdrawn. I then received orders to form east of the Granny White pike, and bivouacked for the night. Next morning (the 16th), in accordance with orders from division headquarters, we advanced about two miles without encountering the enemy, conforming to the movements of troops on our right, until we approached the Overton Hi, when my brigade was ordered into reserve in rear of the Second Brigade. We remained in this position until about 3 p. m., when I was ordered to support the Second brigade in a charge of the enemy's works on Overton Hill, and in accordance with instructions forme my brigade in three lines of battle. The Fifteenth and Fifty-ninth Ohio Volunteers, Colonel Frank Askew commanding, composed the first line. the Eighth Kansas and Eighty-ninth Illinois Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel William D. Williams commanding, the second line; and the Fifty-first Indiana, the third line, Captain W. W. Scarce commanding.

The brigade advanced in this order. Each line commander was ordered to keep within 150 yards of the preceding line, and every effort was made to ream the above formation, but as the several preceding lines approach the enemy's works each seemed to waste away, until all became intermingled in one mass, the more brave and daring of both brigades and of the several regiments proceeding clear up to the works.

It soon became evident that under the circumstances it was impossible to carry the works, as large numbers of men from both brigades commenced running to the large. Fearing a counter-charge from the enemy, I at once proceeded to organize a force for the purpose of covering

