
the retreat of the command; but before I had time to accomplish my object the entire command retired behind our works, and I hastily reformed the brigade, where we remained for about one hour, when the enemy, being flanked on our right, gave way in our front, and I was again ordered to advance. Conforming to the movements of troops on my right, we proceeded to within about two miles of Brentwood; had some skirmishing, capturing numbers of prisoners and small-arms. Here we bivouacked for the night and resumed the pursuit in connection with the Fourth Army Corps, the next morning, but encountered no enemy until the morning of the 22nd. Having received orders the evening before from General Wood to lay a pontoon bridge across Duck River, I made preparations, and at daybreak commenced crossing the Fifty-first Indiana Volunteers, under Captain Scarce, in pontoon boats, about one mile and a half above the old bridge, and at the same time ordered the Fifteenth Ohio Volunteers to deploy on the right bank of the river to cover as far as possible the crossing; a sharp skirmish ensued between the Fifty-first and about 500 of Ferrest's men, which resulted in killing, wounding, and capturing about 50 of the enemy, including 2 commissioned officers, and driving the balance away, with a loss on our side of 12 men killed and wounded. The bridge was laid, and the troops commenced crossing the evening of the 22nd. Since then my brigade has occupied its allotted positions in the pursuit of the enemy, but has encountered nothing worthy of note except muddy roads,, which were everywhere abundant.

The brigade went into the action on the morning of the 15th with about 1,400 muskets and 80 officers, including the officers and provost guard at brigade headquarters, and lost during the several engagements 3 officers killed and 13 wounded, and 36 enlisted men killed, 201 wounded, and 1 missing, making a total loss in the brigade of officers and men killed, 39; wounded, 214; of missing, 1.

The officers killed were Captain Thomas N. Hanson and Lieutenant Charles J. Roding, both of the Fifteenth Ohio, and Lieutenant Peter G. Tait, of the Eighty-ninth Illinois. Among the officers wounded were Major L. M. Strong, Forty-ninth Ohio, severely; Major B. H. Kidder, of the Eighty-ninth Illinois, severely; Colonel Frank Askew, Fifteenth Ohio, slightly; Captain M. T. Anderson, Fifty-first Indiana, severely. I am happy to state that from information lately obtained there is a far prospect that all the wounded officers of this brigade will recover.

Total captures by the brigade 364 enlisted men, 4 commissioned officers, 4 pieces of artillery and limbers complete, 1 sword, and a large number of small-arms.

I am most happy to be able to report that both officers and men of this brigade acted at all times as becomes brave and gallant men defending the national honor, and while we pause to drop a silent tear in memory of the fallen heroes who but yesterday were our comrades, full of hope, life, and vigor, and to speak words of sympathy and encouragement to our wounded, let us resolve to emulate their heroic examples defense of national life.

It is useless for me to attempt to speak of individual acts of bravely, for to do so would be to make distinctions where all did nobly.

To the officers of my staff I owe much for their efficient assistance rendered me, as well as for their brave and daring examples. Lieutenant G. S. Crawford, of the Forty-ninth Ohio Volunteers, acting commissary of subsistence, volunteered to act as my aide and was foremost in every charge, as was also Lieutenant Wallace McGrath, acting assistant adjutant-general, who was wounded; Captain John M. Farquhar, acting assistant

