
About 5 p. m. the Eighty-ninth was moved to the left about half a mile, and after considerable marching and countermarching in the dark bivouacked in an open field. Next morning at sunrise, in company with the brigade, moved down the Franklin pike about five mile, and remained in position until 2 p. m., when we were ordered to support the Second Brigade (Colonel Post) in a charge on the enemy's works; the troops behaved gallantry, but on account of the murderous fire and stubborn resistance of the enemy, were compelled to withdraw, which was done in good order and without confusion. About 4 p. m., the enemy being driven from their works in our immediate front by an assaulting column gaining their works on our right, thus exposing them to a flank fire and danger of capture, we moved down the pike some three miles and bivouacked for the night. The next day, the 17th, we being the rear division of the corps, did not get started until about 9 a. m., passed through Brentwood, and encamped at Franklin for the night, after a very fatiguing day's march. From thence we proceeded in company with the brigade, marching alternately in front and rear, passing through Spring Hill, Columbia, and Pulaski, arriving at Lexington, Ala., on the eve of the 27th, where we halted for two days, and learning that the enemy had crossed the Tennessee River, and was beyond pursuit, we were ordered to Huntsville, Ala., wher we arrived in company with the brigade on the afternoon of the 5th day of January.

Our losses during the campaign are as follows: Commissioned officers killed, 1; wounded, 2; total, 3; enlisted men killed, 3; wounded, 14; total, 17; making an aggregate of 20 all told.

Great praise and credit is due the officers and enlisted men of the Eighty-ninth Regiment Illinois Infantry for their heroic conduct in the battles before Nashville, and their patient forbearance during all the hardships incident to such a glorious though tedious campaign; and the beginning of the new year finds the Eighty-ninth, though depleted in numbers, yet ready at any and all times to battle for their country's flag and the Union.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WILLIAMS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, commanding Eighty-ninth Illinois Infantry.

Lieutenant W. McGRATH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div., 4th Army Corps.

Numbers 69. Report of Captain William W. Scarce, fifty-first Indiana Infantry, of operations December 15, 1864 - January 5, 1865.
HDQRS. FIFTY-FIRST INDIANA VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,Camp Green, Ala., January 7, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Fifty-first Indiana in the late battles before Nashville and pursuit of the enemy.

The regiment received orders to be prepared for an advance by daylight on the morning of the 15th ultimo. At 11 a. m. we moved over own works and formed in front of them, in easy rifle range of the enemy's works. At 12 m. we received orders to charge and take the hill in our immediate front, which was done without difficulty. The regiment immediately, on the occupation of the rebel works, was moved to the left a short distance, and until

