
4 p. m. was occupied in throwing up a new line of works. At this time I received orders to form my regiment in front of the works a short distance to the right. Half an hour later the regiment was ordered to occupy the second line of works, then some 300 yards in our front. This second charge was made in splendid style, under a heavy fire both of artillery and infantry. The regiment now moved to the left about a mile, where it took up its position for the night. At daylight on the seccesing morning, in accordance with orders, we moved forward in the second line about two miles, when the advance of the troops on our right being disputed, we moved to the right as a support. The regiment was formed in the line of the brigade, which at the time was a reserve for the Second Brigade. Shortly after 2 p. m. the order was given to advance on the enemy's works. My regiment received orders to move up as a support. The front lines failed to take the works, and my regiment, supposing they were to charge the works, pressed on over the lines in front of them, regardless of orders, until the reached the front line, some thirty feet from the works. The contest here wa indeed desperate. The left of my regiment was exposed to a most galling fire of grape and canister from a battery in its front. We remained in this position about ten minutes, when the troops on my flanks giving way, I was compelled to fall back.

In this brief engagement the regiment lost 3 commissioned officers and over 80 men.

The regiment accompanied the army in its pursuit of Hood through Tennessee. At Columbia, the enemy disputing our advance over Duck River, my regiment crossed in pontoon boats and drove the enemy from the town, capturing quite a number of prisoners.

During the campaign the regiment has taken 182 prisoners. The entire loss is 15 killed, 101 wounded, and 1 missing.

I have the honor, lieutenant, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. SCARCE,

Captain, Commanding Fifty-first Indiana Infantry.

Lieutenant W. McGRATH, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 70. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John Conover, Eighth Kansas Infantry, of operations December 15, 1864 - January 5, 1865.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHT KANSAS,January 7, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part my regiment took in the recent campaign against the enemy under General hood.

On the morning of December 15, 1864, we lay under arms in line of works, front of Nashville and east of Hillsborough pike, until about 9 a. m., when I moved out and formed in line of battle front of works, conforming to movement of the line of the right. Remained in this position until 10 a. m., when, according to orders, I ordered Captain Balderston with thirty men for skirmish line to cover front of regiment. We then advanced with the entire line to charge the rebel works, and reformed in the captured works carried by the skirmish line. Lay in this position until 3 p. m., when, by conforming to movements on our right, gradually approached to within 400 yards of rebel second line, being on right of our brigade; lay in this position about thirty minutes until the forces, some distance on our right (beyond hill on Hillsborough

