
pike), started the rebels from their works; at this instant the left of Second Brigade made a feint to charge; we, taking it as rear, charged down the slope through a lively fire to a ravine midway between our positing and the rebel works. Being the only regiment in this advanced position we lay down and took cover for about five minutes, and them charged for their works, about 150 yards distant, which we entered and captured about ninety prisoners who had thrown down their arms and remained in the works. We pressed on over the works in pursuit of the retreating enemy to a ravine about 400 yards beyond their works, from which place we kept up a fire on them as they ascended the opposite slope. Major Dawson, of corps staff, then order the regiment to fall back to our position in line. There were no troops on our right or left that entered the works as soon, excepting those on the hill to our right. We lost in this charge 1 killed and 10 wounded. December 16, my regiment was in second line of brigade; moved in line about 8 a. m., two miles down the Franklin pike, confronting the enemy on Overton's Hill; lay in this position about 3 p. m., when Second Brigade charged the hill, and our brigade, the First, acted as support. My regiment moved on with the brigade to within forty yards of rebel line of works, under a heavy fire of musketry; here the troops of both brigades were mingled together. We remained in this position from twelve to fifteen minutes, when I received orders to withdraw my regiment, which I did, and reformed in front of our works. In this charge I had 7 killed and 22 wounded. e again advanced in pursuit of enemy, who had been flanked from their works, and pursued until after dark, bivouacking near Brentwood Hills; since which time we have performed no particular part in the campaign, but have been with the brigade up to the present time.

Both the men and officers behaved with undaunted bravery.*

Total number of guns in the fight, 141.

I am, sir, very respectfully, yours,

JNO. CONOVER,

Lieutenant-Colonel Eighth Kansas, Commanding.

Lieutenant WALLACE McGRATH, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 71. Report of Colonel Frank Ashew, Fifteenth Ohio Infantry, of operations December 15, 1864 - January 5, 1865.
HDQRS. FIFTEENTH Regiment OHIO VET. VOL. INFANTRY,Camp Green, near Hunstville, Ala., January 7, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with an order just received I beg leave to submit the following as a brief report of the part taken by this command in the battles before Nashville on the 15th and 16th ultimo:

On the 15th we were in the second line of the brigade in double column closed in mass in rear of the right wing of the Fifty-first Indiana, and moved in that position and with that formation in the charge in the forenoon which resulted in the capture of the first line of the enemy's works. When we reached the works, by direction of general Beatty, we were deployed into line and moved to the extreme left of the brigade, and refused to protect that flank, with Company K, Captain Carroll; Company B, Lieutenant Smith, and Company G, Lieutenant Doolittle,

---------------

* Nominal list of casualties (here omitted) shows 8 men killed, and 2 officers and 30 men wounded.

---------------

