
deployed as skirmishers. In the afternoon when the charge was made on the second line of the enemy's works, the remaining seven companies were moved forward to McCrary's house, on the Granny White pike, directly behind which were the enemy's works with a battery of four guns in them. The house and outhouses, together with the nature of the ground, concealed our strength and movement from the enemy occupying the works and supporting of the battery, and when the foremost men emerged from the cover of the houses the enemy's infantry gave us one volley, which was promptly returned. A rush was made for their works and guns, when they fled, leaving their battery of four fine 12-pounder Napoleons with limbers and a considerable amount of ammunition in our hands. At the same time Captain Carroll, with the three companies which had been deployed as skirmishers, moved down the first line of the enemy's works, which to our left was still occupied by his skirmishers, driving them and capturing about thirty. Our loss in this day's operations was but nine enlisted men wounded.

On the 16th we were on the right of the first line of the brigade, with Companies E and K deployed as skirmishers. In the subsequent movements and changes of direction in finding the enemy these two companies were considerably to the left of the position occupied by the brigade, and covered partly the front of Major-General Steedman's command, and were in effect detached from their own command during the day. In the charge made in the afternoon, I was instructed by the colonel commanding to take command of the first line of the brigade, composed of the Forty-ninth Ohio, Major Strong, on the left, and my own regiment on the right, and move it within supporting distance of the second line of Colonel Post's brigade. When Colonel Post's brigade started we moved forward and kept within a short distance of his second line, and in good order, but when we reached the depression directly in front of the enemy's works it was evident that Colonel Post's attack had failed, and the fire of the enemy was so severe that the line was thrown into confusion, without, however, any evidence of panic or fear on the part of any one. While exerting myself to the best of my ability to restore order and urge the men forward I was struck in the breast with a musket-ball, which, though inflicting but a slight wound, from the nature of it, being a contusion, soon rendered any violent physical effort on my part impossible, so I went back, and with the assistance of the adjutant, Lieutenant Cope, collected together Battery. In this charge we lost Captain Thomas N. Hanson, Company A, and Lieutenant Charles J. Rodig, of Company D, two valuable officers, killed, also Sergt. J. Ward, of Company G, killed, and 14 enlisted men wounded. As soon as the regiment was reformed I sent for Lieutenant-Colonel McClenahan, who was absent in command of the skirmishers of the brigade, to come and relieve me of command; as he had not yet returned when the second advance was ordered, I went with the regiment until we had passed the enemy's works, when Colonel McClenahan arrived and took command. When the second advance was made a number of our men who had remained near the enemy's works, and had not returned after the first charge, took a number of prisoners, for whom they have receipts, to the amount of 100 enlisted men and 2 commissioned officers. I remained with the regiment until after dark on the night of the 16th, when the increasing pain of my wound compelled me to go to the rear to seek relief. I went to Nashville and staid two days, during which time the regiment was under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel McClenahan. I am informed nothing

