
of special interest transpired during that time. I rejoined the command before it crossed Rutheford's Creek, and again took command of the regiment.

Nothing which I think it necessary to mention happened during our toilsome and laborious pursuit of the enemy.

In conclusion, allow me to say that the officers and men of this command without an exception, so far as I know, did their whole duty.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK ASKEW,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant W. McGRATH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 72. Report of Captain Joseph R. Bartlett, Forty-ninth Ohio Infantry, of operations December 15, 1864-January 5, 1865.

HDQRS. FORTY-NINTH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEERS, Camp Green, January 7, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to instructions received, I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this regiment from the 14th of December last until its arrival at this camp:

On the morning of December 15, 1864, the regiment, then under the command of Major L. M. Strong, broke camp and took position behind the entrenchments at Nashville assigned thereto, and remained until 11 a.m., at which time it was drawn off to the right for brigade formation, and was placed on the left of the second line. At 12 m. moved across the entrenchments and formed in double column, not changing position in the brigade. At 12.30 p.m., under orders received, the regiment charged and carried that portion of the enemy's first line of works in its immediate front. Upon reaching the enemy's works the regiment deployed to the left to cover the flank. Companies B and G were thrown forward to intercept the enemy's skirmishers falling back on our left, and captured thirty-five prisoners. Companies A and F were then deployed as skirmishers to cover regimental front, and immediately moved forward, pursuing the enemy, who was rapidly falling back, till reaching the enemy's second line of works, which they occupied, engaging the enemy farther to the left, who still occupied a portion of the line. In this movement they captured prisoners. The Fifteenth Regiment Ohio Volunteers was then moved to the left of the Forty-ninth, and Companies A, F, B, and G then rejoined the regiment, which in the meantime had moved a short distance by the right flank, connecting with the Fifty-first Regiment Indiana Volunteers. Here hastily constructed breast-works were erected, and the Eighth Regiment Kansas Volunteers formed on the left of the Forty-ninth Ohio. By orders received from Colonel Straight, Companies D, I, C, and H were deployed as skirmishers to cover the front of the brigade, and at 2.30 p.m. were relieved by Companies E, K, G, and B. At 3.30 p.m. the regiment, in connection with the other regiments of the brigade, charged and carried the enemy's third line, meeting with but feeble resistance; the enemy at the time moving under the effect of a charging column on our right. The brigade was then reformed, the Forty-ninth Ohio occupying the left of the second line, Companies E, K, G, and B rejoining the regiment. At 4.30 p.m. the regiment was moved by the left flank

