
along the enemy's works to the Granny White pike, joined on the right by the Fifteenth Ohio and on the left by the Eighty-ninth Illinois, in which position it remained until dark, at which time it was moved to the left and rear along the said pike and then to the front, some distance across the pike, where it went into bivouac for the night, having previously covered its front with skirmishers. In the operations of this day the casualties of the regiment amounted to 2 commissioned officers and 3 enlisted men wounded.

December 16, at sunrise, the regiment moved across and to the left of the Franklin pike. Companies E and K were deployed as skirmishers to cover our left flank, on which duty they remained until the close of this day's operations. The regiment, in connection with the brigade, moved forward on the left of the Franklin pike to within three miles of Brentwood, the skirmishers driving those of the enemy before them. At this point the enemy was encountered in force and found strongly entrenched on what is known as the Overton Hill. At 11.30 a.m. the First Brigade was formed in rear of the Second Brigade, the Forty-ninth occupying a position in the front line, between the Eighth Kansas on the right and the Fifteenth Ohio on the left. At 12 m., in accordance with orders previously received, the Second Brigade moved upon the enemy's works, supported by the First Brigade. The resistance was such upon the part of the enemy as to cause the lines of the Second Brigade to become broken and disorganized upon reaching a point within a short distance of the enemy's works, many officers and men having been killed and wounded and many having sought shelter from the heavy fire poured upon them by the enemy from behind his works. At this time the regiment, in conjunction with the First Brigade, was pushed forward to within about fifteen yards of the enemy's works; some of the men of the regiment succeeded in gaining them under a very heavy fire. It was soon found impossible to push any considerable portion of the line further forward, and suffering severely from the enemy's fire at this close range, the regiment, having lost its commanding officer, Major L. M. Strong, who fell severely wounded while gallantly leading his men, besides many other officers and men killed and wounded, and the enemy stubbornly defending their works against any prospect of their being carried by us, retired with the remainder of the brigade to its original position occupied previous to moving upon the enemy's works and reformed under cover of the Third Brigade. In this charge the regiment lost 3 commissioned officers wounded and 10 enlisted men killed and 36 wounded out of about 150 engaged. Upon reforming, Captain Hartsough, the senior officer present, assumed command of the regiment, and shortly after the enemy, having been routed on our right, fell back rapidly from their works in our front, and we advanced, pursuing them until dark, when the regiment went into bivouac for the night.

December 17 I assumed command of the regiment, having previous to this time been serving as inspector of the Third Division, Fourth Corps. Since I assumed command the regiment has not been engaged in any action.

The total number of prisoners captured is 45. For a more complete statement of the casualties reference is here made to the accompanying report thereof.

Respectfully submitted.

J. R. BARTLETT,

Captain, Commanding.

Lieutenant McGRATH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

