
No. 74. Report of Major James M. Stookey, Fifty-ninth Illinois Infantry, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. FIFTY-NINTH Regiment ILLINOIS VET. VOL. INFTY., Near Huntsville, Ala., January 9, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with orders received from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Fifty-ninth Regiment, Illinois Veteran Volunteer Infantry, in the two days' fight before Nashville, Tenn., on the 15th and 16th of December, 1864:

I broke up camp at 4 a.m. on the 15th, and by daybreak was marching with Second Brigade, Third Division, Fourth Army Corps, to Hillsborough pike; there remained in reserve till near 10 a.m., then charged the skirmish line near the burnt house, Fifty-ninth in front line, capturing some prisoners. Sergt. William McElhaney planted first colors on the enemy's skirmish pits, but the men, being so eager for the fray, could not be halted until they had reached a stone fence some seventy-five yards farther on. There we remained under fire of a battery until near 3 p.m., when we were ordered to change the enemy's main line of works. The regiment was in front line, and we moved forward in line of battle with the left of the regiment entirely unprotected, under fire from our front and our left as far as the enemy's musketry were able to reach us; but we still moved steadily on to within 100 yards of the works, when

we charged on double-quick, bursting through their brush abatis, carrying their works and capturing a good portion of the force in our front. The officers and men were too eager in the pursuit of the retreating foe to search for trophies among what they supposed were secure. After this marched to the Granny White pike and bivouacked for the night. On the 16th marched by daybreak, crossed the Franklin pike, then moved forward in line. Found the enemy on Overton Knob, near Franklin pike, in a well-entrenched position Colonel Post's brigade was to assault the works. In the formation the Fifty-ninth was on the right of rear line, with instructions to move forward and if the front line failed in taking the works to charge them. This I obeyed to the letter, but failed also. In the charge the men went as near the works as any other organization, as the position of my dead and wounded showed after the battle men were killed within twenty feet of the abatis. The support never came up to us, but fired over our position. I received orders finally from some officer, saying, "Fall back; we are falling back." I then marched the regiment off the field, it being the last organization which left it, and formed behind our battery, where the brigade was then forming. This ended the part taken by the regiment in the fight.

My officers and men all did nobly; all were eager and determined to be first crossing the enemy's works. My acting adjutant, Lieutenant D. F. Korhammer, rendered me promptly every assistance in his power.

I hereto append a list of casualties.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JAMES M. STOOKEY,

Major, Commanding.

Lieutenant B. A. HAMILTON,

Actq. Asst. Adjt. General,2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 4th Army Corps.

---------------

*Nominal list [omitted] shows 1 officer and 9 men killed, and 5 officers and 76 men wounded.

---------------

