
The list of casualties, though not large, includes some of the officers and men most marked in the regiment for faithful service and good conduct on the battle-field. Of these is Captain Hansard, wounded on the 15th, who has since suffered amputation of the leg; Captain McMahon and Lieutenants Delker, Miller, and Patterson, wounded.

After the assault, until December 26, during which time I had the honor to command the brigade, the regiment was commanded by Captain Dunham, to whom I am under obligations for his faithful discharge of all duties.

I have to submit the following list of casualties:*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. L. KIMBERLY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Forty-first Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant B. A. HAMILTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORTY-FIRST OHIO VETERAN INFANTRY, Near Huntsville, Ala., January 7, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following statement of the capture of the two battle-flags herewith transmitted, by men of my regiment:

In the assault of Overton Knob, near Nashville, on the 16th of December, 1864, the Forty-first Regiment Ohio Veteran Infantry was deployed as skirmishers to cover the advance of Colonel Post's [Second] brigade of the Third Division, Fourth Army Corps. The skirmishers pushed forward to and in advance of the abatis before the enemy's works, and when the brigade was repulsed some of them were so near the works as to be unable to retreat. Sergts. J. J. Mattocks, J. Jackson, Corpls. A. Flint and G. F. Haynes, and Privates D. I. Holcomb, and S. D. Ralph, Company A, Forty-first Ohio Veteran Infantry, were thus situated, and remained until they saw the enemy leaving their works, when they rushed forward and crossed the rebel parapet, securing a number of prisoners and a battle-flag. While lying near the works these men checked an attempt on the part of the enemy to throw forward a skirmish line to occupy the ground where our wounded were lying. Sergts. A. D. Hosmer, E. Morse, and Private Strickland, of Company B, and Sergt. William Garrett, of Company G, Forty-first Ohio Veteran Infantry, were also on the skirmish line and remained similar to those above mentioned, but were some distance to the left, directly in front of six pieces of artillery, when the enemy was seen to leave his works. They immediately advanced to them, taking possession of four pieces of artillery and capturing a battle-flag. Sergt. William Garrett, of Company G, obtained possession of the flag near the deserted guns. These men were the first Federals in the rebel works.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,R. L. KIMBERLY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Forty-first Ohio Veteran Infantry.

Lieutenant B. A. HAMILTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Nominal list [omitted] shows 1 man killed, 5 officers, and 23 men wounded, and 3 men missing.

---------------

