
No. 77. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Daniel Bowman, Ninety-third Ohio Infantry, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. NINETY-THIRD OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Huntsville, Ala., January 9, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor of submitting the following report of the operations of the Ninety-third Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the battle before Nashville on the 15th and 16th of December, 1864:

On the morning of the 15th of December, 1864, I received an order from the colonel commanding the brigade to relieve the picket guard in front of the brigade, requiring a detail of two commissioned officers and sixty enlisted men, and to deploy the remaining portion of the regiment in the line of rifle-pits when vacated by the brigade. This order I complied with, remaining in that position until 4 p.m., when I received an order to withdraw the pickets and rejoin the brigade, which at that time was halting on the Granny White about one mile in front of the position we had occupied. After rejoining the brigade we moved with the brigade and crossed the Franklin pike. After crossing the pike the brigade moved down the pike, halting at a point known as the second line of the enemy's defenses. Here I was ordered to take a position on the right of the front line, the right resting on the turnpike. The brigade advanced, halting at a slight eminence on the pike about 600 yards from the line of the enemy. At this point the regiment was moved to the right and in the rear of the battery, the left of the brigade now resting on the pike. While lying in this position I received an order to furnish two commissioned officers and fifty-six enlisted men to be placed on the skirmish line. This detail was not relieved, and did not participate in the assault. I remained in this position on the right of the turnpike until in the afternoon, when I was directed to unsling knapsacks, place them on piles, and detail a small knapsack guard. The regiment now recrossed the turnpike, the right resting on the pike. This was the position of the regiment in the line during the assault, in which our loss is as follows: Commissioned officers-killed, 1; wounded, 3. Enlisted men-killed, 2; wounded, 22. Total, killed, 3; wounded, 25. Total loss, 28.

Very respectfully,DANIEL BOWMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Ninety-third Ohio.

Lieutenant HAMILTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 78. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James Pickands, One hundred and twenty-fourth Ohio Infantry, of operations December 15-16, 1864.

HEADQUARTERS 124TH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, In Camp, near Huntsville, Ala., January 8, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I would respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and twenty-fourth Regiment Ohio Foot Volunteers in the recent engagement of December 15 and 16:

Late in the evening of the 14th I received orders to have my regiment in readiness to move at daylight on the following morning. The "general" was sounded at 4 a.m. on the morning of the 15th, and by day-

