
light everything was ready to move out, the baggage packed, and the wagons on the pike. The men were furnished with sixty rounds of ammunition and three days' rations. At about 8 a.m. our line was formed, and we moved by the flank to the right and front of the Acklen place, where we remained inactive for about two hours. We were then moved forward over the works built and previously occupied by the Third Brigade, and went into position, my regiment on the left of second line, with the Fifty-ninth Illinois Volunteers on my right. The regiment was soon ordered forward to the first line, and my regiment moved to the right, so as to cover the center, it being the only regiment on that line. We were then ordered to charge the hill at the brick house, and take the first line of the enemy's works. I followed the movements of the first line at a distance of about fifty yards to their rear. The works were taken by the skirmish line, and the first line advanced to the stone wall, 100 yards to the front. My regiment was ordered into position near the brick house to support a section of Battery M, Fourth U. S. Artillery. We remained here for about two hours, when the first line was moved forward to the crest of a hill in their front, when I was ordered to the stone wall, and placed on the right of the second line with the Forty-first Ohio Volunteer Infantry on my left. We had hardly reached the position when the brigade was ordered to charge the second line of the enemy's works. The second line moved promptly forward, but the works were taken before we reached them. We were then ordered forward to the first line with the Companies B and H thrown forward as skirmishers. We remained here but a short time, when we were moved by the flank to the left across the Granny White pike, where we built works and bivouacked for the night. At reveille on the morning of the 16th the troops were formed and stood to arms, and at the break of day were moved by the flank to and along the Franklin pike until we reached the third line of the enemy's works, that had been abandoned by them in the night. Here we went into line on the left of the pike, my regiment in the center, with the Ninety-third Ohio on its right. We remained but a short time, and were moved forward in line to the crest of the hill in front of Overton Hill, where we were ordered to construct a slight work of rails. We were then moved by the flank so as to throw the Ninety-third to the right of the pike, and the right of my regiment resting upon the pike. We found the enemy strongly posted on Overton Hill in strong works with infantry and artillery. The Sixth Ohio Battery was then brought up and placed in my front and opened a heavy fire upon the enemy.

We remained in this position until about 3 p.m., when we were ordered to charge the hill. We moved forward, my regiment on the left of the first line, the Ninety-third on my right, with the Forty-first Ohio as skirmishers. We had hardly crossed our works when the enemy opened upon us with artillery. We moved steadily forward until within about 200 yards of the enemy's works, when the charge was sounded. I never saw men go forward in better style or with more spirit until within a few yards of the abatis in front of the enemy's works, when they met with such a withering fire of artillery and small arms as to check the line and cause the men to take such shelter as they could find. At this time the enemy were re-enforced by one or two lines, and their fire became so heavy that, although re-enforced by our second line it was impossible to go forward; but the men remained firm and returned the enemy's fire until it became unbearable, when the brigade broke and fell back to its former position, where it reformed promptly, my regiment occupying the same ground as before the charge.

