
My loss in officers was very severe. The regiment went into the charge with 9 officers, out of which 6 were killed or wounded [2 killed and 4 wounded].

We now heard heavy firing on the right, and soon after saw the enemy leaving their works on the hill. The First Brigade was ordered forward, and our brigade followed them, my regiment still occupying the left of the first line. We moved forward in line very rapidly for about two miles, when it became quite dark, and we were ordered into bivouac for the night at Overton Hill.

Corpl. Frank Carr,* Company D, recaptured a U. S. guidon from the enemy, which I have already forwarded to corps headquarters.

I respectfully submit a list of casualties.+

I am, lieutenant, your most obedient servant,

JAMES PICKANDS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding 124th Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant HAMILTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 79. Report of Colonel Frederick Knefler, Seventy-ninth Indiana Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations December 15, 1864-January 5, 1865.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Near Huntsville, Ala., January 7, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the battle before Nashville, and the subsequent pursuit of the enemy until its arrival in camp near this place:

On the 15th day of December, 1864, the brigade was ordered to form in reserve of the two other brigades of the division and to conform to their movements. This position was maintained during the day. Several casualties occurred. Lieutenant George M. Hull, the acting picket officer of the brigade, was severely wounded while advancing the line of skirmishers. On the 16th day of December, 1864, the position of the previous day was ordered to be maintained, which was kept up until after the division reached the Franklin pike. In the afternoon of that day the brigade was moved forward to occupy the position of the First and Second Brigades, who were then forming for the assault of the enemy's entrenchments on Overton Hill. Orders were received, in case the assault should not succeed, to hold the line should the enemy advance. Light breast-works were erected at this point. The assault being unsuccessful, the brigades engaged in it reformed in rear of the line. Shortly afterward great confusion became apparent among the enemy. I ordered the line to advance rapidly and to carry the works. This was accomplished without loss. Four guns, many prisoners, great quantities of ammunition, and large numbers of small-arms were captured. The line was ordered to advance in pursuit of the retreating enemy, preceded by a strong skirmish line. The enemy was here compelled to abandon five pieces of artillery, which were captured. The pursuit was continued till dark, when orders were received to return and to join the division. After passing through Franklin, Columbia,
---------------

*Awarded a Medal of Honor.

+Nominal list [omitted] shows 2 officers and 1 man killed, and 4 officers and 17 men wounded.

---------------

