
Pulaski, Tenn., and Lexington, Ala., in pursuit of the enemy the brigade arrived in Huntsville, Ala., on the 5th instant and is now in camp.

A list of casualties is hereto attached.* Number of guns captured, 9; prisoners, 158.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. KNEFLER,

Colonel 79th Regiment Ind. Vols. Commanding 3rd Brigadier, 3rd Div.,4th A. C.

Captain M. P. BESTOW,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Fourth Army Corps.

No. 80. Report of Lieutenant Colonel George W. Parker, Seventy-ninth Indiana Infantry, of operations December 15, 1864-January 5, 1865.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-NINTH INDIANA VOLUNTEER INFTY., Near Huntsville, Ala., January 7, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by my regiment in the late battles of December 15 and 16, 1864, and the subsequent pursuit of the enemy.

On the morning of December 15 my command was in readiness to move at 5.30 a.m. By order of Colonel Knefler, commanding brigade, I took position on the left of the Nineteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, connecting my left with the right of the Eighty-sixth Indiana Volunteers. In the movement upon the outer line of the enemy at 12 m., although in support of the line charged with carrying the position, my command evinced the highest degree of coolness and soldierly bearing. At 3 p.m. my command erected a temporary protection against musketry and amidst a most harassing fire from the enemy's sharpshooters. At dark I took position on the Granny White pike and bivouacked for the night. On the morning of the 16th moved early to the Franklin pike and in the same relative position as was occupied the previous day. I furnished a strong skirmish line, which deployed to the left of the Franklin pike, and at once became engaged in a brisk skirmish with the enemy's pickets. At 3 p.m. I again supported the line assaulting the enemy's works, and in obedience to order of the colonel commanding brigade, assisted in the erection of breast-works as a defense and precaution against a counter-charge of the enemy. Immediately thereafter I was ordered by the brigade commander to advance, and did so at a rapid pace, crossing the enemy's works to the left of and near the Franklin pike, continuing the pursuit for a distance of three miles, capturing, in conjunction with the other regiments of the brigade, nine pieces of artillery. Being in close pursuit of the enemy and every man being needed upon the front line, no account was taken of or guard placed over the captured artillery. My regiment joined in the general pursuit of the enemy to this place, near which it is now encamped. No casualties in my command.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,GEORGE W. PARKER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding 79th Indiana Volunteer Infantry.

Captain W. V. BURNS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 3rd Div.,4th Army Corps.

---------------

*Shows 1 man killed and 7 men wounded.

---------------

