
No. 81. Report of Colonel George F. Dick, Eighty-sixth Indiana Infantry, of operations December 15, 1864-January 5, 1865.

HEADQUARTERS EIGHTY-SIXTH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS, Near Huntsville, Ala., January 8, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following as a report of the action of my regiment since the 15th day of December, 1864:

On the evening of the 14th orders were received by me to be ready to move from our bivouac, near Nashville, Tenn., on the following morning at 6 o'clock. At the appointed hour my regiment was in readiness, and about 8 o'clock the brigade commenced movements, I conforming with it. Moved a short distance to the right of the place of bivouac, when the brigade was placed as a support to the First and Second Brigades, who succeeded in driving the enemy from a hill which he occupied just in our immediate front. This having been accomplished, the brigade was deployed in line of battle on the hill, my regiment occupying the extreme left and somewhat refused. Here we were ordered to throw up works, which was done under a heavy and well-directed fire from the enemy's skirmishers. While here the regiment lost one killed and seven wounded. We occupied this position until night-fall, when an advance was ordered. As the enemy had been driven every-where along the lines, the order was easily complied with; the only obstacle being the muddiness of the fields and the darkness of the night. After advancing perhaps a mile and a half we were ordered to bivouac for the night. On the morning of the 16th my regiment was up betimes. At 8 o'clock the advance was ordered. Moved in column of division, and met with no resistance until after going perhaps three miles, when an occasional shot indicated that the enemy was still in our front. The attack had been made on the right, and the battle was raging furiously; we, in the meantime, awaiting orders. At length the First and Second Brigades were ordered to advance upon the enemy, and, if possible, dislodge him from his position. My regiment, as well as that of the brigade, was placed in support. While the two named brigades were engaging the enemy we were ordered to throw up a barricade, and before fully complied with they had met a repulse. Soon after, however, the enemy's lines were broken on the right, which caused a precipitate retreat of his forces, which soon became general. My regiment, together with the brigade, were ordered to advance upon the routed and fleeing enemy, which order was carried into effect with a hearty good will by the men of my command. At the point where my regiment gained the enemy's works he had left in good condition four pieces of artillery, over which I placed a guard. Here also the regiment captured 55 enlisted men and 3 commissioned officers.

The ground over which the enemy fled was strewn with small arms and accouterments. The pursuit was continued about three miles, when night again came upon us and we bivouacked pursuant to orders. On the morning of the 17th we again moved in pursuit, and notwithstanding the rain, which came in torrents all day, rendering it unpleasant overhead and disagreeable under foot, my regiment marched with the command, and that evening encamped on the banks of the Harpeth River, near Franklin. On the 18th we marched with the brigade and division and encamped near Spring Hill. On the 19th an incessant rain fell, and we moved near Mudge's Creek and awaited the construction of a bridge upon which to cross. On the 20th we crossed Mudge's

