
Creek and encamped near Duck River, where we remained until the evening of the 22nd, when we crossed Duck River and encamped two miles south of Columbia. Here we remained until the afternoon of the 23rd, when we marched about six miles and encamped. On the 24th we marched to near Lynnville, and on the 25th reached Pulaski, Tenn. Encamped four miles below, where, on the 26th, we lay awaiting supplies. The march was resumed on the 27th and continued until the evening of the 28th, when the command reached a little town called Lexington, Ala. Here we lay until the morning of the 1st of January, 1865, when the command marched in the direction of athens, Ala. Upon reaching Elk River, ten miles from Athens, we had to await the construction of a bridge, which being completed the march was resumed and continued until the 5th, when the command reached Huntsville and our present encampment.

My thanks are due the enlisted men for the spirit and zeal manifested in the performance of the arduous duties devolving upon them.

To the officers their endurance on the fatiguing march, and the cheerfulness with which they performed every duty.

The aggregate of casualties foot up as follows: One enlisted man killed and 7 wounded.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE F. DICK,

Colonel, Commanding Eighty-sixth Indiana Volunteers.

Captain W. V. BURNS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 82. Report of Major Joseph T. Snider, Thirteenth Ohio Infantry, of operations December 15, 1864-January 5, 1865.

HDQRS. BATTALION THIRTEENTH OHIO VET. VOL. INFTY., Near Huntsville, Ala., January 8, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by my command in the movements and operations against the enemy, commencing in front of Nashville, Tenn., on the morning of the 15th day of December, 1864:

In compliance with orders received the night previous, reveille was had at an early hour, breakfast over, tents struck, wagons packed and sent to the rear, and everything got in readiness to move at 6.30 a.m. In accordance with instructions from the brigade commander, my battalion was to remain and occupy the line of works vacated by the balance of the brigade, together with our own part of the line, until further orders. Our position was the same during the entire day and that night. Friday morning, December 16, before daybreak, in compliance with orders received the night previous, I reported with my command to Colonel Knefler, commanding brigade, with the balance of the brigade, on the Granny White pike about one mile in advance of our old line of works. At about 7.30 a.m. the advance again commenced, our division moving the left of the Franklin pike; judging from the manner in which the division was formed, our brigade was in reserve, my battalion in rear of the brigade. Our formation was unchanged until between 3

