
and 4 p.m., when our brigade occupied the front. Skirmishers sent out from my battalion. At about 4 p.m. the rebel line in our front was observed to be giving way, when an advance was ordered. The rebel works in our front were occupied with little or no resistance. Four pieces of artillery stood smoking behind the embrasures, having been abandoned by the enemy. The pursuit was vigorously continued until total darkness compelled a halt, when "to camp" was ordered. Saturday morning, December 17, marched at an early hour, pushing rapidly forward under a drenching rain until near Franklin, where we camped to wait the construction of a bridge across Harpeth River. The advance and pursuit was continued from day to day as vigorously as the roads and very inclement weather would admit, until the evening of December 28, when we reached Lexington, Ala. On the morning of the 31st we resumed march, taking an eastern course, crossed Elk River on the 3rd, and reached Huntsville, Ala., on the morning of the 5th day of January 1865. No casualties occurred in my command. The health and condition of the men was universally good, considering the cold, wet, and disagreeable weather exposed to. Men were placed upon three-fifths rations from the 26th day of December, 1864, until the 4th day of January, 1865, but fully suplied the deficiency by foraging rather extensively through the country on the line of march.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. T. SNIDER,

Major, Commanding Battalion Thirteenth Ohio Vet. Vol. Infty.

Captain W. V. BURNS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 83. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Henry G. Stratton, Nineteenth Ohio Infantry, of operations November 23, 1864-January 5, 1865.

HDQRS. NINETEENTH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEER INFTY., Near Huntsville, Ala., January 8, 1865.

I have the honor to report the movements, &amp;c., of my command during the campaign just closed.

On the 23rd day of November, 1864, we broke camp at Pulaski, Tenn., and moved rapidly to Columbia, Tenn., where we arrived on the 24th, and, going into position on the left of the line, threw up breast-works. In the evening of the 27th we moved to the north side of Duck River, again went into position on the morning of the 28th on the left, and threw up breast-works. In the evening of the 29th we took up line of march, passing a portion of the rebel forces during the darkness near Spring Hill, at which place we halted for an hour or two, throwing up temporary breast-works. By daylight the command was again on the march and arrived at Franklin, Tenn., the same day, crossing over Harpeth River, and that evening took up position on the left of the fort on the north bank of the river, throwing up temporary breast works. That night, in conjunction with the Seventy-ninth Indiana Volunteers, the command occupied the fort mentioned in order to cover the crossing of the troops from the south side of the river and prevent the enemy from obtaining possession of the bridges before they were destroyed. Lieutenant Fusselman and twenty men of this command were detailed to fire the railroad and trestle bridge. The troops having crossed, this

