
was effected before daylight the next morning, when the command, being the last to move, marched out to join the brigade on the road to Nashville. The light from the burning bridges having exposed us to the enemy, they opened on us with artillery from the south side of the river, but doing us no damage.

On the 1st day of December, 1864, we arrived at Nashville and took up position on the right of the Granny White pike, where we threw up entrenchments and remained until the morning of the 15th, having lost one man wounded on the skirmish line December 7, 1864. Early on the morning of the 15th we moved slightly to the right, and with the brigade were placed as reserve to the other brigades of the division; and in that position sustained the First and Second Brigades of the division in the charge and capture of the strong line of works of the enemy on Montgomery Hill. The command then changed front to the left and threw up a line of breast-works, running northwardly from Montgomery Hill and nearly at a right angle to the works captured from the enemy, in order to protect the left flank, as we then composed the left of our attacking lines, and threw out skirmishers. In the final charge of the day upon the second line of the enemy's works beyond Montgomery Hill a portion of our skirmishers participated in the attack and assisted in the capture of a battery of artillery to the right of the Granny White pike, turning the fire of the same upon the flying enemy, Sergt. William D. Reed, of Company A, being the first to reach and turn the pieces upon the enemy. We then moved to the front and left to the Granny White pike, where we bivouacked for the night. Early on the morning of the 16th we moved out to the left of the Franklin pike and marched down along the railroad, with the brigade, as reserve to the First and Second Brigades of the division. Found the enemy strongly pasted in works across and to the left of the Franklin pike, and sustained the First and Second Brigades in a charge upon the enemy's works to the left of the pike, which they found too strong to take by assault. Threw up breast-works and supported the Sixth Ohio Battery while the other brigades were reforming their lines to the rear. The enemy having weakened his lines to the right of the pike to re-enforce his lines to the left of the pike to repel the charge of the First and Second Brigades above mentioned, our forces to the right of the pike charged and took the enemy's line of works in their front, whereupon we immediately moved forward, the enemy abandoning the works in our front in such haste as to leave a battery of four pieces of artillery and many small-arms. We pursued the enemy for a mile and a half, when, night coming on, we bivouacked. On the morning of the 17th we marched in pursuing of the enemy. Passed through Franklin on the 18th, crossed Rutherford's Creek on the 20th, and Duck River on the 22nd, passing through Columbia that evening. Continued our march on the 23rd. Passed through Columbia that evening. Continued our march on the 23rd. Passed through Pulaski on the 25th. Continued in pursuit to Lexington, Ala., where we arrived on the 28th. Lay in camp there until the 31st, when we moved for Huntsville, where we arrived on the 5th day of January, 1865.

I am happy to say that I have no casualties to report during the campaign, except the one man wounded, December [7], as above stated.

Casualties: Albert Honlette, private, Company B, severely wounded, December 7, 1864.

HENRY G. STRATTON,

Lieutenant Colonel Nineteenth Ohio Veteran Infantry Commanding.

Captain BURNS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

