
No. 84. Report of Captain Lyman Bridges, Bridges' Battery Illinois Light Artillery, Chief of Artillery, Fourth Army Corps, of operations November 23-December 1, 1864.

HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Nashville, Tenn., December 5, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Artillery Brigade, Fourth Army Corps, from November 23, 1864, to December 1, 1864:

The assignment of the artillery of this brigade on November 23, 1864, to December 1, 1864:

The assignment of the artillery of this brigade on November 23, ultimo, at the commencement of the campaign, was as follows: Sixth Ohio Light Battery, First Lieutenant A. P. Baldwin commanding; Bridges' Battery Illinois Light Artillery, Lieutenant Lyman A. White commanding; Battery A, First Ohio Light Artillery, Captain Charles W. Scovill commanding; Battery G, First Ohio Light Artillery, Captain Alexander Marshall commanding; First Kentucky Light Battery, Captain Theodore S. Thomasson commanding; Battery B, Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, Captain Jacob Ziegler commanding; Battery M, Fourth U. S. Artillery, First Lieutenant Samuel Canby commanding; Twentieth Ohio Light Battery, Second Lieutenant J. S. Burdick commanding.

The brigade broke camp at Pulaski, Tenn.: marched fourteen miles upon Columbia pike, and camped at Lynnville, Tenn., at 8 p.m. November 24, marched at 3 a.m. for Columbia; arrived at Columbia, sixteen miles, at 3 p.m. Battery A, First Ohio Light Artillery, and Battery G, First Ohio Light Artillery, were placed in position on the front line of the Second Division, and the Sixth Ohio Battery and Bridges' Battery Illinois Light Artillery in the front line of the Third Division, Fourth Army Corps. November 25, the First Kentucky Light Battery and Battery B, Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, were placed in the front line of the First Division, Fourth Army Corps, and one section of Bridges' Battery Illinois Light Artillery on the right of the Pulaski pike. At dark all the artillery, with the exceptions of the Sixth Ohio Light Battery and Bridges' Illinois Light Battery, were withdrawn to the inner line of works on either side of Fort Mizner. November 26, the Sixth Ohio Light Artillery and Bridges' battery opened upon the enemy's troops and batteries at intervals during the day, and at dark were withdrawn to the inner line of works. November 27, at 5 a.m. Bridges' Battery Illinois Light Artillery, was placed in position upon the front line near the Pulaski pike, by command of Major-General Stanley, and played upon the enemy at intervals during the day. At dark all the artillery of the corps marched to and crossed Duck River, camping two miles north of the river. November 28, at 8 a.m., Bridges' Battery Illinois Light Artillery was placed in position in General Wood's [Third Division] front, and Battery B, Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, and First Kentucky Light Battery in General Kimball's [First Division] front.

November 29, at 7 a.m., Batteries A and G, First Ohio Light Artillery, Sixth Ohio Light Battery, Pennsylvania Light Battery, and Battery M, Fourth U. S. Artillery, marched upon the Nashville pike, Bridges' Battery Illinois Volunteers and First Kentucky Light Battery being retained with the First and Third Divisions to cover the retreat to Franklin. At Spring Hill the enemy's cavalry charged the Second Division [General Wagner's]. About 1 p.m. Battery G and Battery

