
U. S. Artillery, were left on the line with their respective divisions. This night the other batteries were put in camp about one mile and a half in the rear of the main line. On the 17th the First Kentucky Battery moved with the First Division, G, First Ohio Light Artillery, with the Second Division, and the Sixth Ohio with the Third Division. There was nothing of importance occurred until we arrived at Rutherford's Creek on the 20th of December, 1864. Here Battery G, First Ohio Light Artillery, was engaged for a short time and lost one man. On the 22nd and 23rd crossed Duck River. On the 23rd the First Kentucky Battery, being with the advanced division, fired a few shots with good effect at the enemy's cavalry. After moving along with the corps until we arrived at Pulaski, Tenn., I was ordered by the general commanding to leave three 12-pounder batteries and put their horses to the other four batteries. I left M, Fourth U. S. Artillery; E, First Michigan, and Battery B, Independent Pennsylvania Artillery. The other batteries of the brigade marched with the corps until their arrival at Huntsville, Ala., where I received orders from General Wood to go to Pulaski and bring up the batteries I had left there. I took the horses from the batteries in Huntsville and started back to Pulaski on the 7th of January, 1865; arrived in Pulaski on the 8th of January, 1865, and remained there one day to get the horses shod. Started from Pulaski to return to Huntsville on the morning of the 10th, arriving in Huntsville on the 12th of January, 1865, and put the batteries in camp. For the various parts that the different batteries took in the late campaign I would respectfully refer you to the accompanying reports in detail from the battery commanders.

Ammunition expended: Three-inch rifled, solid shot, 7; percussion-shell, 952; fuse-shell, 627; case-shot, 1,183; total, 2,769. Twelve-pounder [light] gun, solid shot, 715; fuse-shell, 692; case-shot, 856; canister, 13; total, 2,274. Total amount, 5,043.

Casualties: Enlisted men, killed, 2; wounded, 5; aggregate, 7. Horses, killed, 4; disabled, 12; aggregate, 16.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. GODSPEED,

Major First Ohio Light Arty. and Chief of Arty., 4th Army Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel J. S. FULLERTON,

Chief of Staff, Fourth Army Corps.

No. 86. Report of Lieutenant Lyman A. White, Bridges' Battery Illinois Light Artillery, of operations November 24-30, 1864.

HDQRS. BRIDGES' BATTERY ILLINOIS LIGHT ARTILLERY, Nashville, Tenn., December 4, 1864.

The battery left Pulaski on the 24th ultimo and accompanied the main army to Columbia. Here it took position in line of battle to the left of the pike and remained during the night and part of the following day. A section was then ordered to the right of the road into position and stopped till dark, when the whole command went into park to the rear of the fort. Before daybreak it returned to the line of battle; took position and remained till the evening of that day. It then crossed Duck River and again took position, and afterward a second

