
one, though it was not engaged in either case. It then moved on with the column to Spring Hill, halted some three hours, and resumed the march to Franklin. Here it remained in park till the afternoon, when it was ordered into position to the right of the pike. During the battle this point proved a critical one, and the enemy charged repeatedly and in heavy force; the battery held its ground till 10 o'clock, when it was ordered into the retreating columns on the way to this city.

The casualties were Sergeant Taylor, Corporal Stark, and Privates Williams, Davis, Brasnahan, and McMahon wounded, one horse killed and two wounded.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

LYMAN A WHITE,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Bridges' Battery Illinois Light Artillery.

No. 87. Report of Captain Frederick C. Sturm, Twenty-fifth Battery Indiana Light Artillery, of operations December 13, 1864-January 5, 1865.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIFTH BATTERY INDIANA VOLUNTEERS, Huntsville, Ala., January 21, 1865.

MAJOR: In compliance with your orders of the 15th instant, I have the honor to submit the following report:

On December 13, 1864, I received orders to report with my battery to Brigadier General T. J. Wood, commanding Fourth Army Corps, in the vicinity of Nashville, Tenn. On the same date two sections were ordered upon the hill to the right of Granny White pike, to relieve Captain Bridges' [Illinois] battery; on the 15th the remaining section was ordered into position on the Granny White pike, the whole battery being under orders to silence the enemy's batteries or forces en masse that might be in front of the position held by the same whenever they opened upon our troops. At 4 p.m. the enemy opened a masked battery on our advancing forces to the right. The guns of my right and left sections of the battery then opened on the enemy, firing eighty-two rounds, with what effect could not be definitely ascertained on account of the lowering, smoky atmosphere. On the 16th of December, 1864, I received orders to move my battery to a position on the Franklin pike, where I remained until 6 p.m., when by your order I joined the Artillery Brigade about six miles from Nashville on the Franklin pike. On the 17th the march was commenced in pursuit of Hood's retreating forces, arriving in Pulaski, Tenn., on the 25th of same month, where I received an addition of thirty-two horses and one mule team and seventeen men from Battery E, First Michigan Light Artillery, to continue the pursuit, which was made over almost impassable roads to Lexington, Ala., and thence to Huntsville, Ala. The roads and weather being very unfavorable and my horses being new and unused to service, it made the march very hard on them, and I lost quite a number.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,F. C. STURM,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

Major W. F. GODSPEED,

Chief of Artillery, Fourth Army Corps.

