
the battery ceased firing. At about 12.m.the battery withdrew and moved across the river and halted on the Nashville pike about 400 yards from the ford.

The following is a list of casualties at the battle at Franklin, Tenn.*

The following is the amount of ammunition expended, viz: Hotchkiss canister, 48 rounds; Hotchkiss case shot, 15 rounds; Hotchkiss percussion-shell, 46 rounds; total, 109.

At about 3 a.m. of the 1st of December the battery marched for Nashville. It arrived at Camp Andy Johnson, three miles from Nashville, at about 10 a.m. and encamped. At 1 p.m. it moved into camp near Fort Negley and remained there until the afternoon of the 3rd, when it moved into position on a hill on the front of the First Division, Fourth Army Corps, on the left of the Granny White pike, where it is now posted.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. S. THOMASSON,

Captain Kentucky Light Artillery, Commanding First Battery.

Lieutenant GEORGE W. JAMES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. FIRST BATTERY KENTUCKY LIGHT ARTILLERY, Huntsville, Ala., January 16, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my battery from the 16th day of December, 1864, to the 31st day of December, 1864, inclusive:

The battery left its position on the line of works occupied by the First Division, Fourth Army Corps, on the left of the Granny White pike, at Nashville, Tenn., about 8.30 a.m. of the 16th ultimo, and went into park with a portion of the Artillery Brigade, Fourth Army Corps, on the Franklin pike near Fort Negley. At 10 a.m. it was ordered into position on the right of the Franklin pike about-miles from the city, and at 11 a.m. opened fire upon the works of the enemy upon- Hill, about 1,200 yards in front of the battery. At 12.30 p.m. the battery advanced about 300 yards and took up a position on the right of the pike, where it again opened fire upon the battery of the enemy in the works on - Hill, about 900 yards in front. The firing here was steadily kept up until sundown, when the enemy's works having been carried, the battery ceased firing, moved forward and went into camp on the left of the Franklin pike about seven miles from Nashville. The battery sustained no loss in men or horses during the action.

The following is the amount of the ammunition expended: Hotchkiss solid shot, 5; percussion-shell, 167; time shell, 117; case-shot, 272; total, 561. Miscellaneous: Paper fuses, 400; friction primers, 850.

At 9 a.m. of the 17th the battery left camp and moved to Harpeth River at Franklin, where it camped for the night. At 7 a.m. of the 18th the battery left camp, moved out on the Columbia pike. On the 19th it moved to Rutherford's Creek and camped on the left of the pike with the Artillery Brigade, Fourth Army Corps. On the 21st the battery left camp at 5 a.m., crossed Rutherford's Creek, and camped one

---------------

*Nominal list [omitted] shows 2 men killed and 5 men wounded, and 3 men missing.

---------------

