
mile from Columbia on the right of the pike. At 10 p.m. of the 22nd it left camp, crossed Duck River, and camped in the edge of Columbia on the right of the Pulaski pike, where it remained until 12 m. of the 23rd, when it left camp, and marched by the Pulaski pike, About six miles from Columbia one section of the battery, commanded by Lieutenant Sinclair, was ordered forward and opened fire upon the enemy's cavalry. The firing was kept up for about two hours. The battery sustained no loss in men or horses.

The following is an account of ammunition expended: Hotchkiss solid shot,2; percussion-shell, 25; time shell, 11; case-shot,2; total, 40. Miscellaneous: Friction primers, 60; paper fuses, 13.

After the firing had ceased the battery camped for the night on the right of the pike seven miles from Columbia. At 8 o'clock of the 24th the battery left camp, and marching by the Pulaski pike, camped for the night one mile south of Lynnville. On the morning of the 25th instant [ultimo] it left camp and reached Pulaski about 2.30 a.m. [26th], where it halted on the square for two hours. At 5 p.m., having received four pairs of horses and four sets of harness from Battery M, Fourth U. S. Artillery, three pieces and four caissons with eight horses each, and the forge, moved out on the Florence road, leaving the transportation behind. One piece and the battery wagon were also left for repairs on the carriages, the axle-trees being broken. The battery consumed the greater part of the night in gaining the top of the hill three miles from Pulaski, where it camped. About 9 o'clock of the 26th the battery left camp and camped for the night at Doctor Roberts' house on the hill six miles from Pulaski. About 8 a.m. of the 27th it left camp and marched to Sugar Creek, where it camped for the night. At 8 a.m. of the 28th it left camp and marched to Lexington, Ala., where it remained until the 31st ultimo. The piece left at Pulaski for repairs with our wagon rejoined the battery on the 30th instant [ultimo]. At 8 a.m. of the 31st the battery marched by the Athens road and camped for the night within three miles of Elk River.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. S. THOMASSON,

Captain Kentucky Light Artillery, Commanding First Battery.

Lieutenant GEORGE W. JAMES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. FIRST BATTERY KENTUCKY LIGHT ARTILLERY, Huntsville, Ala., January 18, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my battery from the 1st day of January, 1865, to the 16th day of January, 1865, inclusive:

On the 1st day of January, 1865, the battery was in camp about three miles from Elk River. At about 12.30 p.m. of that date it left camp and marched to Elk River, where it went into camp near the ford. It remained in camp there until the morning of the 4th instant, when it moved about 10 a.m., crossed the river, and marched to Athens, where it camped for the night. At 8 a.m. of the 5th the battery left camp and marched to Indian Creek, where it camped for the night. At 7 a.m. of the 6th the battery left camp and marched to Huntsville, Ala., where it went into camp with the Artillery Brigade, Fourth Army Corps, near the college building south of town, where it has since remained.

