
On the 8th instant eight pairs of horses, with harness and drivers, and one six-mule team, were sent back to Pulaski to assist in bringing up the batteries left there, and also to bring up the battery wagon and transportation of the battery. On the 13th instant they rejoined the battery.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. S. THOMASSON,

Captain Kentucky Light Artillery, Commanding First Battery.

Lieutenant GEORGE W. JAMES,

Acting Adjutant-General.

No. 89. Report of Captain Peter De Vries, Battery E, First Michigan Light Artillery, of operations December 13-31, 1864.

Report of Battery E, First Michigan Light Artillery, Artillery Brigade, Fourth Army Corps, for the month of December, 1864.

December 13, 1864, I was ordered to report with my battery to the Artillery Brigade, Fourth Army Corps, Brigadier-General Wood commanding. 14th, I moved with my battery out on the Hillsborough pike, and remained there through the night; put into position the evening of the 14th of December. 15th, ordered to advance at 3 p.m.; placed into position by Major Godspeed, chief of artillery, and remained in position until after dark. Fired eighty-three rounds at the enemy, then returned to my former position on the Hillsborough pike, where I remained until morning. 16th, I was ordered in the morning to move my battery to the Franklin pie, and 1 p.m. I was ordered to advance and hold myself in readiness for immediate action. I received no further orders until 6 p.m., when I was ordered to advance along the Franklin pike, and went into camp No. 1, on the Franklin pike, seven miles from Nashville, Tenn. 17th, broke camp at 11 a.m.; came into camp No. 2, on the river bank, opposite Franklin, Tenn. 18th, broke camp at 7 o'clock; crossed the river into Franklin; marched fifteen miles; went into camp No. 4 at 1 p.m.; remained there all night and next day. 20th, broke camp at 5 p.m.; marched two miles and remained by the side of the road until 4 o'clock in the morning. 21st, crossed pontoon bridge No. 1; marched three miles from bridge; came into park; remained there until 9 a.m., when I was ordered to advance; broke park, marched two miles, came into position on the river bank opposite Columbia, near pontoon bridge No. 2, and remained there until 7 p.m., when I was ordered to advance; got on the pike, where I remained in line of march until 5 a.m. 22nd, crossed pontoon bridge No. 2 p.m., when I was ordered to break camp; marched four miles; went into camp No. 6 for the night. 23rd, broke camp at 7 o'clock; marched fifteen miles; went into camp No. 7 and remained all night. 24th, broke camp at 7 o'clock; marched all day; came into camp No. 8 and remained all night. 25th, broke camp, marched until 2 p.m., and arrived at Pulaski, Tenn. 26th,27th,28th,29th,30th,31st, in camp at Pulaski.

PETER DE VRIES,

Captain Battery E, First Michigan Light Artillery.

