
No. 90. Report of Lieutenant Charles W. Scovill, Battery A, First Ohio Light Artillery, of operations November 24-December 1, 1864.
HDQRS. BATTERY A, FIRST OHIO LIGHT ARTILLERY, Nashville, Tenn., December 3, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the following as the transactions of Battery A, First Ohio Light Artillery, since leaving Pulaski, Tenn., to its arrival at this place:

Received orders to march on the 24th of November. Marched to Lynnville. Resumed march at daylight the 25th and marched to Columbia, and took position on a hill with the Second Division, Fourth Army Corps; remained in the same position until the night of the 26th, when we marched three miles to the right and took position, remaining there until dark of the 27th. We then started to cross the river, but could not get across; went into camp until 5 a.m. of the 28th, and then marched back to the position we had left the night previous; stayed there until dark of the 28th, when we crossed the river by fording. Marched on the 29th to Spring Hill; was ordered into position by Lieutenant Immell, and then ordered to another position by General Wagner, commanding Second Division, Fourth Army Corps. Threw up some temporary works of logs and rails. The enemy made his appearance on the right flank of General Bradley's brigade, and it fell back past the battery, the rebels following closely, when I opened on him with spherical case, shell, and canister and checked him; then part of the infantry was rallied and drove the enemy back. My men stood by their guns nobly; we fired 166 rounds, had 1 man killed, and 1 wounded. At 10 p.m. received orders from Captain Bridges, chief of artillery, Fourth Army Corps, to be ready to move. Left position at 1 a.m. of the 30th; waited for wagon train to get out until 3 a.m.; arrived at Franklin about 10 a.m., and went into camp until 2 p.m.; received orders to be ready to move and send my transportation across the river. I then moved the battery near a large brick house and was ready to go into position, when I received orders from Captain Bridges he ordered me to put one section in with the Twentieth Ohio Battery. I sent after a section, and when it came up Captain Bridges ordered Lieutenant Grant, chief of section, to place it in position on the left of the pike in rear of the line of infantry about fifty yards. The section went into position about the time that the enemy broke our front line and there was some confusion; they did but little firing in consequence of their being so far in the rear that it was not safe to fire over the infantry. When the line fell back it carried the cannoneers back with it, but most of them rallied as soon as they could and returned to their guns. I was with the Twentieth Ohio Battery during the enemy's charge and it did good service. After dark I was wounded and Lieutenant Grant took command of the battery. We crossed the river shortly after dark and reached Nashville on the 1st of December.

Casualties.*

One horse killed, 3 wounded, and 1 broke away and escaped.

Ammunition fired: November 29, 166 rounds; November 30, 8 rounds.

CHAS. W. SCOVILL,First Lieutenant, First Ohio Light Artillery, Commanding A. Company.

[Lieutenant G. W. JAMES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

---------------

*Nominal list [omitted] shows 1 man killed, and 1 officer and 2 privates wounded.

---------------

