
No. 91. Reports of Captain Alexander Marshall, Battery G, First Ohio Light Artillery, of operations November 23-December 4 and December 15-31, 1864.

HDQRS. BATTERY G, FIRST OHIO VOL. LIGHT ARTY., Nashville, Tenn., December 4, 1864.

In obedience to orders I have the honor to report the march and the part taken in the engagements with the enemy by Battery G, First Ohio Volunteer Light Artillery, from Pulaski, Tenn., November 23, to Nashville, Tenn., December 4, 1864.

Broke camp at Pulaski, Tenn., at 3 p.m. of the 23rd of November, 1864, moved about four miles and encamped for the night. November 24, broke camp and moved as ordered; at 6 p.m. took position with Second Division, Fourth Army Corps, on the line, at Columbia, Tenn. At 4 p.m. 25th completed our works; at 3 p.m., in compliance with orders, Lieutenant Newell reported to General Reilly, Twenty-third Army Corps, with one section; at 8 p.m. fell back to the inner line of works with the Second Division, Fourth Army Corps. While moving, Lieutenant Newell's section joined the battery. 26th, at 4 p.m., transportation and caissons moved, as ordered, to cross the river; at dusk withdrew the battery, as ordered, for the purpose of crossing the river; at 10 p.m. encamped on the Columbia side of the river, in compliance with orders. 27th, before daylight, moved back into position left the day before; at 1 p.m. transportation and caissons crossed the river on the pontoon bridge; at dusk, in obedience with orders, withdrew the guns, and forded the river; encamped two miles from the ford. 28th, at 5 a.m., took gun teams to the river and withdrew battery belonging to the garrison of Columbia; 12 m., caissons and transportation joined the battery; encamped about half a mile to the rear of last night's camp. 29th, at 8 a.m., reported, as ordered, to General Wagner, commanding Second Division, Fourth Army Corps, and marched in rear of the division, reaching Spring Hill about 2 p.m., when we struck a force of the enemy; took position and opened with battery; fired some twenty rounds; Lieutenant Newell then reported, as ordered, with one section, to Colonel Opdycke near the depot; moved Lieutenant Bills' section at dusk about one-quarter of a mile to the right and opposite the enemy's center, into a defense thrown up by the One hundred and third Ohio Infantry. Casualties: Corpl. Daniel Allen, mortally wounded; Henry Cook, wounded in the thigh. Fired during the day sixty-seven rounds. 30th, at 1 a.m., withdrew the right, Lieutenant Bills' section, in obedience to orders; at 2 a.m. withdrew the center, Lieutenant Mitchell's section; joined the left, Lieutenant Newell's section, at 3 a.m., and moved with the Artillery Brigade, reaching Franklin, Tenn., about 11 a.m., and parked with Artillery Brigade; watered, fed, and groomed. At 1 p.m. moved Lieutenant Mitchell's center section out on the Columbia pike onto a hill near our skirmish force; at 2.30 p.m. withdrew this section, in compliance with orders, into the pike within our first line of works, and continued firing. Finding the enemy pressing close upon us, and no desirable cover for artillery, closed out firing here with canister, having lost 2 men killed and 5 wounded, and withdrew leisurely to our main line, reporting to Captain Bridges, chief of artillery, Fourth Army Corps, and received orders to move the battery [six guns] to the left of our line, near the railroad, and hold the position. Opened with canister, enfilading the railroad cut in front of Company M, Fourth U. S. Artillery. Here I found the enemy in strong force, and coming up to our works on their hands and knees.

