
My men all behaved handsomely; fired about 700 rounds.

Casualties: Killed, Samuel Boals and Sebastian Sherwood; wounded, Second Lieutenant Milton A. Mitchell, Sergt. John Murphy, Corpls. James H. Clinton, William Ransbottom, and Alex. M. Clinton, Bugler Daniel W. Merrill, Privates John F. Miller, George H. Mitchell, Thomas J. Smith, Charles A. Calhoun, John Phiffer, and Matthew C. Harrington. Had eight horses wounded, so as to render them unserviceable.

Withdrew and forded the Harpeth with four pieces and caissons between the hours of 9 and 10; fifteen minutes later withdrew the remaining section, halted near the river, when I received orders to move with Colonel Straight's brigade with four pieces, which covered the rear, the other section and caissons moving with Artillery Brigade. December 1,4 a.m., moved with Colonel Straight's command; camped near Fort Negley, Nashville, Tenn., at 5 p.m. December 2, changed camp; moved to the right of Fort CasiNumbers December 3, moved the guns of the battery out on the line near Broad street pike. December 4, Lieutenant Mitchell's section, with Colonel Straight's brigade, fired 300 rounds; the enemy's works were within 1,000 yards; no casualties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. MARSHALL,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

Lieutenant GEORGE W. JAMES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. BATTERY G, FIRST OHIO VOL. LIGHT ARTY., Huntsville, Ala., January 15, 1865.

SIR: In obedience to orders from headquarters Artillery Brigade, Fourth Army Corps, I have the honor to report the engagements and marches of battery G, First Ohio Volunteer Light Artillery, from the 15th to the 31st day of December, 1864, inclusive.

In compliance with orders, moved at 6 a.m. the 15th up to the works occupied by the Second Division, Fourth Army Corps, in front of Nashville, near the Hillsborough pike, and reported to General Elliott, commanding division. Moved forward through our works in rear of the division at 9 a.m. Moved into position and opened fire at 2 p.m. in front of a hill close on the left of the Hillsborough pike, fortified and occupied by the enemy's artillery-range, 1,300 yards. At about 4 p.m. moved forward with division and occupied the enemy's works; opened and continued firing until dark. At 9.30 p.m. moved in obedience to orders into our former camp within our works; replenished ammunition chests, &amp;c.; no casualties; fired 600 rounds. 16th instant, moved at 6 a.m. out the Granny White pike about two and a half miles inside of the second line of the enemy's works and to the left about midway between the Granny White and Franklin pikes; reported to General Elliott, in obedience to orders; took position on the right of the division, and opened fire at 8 a.m. upon works being thrown up by the enemy. Apparently a force of the enemy were moving to our right, which called my attention to the interval of nearly a mile immediately on our right. About 10 a.m. moved about 1,000 yards to the left, across the creek, and opened upon a battery which had uncovered on our right and front; was replied to from these points-the Overton hill, directly in front, and the battery on our right and front. At about 12 m. moved with the division about 1,000 yards to the front, and within 600 yards of the enemy's works, occupying a line in which they had

