
commenced entrenching themselves; advanced one piece 200 yards. At 4 p.m. moved with the division through the enemy's works and opened about 300 yards inside of their last line; fired fifty rounds and moved across the Franklin pike onto the Overton Hill; fired thirty rounds, then moved down and out the Franklin pike about half a mile, and closed the day's work at dark with about fifty rounds; bivouacked with the division at 8 p.m. on the left of the Franklin pike. Casualties; Private M. C. Harrington, killed; wounded, George Stockham and Franklin Spooner; 1 horse killed and 5 wounded and disabled. Fired 123 rounds. 17th, in obedience to orders, moved with the division at daylight; camped on Harpeth River opposite Franklin at 4 p.m. 18th, moved out at 11 a.m., in obedience to orders, with Artillery Brigade; camped seven miles north of Columbia at 8 p.m. 19th, reported to General Elliott, at 8 a.m., in obedience to orders, and moved rapidly to the head of the column, resting on Rutherford's Creek; went into position covering crossing and opened fire about 9 a.m. Enemy replied a short time from two points. Bivouacked for the night in this position. Fired 250 rounds. Casualties - wounded, James Lloyd, private; 5 horses disabled. 20th instant, position same as yesterday. 21st, at 9 p.m., in obedience to orders, moved down to pontoons, and crossed at 3 a.m. the 22nd; moved forward and took position covering Duck River ford, at Columbia, at 10 a.m.; camped in this position. 23rd, at 3 a.m., moved down to and crossed on the pontoons; encamped close on the south of the town until 3 p.m., when moved out four miles on Pulaski pike and encamped. 24th, 10 a.m., moved with Second Division and encamped with Artillery Brigade ten miles north of Pulaski. 25th, moved at 10 a.m. with Artillery Brigade. Encamped three miles south of Pulaski, on Rogersville road. In Pulaski was furnished with extra teams for each carriage; left battery wagons, baggage, &amp;c. 26th, moved at daylight forward about two miles and joined Second Division; encamped. 27th, moved at 7 a.m. about twelve miles; camped on Sugar Creek. 28th, moved at daylight; encamped at dark three miles west of Lexington. 29th and 30th, no movement. 31st, countermarched; encamped six miles east of Lexington, on Anderson's Creek.

Summary: Casualties: M. C. Harrington, private, killed; George H. Stockham, private, wounded severely; Franklin Spooner, private, wounded slightly; James Lloyd, private, wounded severely; 1 horse killed and 10 disabled.

Fired 2,086 rounds.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. MARSHALL,

Captain, Commanding Battery G, First Ohio Vol. Light Artillery.

Lieutenant GEORGE W. JAMES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 92. Reports of Lieutenant Aaron P. Baldwin, Sixth Battery Ohio Light Artillery, of operations November 23, 1864-January 5, 1865.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH OHIO BATTERY, Nashville, Tenn., December 3, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report as the part taken by this command in the campaign from Pulaski, Tenn., to Nashville, Tenn.:

The battery marched from Pulaski November 23 at 3 p.m., marching eleven miles, camping near Lynville at 10 p.m. November 24,

