
marched at 4 a.m., arriving at Columbia 1 p.m. By direction of the corps chief of artillery the battery reported to General Wood, Third Division, and was assigned a position on Colonel Straight's brigade line. On the morning of the 26th instant the enemy advanced in our immediate front. The battery opened fire, and, spending fifty rounds of ammunition, repulsing the enemy. The enemy fired a few rounds with rifled artillery, doing no damage. The battery forded Duck River on the eve of the 27th. On the 28th the battery again reported to General Wood, but did not go into position. On the 29th the command marched at 8 a.m., arriving at Spring Hill at 4.30 p.m. Here the enemy's cavalry made a heavy attack upon our trains. The battery was thrown into position, but did not open fire. On the 30th again marched at 3 a.m. for Franklin. Information having been received that the batteries might possibly fall into the hands of the enemy before reaching Franklin, every arrangement was made to cut down the carriages and to spike the guns, the gun equipments were issued, and the gun detachments kept at their posts. At sunrise, when within four miles of Franklin, the enemy's cavalry charged the trains in strong force. The battery was promptly put in position on the left of the road and opened fire, repulsing the enemy. For the promptness and effectiveness of the battery on this occasion the command was complimented on the spot by General Wood, also by Captain L. Bridges, chief of artillery, Fourth Army Corps. The battery arrived at Franklin 10 a.m. The enemy pressing up closely, the battery was ordered into position on General Reilly's brigade line, Twenty-third Army Corps. The enemy continued advancing, about 3 p.m. engaging our skirmishers. About 4 p.m., as soon as their lines came within range, the battery opened fire and continued firing until dark, expending some 550 rounds of ammunition. The enemy continued pressing their lines close up to our works, notwithstanding our heavy fire of artillery and infantry. The enemy tried hard to force a passage at the right embrasure of the battery. They several times got into the embrasure, pushing their guns through and fired upon the cannoneers. They were so unpleasantly close that we had to resort to the use of sponge staves, axes, and picks to drive them back. Private Jacob Steinbaugh killed a daring rebel with an ax and disabled another with a pick. The officers and men behaved splendidly; every man stood to his post.

No less than thirteen stand of colors were captured on the battery front by General Reilly's brigade, one of which by right should, as a trophy of that bloody engagement, be in possession of the battery.

In this engagement the battery sustained the following losses: Wounded, Private William B. Welch [mortally in right breast], Private John Shepherd [slightly in left arm], Private George Bradley [slightly in right leg], Private A. C. Stanart [severely in right arm]; 1 horse slightly wounded, 1 mule drowned fording Duck River, 1 ax thrown through embrasure by Private Steinbaugh.

The battery was safely retired from Franklin at 8 p.m. November 30, 1864, arriving at Nashville December 1, at 6 a.m., the march being very rapidly performed from Pulaski to Nashville, forcing the column to trot a portion of the time. Many horses were injured by the rapid traveling; otherwise everything went well.

All of which I do most respectfully submit.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. BALDWIN,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Sixth Ohio Battery.

Lieutenant GEORGE W. JAMES,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Arty. Brigadier, Fourth Army Corps.

