HEADQUARTERS SIXTH OHIO BATTERY, Huntsville, Ala., January 9, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the operations of this command during the recent campaign, commencing at Nashville, Tenn., December 1, 1864, and ending at Huntsville, Ala., January 5, 1865:

December 3, the battery was placed in position in the First Brigade, Third Division, Fourth Army Corps line, firing more or less daily at the enemy's line of earth-works, some 800 yards distant, until December 15, expending 702 rounds of ammunition apparently with good effect, drawing no artillery fire from the enemy after the first day, viz, December 3, 1864. December 15, the battery operated with Third Division, advancing about one mile, expending ninety-nine rounds of ammunition. About dark the Third Division carried the enemy's line of works, capturing four 12-pounder guns, which by direction of general commanding I sent to corps headquarters; found fifteen boxes 12 pounder artillery ammunition, which I sent to the artillery ordnance train. December 16, the battery was placed in position to the left of the Franklin pike fronting Overton Hill, which was held by the enemy's infantry and Stanford's [Mississippi] battery. The battery opened fire and expended 696 rounds of ammunition. During the firing two of enemy's limbers exploded with shells. This line of works was carried with the capture of Stanford's [Mississippi] battery about 4 p.m. The battery continued to operate with Third Division, Fourth Army Corps, up to its arrival at Huntsville, January 5, 1865, but was not again engaged. From Pulaski to this point the battery horses suffered greatly, owing to the bad state of roads, being in some places almost impassable.

During every engagement with the enemy the men behaved splendidly, with great credit to themselves and the battery.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,A. P. BALDWIN,

Commanding Sixth Ohio Battery.

Lieutenant G. W. JAMES,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery, Fourth Army Corps.

No. 93. Report of Sergt. Henry Horn, Twentieth Battery Ohio Light Artillery, of operations November 30, 1864.

HDQRS. TWENTIETH BATTERY OHIO VOLUNTEER ARTY., Nashville, Tenn., December 6, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part which the Twentieth Battery Ohio Volunteer Artillery took in the late battle at Franklin, Tenn.

This battery, composed of four pieces [12-pounder Napoleons], and commanded by Junior First Lieutenant John S. Burdick, coming from Columbia, arrived at Franklin on the 30th of November, 1864. The battery was ordered into line of battle at 3 p.m. the same day, and was attacked at 4 p.m. The men stood firmly to their arms until 9 p.m.

