
of the same day, when we received orders to fall back and cross the river. There we received orders to march, and arrived at Nashville at 11 a.m. December 1.

We lost heavily in horses, which were wounded during the action in such a manner as to render them almost unserviceable. The men, as stated above, acted with great bravery, and showed what kind of material they were made of. The guns are in good condition, except some accouterments, which are either broken or lost. We fired 169 rounds of ammunition of different kinds, and did good execution.

The losses in killed, wounded, and missing are as follows.*

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY HORN,

First Sergeant Twentieth Independent Battery, Ohio Vol. Arty.

Captain BRIDGES,

Chief of Artillery, Fourth Corps.

No. 94. Reports of Captain Jacob Ziegler, Battery B, Pennsylvania Light Artillery, of operations November 23-December 1 and December 15-31, 1864.

Official report of marches, engagements, &amp;c., of Battery B, Independent Artillery, Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, since 23rd day of November, 1864, to the 1st day of December, 1864.

The battery left Pulaski, Tenn., on the 23rd day of November at 4 p.m., arrived at Columbia on the 24th of November; took position on the left of the line and moved toward the right on the 25th; crossed the river on the evening of the 27th. On the 28th we were ordered again in position on the north side of Columbia; remained there until the 29th when we marched toward Spring Hill and a fight ensued. The battery was on the extreme right, close to the pike. One section was ordered farther out by General Wagner, with one infantry regiment for support; came in position and fired. The enemy advanced then on to us and drove the regiment into the section, and at the same time we received orders through General Wagner's aide-de-camp to fall back as quick as possible. I fell back and commenced firing again at my first position and alongside of the other sections. Here we checked the enemy. Received orders to march again about 2 o'clock in the morning on the 29th [30th] of November. About 9 a.m. the same day, some cavalry attacked very suddenly our flanks. Got in position but did not fire. Resumed our march again, and arrived in Franklin, Tenn., about 10 a.m. Was ordered in position near the right of the Twenty-third Army Corps, when we were attacked and took an active part in that fight. The loss in the battery that day was 3 men wounded, 3 horses killed, and 4 horses disabled. Crossed the river on the same evening and arrived in Nashville, Tenn., on the 30th day of November [December 1].

J. ZIEGLER,

Captain Commanding Battery B, Indpt. Arty., Pennsylvania Vet. Vols.

---------------

*Nominal list [omitted] shows 1 officer and 4 men killed and 8 men wounded.

---------------

