HDQRS. BATTERY B, INDEPENDENT ARTILLERY, PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLUNTEERS, Huntsville, Ala., January 16, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to orders from headquarters Artillery Brigade, Fourth Army Corps, I have the honor to report the engagements and marches of Battery B, Independent Artillery, Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, from the 15th to the 31st of December, 1864, inclusive.

In compliance with orders from chief of artillery, I was ordered to report with the battery to the First Division commander [General Kimball]. Moved at 6 a.m. the 15th to the right of the Granny White pike about 500 yards, and halted in the rear of the division; at 9 a.m. moved forward and opened fire at 2 p.m. in front of a hill close to the Hillsborough pike; at 4 p.m. advanced with the battery about 800 yards and took up a position in front of the enemy's works close to the Hillsborough pike, and succeeded in silencing the guns [which were afterward captured], when we moved forward in the rear of the division, and occupied the enemy's works close to the Hillsborough pike, and succeeded in silencing the guns [which were afterward captured], when we moved forward in the rear of the division, and occupied the enemy's works. Opened and continued firing until 9 p.m., when we moved in obedience to orders into our former camp inside our works and on the Granny White pike, where we replenished ammunition chests, &amp;c. No casualties; fired 507 rounds. 16th instant, moved at 7 a.m. down the Franklin pike about two miles and a half in rear of the division, and followed it to the right of the Franklin pike out into an open cornfield in front of the enemy's batteries and about 1,000 yards distant; opened and kept up a vigorous fire, when we were enfiladed by two of the enemy's batteries, breaking the axle of the right gun and knocking off the trail of the left gun, thereby disabling completely the left section, killing 1 man, William Haberlin, and wounding 2 others, Corporal Bowles and Alfred Butler, also killing 2 horses. The disabled guns were brought off the field, while the right section remained in position until 1 p.m., when it was relieved by Battery M, Fourth U. S. Artillery. Fired during the day 199 rounds, 17th, in obedience to orders moved with the division at daylight; camped on Little Harpeth River opposite Franklin at 4 p.m. 18th, moved out at 10 a.m. in obedience to orders, with Artillery Brigade, and camped seven miles north of Columbia at 8 p.m. 19th, at 8 a.m., moved with the division to Columbia; reached it about 11 a.m., moved with the division to Columbia; reached it about 11 a.m., and went into camp until 9 p.m., when we were ordered to cross Duck River, but did not succeed in crossing until the morning of the 24th, and marched to and beyond Lynnville, where we bivouacked with the Artillery Brigade. 25th, in obedience to orders reported to General Kimball; followed his division to Pulaski, where the battery was ordered to remain until further orders, giving nine teams to Battery G, First Ohio Volunteers, to aid them on the march from Pulaski to Lexington, Ala.

Summary of casualties: Killed, Private William Haberlin; wounded, Corpl. Charles Bowles [severely] and Private Alfred Butler [slightly]; 3 horses killed and 2 disabled.

Fired 706 rounds.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. ZIEGLER,

Captain.

Lieutenant G. W. JAMES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

22 R R-VOL XLV, PT I

