
No. 95. Reports of Lieutenant Samuel Canby, Battery M, Fourth U. S. Artillery of operations November 25-December 4 and December 15-31, 1864.

BATTERY M, FOURTH U. S. ARTILLERY, Near Nashville, Tenn., December 4, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by Battery M, Fourth [U. S.] Artillery, in the operations of the army since November 25 to the present date:

The battery joined the Artillery Brigade, Fourth Army Corps, on the morning of November 25, at Columbia, and remained in park near left of Fourth Army Corps all that day. November 26, battery crossed Duck River on pontoon bridge near railroad, and went into park half a mile from river. November 27, battery was placed in position to protect pontoon bridge over Duck River. November 28, marched to Franklin pike and went into park two miles from Columbia. November 29, marched to Spring Hill and took position on Franklin pike; fired eight case-shot from left section at enemy's skirmishers. November 30, left Spring Hill at 3 a.m.; the left section, Lieutenant C. F. Merkle commanding, and caissons of right section marched directly to Franklin. Lieutenant Merkle dispersed a body of the enemy's cavalry five miles south of the town, firing three shells. The right section, Lieutenant J. M. Stephenson commanding, moved with the rear guard; it was placed in a position on a hill two miles south of Franklin, where Lieutenant Stephenson fired twelve shot, sixteen cases, and twelve shell at the enemy's cavalry on our right and in rear, driving back their skirmishers. Lieutenant Stephenson reached Franklin at noon, and soon after the battery was placed in position on the extreme left of our line, and repulsed the charge made upon that point. During the charge the right section, at the suggestion of Lieutenant Stephenson, was placed on the left of left section, where it completely swept the railroad and river-bank.

Lieutenants Stephenson and Merkle, in charge of sections, and Lieutenant Ennis, in charge of right piece of right section, handled their commands with great coolness and skill. Corporals Steele and Shotts deserve mention for their coolness and excellent gunnery. Corporal Shotts was wounded early in the action, but remained with his piece. Two men were killed and 7 wounded. The body of a caisson was lost in the river at the pontoon bridge, and a limber left on the field, the pole being broken.

Moved from our position on the left at 8 p.m., and reached Nashville at 7 a.m. December 1. Went into position at block-house, on right of Franklin pike. December 2 and 3, remained in position at block-house. December 4, left block-house and went into camp on right of the Granny White pike.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL CANBY,

First Lieutenant, Fourth U. S. Artillery, Commanding Battery M.

Lieutenant G. W. JAMES,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigadier, Fourth Army Corps.

