HDQRS. BATTERY M, FOURTH U. S. ARTILLERY, Huntsville, Ala., January 21, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by Battery M, Fourth U. S. Artillery, in the operations of the Army of the Cumberland from the 15th of December, 1864, to the 31st of December, inclusive.

December 15, moved out on the Hillsborough pike at noon; followed up a charge by the infantry, and went into position near the Montgomery ruins; the right section, Lieutenant Stephenson commanding, 150 yards to the right of the ruins; the left section, Lieutenant Merkle commanding, on the left and in rear of them. The fire of right section was directed upon the enemy's works in its front; that of left section upon enemy's rifle-pits and skirmishers on its left and front. After firing two hours the battery was ordered to advance one-quarter of a mile to a position in front of the works, upon which the fire of right section had previously been directed. Soon after taking position the works were charge upon and taken, the battery, advancing to a position in rear of the captured works, continued firing till dark; returned to camp near Aklen place at 10 p.m. One horse wounded; no other casualties. December 16, moved out on Franklin pike at 12 m., and relieved Captain Ziegler's battery. Our fire was principally directed upon the enemy's line near the pike and upon a battery in an angle of the woods in our immediate front. At 4 p.m. the battery moved up with the infantry to a position in rear of enemy's line on right of pike, and soon after moved down the pike with General Grose's command to Mrs. Ewing's house, where the battery remained in position all night. I received an order at 8 p.m. to rejoin General Beatty's division, but General Kimball ordered me to remain in position, as it was impossible to rejoin the division that night. No casualties during the 16th. December 17, marched to Franklin, following in rear of General Kimball's division. December 18, marched to camp south of and near Spring Hill. December 19, marched to camp within one mile of Rutherford's Creek. December 20 and 21, in camp near Rutherford's Creek. December 22, marched to camp near Franklin; ordered to be in readiness to cross pontoon bridge at 7.30; remained on pike all night; marched one mile. December 23, went into park near pontoon bridge; ordered to cross at dark; got one piece across, when bridge became impassable and was not repaired that night. December 24, crossed remainder of battery over Duck River, and marched to camp near Lynnville. December 25, marched to Pulaski. December 26 to 31, in camp at Pulaski.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,SAMUEL CANBY,

First Lieutenant, Fourth U. S. Artillery, Commanding Battery M.

Lieutenant G. W. JAMES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Artillery Brigade,

Fourth Army Corps, Department of the Cumberland.

No. 96. Report of Major General John M. Schofield, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Ohio.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Columbia, Tenn., December 31, 1864.

GENERAL: In accordance with the desire of the major-general commanding, I have the honor to report the operations of the troops under

