
The officers of my staff were then, as always, active and efficient, discharging every duty with honor and credit.

The commanding general's orders for the pursuit of the enemy placed my corps in rear of the entire army and the main portion of its trains. I was, therefore, able to do no more than follow slowly in rear from the 17th until the 26th, when I was ordered to halt at Columbia, my troops not being needed in advance. On the 30th I received the order of the commanding general, announcing that the rebel army had been driven entirely across the Tennessee River, and ordering the pursuit to cease.

I inclose herewith report of Brigadier General J. D. Cox, commanding temporarily Twenty-third Army Corps, of the operations during the retreat from Pulaski, including the battle of Franklin, and the reports of his subordinate commanders; also the reports of Generals Couch and Cox of the operations of their divisions during the battles of December 15 and 16, including lists of killed and wounded.

No report has yet been received from Major-General Stanley [he being absent wounded] of the operations of the Fourth Corps while the troops in the field were under my command. The numbers of killed, wounded, and missing furnished by the division commanders are embraced in my report of the battle of Franklin.

I also append hereto copies of orders and correspondence relative to operations of the troops under my command, which are made part of this report.*

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Washington, D. C., January 31, 1865.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,Adjutant General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward to the War Department nine stand of colors captured from the enemy by the Twenty-third Army Corps at the battle of Franklin on the 30th of November, 1864. They are borne by the gallant soldiers who are recognized among their comrades as the actual captors of the flags, and as the representatives of the noble regiments to which they belong. The following are the names of the soldiers to whom this special honor is accorded: Major Ed. E. Mullenix, One hundred and seventy-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry; Captain John H. Brown,+ Company D, Twelfth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry; Captain George V. Kelley,+ Company A, One hundred and fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry; Lieutenant W. H. Langstaff, Company E, One hundred and seventy-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry; Corpl. Joseph Davis,+ Company C, One hundred and fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry; Corpl. Newton H. Hall,+ Company I, One hundred and fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry; Private John H. Ricksecker,+ Company D, One hundred and

---------------

*Orders and correspondence not found with original report on file in the War Department.

+Awarded a Medal of Honor.

---------------

