
fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry; Privates Abraham Greenwalt* and John C. Gaunt,* Company G, One hundred and fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

These flags, with eleven others, were captured by the Twenty-third Army Corps along its parapets. They afford at the same time evidence of the strength of the enemy's column of attack, and of its disastrous repulses.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

No. 97. Reports of Brigadier General Jacob D. Cox, U. S. Army, commanding Twenty-third Army Corps, of operations November 30, 1864.

HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS, Nashville, Tenn., December 2, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following preliminary report of the battle of Franklin, fought on the 30th ultimo:

My division reached Franklin an hour before daybreak on the morning of the 30th of November, having marched from Columbia during the night and being in advance of the army from Thompson's Station. At daybreak I received orders from Major-General Schofield, commanding the army, to take command of both divisions of the Twenty-third Corps and put them in position covering the town and the passage of the army trains, &amp;c., to the north bank of the Harpeth River. The Third Division was put in on the left of the Franklin pike, reaching from that road across the Lewisburg pike to the river, Reilly's brigade on the right, Casement's in the center, and Henderson's [Colonel I. N. Stiles temporarily commanding] on the left. The Second Division occupied the ground from the Franklin pie toward the right, reaching to the Carter's Creek pike, Strickland's brigade on the left and Moore's on the right. About noon General Kimball, commanding First Division, Fourth Corps, reported to me, by order of the commanding general, and was put in on the right of the Second Division, Twenty-third Corps, covering the ground to the river on the right, having two brigades in line and one in reserve. At 1 o'clock General Wagner, commanding Second Division, Fourth Corps, reported to me, his division being then the rear guard of the army, two brigades [Bradley's and Lane's] being deployed across the Columbia pike on which the enemy were advancing, and one [Opdycke's] being in reserve in the town of Franklin. General Wagner informed me that he was already under orders to keep out the two brigades till the enemy should make an advance in line in force, when he was to retire skirmishing, and become a reserve for the line established by me.

The artillery of my division, under Captain Cockerill, Battery D, First Ohio Light Artillery, was in the fort on the north bank of the Harpeth, and Captain Bridges was ordered by the commanding general to report to me with three batteries of the Fourth Corps. These were stationed as follows: One section light 12's commanding the Lewisburg pike, one section light 12's and a battery of inch ordnance guns on the left of the Columbia pike, and one battery light 12's on the right

---------------

*Awarded a Medal of Honor.

---------------

