
of the Columbia pike. One other battery light 12's was subsequently sent to the Carter's Creek pike and worked on that part of the line. At about 2 o'clock the enemy were seen advancing, deployed in three lines, which, as they passed the range of hills before the town and came into full view in the open ground, were plainly seen to extend from the river on their right nearly or quite to the Carter's Creek pike on their left. The fact was reported to the general commanding, as well as the dispositions of our own troops as they then were, and his orders received in reference to holding the position. At 3 o'clock the enemy engaged the two brigades of Wagner's division, which, in accordance with orders, fell leisurely back within our lines, and the action became general along the entire front. The left of Strickland's brigade, Second Division, twenty-third Corps, was somewhat confused, some new troops there not understanding the movement of Wagner's division, and one or two regiments partially retiring with them. The enemy were at this tie pressing vigorously in masses, and some of their troops reached and passed the parapet at that point. Opdycke's brigade, Second Division, Fourth Corps, was immediately ordered up and came gallantly on the charge, driving the enemy back and restoring the line. Major-General Stanley, who had been ill during the forenoon, came up with Opdycke's brigade and assumed command of the troops o the Fourth Corps. At every other point of the line the enemy were repulsed, though they renewed the charge again and again. They stubbornly persisted in assaulting after dark, and at intervals the firing was very hot till 10 o'clock in the evening. At midnight the command was quietly withdrawn to the north bank of the Harpeth without opposition.

Very respectfully your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Ohio.

HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS, Clifton, Tenn., January 10, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Twenty-third Army Corps in the battle the U. S. forces, under Major-General Schofield, and the rebel army, under General Hood, at Franklin, Tenn., on the 30th day of November, 1864:

My own division [Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps] reached Franklin about an hour before daybreak on the morning of the 30th, having marched from Columbia, twenty-two miles, during the night. The division was halted and massed on the ground upon which the battle was fought, and the men were allowed to cook their breakfast whilst the trains which were following filed past into the town. General Schofield, being with the head of the column, after an examination of the means of crossing the army to the north side of the Harpeth River, informed me that the means were so inadequate as to demand his immediate personal attention, and ordered that I assume command of the corps and put it in position to cover the crossing of the remainder of the army to the north bank of the river. The whole command was moving in from Columbia and Spring Hill by the turnpike leading from those places to Franklin, and the enemy was known to be following with his infantry by the same route, his cavalry being chiefly upon the

