
ball, commanding First Division, Fourth Corps, reported to me by order, and I directed him to go into position on General Ruger's right, filling the space between the Carter's Creek pike and the river.

At 2 o'clock I received orders to withdraw the command to the north bank of the river at 6 o'clock in case there should be no attack by the enemy. At this time nearly the whole of the trains and Wood's (Third) division, of the Fourth Corps, had crossed the Harpeth. Shortly after Brigadier-General Wagner, commanding Second Division, Fourth Corps, presented in person his orders to report to me and act under my orders. He informed me that one brigade (Opdycke's) of his division was already within the lines, and that the other two, with a section of artillery, had been acting as rear guard for the army and were then some two miles at the rear, where the Columbia pike passes through a high range of hills before reaching the plateau on which the village stands; that his orders then were to hold the enemy back until they developed a heavy force manifestly superior to his own, and then slowly retire within my lines. I directed Opdycke's brigade to be placed on the right of the Columbia pike, about 200 yards in rear of our center, as a general reserve; that the orders under which General Wagner was then acting as to the two bridges serving as rear guard should be carried out, and that when the troops were withdrawn within the lines they should be placed in position near Opdycke's brigade and held in reserve awaiting further orders, and in readiness to support any part of the line. At 3 o'clock the two brigades of Wagner's division in front had fallen back to a position about half a mile in front of the lines and reported the enemy developing in force in their front, whilst they opened upon the rebels with the section of artillery which was with them. The order was then reiterated to General Wagner to withdraw the brigades whenever the enemy appeared to be advancing in decidedly superior force, without allowing his troops to become seriously engaged. General Wagner was at that time in person upon the Columbia pike near the Carter house, where my headquarters had been during the day.

A slight depression beyond the lines held by Wagner's advanced brigades prevented the enemy from being seen from our lines till about 4 o'clock, when the officers on the skirmish line reported him advancing in several lines and in very great force. Almost simultaneously with this report the two brigades of Wagner's division in front opened a brisk musketry fire, and part of them were seen making a barricade of rails, &amp;c., apparently with a view of endeavoring to make a stand there, though the section of artillery retired leisurely within our lines. Before an order could reach them they were so hotly engaged that they could not be withdrawn in order. The enemy wasted no time in firing, but charged them, and being enveloped on the flanks, the two brigades, after a short and brave, though useless, struggle, broke to the rear in confusion. The momentary check at the center brought the right wing of the enemy farther forward, and they came on at a double-quick with trailed arms, some pieces of artillery advancing and firing between brigade intervals. As soon as they were seen the batteries on our left opened upon them, as well as the guns in Fort Granger, and as they advanced into rifle range of our infantry, Stiles' and Casement's brigades opened fire also. The rebel lines could now be plainly seen, as well as the general disposition and apparent purpose of their movement. Their heaviest masses were advancing on the line of the Columbia pike, reaching quite to the river on our left, the two points of assault at that time being apparently our center and our extreme left;

