
on the right of Strickland's brigade also, though the enemy continued to occupy in some force a portion of the outside of the parapet on Strickland's left for a distance of about one regimental front. Opdycke's brigade occupied the second line, which at that point was not over twenty-five yards in rear of the first, and under cover of the smoke strengthened a barricade and breast-work which had been before there. The One hundred and seventy-fifth Ohio Volunteers, a new regiment, unassigned to a brigade, had reported early in the afternoon by direction of the commanding general, and was by me temporarily assigned to Reilly's brigade and placed in reserve. It also advanced with the rest of the supporting troops and did good service, behaving with great steadiness and courage. The attack extended toward our right to the Carter's Creek pike. The enemy, being apparently satisfied of the impracticability of advancing again upon our left for the reason before stated, pressed farther to our right, and especially after they had seemed to have gained farther to our right and especially after they had seemed to have gained some advantage in the center, their efforts there and upon their own left were redoubled. Colonel Moore's brigade held its ground firmly, and although it was in imminent danger at the moment when the center wavered, repulsed a determined assault, and preserved its line intact throughout the battle. The condition of the atmosphere was such that the smoke settled upon the field without drifting off, and after the first half hour's fighting it became almost impossible to discern any object along the line at a few yards' distance. This state of things appeared to have deceived Colonel Strickland in regard to his line, as he reported the first line completely reoccupied along his entire front after the repulse of the enemy's first assault, whilst in fact a portion of it at his left was not filled by our troops, and Colonel Opdycke, not being personally acquainted with the lines was not aware for some time that he had not reached the first line in Colonel Strickland's front, when the outbuildings of Carter's house prevented the line from being distinctly seen from the turnpike even if the smoke had not formed so dark a covering.

After a short lull the attack was resumed by the enemy with the same audacity and determination as before, and Strickland's [brigade] suffering considerably, and being reported by him a good deal weakened, I withdrew the One hundred and twelfth Illinois Volunteers from the second line of Stiles' brigade on the extreme left and ordered it to report to Colonel Strickland and to aid in re-establishing the line in his front. It was led forward very gallantly by Lieutenant-Colonel Bond commanding, who was wounded in the advance. The smoke and growing darkness deceived also the enemy, who apparently supposed they had gained full possession of our lines in the center and continued to push in fresh masses of troops, only to be destroyed or captured, for very few went back, insomuch that prisoners captured continually expressed the utmost surprise, declaring that they supposed and had been informed that our lines were occupied by their troops, which had assaulted before, and of whom nothing since had been seen. The ditches in front of the whole line of the corps, and particularly in the center, contained many of the enemy who were unable to get back, and who at the first opportunity, surrendered and came over the breast-works as prisoners. The assaults on the center extending considerably to the right of the Columbia pike and involving Moore's brigade more or less, were obstinately repeated until night-fall, and even as late as 9 o'clock attacks were made, which were, however, easily repulsed, and the enemy withdrew the remnants of his shattered lines to the position occupied at the opening of the battle by Wagner's division in advance of our lines about 800 yards. Alarms occurred fre-

