
number of prisoners captured by this corps was 702. Thus, without estimating the prisoners taken by any part of the Fourth Corps, or the stragglers and deserters, who are known to have been numerous, the enemy's loss was not less than 6,300. The attack was made by Stewart's and Cheatham's corps of Hood's army, Lee's corps being in reserve, and it is only repeating what is proven by the concurrent testimony of all officers and men of the rebel army who were captured, when I assert that the two assaulting corps were so weakened in numbers and broken in morale in this engagement as to lose for the rest of the campaign the formidable character as opponents which these veteran soldiers had before maintained. Their remarkable loss in general officers attests sufficiently the desperate efforts to break our lines, and the heroic bravery of our own troops, who repulsed their repeated assaults.

I beg leave to refer to the brigade and division reports, forwarded herewith, for special mention of officers and men who particularly distinguished themselves. I will here notice, however, the gallant conduct of Colonel Thomas J. Henderson of the One hundred and twelfth Illinois Volunteers, commander of the Third Brigade, Third Division, who, although so ill in the morning as to be obliged to transfer the brigade command to Colonel Stiles,could not remain absent from the field and was particularly noticeable by his efforts to encourage the men and direct their fire throughout the heat of the engagement. Lieutenant James Coughlan, of the Twenty-fourth Kentucky Volunteers, my aide-de-camp, was instantly killed while assisting to rally the men at the center during the confusion incident to the first assault. He was a young officer of peculiar promise, his intelligence and zeal being rarely matched; his loss is a severe one to the army as well as to me personally. I beg leave also to make special mention of Major T. T. Dow, acting assistant inspector-general, upon my staff, and Lieuts. E. E. Tracy and D. C. Bradley my aides, whose activity and courage were conspicuous in rallying the troops at the critical time referred to.

Among the trophies of the battle are twenty-two battle-flags captured from the enemy, of which eighteen were taken by Reilly's brigade, of the Third Division.

The transmission of this report has been delayed by reason of waiting for reports of subordinate commanders, and the whole are now submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Ohio.

Numbers 98. Abstract from journal of Brigadier General Jacob D. Cox, U. S. Army, commanding Twenty-third Army Corps (temporarily) and Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps.

Monday, November 14. - Leave Strickland's brigade at Columbia, and march to Lynnville eighteen miles. It was formerly a village of about thirty houses, most of which were burned a week ago by the Tenth Tennessee Cavalry in revenge for being fired upon by some rebel guerrillas in the neighborhood. The open, cultivated, country ends about

