
ten miles below Columbia, and a rough, hilly country covered with forrest begins; the narrow valleys of small streams are tilled and appear to be rich and productive.

Tuesday, November 15. - Heavy rain comes on in the night and continues through the day. March to Pigeon Creek, two miles from Pulaski; meet General Schofield, and ride with him about three miles west from the turnpike to examine the position; put the division in camp at crossing of the creek by the pike; headquarters established in dooryard of Mrs. Allen.

Wednesday, November 16. - Heavy rain continues; camp very muddy and uncomfortable. When we were ordered from Columbia Hood was supposed to be moving northward, and a attack was anticipated. Later news shows that he has not changed his position, the alarm being caused by some reconnaissances made by him. Not more than one corps of his army is believed to be north of the Tennessee at Florence, and his golden opportunity to take us at disadvantage is past.

Thursday, November 17.- Clear, but weather manifestly unsettled. Colonel Opdycke comes over and dines with me, and we chat about home, &amp;c.; the only old friend from Warren I have met in a long time. Rain begins again in the evening. * * *

Friday, November 18. - Steady rain again preventing our moving camp as intended.

Saturday, November 19. - Still rains; not pouring, but drizzling and misting. Our tents, which we still live, in are far from comfortable, but we are not camped where house-room can be got, and in that respect have not the advantages of the division commanders of the Fourth Corps, who are all nicely quartered in town.

Sunday, November 20. - Still rain, unceasing. News that Forrest is moving northward with heavy force of cavalry: ordered to be ready for immediate movement; roads horrible, and our wagon transportation has not overtaken us yet since we left it at Dalton, Ga; ride into town in the rain to consult General Schofield.

Monday, November 21. - No movement yet. Forrest has not yet fairly started, and this weather ought to prevent him. Flurry of driving snow all the morning, partly melting as it falls, and sharp wind all day with mixture of snow squalls; the camp in most uncomfortable position and condition.* * *

Tuesday, November 22. - A very sharp, cold morning. Moved my command to Lynnville, reports showing the enemy at Lawrenceburg; reached Lynnville by noon, walking most of the way on foot to keep warm; put Reilly across Lawrenceburg road and Henderson and Casement covering Columbia pike; Wagner's division, Fourth Corps, follows and covers roads south.

Wednesday, November 23. - General Schofield comes up at noon and orders my command up to crossing of Mount Pleasant and Shelbyville road, ten miles. Start at 3 and make the distance by 6, and go into camp, covering the crossing. Rebs apparently pushing for Columbia by Mount Pleasant; our cavalry driven back nearly half way from Mount Pleasant to Columbia.

Thursday, November 24. - Ordered to move at 4 for Columbia; started at once; dark and cold; reached Columbia at 7.30 o'clock, cutting across to the Mount Pleasant pike, two miles from town, just in time to interpose between our retreating cavalry and the pursuing enemy; go into position-Reilly on right, Henderson center, and Casement left; lively skirmish, but we checked the rebs, without loss on our side; Fourth Corps comes up three hours later, and we take up line of works covering whole front of town; headquarters at Mrs. Martin's.

