
Friday, November 25. - Rebs under Forrest withdrew at night, but drive in again this morning. They make a vigorous reconnaissance of our line in my front commencing about noon, but were repulsed easily. My loss only about fifteen. New interior line of works made. Fourth Corps, except Wood's division, go into [them], and my command, except Henderson's brigade, ordered north of river, those troops being left to support the picket-line, which remains where it was. Enemy's infantry rumored moving east.

Saturday, November 26. - My movement last night ordered to be made after that of Fourth Corps, and did not begin till nearly 1 this morning. Crossing the pontoon bridge was slow work in the night, and it was past 3 before troops were bivouacked and trains parked a mile from the bridge. Enemy make pretty vigorous reconnaissance at daylight, but our troops hold the old line as an advanced line. Rain set in just as we moved.

Sunday, November 27. - Rainy and unpleasant. Evacuation of Columbia begun last night, but the difficulty of passing trains, &amp;c., over the pontoon bridge at the new place near the railroad bridge prevented its completion till to-night, when it begins at 7 o'clock. Rebels are evidently well aware of what is going on, and charge the lines as the pickets are withdrawn, but are easily repulsed, and do not attempt further interruption. One span of railroad bridge and the pontoons destroyed.

Monday, November 28. - Rebels push into the town at daybreak, and attempt to get command of the ford in my front causing a lively combat across the river with artillery and musketry. My position within the long bend of the river is an unsafe one, as the commanding ground is on the south side and gives a cross-fire upon the tongue of land I occupy. As yet, however, I have made my fire the hottest, and command the ford. The Fourth Corps comes into position on good ground in rear, and Henderson's brigade reports to me again.

Tuesday, November 29. - Rebels reported crossing two corps at Huey's Ford, five miles above, having driven away our cavalry and laid a pontoon. Wagner's division, Fourth Corps, move to Spring Hill, where they have a lively engagement with advance of enemy. Kimball's and Wood's division, of Fourth Corps, and Ruger's division, of ours, arranged in echelon, connecting with Wagner's. I hold the ford till night, having a sharp affair, losing about 75 men but holding the enemy from crossing the remaining corps, which, with all their artillery, is in town. March at 7, leaving out pickets till midnight.

Wednesday, November 30. - Battle of Franklin. Reached Franklin before day, having marched twenty miles during the night passing the rest of the army on the way. No means for crossing Harpeth River, and I am ordered to take both divisions Twenty-third Corps and hold a line above the town till the trains and the rest of the army are over. Enemy follows close, and two divisions of Fourth Corps- Kimball's and Wagner's-are ordered to report to me. Enemy assault at 3.30 p.m. Gain some temporary advantage in the center at first, but are soon repulsed, with terrible slaughter. We held the lines till midnight. My aide, Lieutenant Coughlan, killed.

Thursday, December 1. - Moved at midnight without interruption from the enemy and take the advance to Brentwood. A little cannonade in our rear, but the rebels do not follow in force. We remain at Brentwood two hours, till all but Wood's division, Fourth Corps, have passed; then march to Nashville, and go into camp between Forts Negley and Morton. My division captured 22 battle-flags yesterday. Our

