
loss in my division, 303 killed, wounded, and missing. Whole loss of the army, about 2,000, of which most was in Wagner's division, which was driven in from the front in confusion.

Friday, December 2. - No change. Enemy's cavalry move up, but their infantry do not appear. The battle of the 30th universally regarded as one of the severest of the war. Enemy's loss not less than 6,000, and probably more. My personal loss in the death of Lieutenant Coughlan is very great. He was one of the noblest young soldiers I have ever known. The only comforting thought is that he wished to die so, having a constitutional disease which gave him little hope for long continued life or vigor of mind.

Saturday, December 3. - Rebels move up and take position across Franklin and Granny White pikes. We have been re-enforced by Sixteenth Corps, under A. J. Smith, and a body of troops under Steedman, making us so strong that we are confident the rebels will not venture to assault. Our troops are put at work making lines of trenches, covered by abatis, &amp;c. Fort Negley, the Casino, and Fort Morton are within my lines. My headquarters established at Mrs. Bilbo's,just in rear of Fort Morton.

Sunday, December 4. - No change, except that the rebels have extended their lines and advanced their pickets somewhat.

Monday, December 5. - Rebels make demonstration and advance their lines on the Franklin pike much nearer to the Fourth Corps front than before. Some of their infantry extend across to the Nolensville pike, nearly two miles in my front, where they intrench. Some cannonading and skirmishing, but no serious fighting. * * *

Tuesday, December 6. - Ordered to be ready at noon for a demonstration in anticipation of our forces attacking on our right. After reconnaissance General Thomas postpones the movement. Rebels evidently shifting to their right, so that their heaviest masses appear to be in my front, across the Nolensville pike, extending to the Franklin pike. Skirmishers keep up a lively fire and occasional cannonade. * * *

Wednesday, December 7. - No apparent change. General Couch assigned to Second Division. As he is a major-general, I am no longer the second in rank in the corps. Weather changes; threatens rain in the morning, then blows off cold and clear.

Thursday, December 8. - Freezing sleet and snow, covering the ground with ice, and making movements impracticable. No change in position.

Friday, December 9. - Weather severely cold. Position as before.

Saturday, December 10. - No change, either in weather or position. We hear that Sherman has passed Millen, Ga., without serious resistance and look for him to make the coast soon.

Sunday, December 11. - Weather the same. A deserter reports two divisions of the rebels gone to try to take Murfreesborough and that they are expecting to evacuate their present lines. Movement of our forces prepared for first opportunity. Ground too slippery to move trains or artillery.

Monday, December 12. - Weather the same - very sharp and severe. Deserter reports a new line prepared a mile or two in rear of their present one, which the enemy are about to occupy. Some movement visible toward our left, and their pickets are partially retired. Their main force apparently not much changed, though part of it has probably occupied the line spoken of by the deserter. No movement on our part.

