
Tuesday, December 13. - Weather begins to moderate. Some appearance of rain, but the ice has not yet thawed off the roads and the surface of the ground. No change in the military situation.

Wednesday, December 14. - Orders, to be ready for movement to-morrow. Steady thawing to-day, changing everything to a sea of mud. Call on General Schofield in the evening and get instructions. Steedman will relieve us at daylight; Couch's division will support Smith on the Hardin pike, nine will support Fourth Corps on the Hillsborough pike, Wilson's cavalry will push beyond Smith's right, and a strong effort will be made to turn the enemy's left flank.

Thursday, December 15. - Battle of Nashville. Movement begun as ordered. The preliminary movements go slowly, and it is almost noon before Smith and Wilson are ready for any serious advance. Meanwhile Steedman makes demonstration on our left, which draws a brisk cannonade from the enemy's right. Afternoon, Smith and Wilson push in; we move by their rear to their extreme right near the Hardin pike, then swing in beyond the enemy's flank. The whole line advances with sharp fighting. Several earth-works and 17 cannon captured.

Friday, December 16. - Battle of Nashville. The success of yesterday followed up. The enemy are steadily pressed during the day till 4 p.m., when McArthur's division, of Smith's command, my division, and part of Wilson's dismounted cavalry charge the enemy's line, which is broken, and their left (Cheatham's corps) routed, with loss of 20 cannon and about 5,000 prisoners. My division captured 8 guns in the works charged and carried by them. The enemy retreat in disorder, but night covers them.

Saturday, December 17. - The chase followed up. Our movement last night brought us to the Granny White pike, we moved south on it, following Smith's corps; Fourth Corps moves on Franklin pike, cavalry in advance. About 1,000 more prisoners captured and a number of guns, making about 50 in all taken. We camp between the two turnpikes, near Brentwood. Enemy retreat beyond Franklin, which is occupied by our cavalry.

Sunday, December 18. - Marched from camp to Franklin, and camp on north side of river. Severe rain storm ever since the battle, and our movement having taken us away from our wagons, we have passed two nights in the storm without any shelter whatever, the most uncomfortable bivouacs I have yet experienced. The chase is very slow, as the army and all the train are confined to one road, the Franklin pike being the only practicable one, others are impassable from the mud.

Monday, December 19. - Enemy reported crossing Duck River. We wait in a hard storm all day for our turn to cross the Harpeth. Visit the battle-field of the 30th ultimo and the family of Mr. Carter, with whom I made headquarters that day. Get many incidents of the day after the battle and evidence of the severe punishment inflicted on the rebels. Camp my division just in front of our old lines near the Lewisburg pike. Second Division has been in advance three days.

Tuesday, December 20.- March at 8 a.m., taking advance of our corps and reaching Spring Hill at 2 p.m. where we encamp. Enemy's rear guard still at Duck River on Columbia side. Our troops waiting for pontoon train which passes this evening. The cold rain storm still continues, changing to sleet this evening. Reilly and Henderson went home on leave on 15th; Colonel Doolittle took First Brigade, Colonel Stiles Third, on that day.

Wednesday, December 21. - Still at Spring Hill. Fourth Corps getting down pontoons and preparing to cross Duck River. Very cold and

