
snowy. Have comfortable quarters at Mr. John Cheons', a rebel "sympathizer," who, however, is quite willing to get all the protection possible for his property. Send detachment of 1,000 men to build bridge over Rutherford's Creek and a regiment to repair the road between here and there.

Thursday, December 22, - Spring Hill. No change and no special news from the front. Bridges progressing but the horrible weather makes everything more slowly. Fourth Corps crosses into Columbia to-day.

Friday, December 23. - March to the Duck River, opposite Columbia, and make headquarters at Mrs. Porter's, where we were on 28th, and 29th of November. Troops very nearly in the positions they occupied on those days. Cavalry crossing all day. Sixteenth Corps encamped just in front of us.

Saturday, December 24. - QQuite unwell all day with nausea and diarrhea; keep quiet, having nothing to do. Cavalry and their trains with those of Fourth Corps crossing. Weather clear but sharp. Skirmishing between our advance and the enemy's rear guard near Lynnville. Three pieces of artillery found in the river abandoned by the rebels. Over sixty pieces have now been taken since we left Nashville.

Sunday, December 25. - Christmas. Not very well, but feeling better. Sixteenth Corps over the river and their trains crossing. Casement's brigade sent over to garrison the town and keep order, some disturbance and pillage by our troops having been reported.* * *

Monday, December 26. - Quite sick all night, and to-day put myself under Surgeon Frink's care. * * * Move the command across the river and encamp on Pulaski pike about a mile beyond town. Move over myself in the afternoon and make headquarters at Mr. Vaught's.

Tuesday, December 27. - Keep my room, but convalescing rapidly. Prospect of our command remaining here some days, as our trains are needed to help supply the troops already at the front. Hood is making for Lamb's Ferry, near Mussel Shoals. All reports show his army in terribly demoralized condition. News received that Sherman has Savannah- "The beginning of the end."

Wednesday, December 28. - No change in situation. Meet Generals Couch and Ruger at General Schofield's in regard to organizing new division of the corps. It is finally concluded not to disturb the old ones but make the new division of new troops. * * *

Thursday, December 29. - Still in camp. Make application for leave of absence. * * * Hood supposed to be over the Tennessee.

Friday, December 30.- Orders for Twenty-third Corps to march to Dalton, Ga., to go into winter quarters there. A beautiful march of 150 miles in prospect. My leave granted, and I am waiting only for report of Second Division of battle of Franklin, in order that I may make up that of the corps. Quite unwell.

Saturday, December 31.- Order to go to Dalton countermanded and all uncertain as to our course now. Weather rainy, changing to snow. Report not in yet, and I am still delayed.

Sunday, January 1, 1865. - Columbia, Tenn. Orders received for command to move to-morrow to Mount Pleasant, and thence to the Tennessee River to take part in the further operations against Hood. Under the circumstances, I conclude that it is my duty to go with the command and not take advantage of the leave of absence which I have in my pocket. I had intended to start in the morning, but shall now turn southward. It is very doubtful whether it will be possible for us to do much, but so long as the Government thinks it necessary to continue active operations, I will stay with the army and see what can be done.

