
evening now turns to rain. General Ruger's division not heard from. It turned off from the road I took, upon one leading to the Laurel Hill Factory, said to be the best road between Mount Pleasant and Waynesborough.

Friday, January 6. - March at daybreak on the Clifton turnpike. Hard rain all day, turning to sleet and snow in the p.m. The wind rose about noon, and it became very cold, making this one of the most disagreeable marches we have ever had. My headquarters last night in Waynesborough were at the house of a Mrs. Anderson. The poor woman had just heard that her husband had been murdered on his way home from Nashville. The report seemed to me to lack evidence, and I tried to console her with the belief that it was probably a false rumor. We find two divisions of the Sixteenth Corps (A. J. Smith's) at Clifton waiting for steam-boats to take them up the river, so I put my troops in camp about one mile and a half from the Tennessee. Pitch tents in a snow-storm, there being no houses in the neighborhood which can accommodate us. The village of Clifton is said to have been a flourishing one formerly, but was burned last summer in the guerrilla warfare between the loyal citizens and the rebels. Two or three houses are all that now remain of the town. Couch's division stops at Waynesborough; Ruger's had not yet got up when I left. General Schofield is also at that place, but expects to come up to-morrow. There is a report that we shall go to Eastport, in Mississippi on the Tennessee River, and there go into winter quarters; if so, I may get the advantage of my leave of absence yet.

Saturday, January 7. - In camp near Clifton. No news from either up or down the river. General Schofield comes up shortly after noon, and also goes into tents, instead of finding a house, as he has been accustomed to do. The plan of our campaign is not yet developed as to direction or objective aim. If we concentrate near Eastport, as we now have orders to do, it would appear probable that we shall advance along the Mobile railroad to Meridian and then to Selma. We hear nothing of Hood, who is sometimes reported at Corinth and sometimes farther south. The snow which fell last night has nearly all melted off to-day under a clear sky and bright sunshine.

Sunday, January 8, - Steam-boats come to-day to take the remaining Sixteenth Corps to Eastport. Three gun-boats come with them. Rear-Admiral Lee called upon me with General Schofield. * * * We shall probably be detained here until these boats can go up the river and return. The weather has been cold and clear for the past two days. The Second Division of the corps (Major-General Couch) came up to-day and encamped in our rear; the First Division (Brigadier-General Ruger) not yet up.

Tuesday, January 10. - No change since Sunday. A severe storm set in last night, raining heavily, with thunder and lightning; this morning it turns to snow; a most disagreeable day. General Couch moves his division down to the river in expectation of transports, but they do not come yet. The troops would have been much better off in their old camps till the boats had actually come. No news whatever from Hood as to his whereabouts. * * * The First Division came up last night and encamped on the old ground left by Couch's division.

Friday, January 13. - The past two days have been fair and fine; Wednesday was very unpleasant. We are still waiting for transports to take us up the Tennessee. Not even Couch's division, which was to precede us, is off yet, and it is doubtful when the boats may be expected. * * * We have had no communication with the lower river yet, and

