
no mails since leaving Columbia. As we now think it likely we shall stay some time at Eastport, we are not sorry to spend it here, where we have a tolerably good camp for the troops. It is reported that Eastport is a far worse place than this.

Sunday, January 15. - Orders received to move our troops to Annapolis, Md., with expectation that we shall go to Sherman, in Georgia. I start this evening in advance, and shall get a few days at home before the troops catch up with me. We go by steamer down the Tennessee and Ohio to Cairo, and thence by rail home. Notice of promotion to major-general received.

Numbers 99. Reports of Brigadier General Thomas H. Ruger, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of operations November 30, 1864

HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,

Columbia, Tenn., December 31, 1864

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, in the battle fought at Franklin, Tenn., November 30, 1864, between the forces of the United States, commanded by Major-General Schofield, and the rebel army, under General Hood:

The division arrived at Franklin soon after daylight on the 30th of November, 1864, having marched during the night from Spring Hill, and had been for several days previously almost constantly either marching or working in throwing up breast-works at Columbia, Tenn., and at Duck River, near the railroad bridge. On arriving at Franklin I received orders from Major-General Schofield to report to Brigadier-General Cox, commanding Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, and for the time being in command of the corps, for assignment to position. I was directed by Brigadier-General Cox, commanding corps, to place my division in position next on the right of the Third Division at the Columbia turnpike. I placed the division in the position indicated, the Third Brigade, Colonel S. A. Strickland, Fiftieth Ohio Volunteers commanding, on the left of the division, and next on the right of the Third Division, its left resting on the Columbia turnpike, on a hill of moderate elevation just at the outskirts of the village of Franklin, and the Second Brigade, Colonel Orlando H. Moore, Twenty-fifth Michigan Volunteers, commanding on the right of the Third Brigade. The right of the Second Brigade rested on the Carter's Creek turnpike. The Third Brigade was in two lines formation; the Second Brigade in single line formation. Breast-works were at once commenced along the whole line and completed about 2 p.m. The general line of our forces was that of an are of a circle, with the convexity toward the enemy. Immediately in front of the line the ground was open, the left of the line commanding the ground in its front; in front of the center of the line; and distant about 150 yards, was a slight elevation; in front of the right of the line distant about 250 yards, there was a ravine, which could not be swept by the fire from the line, extending diagonally to the front and left and departing from the line; in front of a portion of the division line, near the left, was a small locust grove, which was felled, forming a fair abatis in front of that portion of the line; a slight obstruction was also made by cutting a row of fruit trees that

