
The First Brigade of the division, Brigadier-General Cooper commanding, and the Ninety-first Indiana Volunteers, Colonel John Mehringer commanding, and One hundred and twenty-third Indiana Volunteers, Colonel J. C. McQuiston commanding, were not present with the division at this battle having been previously detached to guard the fords on Duck Creek below Columbia, and did not rejoin the division until after its arrival at Nashville, Tenn. The Seventy-second Illinois Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel J. Stockton commanding and Forty-fourth Missouri Volunteers, Colonel R. C. Bradshaw commanding, were temporarily assigned to the division and attached to the Third Brigade. Both regiments did efficient service. Colonel Bradshaw fell severely wounded while in the act of leading his men in the endeavor to force back the enemy in his front. Also at about the same time Lieutenant-Colonel Stockton and Major James, of the Seventy-second Illinois Volunteers, were wounded and disabled.

The section of the Twentieth Ohio Battery, Lieutenant Hadley [Burdick?] commanding, fought gallantly. Lieutenant Hadley [Burdick?] was mortally wounded, also his orderly sergeant. I regret that I have no official report from this section, which was only temporarily under my command. The conduct of Lieutenant Hadley [Burdick?] and of his sergeant, whose name I do not know, was represented as most gallant.

I was indebted to Brigadier-General Kimball, commanding division of the Fourth Army Corps, next on my right, for the timely assistance of five companies of the One hundred and first Ohio Volunteers,

--------

commanding, which fought bravely and did efficient service. Colonel S. A. Strickland, commanding Third Brigade, and Colonel Orlando H. Moore, commanding Second Brigade, contributed much by their personal bravery and activity to the success of the division in resisting the enemy.

There were present on the field with me of my staff, Lieutenant, S. H. Hubbell, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant George L. Binney, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant E. G. Fay, aide-de-camp Captain Milholland, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain J. A. Lee, commissary of musters; Captain Spain, provost-marshal, and Lieutenant J. Clingman, ordnance officer, who rendered valuable assistance. Each did his duty bravely and faithfully. Surg. J. W. Lawton, U. S. Volunteers, medical director of the division, was present with the division and used all means at his disposal for the care and transportation of the wounded.

Accompanying are the reports of the brigade and regimental commanders, to which I respectfully refer for details of the part taken by the brigades and various regiments of the division in the battle. The losses of the division, as appear by the reports of brigade commanders, are as follows:

Killed Wounded Missing. Total

Command.	 Off	 Me	 Off	 Men	 Off	 Men	 Offi	 Men	 Aggre

 ice	 n	 ice	 	 ice	 	 cers	 	 gate

 rs	 	 rs	 	 rs

Second	 3	 18	 8	 81	 -	 12	 11	 11	 122

Brigade

Third	 6	 67	 19	 159	 2	 278	 27	 504	 531

Brigade

Total	 9	 85	 27	 240	 2	 290	 38	 615	 653

