
ion. I remained at Beard's Ferry until the morning of the 30th, when I received orders from General Ruger (dated November 29) to march to Franklin. I immediately sent orders to the two regiments at Centerville to join me at Killough's, five miles from Beard's Ferry. I marched to Killough's on the 30th and awaited the remainder of the brigade.

At 2 o'clock on the 1st of December I received a dispatch from General Thomas to march on the Nashville and Centerville road, and cross the Harpeth River at the Widow De Moss'. I immediately moved forward and crossed the Harpeth River over the iron bridge on the Hardin pike on the evening of December 2. I learned during the day from rebel deserters that our forces had fallen back from Franklin and Hood's army was probably on the road between me and Nashville, but I moved forward toward Nashville until I reached a high hill eight miles from the city, where I could distinctly see the enemy's camp-fires on both sides of the road between me and Nashville. I then reversed the order of march and moved across to the Charlotte pike, marching all night, and recrossed the Harpeth River at daylight on the morning of the 3rd. I reached Clarksville on the evening of the 5th, and remained there until the morning of the 7th, when I moved on the dirt road toward Nashville, and arrived there on the evening of the 8th, making in all a distance of 210 miles.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH A. COOPER,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Lieutenant S. H. HUBBELL,

Actq. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, 23rd Army Corps.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,Near Columbia, Tenn., December 23, 1864

SIR: In obedience to orders from division headquarters I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the First Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, in the engagement near Nashville, on the 15th and 16th instant:

In obedience to orders the brigade was in line ready to march at 5.30 a.m. of the 15th, but did not move until 8 a.m. I moved out in advance of the division on the Hardin pike, and formed line of battle on the left of that pike at right angles with the pike, facing west of south. I then moved forward in line of battle about three-quarters of a mile, throwing forward the right until the brigade faced east of south. Nothing of importance occurred until 1 p.m., when I was ordered to form on the right of General Smith, commanding Sixteenth Corps. I moved by the right flank until I passed General Smith's right, and then moved briskly forward to support the dismounted cavalry, who gallantly charged a strong position of the rebels in our front, and captured a number of prisoners and some artillery. I continued to move forward directly across the Hillsborough pike until in passing through an open field the enemy opened with artillery and musketry from a high hill in our immediate front. As soon as the rebel battery opened the men, without waiting for orders, commenced cheering and rushed forward, charging up the hill at double-quick. The lines were necessarily much broken, owing to the extreme difficulty of climbing the hill, but the men rushed forward as best they could and soon gained the top of the hill, and captured three pieces of artillery and a number of prisoners.

