
As we charged up the hill the enemy opened on us with musketry from a stone wall on our left flank, which enfiladed our entire line, and the Sixth Tennessee, Volunteer Infantry changed direction to the left, and charged the wall and captured about 150 prisoners, who were sent to the rear. The brigade took position on the crest of a hill, connecting with Colonel Moore, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, on the left,but without any connection on the right. The enemy still occupied a high hill on my right, and I refused the right of the brigade to protect that flank, and put out skirmishers and commenced building a line of works. Colonel Mehringer, commanding Third Brigade, joined on my right during the night, and connected his line of works with mine. In obedience to orders I sent two regiments--- One hundred and thirtieth Indiana and Ninety-ninth Ohio-to build a line of works on the right of Colonel Mehringer's brigade, and sent a detail of 100 men to build a fort on the right of my brigade. I kept strengthening my works during the night, and kept one-third of the command in line all of the time.

On the morning of the 16th I found the enemy strongly entrenched on a hill in my immediate front. Shots were exchanged between my skirmishers and those of the enemy, but without loss to us. The brigade was not otherwise engaged during this day. After the charge made by the Sixteenth Corps I moved forward in line of battle, as ordered, until I crossed the Granny White pike, where I camped for the night.

The officers, without exception, and the men, with few exceptions, behaved gallantly.

The following are the casualties of each regiment in the brigade:

Command.	 Killed.	 Wounded.

26th Kentucky Volunteer Infantry	 2	 44

6th Tennessee Volunteer Infantry	 1	 9

3rd Tennessee Volunteer Infantry	 3	 8

99th Ohio Volunteer Infantry	 -	 7

130th Indiana Volunteer Infantry	 1	 9

25th Michigan Volunteer Infantry	 -	 5

Total	 7	 82

All of which is respectfully submitted.

JOSEPH A. COOPER,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant S. H. HUBBELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 102. Report of Colonel Charles S. Parrish, One hundred and thirtieth Indiana Infantry, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS 130TH INDIANA INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Columbia, Tenn., December 22, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command during the operations of the 15th and 16th instant:

On the morning of the 15th I was ordered into line a few rods outside of the works surrounding Nashville supported on the right by the Twenty-fifth Regiment Michigan Infantry, on the left by the Sixth Ten-

