
nessee Infantry. After marching some four miles toward the Hardin pike and crossing the same, formed in line of battle, and commenced moving down a steep hill toward the enemy's line; when near the foot of the hill the enemy were observed in the act of planting artillery on a hill directly in our front, which soon opened on the line of the First Brigade, when, without any definite orders for that purpose, the whole line commenced moving rapidly and with enthusiasm toward the rebel guns. Owing to the rapid and difficult marching during the morning the line was not kept very perfect, yet the crest of the hill was gained and the pieces-three in number-captured by the First Brigade and a small number of dismounted cavalry. During this affair the following enlisted men of my command were killed and wounded.*

I was then ordered forward to the next hill, and ordered to throw up works, which was done, and skirmishers thrown out. At 10 p.m. was ordered to report with my command to Captain Milholland, and by him instructed to throw up another line of works fronting directly toward the south, supported on the left, by the One hundred and twenty-ninth Regiment Indiana Infantry Volunteers, Second Brigade, Second Division, and on the right by the One hundred and twenty-eighth Regiment Indiana Volunteers, [Third] Brigade, Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps. I remained in this position within range of the enemy's guns until late in the afternoon of the 16th instant, when ordered to move; marched three miles in line of battle; crossed the Granny White pike, and camped on the farm of W. McCormack Lea, where we remained until the morning of the 17t of December.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

C. S. PARRISH,

Colonel, Commanding 130th Indiana Volunteer Infantry.

Captain T. C. HONNELL,

Numbers 103. Report of Colonel Cicero Maxwell, Twenty-sixth Kentucky Infantry, of operations December 15-16, 1864.

CAMP TWENTY-SIXTH KENTUCKY VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,

Five Miles North of Columbia, Tenn., December 22, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders I respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by the Twenty-sixth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry in the actions near Nashville, Tenn., on the 15th and 16th instant:

We left our camp near Fort Negley about 8 a.m. on the 15th instant: moved slowly two or three miles toward the right, passed through our outer line of works on the Hardin turnpike, and formed line of battle at 11 a.m. just outside the works and on the left of the pike, the Twenty-sixth Kentucky Volunteers being the right of the First Brigade. In forming line one of our men, James H. Cohron, Company B, was instantly killed by the accidental discharge of his own gun. Between 12 m. and 1 p.m. we were moved forward about a mile, the right considerably advanced, and halted in a lane. A heavy cannonade was going on at the time, and the enemy's shells occasionally exploded near us, but no one was injured. After remaining here an hour or so we were moved

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 man killed and 9 men wounded.

---------------

