
by the right flank, changing direction somewhat to the right, a mile perhaps, again formed in line of battle, and moved briskly forward. As we commenced to move a strong position of the rebels in our front was gallantly charged by some dismounted cavalry and a number of prisoners and several pieces of artillery were captured. We continued to move, our right advancing, until our line was nearly or quite perpendicular to the one first formed in the forenoon; and at little more than a mile from where we formed line the second time our brigade charged a strong position of the enemy on one of the high hills, or knobs rather, between the Hillsborough and Granny White pikes, about five miles from Nashville, and though the men were exposed to a galling front and cross-fire, they moved steadily and rapidly forward, drove the rebels in great disorder from their positions, and captured a number of prisoners and several pieces of artillery. In a few minutes we were moved about half a mile farther, and took position at sundown on a high hill exposed to a cross-fire from the enemy posted on another hill on our right. Here we remained all light and threw up earth-works. Our regiment was not regularly engaged on the 16th, but was moved forward with the First Brigade as the final charge was made late in the afternoon, and bivouacked for the night near the new house of Mr. Lea, on the left of the Granny White pike.

The line officers of the Twenty-sixth Kentucky, without exception, and the enlisted men with few exceptions behaved very gallantly. We lost 2 men killed, besides Cohron, and had 44 wounded, some severely, but the most of them slightly. Captain Hackett, who, as senior line officer, was assistant me in the absence of the lieutenant-colonel and major, and was mounted, was severely wounded while bravely urging the men forward. The color-bearer, James Scott, was severely wounded in the leg as he ascended the hill, but would not go to the rear until he had planted our regimental flag on the top, and he was among the first there. Lieutenant Brown, acting adjutant, behaved with great gallantry and rendered me great assistance.

I inclose herewith a list of the names of the killed and wounded.*

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. MAXWELL,

Colonel Twenty-sixth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry.

Captain T. C. HONNELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 104. Report of Captain Samuel L. Demarest, Twenty-fifth Michigan Infantry, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIFTH MICHIGAN VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Near Columbia, Tenn., December 22, 1864

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this regiment on the 15th and 16th instant:

On the 15th instant the regiment marched out with the First Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, and was identified with all the movements of the brigade on the right flank of the army. About 3 p.m. we supported a charge made by dismounted cavalry, in which

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 99.

---------------

