
2 batteries of 4 guns each were captured, with a number of prisoners. Immediately after the regiment was engaged in another charge, where 3 pieces of artillery were captured. During this day 2 commissioned officers and 3 men were slightly wounded and 1 man severely wounded. During the night works were constructed; and on the 16th we supported a charge made by a portion of the Sixteenth Corps, a number of the Twenty-fifth Michigan taking active part in the charge, and being instrumental in taking prisoners.

The following is a list of casualties.*

Very respectfully,

S. L. DEMAREST,

Captain, Commanding.

Captain T. C. HONNELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 105. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John E. Cummins, Ninety-ninth Ohio Infantry, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. NINETY-NINTH REGIMENT OHIO VOL. INFTY.,In the Field, December 22, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders from brigade headquarters I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Ninety-ninth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the engagement near Nashville, on the 15th and 16th instant:

The regiment moved with the brigade early on the morning of the 15th toward the enemy. Nothing of interest transpired until about the middle of the afternoon, when the regiment moved forward a considerable distance in line of battle, meeting with no enemy until in passing across an open field the enemy appeared on the left flank of the brigade behind a stone wall, and in our front on a high steep hill a small body of infantry with three pieces of artillery. As soon as the rebel battery opened, the men yelled and rushed forward without orders, charging up the hill on a run. The rebels were driven from their position and the artillery captured. The officers and men of this regiment contributed their fair share to the success of this movement. On the top of a hill beyond the one on which the artillery was captured the regiment went into position, with the Third Tennessee on the right and Twenty-fifth Michigan on the left, and remained until after night, when the regiment, by orders, moved to another position and spent the whole night in fortifying.

On the morning of the 16th we found the enemy entrenched on a hill in our immediate front, within rifle-range, and all days shots were being exchanged between the rebels and skirmishers from this regiment. The regiment was also exposed to shots from the enemy's main line of works, but sustained no loss. The regiment was not otherwise engaged during the day.

The following is the list of casualties in this regiment on the 25th instant.+

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 2 officers and 3 men wounded.

+Nominal list (omitted) shows 7 men wounded.

---------------

