
The officers and men of the regiment conducted themselves well, but no opportunity was given for special acts of courage.

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN E. CUMMINS.

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Ninety-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Captain T. C. HONNELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 106. Reports of Major Rhadamanthus H. Dunn and Colonel William Cross, Third Tennessee Infantry, of operations December 15-16, 1864.

HDQRS. THIRD TENNESSEE VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,

In the Field, Tenn., December 22, 1864

Official report of the operations of the Third Regiment Tennessee Volunteer Infantry in the engagement near Nashville, Tenn., on the 15th and 16th of December 1864:

At 6 a.m. on the 15th day of December I moved my regiment west from where I was encamped, on the Franklin pike, near Nashville, Tenn., until I struck the Hardin pike, where I passed through the outer line of fortifications surrounding Nashville, and formed my regiment in order of battle, my regiment forming the center of the right wing of the First Brigade. After forming I was ordered forward about half a mile where the line was halted and lay down, during which time there was a heavy cannonading going on between our forces and the enemy. About 2.30 p.m. I received orders to move to the right and form on the right of the line, then forming the front line. I accordingly moved my regiment forward and to the right. After I had moved to the place to which I was ordered and had my command formed, fronting east, the command "forward" was given. After marching quarter of a mile in line I halted my command a short time near a large field on the opposite side of which the enemy was posted on commanding points. Soon the command "forward" was given. My command moved forward in order of battle, and half way across the field the enemy opened directly in my front with artillery, when my command moved forward at double-quick time without orders, I having orders to move only at quick time. I then used my utmost endeavor to halt my command, or to bring them to move at the time I was ordered, which I succeeded in doing, and then moved on a short distance, when I ordered my command forward at double-quick time. There was a small force of dismounted cavalry in my front. My command moved forward with or near to the cavalry force, and both the cavalry and my command reached the enemy's position at or near the same time, driving the enemy in confusion and capturing the two pieces of artillery they had posted at this point. I then reformed my command and moved forward at double-quick, charging and driving the enemy from the second point some 300 yards from the first point gained. I then halted and again reformed my command. Here I received orders from General Cooper to hold my command in line of the top of the last hill gained until the command on the left established the line, my command at this time being the right of the brigade and the only regiment that had established the line on the last-named position. Shortly after this (it

