
being about 5 p.m.) I received orders to throw up works in front of my command. Accordingly, as soon as I could obtain tools, I did so, and remained in this position for the night, throwing out a skirmish line, covering my front according to orders.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. DUNN,

Major, Commanding Third Tennessee Volunteer Infantry.

December 16, I remained in position of last night until about 3 p.m., when I received orders to move forward at double-quick in support of a brigade of the Sixteenth Army Corps, which charged and drove the enemy in confusion, after which I halted, and reformed my command as the right of the First Brigade. I then moved forward about a mile in order of battle, and halted, furnishing one commissioned officer and twenty-five enlisted men for picket, and rested for the night.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM CROSS,

Colonel Third Tennessee Volunteer Infantry.

Numbers 107. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Edward Maynard, Sixth Tennessee Infantry, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. SIXTH Regiment EAST TENNESSEE VOL. INFANTRY,In the Field, December 22, 1864

SIR: In obedience to circular just received from headquarters First Brigade, I beg leave to submit the following as a report of the operations of this regiment on the 15th and 16th instant:

In accordance with instructions received from Brigadier-General Cooper, commanding First Brigade, tents were struck at 5 a.m. on the 15th, and breakfast over, the regiment was formed in order of march at 5.30 a.m. At about 8 a.m. took up the line of march from our encampment on the Franklin pike near Nashville, following the One hundred and thirtieth Indiana Volunteers, and crossed to the Hardin pike. We moved out from the defenses of the city on that pike, and were at once formed in line of battle on left of First Brigade. From this point we were moved forward to a dirt road intersecting the Hillsborough and Hardin pikes. In this road we lay until about 1 p.m.; we then moved to the right by the flank we passed a fort on the right of the Hillsborough pike about six miles from Nashville, which a portion of our cavalry force had occupied a few moments before. At this place formed in order of battle again, and moved across the Hillsborough pike. We had proceeded nearly half a mile when the enemy open upon us with artillery from a high point three-quarters of a mile in front of us. A charge was ordered and we moved on the rebel artillery at the run. As we approached the hill we discovered that a body of the enemy's infantry lodged behind a stone wall to our left was raking that flank. The direction of the movement was changed to the left, and we conducted our operations against the wall. As the men were already jaded I ordered them to halt behind a rail fence near the wall and unsling

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 3 men killed and 8 men wounded.

