
knapsacks. This having been done, we charge the wall, took it, and crossed it, where 150 prisoners surrendered to us, and were immediately sent to the rear. The charge was continued nearly half a mile beyond, resulting in capturing about fifty rebels, and was stopped because worn down by the race. My loss in the charge and during the day was 1 man killed and 9 wounded. After we reformed we took position on a wooded hill between the Hillsborough and Granny White pikes about seven miles from Nashville, and during the night of the 15th threw up a temporary line of works. During the night threw out a picket in my front and held one-third of the regiment under arms. On the 16th instant we lay at rest in these works until about 4 p.m. At that time we moved out and formed in a corn-field in rear of the position from which the enemy had just been dislodged, to the left of the Granny White pike. Moved across that pike and about half a mile toward the Franklin pike, ad bivouacked for the night.

The following is a list of killed and wounded on the 15th instant.*

I owe it to all the officers and all the men to say that our success is owed during each day to their courage, coolness, and prompt obedience.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD MAYNARD,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Sixth Regiment East Tennessee Volunteers.

Captain T. C. HONNELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 108. Reports of Colonel Orlando H. Moore, Twenty-fifth Michigan Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations November 21-30 and December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,Nashville, Tenn., December 8, 1864

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of my brigade since leaving Johnsonville, Tenn.:

On the morning of November 21, the One hundred and eleventh Ohio Infantry started by rail, in accordance with orders from the general commanding the division, for Columbia, Tenn., and on the 23rd of November four other regiments of my brigade, with my headquarters, took cars at Johnsonville and proceeded by way of Nashville to Columbia, arriving at 2.30 a.m. on the 24th. The troops were immediately disembark and massed on the hill near the fort. At 9 a.m. I received orders to move my brigade out upon the Mount Pleasant pike, and placed it in possible, with one regiment on the right of the Hampshire pike, having its right wing at the mill on Little Bigby Creek and the left wing near the Hampshire pike where it crosses the creek. At 8 p.m. in accordance with orders from the general commanding the division, I moved the brigade across the pike, having its left rest upon it with the right at the Little Bigby Creek mill, and one regiment, One hundred and eighteenth Ohio Infantry,on the bank of the creek about half a mile farther to the right. The troops remained in this position throwing up breast-works until near midnight of the 25th, when I was

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 man killed and 9 men wounded.

---------------

