
the enemy advanced his troops in three lines of battle, driving in the pickets and pushing boldly up to the works, evidently hoping to carry them with ease, but he was met by a firm line and driven back in confusion. The men of my brigade stood to their works without flinching, but the company of One hundred and eighty-third Ohio Infantry which I had placed near the center of my line gave way. After another charge the troops on he immediate left of my line left their works, and the enemy occupied them, flanking the One hundred and eleventh Ohio Infantry, which was on the left of my brigade. At this juncture I ordered two companies of the Eightieth Indiana Infantry to the left to support the line, and gave orders to flank the whole brigade, if necessary, in order to close the breach made to the left of my line, and then ordered the Second Pennsylvania Battery, which was in position on the right of my line, to turn their guns from the embrasures to the left and fire upon the ridge upon the left flank of my brigade, and shell the rebel columns which were massing to charge that point. This was done with good effect. At this juncture Captain P. H. Dowling, acting assistant inspector-general on my staff, rode forward, placed the troops in position, and endeavored to rally the troops, which had been driven back from the works, and by his heroic bravery and unsurpassed gallantry succeeded in driving the enemy from the front of the works, and saved the troops from a defeat which otherwise would have been inevitable. It was an important movement, which Captain Dowling fully appreciated, and under the most terrible fire of the enemy he nobly and gallantly cheered forward the officers and men to victory, receiving a severe wound in the army. Too much cannot be said in praise of Captain Dowling for his important and gallant services.

I will also here state that the gallant manner in which Captain H. A. Hale, assistant adjutant-general, Lieutenant J. D. Bolles, aide-de-camp, Lieutenant W. H. Clements, aide-de-camp, and other members of my staff, discharged their duties, under the hottest fire of the enemy, was worthy of the highest commendation.

The enemy made repeated charges at short intervals with fresh troops until late at night, nearly every time reaching the works at some point in my line. The many hand-to-hand encounters over the works are strongly attested by the number of bayonet wounds received by the men. The enemy succeeded in planting his colors twice upon the works of the Twenty-third Michigan Infantry, and the colors of the One hundred and seventh Illinois Infantry were seized by a rebel, who was killed in attempting to carry them away. The colors were recovered by a private of the regiment named Bailey Walker, a member of Company G, who went over the works and brought them back.

During one of these charges Lieutenant-Colonel Lowry, commanding One hundred and seventh Illinois Infantry, received a mortal wound in the head. He had distinguished himself throughout the action by his coolness and bravery. Though at other times a man of very quiet and even temperament he displayed on this occasion great activity, at all times regardless of personal danger. By his strenuous efforts, he contributed largely to the success of the day. His loss is deeply felt by all who knew him, and particularly in his own command, where he was best known.

The distinguished professional services of L. A. Brewer, brigade surgeon, during this battle, were highly appreciated, not only in his careful treatment of the wounded, but in his patriotic efforts in cheering the soldiers to nobly do their duty.

