
at 12 m. Threw up works during the afternoon; were attacked by the enemy about 5 o'clock in heavy force. He charged the works time and again, but was successfully met at all times. At one time (about dusk) four stand of colors were planted upon our breast-works, across which the enemy charged furiously, but was met by our brave boys and hurled back in utter confusion. In this charge the heroic Lieutenant-Colonel Lowry fell while gallantly cheering his men on to victory, when Leander S. McGraw, captain, took command of the regiment. On the morning of December 1 was ordered to move in the direction of Nashville, where we arrived at 12 m.

The following is a list of the killed, wounded, and missing.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEANDER S. McGRAW,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain HENRY A. HALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 110. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Alfred D. Owen, Eightieth Indiana Infantry of operations November 23-December 5, 1864.
HDQRS. EIGHTIETH REGIMENT INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Nashville, Tenn., December 5, 1864

SIR: In compliance with circular issued from division headquarters of this date, I have the honor to make the following of operations of my regiment from Johnsonville, Tenn., up to the present time:

Leaving that place November 23, 1864, by railroad, via Nashville, we arrived at Columbia, Tenn., about 2 a.m. of the 24th instant [ultimo], where we were ordered by Colonel Moore into the earth-works on the south side of town and the fort. About 10 a.m. I received orders to march out on the Mount Pleasant pike. After proceeding about a mile I was detached from the brigade, and moved to the right of the pike, where I relieved a battalion of cavalry, who were guarding a ford across the creek that ran into Duck River, and about one mile from its mouth. Have I threw up a barricade of rails, and at 10 p.m. Captain Lee, assistant commissary of musters, brought me orders to move to a commanding position 250 yards to my left, and relieved me by the One hundred and twenty-ninth Regiment Indiana Volunteer Infantry. After completing another barricade I permitted my men to rest during the remainder of the night, and at 8 a.m. on the 25th Colonel Moore moved my regiment to the left of the One hundred and eleventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, where I constructed earth-works to the pike, a distance of 300 yards. Company B, Captain Mosier commanding, was on picket and under fire during the day, but sustained no loss. At 6 p.m. I received orders to march at 12 that night to Duck River railroad bridge, following the Twenty-third Regiment Michigan Volunteer Infantry, but in consequence of a misundering the Twenty-third Michigan and my regiment were separated from the remainder of the brigade about 1 o'clock in the morning and compelled to return to the pike, when we marched to Duck River bridge,arriving there shortly after daylight of

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 officer and 3 men killed, 1 officer and 14 men wounded, and 1 man missing.

---------------

