
the 26th instant. Here we were again occupied in erecting earth-works until 3 a.m. on the morning of the 28th of November, when we were ordered to cross Duck River, and build works on the north side, but before finishing them the enemy's skirmishers made their appearance on the opposite bank, and occupied our attention until 11 a.m., when they opened upon my regiment with artillery. After firing a few shots two guns of the Twenty-second Indiana Battery, on my right, silenced those of the enemy. Nothing more of interest transpired during the day or night, and at 10 a.m. on the 29th I moved, in obedience to Colonel Moore's orders, toward the Franklin pike. On arriving within two miles and a half of Spring Hill the enemy's skirmishers opened upon us and we were ordered into line of battle, and marched to within one mile of Spring Hill, where we halted for an hour, after which time we resumed our march, reaching Franklin at 7 a.m. on the 30th instant, and were again occupied in building works. At 4 p.m. the enemy moved upon us, but were driven back in confusion. During the engagement I received orders to send two companies to take possession of the works on the left of the Twenty-third Regiment Michigan Volunteer Infantry, where troops had been driven back. I sent Companies C and H, under Captain Cochran, who retook the works and held them during the fight, taking 40 prisoners, including 1 major, 1 inspector-general, and 2 lieutenants. My loss during the fight was 10 men wounded-Sergt. George W. Walker, Company B; Corpl. J. Alexander Chambers, Company C; Privates William H. Spore and William C. McIntire, Company E; Corpl. J. L. Knowles and Private Adam Emmert, Company F; Privates Henry Ferrell and John Hunley, Company H; Private W. H. H. Ranner, Company G, and Sergt. V. Corben, Company K. At 12 o'clock at night we left the works, crossing the river, and marched toward this place, arriving at 3 p.m. of the 1st instant, where we have remained uninterrupted until the present time.

Respectfully submitted.

ALFRED D. OWEN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Eightieth Regiment Indiana Vol. Infantry.

Lieutenant S. H. HUBBELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 111. Report of Colonel Charles A. Zollinger, One hundred and twenty-ninth Indiana Infantry, of operations November 23-December 5, 1864.
HDQRS. 129TH Regiment INDIANA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Nashville, Tenn., December 5, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit the following as a part taken by the One hundred and twenty-ninth Regiment Indiana Volunteer Infantry in the late campaign in Tennessee:

On the morning of November 23, 1864, my regiment was put aboard the cars at Johnsonville, Tenn., from which place we proceeded to Columbia, Tenn., arriving there on the morning of the 24th, and took position on the right of One hundred and eighteenth Ohio, in support of brigade. At 10 a.m. same day was ordered out to protect the railroad bridge across Duck River, where we remained until after dark, at

