
which time we were ordered to move and join the brigade. We there took position on right of brigade and fortified during the night. At this place we remained until 2 a.m. November 26, when we moved back (with brigade) to Duck River brigade, where we again fortified, and kept the position until 2 a.m. November 28, at which time we were ordered to cross the river (crossing on railroad bridge), where we again took position in support of the brigade, and remained in that position until 8 p.m., when we were ordered to take position in front line of the right of the One hundred and eighteenth Ohio, where we fortified during the night, and remained at our works until 12 m. November 29, when we were ordered to move in rear of the One hundred and eighteenth Ohio in the direction of Franklin, Tenn., and on arriving within two miles of Spring Hill was ordered back one mile and a half to guard a point until Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, and one division of Fourth Army Corps should pass, which we did, and at 12 o'clock (midnight) we started and rejoined the brigade near Spring Hill, and without halting marched with it to Franklin, arriving at daylight November 30. Breakfast over, we took position near town, near Franklin pike, where we fortified and sent out pickets. At 4 p.m. the enemy advanced in three lines of battle, drove in our pickets, and charged our works repeatedly with heavy slaughter to themselves and comparatively small to us. At about 3 a.m. December 1 we moved out in direction of Nashville, Tenn., where we arrived same evening and where we still remain.

In closing this report I have the honor to state that the officers and men of my command discharged every duty assigned them cheerfully and promptly, and deserve the title of true soldiers and devoted friends of our country.

List of casualties of my regiment are as follows.*

I am, six, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. ZOLLINGER,

Colonel, Commanding 129th Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

Colonel O. H. MOORE,

Commanding Second Brigadier Second Div., Twenty-third Army Corps.

Numbers 112. Report of Colonel Oliver L. Spaulding, Twenty-third Michigan Infantry, of operations November 24-December 5, 1864.
HDQRS. TWENTY-THIRD MICHIGAN VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Nashville, Tenn., December 5, 1864

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders to the colonel commanding brigade, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the regiment under my command from the 24th of November last to date:

On the 24th of November the regiment was at Johnsonville, Tenn.,under orders to rejoin the brigade at Columbia. At 4 p.m. of that day it left Johnsonville by rail, and arrived at Columbia at noon on the 25th, and immediately built works on that part of the line to which it

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 4 men killed, 1 officers and 15 men wounded, and 2 men missing.

---------------

25 R R-VOL XLV, PT I

