
was assigned, sending five companies on picket. At 2 o'clock the next morning the regiment retired with the brigade some two miles, near to Duck River, and was occupied all day and night in building works on the left of the brigade line. On the morning of the 27th we were ordered to move to the right, where we took up a new position, our right resting upon the railroad a short distance from the railroad bridge, and threw up works. In the afternoon the regiment was ordered on a reconnaissance to the right of our line to ascertain what force, if any, the enemy had thrown across the river at a ford some six miles on our right. Having accomplished the object of the reconnaissance we returned to camp shortly after dark and crossed the river, with the brigade, during the night, taking position on the north bank of the river a short distance to the right of the railroad bridge. We remained here till morn of the 29th, when we retired with the division toward Franklin, reaching there on the morning of the 30th. On the evening of the 29th when near Spring Hill, a body of the enemy was found to be in our front. In the advance upon them this regiment was thrown on the right flank of the line to move by the flank in the rear of the line and guard against any movement the enemy might make upon that flank. I threw out flankers, who, in the darkness, ran upon the pickets of the enemy. In the confusion we captured a rebel adjutant-general. On arriving at Franklin we threw up works in the position assigned us, throwing up traverses upon the flanks of each company, which proved of the greatest service to us in engagement of the evening, as the enemy had a heavy flank fire upon us during most of the time. At a little past 4 p.m. the enemy assaulted our works with three lines, apparently confident of carrying them with ease, but after a most stubborn attempt he evidently became convinced that he had undertaken a very heavy contract, and one which one the high contracting parties had no ida of ratifying. He renewed the attack several times, only to be repulsed each time, with terrible loss. During the engagement the left of the regiment was more hardly pressed than the right, and most of my fire was left oblique. At one time two companies of the One hundred and eighty-third Ohio, on our immediate left, broke and left their part of the works unprotected. A body of the enemy occupied the outside of these works for some time. Here we shot down two color-bearers, and prevented their entering the works, till they were again occupied by two companies of the Eightieth Indiana. As the Eightieth was moving to the left to occupy this position I threw one company on the right center-where the enemy's fire at that time was very light-over the works, and fired one volley into rebels as they lay upon the outside of our works. During the engagement we took among other prisoners Lieutenant Lee, aide-de-camp, of General S. D. Lee's staff.

My loss during the engagement was 2 killed, 13 wounded, and 3 missing. Among the killed was Lieutenant D. M. Averill, a brave and thorough officer.

Shortly after midnight we crossed the river with the division, and reached Nashville shortly after noon of December 1.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. L. SPAULDING,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain H. A. HALLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

