
Numbers 113. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Isaac R. Sherwood, One hundred and eleventh Ohio Infantry, of operations November 21-December 5, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS 111TH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Nashville, Tenn., December 5, 1864.

SIR: In accordance with orders I have the honor to submit the following report of my command from the 21st of November to date:

On the 21st of November my command left Johnsonville on the Tennessee River, and came on cars about forty miles on the Nashville and Northwestern Railroad. At this point we found a train of cars burning upon the track. By order of General Ruger I unloaded my command from the cars and set them clearing wreck. Remained here until 10 p.m. 22nd, when, after clearing track and relaying a portion, we proceeded to Nashville, from thence by railroad to Columbia, where we arrived at 3 a.m., of the 23rd. Remained in the vicinity of Columbia until the night of the 27th, frequently changing position and building some seven lines of breast-works. On the night of the 27th we crossed to north bank of Duck River, and went into position at daylight on the 28th on the right of the railroad. Went with right wing of my regiment down Duck River two miles to guard a ford. Skirmished some with cavalry, losing one man mortally wounded. On the 29th I received orders to remain with my regiment until dark guarding the railroad bridge across Duck River and the fords, the balance of the command having moved out on Franklin pike. Skirmished considerably during the day, losing two men, one mortally wounded, the other severely. On the evening of the 29th I concentrated my command, One hundred and eleventh Ohio and seventy-five men of the Twenty-fourth Missouri Infantry, and started out without a guide to find the Franklin pike. Struck the pike at 10 p.m. and reached Franklin at noon on the 30th, making a march from the ford on Duck River of twenty-four miles. On the morning of the 30th the rebel cavalry attacked our wagon train, drove off our cavalry, and were making for the train. My regiment drove them off, losing one man severely wounded in the neck. Upon arriving at Franklin I was assigned a position on the left of the brigade. We threw up temporary breast-works, which were not completed when our skirmishers were driven in and the rebels in three lines came up our front. They were repulsed in my front and on the right, but the regiment on my immediate left gave back, and for a moment I feared the line was lost. I ordered my regiment to "fix bayonets and stand by the works," which they did. At this juncture Captain P. H. Dowling came up, and by great exertion succeeded in rallying a portion of the broken line, brought them forward, and retook a portion of the works on my immediate left. The fighting was incessant on my left and in front until midnight, and most of my guns became so hot that they could scarcely be handled. At midnight, in accordance with orders, I brought my regiment off the field with the balance of the brigade. Marched the balance of the night, and the next day, December 1, reached Nashville at 2 p.m., where we have since been in position.

In the engagement at Franklin all my officers and men behaved to my entire satisfaction.

