
A list of casualties, in accordance with orders, has been placed in the hands of Doctor Brewer, brigade surgeon.

Losses-killed, 12; wounded, 40; missing, 2; total, 54.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

ISAAC R. SHERWOOD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain HENRY A. HALE, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 114. Report of Major Edgar Sowers, One hundred and eighteenth Ohio Infantry, of operations November 23-December 1, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS 118TH OHIO, VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Nashville, Tenn., December 5, 1864.

I have the honor to submit the following report respecting the operations of the One hundred and eighteenth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry from November 23 to December 1, inclusive:

On Wednesday, November 23, the regiment left Johnsonville, Tenn.:

and proceeded by rail to Columbia, forty miles south of Nashville, at which point it arrived early on the morning of the 24th. As the enemy were advancing on Columbias a position was at once taken and preparations made for a vigorous defense. Our position was changed on the night of the 24th, and the 25th and part of the 26th was employed in guarding the banks of the Big Bigby Creek. The 27t, 28th, and 29th the regiment was in position at the Duck River railroad bridge, where we had considerable skirmishing with the enemy across the river. We lost 1 killed and 1 severely wounded. On the 29th we withdrew from our position near the bridge and marched toward Franklin, at which place we arrived early on the morning of the 30th, having had a slight skirmish the previous evening near Spring Hill. At Franklin a line of works was constructed, and the regiment, with the brigade, went into position on the right of the Columbia pike, the Twenty-third Michigan being on the left, and Eightieth Indiana on the right. Skirmishing began about 2 p.m. and became quite sharp and hour later, when it became evident that the enemy intended to attack us in force. About 3 o'clock their columns could be seen forming for the attack, and about 4 p.m. the enemy advanced in columns of three in depth. As the right of our line was somewhat refused, and as the attack was heaviest on the left, the line of the enemy's advance was diagonally across our regimental front. This movement gave us a good enfilanding fire on the whole mass in our front, an advantage, which was promptly seized and used to good effect. The conflict continued with unabated fury until 9 p.m., at intervals until 12 o'clock.

I should be doing injustice to the officers and men of the regiment were I not to bear testimony to their determined bravery and unfaltering valor in the battle at Franklin.

We lost four men only-slight wounded.

On the 1st of December we fell back to Nashville and took position. Our campaign has been short but severe, as much of the marching and labor was done in the night.

The losses are 1 killed and 5 wounded.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

E. SOWERS,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain HENRY A. HALE, Assistant Adjutant-General.

