
Numbers 115. Report of Colonel Silas A. Strickland, Fiftieth Ohio Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations November 24-December 7, 1864.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, SECOND DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,Nashville, Tenn., December 7, 1864.,

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of the Third Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, since November 24, 1864:

November 244, 1864, in camp at Columbia, with two regiments of infantry, the Fiftieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry and Seventy-second Illinois Volunteer Infantry, the last regiment having been assigned to Third Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, per order of Brigadier-General Ruger, commanding Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps. November 25, 1864, at 9 p.m., Third Brigade receives orders to cross Duck River, and take position on north side near railroad bridge. November 26, 1864, skirmishing commenced at 6 a.m. and continued during the day on south side of river. Third Brigade remains in position on north side of river. November 27, 1864, remained in position on north side of river until 6 p.m. when we received orders and crossed the river to south side, occupying the works previously built by Twenty-third Army Corps, and sent out skirmishers to cover our front. November 28, 1864, remained in works on south side until Fourth Army Corps crossed the river, when at 4 a.m. the Third Brigade moved across the river and occupied the same works left November 27, 1864. The One hundred and eighty-third Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry is assigned for duty with Third Brigade, per Special Orders, No. 74, headquarters Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps. November 29, 1864, Third Brigade in same position, and work on fortifications until 12 m. The Forty-fourth Missouri Volunteer Infantry is assigned to Third Brigade, per Special Orders, Numbers 75, headquarters Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps. At 12 m. Third Brigade moved by the right flank for Spring Hill, Third Brigade in advance of Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps. All quiet until 5 p.m.; light skirmishing until 9 p.m., when part of brigade moved toward Johnson [Thompson's?] Station, leaving the Forty-fourth Missouri and One hundred and eighty-third Ohio Regiments of infantry to follow in rear of all transportation. We reached Johnson [Thompson's?] Station 12 o'clock at night.

November 30, 1864, at 2 a.m., Third Brigade moved from Johnson [Thompson's?] Station, on Franklin road. We reached Franklin, Tenn., at 6.30 a.m., and commenced throwing up works. Works completed at 12 m. The position of Third Brigade, west of Columbia pike, on left of Second Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, and on right of Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps. Skirmishers thrown out to cover our front. The brigade in two lines-Fiftieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry and Seventy-second Illinois Volunteer Infantry in front line, and One hundred and eighty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry and Forty-fourth Missouri Volunteer Infantry in rear line. At 3 p.m. heavy skirmishing commenced, the enemy driving in our skirmishers, and at 3.30 p.m. the enemy assaulted the whole line, making an effort to flank us ut of front line of works by marching down the Columbia pike in solid column. The nature of the ground gave the enemy the advantage. They succeeded in taking the front line of works, but had the pleasure of holding it but a few moments. The second line rallied to the support of the first line and succeeded in driving the enemy from it.

