
bearer of brigade, and J. Milton Foster, my personal orderly, during the entire fight, exhibited a personal bravery in the carrying of orders which does them great credit as good and faithful soldiers.

Although out of ordinary course of reports, I could not make a faithful history of operations without recording the fact that at a very critical moment in rallying to retake the first line, I consider the success of the brigade was mainly owing at this juncture to the immediate personal presence of Brigadier-General Cox, commanding Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, and the timely assistance he rendered me in so critical a moment in sending to my support the One hundred and twelfth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Bond commanding who participated in the last two hours of the engagement (the colonel himself being wounded) the regiment rendering that assistance making success complete in holding our works until the order to move was received, which was at 12 o'clock at night, when the brigade withdrew, leaving a heavy skirmish line in the works, and marched across the river over the railroad bridge.

December 1, 1864, at 2 a.m,. the skirmishers left in works at Franklin, Tenn., November 30, 1864, joined the brigade on the Nashville and Franklin pike. The brigade was in motion marching toward Nashville, Tenn., where it arrived at 4 p.m,. and went into position on north side of Fort Negley, on right of Second Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, and on left of Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps.

Below please find list of casualties;* and for further information I will respectfully,refer you to reports of regimental commanders; a copy of each accompanies this report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. STRICKLAND,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade.

Lieutenant S. H. HUBBELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 116. Report of Colonel John Mehringer, Ninety-first Indiana Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,In the Field, near Columbia, Tenn., December 23, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to most respectfully submit the following report of operations of Third Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, during the action of which it took part in (15th and 16th of December, 1864.)

December 15, 1864, at 7 a.m., left camp (north side of Fort Negley, Nashville, Tenn.) and following Second Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps moved to the right through works on the Charlotte pike; formed line of battle in rear and advanced in support of Second Brigade. When near Hillsborough pike we moved to right and took position upon extreme right of Second Division, in front of Compton's Hill. Soon after crossing the Hillsborough pike the First and Second Brigades were advancing rapidly on the enemy.

---------------

*Shows 6 officers and 67 men killed, 19 officers and 159 men wounded, and 2 officers and 278 men missing-total 531.

---------------

