
charging a hill in their front. I received orders to move by the right flank, which the brigade executed very promptly, forming line of battle in a piece of woods some 400 yards to the right of Second Brigade, under orders not to advance until support would arrive. Soon after and before I was supported the enemy advanced on my front and right flank, coming in short range owing to an elevated piece of ground in our immediate front. I at once advanced the brigade in line of battle to the crest of the hill, and ordered fire, which was very promptly executed, and the enemy repulsed, we losing 19 men and 3 officers. During the engagement the officers and men behaved most gallantly, and particularly I would mention the officers of the One hundred and eighty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, whose men have never had the opportunity to drill; also the staff officers of my brigade behaved very gallantly. We barricaded and remained in position until 8 p.m., when we were ordered to move and take position on right of First Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, where we built works and threw out skirmishers covering our front. December 16, 1864, still in same position on right of First Brigade, and remain under fire of the enemy until 3 p.m., when a charge was made by part of Sixteenth Army Corps upon Compton's Hill, carrying the enemy's works, when we moved through the enemy's works and camped near Granny White pike for the night.

Below I have the honor to attach the list of casualties* which occurred in Third Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, and also forward history of operations of regimental commanders in Third Brigade.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN MEHRINGER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant S. H. HUBBELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 117. Report of Captain James A. Sexton, Seventy-second Illinois Infantry, of operations November 25-December 2, 1864.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-SECOND Regiment ILLINOIS VOL. INFTY.,Near Nashville, Tenn., December 9, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report herewith the history of this command from the date of its joining the Third Brigade, November 26, 1864, to the date of its assignment to the command of Major General A. J. Smith, December 2, 1864.

On the night of the 25th ultimo the regiment moved with the brigade from Columbia across Duck River, and bivouacked. On the morning of the 26th ultimo we commenced throwing up works and kept at it all day during a heavy rain. During the day of the 27th ultimo the command lay idle. At night the brigade recrossed Duck River. The Fiftieth Ohio Infantry commenced throwing up works, this regiment acting as a support and to cover the evacuation of Columbia by our forces. At 2 a.m. of the 28th ultimo this regiment again crossed the river, occupying the same works which had been thrown up on the 26th;

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 officer and 1 man killed and 2 officers and 18 men wounded.

---------------

