
Numbers 118. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles H. Butterfield, Ninety-first Indiana Infantry, of operations December 15-23, 1864.
HDQRS. NINETY-FIRST INDIANA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,In the Field, Tenn., December 23, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor herewith to transmit a report of the part taken by the Ninety-firs Indiana Volunteer Infantry in the campaign since December 15, 1864.

On the morning of the 15th the regiment broke camp in Nashville and moved with the brigade to the right of our lines around Nashville, marching during the day some eight miles, and during the afternoon was engaged in a slight skirmish with the enemy, with a loss of two men severely wounded. During the night of the 15th of December the regiment constructed a strong line of works in the enemy's front, throwing pickets in advance. The regiment remained in these works until the afternoon of the 16th. During a charge in front of the regiment on the 16th the picket-line advanced with the charging party, with a loss of one man severely wounded. Camped for the night near the Granny White pike. On the morning of the 17th crossed to the Franklin pike, and during the 18th, 19th, 20th, and 21st the regiment has marched from near Nashville to this point.

The following is a list of the casualties which have occurred in the regiment since the morning of the 15th of December, 1864.*

I have the honor to be, lieutenant,yours very respectfully,

CHAS. H. BUTTERFIELD,

Lieutenant Colonel Ninety-first Indiana Volunteer Infantry, Commanding

Lieutenant C. A. VAN DEURSEN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 119. Report of Colonel John c. McQuiston, One hundred and twenty-third Indiana Infantry, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS 123rd INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Near Carter's Creek, Tenn., December 22, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations and movements of the One hundred and twenty-third Indian Volunteers in the battles of the 15th and 16th of December 1864:

On the morning of the 15th of December my command moved from position near Fort Negley, through the works on the Charlotte pike, formed in line of battle on the left of Third Brigade, and advanced in support of Second Brigade to a position near Hillsborough pike, where we remained until 2 p.m., when the command moved about two miles to the right, advanced in line of battle across the Hillsborough pike, taking position on extreme right of division in front of Compton's Hill, where we engaged the enemy, driving him to his works. Barricaded our position, and at 8 p.m., in pursuance to orders, moved to the right of First Brigade, where we built works and remained under fire of

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 5 men wounded.

---------------

