
enemy until 3 p.m. of December 16, when a brigade of Sixteenth Army Corps charged Compton's Hill, when we moved through the enemy's works, encamping near Granny White pike.

In closing this report I take pleasure in saying that the officers and men of my command acted with coolness and bravery under the fire of the enemy.

Herewith I send a complete list of casualties* of One hundred and twenty-third Indiana Volunteer Infantry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. McQUISTON,

Colonel, Commanding 123rd Indiana Volunteers.

Lieutenant C. A. VAN DEURSEN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 120. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Andrew J. Barr, Forty-fourth Missouri Infantry, of operations November 27-December 1, 1864.

[DECEMBER -, 1864.]

Regiment arrived at Nashville, Tenn., November 27, 1864, and was ordered immediately to the front at Columbia, Tenn., per Special Orders, Numbers -; went aboard railroad train same day; arrived at Duck River bridge, near Columbia, November 28, 1864, and reported immediately to Major-General Schofield for orders; was assigned Third Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, commanded by Colonel Strickland, on eve of 28th; lay on arms all night, and next day received orders to fall back with brigade to Nashville, Tenn. Marched to near Spring Hill same day, and in evening had skirmish with enemy and lay on arms until 4 a.m. November 30, when we received orders to proceed on march. Arrived at Franklin, Tenn., sixteen miles south-west of Nashville, about 2 p.m., and proceeded to throw up defenses against enemy under command of Hood,who arrived about 4.30 p.m., when battle began. The Forty-fourth Missouri Volunteers were on right center and in hottest of fight. The enemy made thirteen desperate charges in our front, but were gallantly repulsed each time. At 1 a.m. December 1 command received orders to fall back to Nashville, Tenn., which was done in good order, arriving at Nashville at 12 m. December 1, 1864.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. BARR,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Forty-fourth Missouri Volunteers.

Numbers 121. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Hamilton S. Gillespie, Fiftieth Ohio Infantry, of operations November 26-December 8 and December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. FIFTIETH REGIMENT OHIO VOL. INFANTRY,Nashville, Tenn., December 8, 1864

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the operations of this regiment since crossing Duck River, at Columbia, Tenn., including the casualties at Franklin;

November 26, crossed the river at 2 a.m. on railroad bridge, and camped at Duck River Station; built rail barricade, and took position

---------------

*Shows 1 officer killed and 6 men wounded.

---------------

