
behind it. November 27, in camp all day till 5 p.m.,; ordered to cross river at dark; crossed after dark and occupied works prepared for us until 3 a.m. next day, when we returned to north side of river, and went into position till the railroad and pontoon bridges were destroyed. At 11 a.m. November 29 fell into column and moved in the direction of Spring Hill and Franklin. While advancing toward Spring Hill the same night we were attacked by a body of rebels in the dark; repulsed and drove them back, and moved on toward Franklin, where we arrived at 6.30 a.m. of November 30. Went into position and built works on south side of Franklin, and were attacked by the enemy in force at 3.20 p.m., and fought them till 12 p.m. losing; Commissioned officers-wounded, 3; missing, 2. Enlisted me- killed, 7; wounded, 33; captured, 10; missing, 57. Total loss, 112.

I deem this a favorable opportunity to mention the brave and heroic manner in which both officers and men of the regiment met and fought the enemy in a hand-to-hand conflict. Never before did I witness such a bloody contest, and yet there were none who faltered. Captain J. G. Theaker, of Company F, fell, wounded in the leg, while bravely encouraging his men in their noble work. Lieutenant Michael Walsh, of Company D, and Lieutenant J. T. Lucas, of Company B, were also wounded while in the devoted line of their duty. Lieutenant J. H. Haney, of Company B, and Lieutenant Edwin G. Edgley, of Company H, were both captured while in the discharge of their duty. I cannot omit to mention in this connection the valuable assistance I received from Captain John S. Conahan, of Company D, acting major. My staff-consisting of Adjt. Jerome F. Crowley, Dr. N. B. Cole, and Sergt. Major P. F. Pechiney-deserve great credit for the prompt manner in which they performed all their duties during the whole engagement. All the officers and men of the regiment have my sincere thanks for their promptness in obeying orders, and the brave and efficient manner in which they did their bloody work upon the enemy. Coleman Quinn, private of Company K, bravely left the works in pursuit of a rebel ensign, whom he shot, and captured his colors. The boy, not knowing the value of this trophy, gave the colors to some Federal officer in the night.

The regiment retired at 12 p.m. by orders, falling back with the army (marching all night) to Nashville. December 1, arrived at this place at 12 m., and went into position on the left of Forty Negley (facing northwest.) December 2-8, all quiet and we occupy the same position.

Accompanying this will be found a list of casualties, giving name and company and the nature of casualty.

Respectfully submitted.

H. S. GILLESPIE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

ACTG. ASST. ADJT. General, 3rd Brigadier, 2nd DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS.
HDQRS. FIFTIETH REGIMENT, OHIO VOL. INFANTRY,In the Field, near Columbia, Tenn., December 22, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of operations of this regiment on the 15th and 16th days of this month:

December 15, broke up camp at 6 a.m., and moved with Third Brigade, Second Division, to extreme right and rear of the Sixteenth Army Corps where we laid upon our arms till 3 p.m., when we were ordered to take position on the extreme right of our army. About 4

