
p.m. charged the enemy, in which we had a warmly contested fight for twenty minutes, driving them back to their entrenchments. First Lieutenant E. L. Pyne was mortally wounded while gallantly leading his men forward to the fight. Threw up barricades at dark, and heavy skirmishing ensued. At 7 p.m. same night were relieved by Second Brigade, Third Division, and moved one brigade distance to the left and connected with the First Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps. Built strong breast-works. December 16, heavy skirmishing in our front. Laid quiet in our works till 3 p.m. Sixteenth Army Corps charged and carried the rebel works in our front, our brigade supporting, then moved forward in line of battle one mile and camped for the night.

Casualties: First Lieutenant E. L. Pyne, Company K, wounded through breast and arm (mortal); Private Philip Hamen, Company G, in head (slight).

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. S. GILLESPIE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

ACTG. ASST. ADJT. General, 3rd Brigadier, 2nd DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS.

Numbers 122. Report of Captain William F. Scott, One hundred and eighty-third Ohio Infantry, of operations November 29-30, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS 183rd REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEERS,Nashville, Tenn., December 9, 1864.

SIR: I have respectfully to present the following as the report of the operations of my command since its removal from Columbia, Tenn., 29th of November, 1864:

Left Columbia at 12 m. and marched to Spring Hill, a distance of nine miles. Were posted with Forty-fourth Missouri Volunteers one mile from town, where we lay on arms till 2 a.m., when we took up our line of march for Franklin, Tenn., a distance of nine miles. Arrived at 12 m. and at 4 p.m. were attacked by the rebel army under General Hood. Were engaged till 2 a.m. of Thursday, when we crossed the Harpeth River and marched to Nashville, a distance of eighteen miles. Were posted in entrenchments immediately to the left of Fort Negley, where the command now lies.

A list of the killed, wounded, and missing is as follows.*

Very respectfully,

W. F. SCOTT,

Captain, Commanding 183rd Ohio Volunteers.

Lieutenant J. B. McLOE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 2 officers and 4 men killed, 3 officers and 33 men wounded, and 78 men missing.

---------------

