
Numbers 123. Report of Colonel George W. Hoge, One hundred and eighty-third Ohio Infantry, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. ONE HUNDRED AND EIGHTY-THIRD OHIO VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, December 22, 1864.

SIR: I have respectfully to report the operations of my command (the One hundred and eighty-third Ohio Volunteers) on the 15th and 16th instant, near Nashville, Tenn., as follows:

Under direction of Colonel Mehringer, commanding the brigade, on the 15th I moved my command with the brigade from its position near Fort Negley, and in the engagement that evening between the brigade and the enemy I formed the right of the brigade line of battle, and aided in the repulse of the enemy. The officers and men behaved gallantly in this, the second battle in which the regiment has been engaged within thirty days from its organization. Two enlisted men were killed, and Captain Daniel Gusweiler a highly meritorious officer, and 4 enlisted men wounded. Soon after the engagement I moved my command with the brigade toward the left, and again formed the right of the brigade line of battle, my right connecting with battery; threw up rifle-pits before morning, and remained in them till I moved forward with the brigade in the final advance in pursuit of the enemy in the evening of the 16th.

I take pleasure in bearing testimony to the fact that much of the success in the engagement of the 15th instant is due to the quick promptness of Colonel Mehringer, commanding the brigade, in selecting a position and changing the front of the brigade so as to meet the rapid and unexpected advance of the enemy.

I append a nominal list of casualties as directed.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. HOGE,

Colonel, Commanding 183rd Ohio Volunteers.

Lieutenant VAN DEURSEN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 124. Report of Captain Alonzo D. Harvey, Fifteenth Battery Indiana Light Artillery, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. BATTERY Numbers 15., INDIANA VOL. ARTILLERY,In the Field, Tenn., December 22, 1864

GENERAL: I have the honor to report to you that Battery Numbers 15., Indiana Volunteer Artillery, Captain Alonzo D. Harvey commanding, marched from position on heights near Fort Negley, Nashville, Tenn., at 8 a.m. December 15, 1864, and moved with Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, to the right of our line and marched about six miles, when we took position on heights at 4 p.m. and expended eighty rounds of shell. We then advanced a distance of half a mile and took a position near a small house, where we fired thirty-five rounds of shell,

---------------

*Shows 1 man killed and 1 officer and 6 men wounded.

---------------

