
when it became dark and we ceased firing. Then we went to a hill one-quarter of a mile farther to the front and erected temporary breast-works and placed the guns in position within range of the enemy's guns, getting all ready for action before daylight, and at daylight on the 16th we opened on the enemy and fired 200 rounds of shell. We then ceased firing and moved the left section to a position of the left of the First Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, and again opened with sections at 1 p.m. and kept up fire during the afternoon, assisting in shelling the enemy's works while the charge was being made at 4 p.m. expending 560 rounds of shell, making a total expenditure of ammunition of 875 rounds during the two days' fight. After the charge was ended we were ordered to the left of the Granny White pike, where we went into camp for the night.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALONZO D. HARVEY,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

Major-General COUCH,

Commanding Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps.

Numbers 125. Report of Captain Frank Wilson, Nineteenth Battery Ohio Light Artillery, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH OHIO BATTERY,In the Field, December 22, 1864

SIR: In compliance with orders from division headquarters, I have the honor herein to state that during the engagements on the 15th and 16th instant my battery was held in reserve and did not take part in the actions with the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK WILSON,

Captain Nineteenth Ohio Battery.

Lieutenant S. H. HUBBELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 126. Reports of Brigadier General Jacob D. Cox, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division of operations November 22-29 and December 15-16, 1864.

HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,

Columbia, Tenn., December 29, 1864

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements and engagements of this division from the 22nd to the 29th of November ultimo, inclusive:

On the morning of the 22nd of November, in accordance with orders received from headquarters Army of the Ohio, I moved the division from Pulaski to Lynnville, and, in view of the report that the enemy were in force at Lawrenceburg, placed Reilly's brigade upon commanding ground on the west of the village and of Lynn Branch, covering the

