
My brigade commanders are deserving of the highest praise for their conduct on the entire expedition. Colonel Fonda especially distinguished himself by the untiring energy which gave success to the various enterprises which were intrusted to him. Colonel Davis, commanding Third Brigade, coolly commanded his troops and repelled the attack of the 18th. Lieutenant-Colonel Dox, Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, bravely led his troops in the thickest of the fight and had his horse shot from under him. Lieutenant-Colonel Marsh made in thirty hours a march from Baton Rouge to Liberty, a distance of eighty miles, and surprised and captured 60 of the enemy. He is a most capable officer. Colonel Bassford, Fourteenth New York, displayed prominently the soldierly qualities which have already distinguished him. The burden of duties imposed on my staff was severe and onerous, but fully discharged; I owe them much for our success.

I am, respectfully, yours,

A. L. LEE,

Brigadier-General.

Captain W. H. CLAPP,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, La., November 27, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to the Adjutant-General of the Army, through headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi.

The success of this expedition, on which the general commanding congratulates officers and men engaged, is due manifestly to the celerity of movement and faithfulness of execution by subordinate officers of the parts of the general plan intrusted to them. Similar qualities have rendered our cavalry movements elf where successful. The thanks of the major-general commanidng are tendered to the officers and men composing the Cavalry Division for the energy with which this well conceived movement was executed. The results have been highly prejudicial to the rebel forces and advantageous to the Government.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Baton Rouge, La., November 23, 1864.

Brigadier General G. B. HODGE, C. S. Army,

Commanding District of Southwest Miss. and East La.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward a communication from certain officers of your army, how in my hands which all will sufficiently explain itself. Although, after this communication, I deem it unnecessary, I will here formally request of you the surrender of Captain W. M. Chamberlain, Lieutenant F. C. Shehan, Lieutenant T. W. Younkin, and Lieutenant T. B. Metlon, officers of the C. S. Army, who in violation of their parole, escaped as described in the communication above referred to.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. LEE,

Brigadier-General.

