
noon, but they did not succeed in crossing Bigby Creek. Capron's cavalry, by my order, rallied at the rear and then took position upon Reilly's, covering that flank of the whole line. About 10 a.m. the head of column of the Fourth Corps reached Columbia, and they began to go into position upon the left of this division, Whitaker's brigade of that corps relieving Casement's which was brought down to the right till its right flank rested on the Mount Pleasant pike, relieving in its turn the second line of Henderson's, which was advanced to the support of the first line of that brigade, thus giving stronger reserves upon the turnpike, which seemed to be the principal line of the enemy's operations. Harvey's battery (Fifteenth Indiana) was brought over to the right and placed, one section near the center and the other at the right of Reilly's brigade. The One hundredth Ohio Volunteer Infantry was relieved from its position in support of the skirmish line at Bigby Creek by the Sixty-fifth Illinois Volunteers, of Casement's brigade. Toward evening portions of the Second Division of this corps came into position on the right of Reilly's brigade, and the cavalry was withdrawn.

On the following morning (the 25th) no force of the enemy was visible in our front, but a reconnaissance sent forward on the Mount Pleasant pike at about four miles from the town met their cavalry again advancing, and supported by heavy columns of infantry, which proved to be the main body of Hood's army. Our whole line was strengthened by a good breast-work of timber and earth, with abatis and other impediments to an attack. The bridges over the Bigby Creek were taken up, but that stream was rapidly falling and was already fordable nearly everywhere. The enemy advanced cautiously, but with considerable determination. An advanced line of our skirmishers beyond the creek were driven back at the pike, though they were still kept out on the right, where the creek approaches nearer to our line of breast-works. Several batteries were put in position opposite us, and under cover of the artillery fire an attempt was made to advance along the turnpike, which, however, was easily repulsed. The Sixty-fifth Illinois Volunteers, in support of the skirmish line, had erected a barricade of rails near the creek, but upon the enemy turning the fire of his artillery upon them the regiment was withdrawn into a slight hollow in rear of their left, leaving a heavy skirmish line in their barricade. The enemy's cannonade was returned from our batteries, which at an early hour in the afternoon silenced those of the rebels and caused them to withdrawn both their artillery and the infantry supports out of range. The skirmish fire along the creek was continued until dark. Our losses were trifling, amounting to-casualties in all, for the particulars of which reference is made to the lists forwarded herewith. At evening I received orders from the major-general commanding to remove two brigades and the artillery of my command during the night to the north bank of the Duck River, and to take position covering the ford (where the pontoon then was), one brigade, with the whole skirmish line, to remain in the present position, whilst the remainder of the army should take up an inner and shorter line within the town. This movement to be made after the Fourth Corps should have gotten into position on the new line. I accordingly ordered Henderson's brigade to remain in support of the skirmish line and the remainder of the command to be in readiness for the proposed movement during the night. At 12.30, notice being received that the Fourth Corps was in position and the road clear, the brigades of General Reilly and Colonel Casement, with the batteries and baggage train, were put in motion and passed over the river

26 R R-VOL XLV, PT I

