HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Nashville, December 3, 1864.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Ohio:

MAJOR: I have reports of twenty battle-flags and standards captured from the rebels by my division during the fight of the 30th, and am confident, after investigation, that the number is accurately stated. I have only eleven, however, to send to headquarters. These are now in General Reilly's possession, and will be forwarded this morning. The men have a passion for tearing them into bits to send home as relies, and in spite of orders have thus destroyed nine. I cannot give any satisfactory approximation as to the prisoners taken; all that I saw came in on the left of the Columbia pike, where my division was posted; but I am unwilling to make any claim to definite numbers, nor do I think it important that I should do so. I ordered all prisoners turned over to the provost-guards of either corps indiscriminately, and those officers can best report how many they have.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Numbers 127. Report of Brigadier General James W. Reilly, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of operations November 30, 1864.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Nashville, Tenn., December 5, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to report the operations of Third Division in battle of Franklin, on the 30th ultimo, I being temporarily in command thereof, General Cox commanding corps.

The division reached Franklin about 5.30 a.m. of the 30th ultimo, and about 7 a.m. were placed in position on the extreme left of the army, and between the Columbia pike and Harpeth River, connecting on right with Second Division of corps, the left resting at or near ---- River, facing southerly and southeasterly. The brigade of the division were in the following order: First Brigade, the right; Second Brigade, Colonel Casement, in center; Third Brigade, Colonel Stiles (in temporary command), on left. The division was substantially formed in two lines. The first line of the division, as soon as placed in position, threw up an ordinary line of rifle-pits, with head-logs, and in some cases abatis was placed in front of works.

As to the conduct of officers and privates of the division during the many assaults made by the enemy on our line, commencing at or near 4.30 p.m., and continuing at intervals until after dark, I would most respectfully refer to the reports of brigade commanders, herewith forwarded.

A compiled list of casualties in the command is hereto appended.

The meagerness of this report will not require excuse to my superior officers, who are familiar with the circumstances under which it is made.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. W. REILLY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Division at Franklin.

Brigadier General J. D. COX, Commanding Twenty-third Army Corps.

