
Kentucky Infantry, about 10 a.m., they were put in reserve. The brigade had strong line of skirmishers thrown well forward. At about 4.30 p.m. the enemy wore discovered approaching in strong force upon a portion of the Fourth Corps, in front of brigade; the advance was rapid, the troops remaining until the enemy were in such close proximity to them before they retired, that the enemy's heavy assaulting columns pushed them back rapidly over our line of works, the enemy following closely and determinedly.

The officers of my command and myself were using our utmost to prevent our men from firing until all of our own men could succeed in getting into the works. This, with the enemy pushing close after, and in some cases with our own men on the works, caused a momentary abandonment of the line by a portion of the right of the brigade. The line was rapidly rallied by their officers and with the assistance of the Sixteenth Kentucky, that at this moment led by Lieutenant-Colonel White, who, seeing and appreciating the disaster that would be caused if our line, should be broken, gallantly ordered and led his regiment forward to the breach before orders to that effect could reach him. That portion of the enemy who had gained inside our works were either killed or taken prisoners. The enemy made various and continued assaults upon the line, but were each time repulsed with fearful slaughter. Every inch of the works was held, both inside and outside, until the brigade was ordered to fall back. The One hundred and seventy-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel McCoy, was ordered up, or at least came up, gallantly and nobly, and mingled with our men in rear of the works during the remainder of the fight. The Forty-fourth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Colonel John Russell, was ordered up, and right nobly did they come and render valuable services. The Twelfth Kentucky Veteran Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel Rousseau, in reserve in rear of the One hundred and fourth Ohio Infantry, pushed his men forward to the works and did valuable service.

It is proper for me to say that, with the exception of the aid rendered by the One hundred and seventy-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry and Forty-fourth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, as herein stated, the brigade received no assistance during the fight, unless, perhaps, some of the men coming in over the works may have rallied in or behind the lines.

I cannot in justice but mention the efficiency and bravery of Colonel O. W. Sterl, and also that of Lieutenant Colonel E. L. Hayes, who, with his regiment, particularly distinguished themselves.

Lieutenant-Colonels White and Rousseau have already been mentioned. In fact, the regimental officers and men of the brigade nobly sustained the reputation earned on other fields, to which the flags captured, some twenty, the number of prisoners taken, the almost unparalleled slaughter of the enemy in front of their works, the casualties list, all bear ample and indisputable evidence.

I herewith forward a list of the casualties in the brigade.

Among the many brave men killed I regret to report Captain H. D. Palmer, Sixteenth Kentucky; Captain W. W. Hunt, One hundredth Ohio; Lieutenant W. F. Kemble, One hundred and fourth Ohio; Lieutenant M. A. Brown, One hundredth Ohio Infantry; Lieutenant J. J. Hiser, Sixteenth Kentucky, and Lieutenant F. M. Jackman, Twelfth Kentucky Veteran Infantry. Among the wounded, Lieutenant Colonel J. S. White, Sixteenth Kentucky; Lieutenants Markley, Brown, and Wood, Sixteenth Kentucky; Lieutenant S. S. Cope, One hundred and fourth Ohio; Lieutenant H. Obee, One hundredth Ohio; and Lieutenant G. W. Clarke, Twelfth Kentucky Infantry.

