
and withdrew the regiments from the positions occupied by them between Forts Casino and Negley, massing them under the hill and out of sight of the enemy, leaving a company of each regiment to occupy the works until relieved by troops from General Steedman's command. In this movement we were favored by a heavy fog. With the division, this brigade in advance, I moved my command gradually to the right, crossing the Hillsborough pike about two miles from the city and recrossing it at a point about three miles farther out, by direction of the commanding general, took up position on the right of Colonel George Spalding's cavalry command, the brigade being formed in two lines, on the left of the Hillsborough pike, with One hundred and fourth Ohio and Twelfth Kentucky in first, and the One hundredth Ohio, Sixteenth Kentucky, and Eighth Tennessee in the second line. I had thrown out two companies of the One hundred and fourth Ohio as skirmishers, and was about to move forward, when an aide of General Couch, commanding Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, rode up with an urgent request from General Couch to go to the support of one of his brigades, which was being hotly pressed. I moved immediately on double-quick and took position on the right of this brigade (Third), which was posted on a hill about 600 yards to the right and as many to the front, preserving the same formation, throwing out skirmishers and relieving it from the danger of being crushed. I remained in this position until after dark, when the Third Brigade, Second Division, being withdrawn, I occupied its ground, placing the regiments in the following order: One hundred and fourth Ohio, Twelfth Kentucky, Sixteenth Kentucky, One hundredth Ohio, and Eighth Tennessee, and immediately proceeded to erect breast-works along the line, connecting with Colonel Casement on my left and refusing my right well, so as to prevent a flank movement. I now occupied the extreme right of the army, and was some distance from support in case of a determined movement of the enemy against us.

The command worked all night, and when daylight appeared we found ourselves within 500 yards of the enemy, who was well posted on high hills, behind works erected during the night, our skirmish lines being not over fifty yards apart in our front. We had a quiet morning, disturbed only by occasional skirmish firing, until about 11 o'clock, when the enemy attempted to move some artillery he had placed in position. My men opened on him with their rifles, provoking him to fire a few shots. We soon silenced his guns and prevented their removal. We remained comparatively quiet from this time until about 4 p.m., when the grand charge was made along our lines, and, according to instructions, seeing the success of the charge on my left, I charged the works opposite me, carrying them and capturing 8 pieces of artillery (light 12's), ammunition in 4 limber-chests, 1 wagon loaded with grape and canister, 2 mules, and between 200 and 300 prisoners; no exact account of these latter can be given, as they were taken to the rear immediately. I went into camp for the night on the ground just taken from the enemy, throwing up light works for protection.

I would notice especially the conduct of the regimental commanders-Colonel O. W. Sterl, One hundred and fourth Ohio; Lieutenant Colonel E. L. Hayes, One hundredth Ohio; Lieutenant Colonel L. H. Rousseau, Twelfth Kentucky; Captain Jacob Miller, Sixteenth Kentucky; and Captain J. W. Berry, Eighth Tennessee-who were always present with their commands, leading them in the charge.

The Twelfth Kentucky, being nearest the enemy's works, were the first to reach them, securing four guns. The other four were taken jointly

