
by the One hundredth Ohio and Eighth Tennessee. I cannot praise too highly the conduct of all the command, both officers and men, and I feel that I was honored in being assigned to such a command at such a time. I would especially mention Captain J. H. Brown, Twelfth Kentucky, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant D. M. Stearns, One hundred and fourth Ohio, acting aide-de-camp, who behaved in the most gallant manner.

The casualties of the brigade were small, 9 wounded being the total-One hundred and fourth Ohio, 3; Twelfth Kentucky, 5; Sixteenth Kentucky, 1.

The hill charged being steep, the enemy fired over us, as they also seemed to do in the valley through which the left of the brigade passed.

Before closing this report I would refer to the fact that McArthur's division, of the Sixteenth Army Corps, claim to have taken the four pieces captured by the One hundredth Ohio and Eighth Tennessee without any shadow of right, as the One hundredth Ohio and Eighth Tennessee drove the enemy from them, taking a large number of prisoners, besides the two mules and the ammunition wagon. The One hundredth Ohio had placed a guard over them, but the pieces were subsequently removed by order of Major General A. J. Smith, as was also the wagon.

I respectfully submit herewith reports of regimental commanders.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. C. DOOLITTLE,

Colonel Eighteenth Michigan Infantry, Commanding.

Captain THEO. COX,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 130. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Laurence H. Rousseau, Twelfth Kentucky Infantry, of operations November 30 and December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. TWELFTH KENTUCKY VETERAN VOL. INFANTRY,Nashville, Tenn., December 7, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report, in obedience to order just received, the operations of the Twelfth Kentucky Infantry at Franklin, Tenn., on the 30th of November, as follows:

My regiment was exceedingly fatigued by recent fighting and marching, when about noon of the 30th of November we marched into Franklin, and were assigned our position on the left of the Sixteenth Kentucky Infantry, both regiments, as was also the Eighth Tennessee Infantry, being in reserve to the remainder of the brigade. The space of time between our arrival and the engagement of the 30th was employed in cooking and sleeping, the men being sadly in need of both food and rest. When it became evident that the enemy was determined to attack I moved my regiment, by order of General Reilly, under shelter of the slight but steep ascent upon which the line of works in our immediate front was built. Our position was at this time in rear about fifty paces of the extreme left of the brigade. The assault commenced a very few minutes after I had made this move. I had my men in readiness to move to any point the instant I should receive orders. After remaining in this position a very short period I observed the line of works at and near the old cotton-gin in the angle of the line being

