
abandoned by our troops; seeing the danger, and well knowing the disastrous consequences that would follow if the enemy should gain the works at this point, I ordered my regiment on my own responsibility forward to the works. Upon our arrival at that point I found a sufficient extent of the line abandoned into which to throw my whole regiment. The enemy had possession of the outside of the works, their officers calling on them to hold the works, "that they had them, if they knew it." Their colors were planted on our works, and a number of their men had gained the top and fired down into our ranks; even bayonets and clubbed muskets were used. After a severe struggle we gave the enemy a check, and our line was becoming stronger and stronger every moment by the return of those who had at first abandoned them.

To hold the works after this crisis against the assault which were again and again made was a task comparatively easy. When the repulse was finally completed, and a skirmish line was ordered out in front, a portion of my men were sent out, and the regiment was ordered back to the position it occupied at the beginning of the assault. Some little time before we withdrew across the river a detail of twenty men, with non-commissioned officers and a captain, was called for, which I furnished; immediately after I furnished two companies to report to Colonel Hayes, commanding the One hundredth Ohio, at his own request, to enable him to hold his portion of his line, against which the enemy was making repeated assaults.

The fatigues which my regiment had to undergo were of the severest kind. My men were without rest and sleep four nights in succession, having performed fatigue and picket duty in very heavy details, fought until midnight at Columbia on the 29th, marched to Franklin by noon of the 30th, fought until 11 o'clock the night of the 30th, and then marched to this place.

In regard to the conduct of the officers of my regiment, I deem it unnecessary to make any remark; they all did their duty to the fullest extent. But I would beg leave to mention particularly the conspicuous bravery and coolness of Captain John Trayis, Company B, acting major; Thomas Speed, adjutant; Captains Brown, Company D, Grozier, Company C, and Lieutenant J. B. Francis, Company I, and Lieutenant D. Gray, Company I. These all I saw myself, and can bear testimony to their valuable service.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant STEARNS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. TWELFTH KENTUCKY VETERAN VOL. INFANTRY,Near Spring Hill, Tenn., December 22, 1864.

I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Twelfth Kentucky Veteran Volunteer Infantry, in front of Nashville, on the 15th and 16th December, 1864:

Early on the morning of the 15th my regiment was withdrawn from the line of works it had occupied on the right of the Franklin pike, and massed with the brigade in rear of the position the brigade had occupied. During the greater portion of the day, being in reserve, we remained inactive, merely moving in mass with the troops that were held in reserve. It was late in the afternoon, when apparently the flank

