
movement to the right was completed, that we first came in contact with the enemy. This was when the First Brigade moved up in line to support the troops on the right of the Second Division, who were very briskly engaged. It was almost dark when we closed up to within a few paces of the rear, and were ordered to lie down and shelter ourselves behind the crest of the hill. In this position we remained perhaps two hours, when the troops in our front moved to the left, and we were ordered to advance to the crest of this hill and build works. The portion of the line occupied by my regiment in this position was the summit of the elevation, with the right refused to about a perpendicular to the left wing. In this position we threw up very secure works, which proved to be of great benefit on the next day. The morning of the 16th showed us that we were in very close proximity to the enemy, as we learned afterward by actual measurement only 400 yards from their line of works built the night previous. Until about 3 p.m. we remained in our works, sheltered from sharpshooters, which was very brisk. We annoyed the enemy to a considerable extent ourselves, and prevented their using a battery of four guns upon us, which was planted in our immediate front, and also prevented their removing it, when they attempted to do so. About 3 p.m. we received orders to charge the enemy's works. At the command my men moved out promptly, though in consequence of the right being refused to the rear, that portion of the regiment was unable to move with the left wing; however, being very energetically urged forward by Captain Travis, it was brought up very promptly. The enemy gave us several very severe volleys at first, but upon the whole made very feeble resistance. We went into their works and found we had captured 4 pieces of artillery, each with a limber-chest full of ammunition, 51 prisoners, and 40 entrenching tools, besides a considerable number of small-arms, which I neglected to have gathered up until too late, and found that some other troops had removed them.

In the operations of the two days my loss was small, only 5 men slightly wounded.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Twelfth Kentucky Veteran Volunteer Infantry.

Captain J. H. BROWN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 131. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John S. White, Sixteenth Kentucky Infantry, of operations November 30, 1864.
HDQRS. SIXTEENTH KENTUCKY Regiment VET. VOL. INFANTRY,Nashville, Tenn., December 6, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment on the 30th ultimo, in the engagement at Franklin, Tenn.:

This regiment arrived at Franklin at 12 noon of that day and went into position on east side of Columbia pike, with its right resting on same, and proceeded immediately to throw up works. Before completing these I received orders to stand to arms, the firing having commenced in front. I formed my men behind these works, where I remained

27 R R-VOL XLV, PT I

