
quiet, until observing a portion of the line in my front give way, I ordered my regiment to charge the enemy, who were occupying the works so abandoned, which it did, engaging them in a hand-to-hand conflict, which lasted about forty minutes. I succeeded in driving them beyond the works, inflicting a heavy loss. Many prisoners were taken by my regiments; as to send them to the rear. This position was held until about 10 p.m., when I was ordered to withdraw, which I did, moving in the direction of Nashville, at which place I arrived morning of Nashville, at which place I arrived morning of December 1.

List of casualties: Commissioned officers-killed, 2; wounded, 3. Enlisted men-killed, 8; wounded, 40; missing, 16. Total, killed, 10; wounded 43; missing, 16. Aggregate, 69.

I have the honor to be, respectfully,

J. S. WHITE,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Sixteenth Kentucky Regiment Vet. Infantry.

Lieutenant STEARNS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 132. Report of Captain Jacob Miller, Sixteenth Kentucky Infantry, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. SIXTEENTH KENTUCKY VETERAN VOL. INFANTRY,Spring Hill, Tenn., December 22, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part my regiment took in the movement of the army on the 15th and 16th instant:

On the 16th [15th] instant, at 6.30 a.m., we moved from our camp in rear of our works, on the right of the Franklin pike, and formed column, by division, en masse with the brigade. Soon after orders were received, and we moved to the right of our line, where our regiment again formed line of battle, the One hundred and fourth Ohio and Twelfth Kentucky resting in our front. At 12 m. it was evident that a move was being made to the right. At 1 p.m. orders were again received, and we continued our movement slowly to the right. At 4 p.m. we again formed line of battle for the purpose of supporting the Third Brigade of the Second Division, which at the time was advancing a short distance to the right and about 100 yards to the front. Soon the rattle of musketry was heard, and we were ordered forward on double-quick to form on their right and rear, their right having become hotly pressed. Night coming on the Third Brigade, Second Division, was withdrawn and we moved forward and took position on the line they had occupied, with our right resting on the Twelfth Kentucky and left on the One hundredth Ohio. By direction of Colonel Doolittle, commanding brigade, we constructed a line of earth-works during the night to protect our front. During the whole time we were constructing our works the enemy's sharpshooters, a few hundred yards in our front, and immediately in front of works they were at the same time constructing, kept up a constant firing. On the morning of the 16th no change on the part of the enemy in our front was visible, only that they had finished their works, some 400 yards distant, which looked very formidable. The sharpshooters continued their firing,

