
at 8.30 o'clock one man of Company D, while coming from the rear of the works, was struck in the left hip, causing a severe flesh wound. We remained in this position until 3 p.m., when we were ordered to charge and occupy the enemy's works in our immediate front, which we did, driving the enemy's skirmishers before us and their artillerists from their guns, who were just in the act of charging them with canister. Night coming on, we encamped some 200 yards to the left and rear of the enemy's works, constructing a line of earth-works.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JACOB MILLER,

Captain, Commanding Sixteenth Kentucky Veteran Volunteer Infantry.

Captain J. H. BROWN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 133. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Edwin L. Hayes, One hundredth Ohio Infantry, of operations November 30 and December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. 100TH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Nashville, Tenn., December 6, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the battle at Franklin, Tenn., November 30:

My regiment was the extreme right regiment of the brigade and division, my right resting on the Franklin and Columbia pike, fronting nearly south, the left connecting with the One hundred and fourth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry. I had thrown up a temporary breast-work, with head-logs on top and an abatis in front. The First Kentucky Battery was then placed in my line, cutting embrasures in my work, and displacing three companies. To cover these companies I threw up a light earth-work about three rods in rear of my main line. A brigade of General Wagner's division, Fourth Corps, was some 200 or 300 yards in our front. About 4 p.m. the enemy advanced in three lines upon them. They fell back upon us, coming in on the right flank and over our works. They filled our trenches so that we were unable to use our guns, and creating considerable confusion, the enemy reaching our works almost simultaneously with them. I immediately ordered the men belonging to the Fourth Corps to fall back and reform in rear of the second of works, which order some of my men upon the right mistook as meaning them, and fell back with the colors, but immediately rallied and went back upon my ordering the color-sergeant, Byron C. Baldwin, to advance and plant the colors upon the works. The battery men deserting their pieces, a space was left around the guns between my right and left, which was filled by some men of the Sixteenth Kentucky; at the same time the regiment on the right of the road gave way, and the enemy poured in over the pike onto my right flank. The Forty-fourth Illinois here charged with my right and forced the enemy back beyond the works. From this time until we were ordered to leave the works, at 10.30 p.m., six distinct charges were made upon my right, and repulsed each time. I was exposed to a murderous enfilading fire from our works on the right of the road, which was held by the enemy, never having been retaken

