
by the troops on our right after the first charge. A large proportion of our missing were captured on the skirmish line, which was in advance of the Fourth Corps.

I would particularly mention the distinguished gallantry of Captain W. W. Hunt (acting major), who fell while nobly fighting at the front works, and of Lieutenant M. A. Brown, who was on the skirmish line, and was wounded while falling back upon the main line, and was killed inside of the works, urging the men to stand fast. Color-Sergt. Byron C. Baldwin fell with the colors in his hand, and wrapped them around him in his death struggle.

It would be invidious in me to mention any of the survivors where all did so nobly, both officers and men sustained the character they always bore as brave soldiers.

The following is the number of men engaged and our loss in killed, wounded, and missing: Number of men engaged, 250. Commissioned officers-killed, 2 (1 not mustered); wounded, 1. Enlisted men-killed, 6; wounded, 24; missing, 32. Total, 65.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. L. HAYES,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding 100th Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Brigadier General JAMES W. REILLY,

Commanding First Brigadier, Third Div., Twenty-third Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS 100TH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Spring Hill, Tenn., December 22, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the operations of the 15th and 16th instant:

Our movements on the 15th are not worthy of notice, as we simply moved with the brigade around to the right to the support of General Smith's forces and went into position that evening; that night we threw up a line of works, and on the morning of the 16th found the enemy's line also thrown up in the night in plain view in our immediate front. Skirmishing was kept up until about 3.30 p.m., when a charge was made along the whole line. My regiment advanced up a ravine, driving their skirmishers out of their pits until we reached the enemy's line of works, when, in connection with the Eighth Tennessee Volunteer Infantry, we captured four pieces of artillery and quite a number of prisoners, but as these were at once sent to the rear their numbers cannot be correctly given. The regiment pushed on, making a swing to the right until we formed a line perpendicular to the one we had just left, and on the crest of the hill, where we threw up a new line of works and encamped for the night.

We did not lose a man.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. L. HAYES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding 100th Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

[Captain J. H. BROWN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

