
became apparent that this charge was repulsed, the firing was stilled, and those of the rebels in the ditches who were not killed or wounded were ordered to ground arms and surrender, when about 300 climbed over the works and were sent to the rear. Then almost immediately second charge of the rebels followed, equaled only in fierce determination and bravery by that of the first charge; this was again met by a fire equally as true in aim and destruction as before, resulting in the complete repulse of the enemy, when about 200 more prisoners were taken in over the works. By the time the second charge was repulsed night had come, and, though firing was afterward directed at our line from the front, and replied to by our men, yet no subsequent charge was successful in reaching near to our works. The regiment remained in the works until after 11 p.m., when, with their command, retired across the Harpeth River, and took up the line of march toward Nashville.

Eleven rebel battle-flags were taken in front of our lines (two by Color-Corpl. Newton H. Hall,* Company I, who shot their bearers, and crossed over and captured them during the heaviest of the firing); 9 of them were turned over to brigade headquarters; the others are reported as having been sent to friends at home by mail before it was known by the captors that they should be turned over, or orders received requiring it. The slaughter of the rebels way very great, the ditches were filled with them, and the ground for many rods in front was literally covered with their dead and wounded.

The officers and men all did nobly, and when the battle was ended and the rolls called scarcely any were missing.

Our casualties in this engagement were: Kille, 1 commissioned officer, 16 enlisted men; wounded, 2 commissioned officers, 32 enlisted men; missing, 6 enlisted men; total, 3 commissioned officers and 54 enlisted men.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

O. W. STERL,

Colonel, 104th Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

ACTG. ASST. ADJT. General, 1ST Brigadier, 3rd DIV., 23rd A. C.
HEADQUARTERS 104TH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Near Spring Hill, Tenn., December 22, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with instructions, I would respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and fourth Ohio Infantry Volunteers in the operations of the 15th and 16th of December, in front of Nashville, Tenn.:

Having been relieved from our position in the works to the right of the Franklin pike, in connection with the rest of the brigade, the One hundred and fourth moved to the right of the Granny White pike, in rear of the Fourth Corps; remained there until 1 p.m., when this regiment, in connection with the rest of the brigade, was moved off to the right, through the works, marching in the rear and parallel to the Fourth Corps and Smith's corps until we had gained the extreme right, when, changing direction, we were moved to the front, crossing the Hillsborough pike over the ridge on which the Fifteenth Indiana battery was in position and into a corn-field, where the brigade was halted in column of regiments, the One hundred and fourth in front. Here we lost three men wounded from gunshots from the enemy posted on the ridge in front of

---------------

*Awarded a Medal of Honor.

---------------

