
us. The troops in our immediate front being at this time pressed very hard by the enemy, the First Brigade was ordered up for support, the One hundred and fourth taking the advance. Moving up under protection of the ridge we obtained position without loss. Remaining quiet until after dark, the brigade was placed in position in line of battle, the One hundred and fourth on the right and flank. The night was passed in throwing up works. December 16, remained in position in our works until between 3 and 4 p.m., when the order came for the First Brigade to charge the works in front of us. The One hundred and fourth having been placed on the flank in the works at an angle with our main line we were detained some little time in changing front. On reaching their works the enemy were found flying in confusion, having abandoned them without much resistance. The brigade again going into position in line of battle, the One hundred and fourth on the left, temporary works were thrown up during the night.

Very respectfully,

O. W. STERL,

Colonel 104th Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

[Captain J. H. BROWN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 135. Report of Captain James W. Berry, Eighth Tennessee Infantry, of operations December 15-16, 1864 .
HDQRS. EIGHTH TENNESSEE VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Near Spring Hill, Tenn., December 22, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that during the operation against the enemy's left, in front of Nashville, on the 15th of December, this regiment, with the others composing the brigade, was held in reserve as support for the Third Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps. During the night of the 15th the latter brigade was withdrawn and our own advanced and occupied the ground, throwing up during the night strong breast-works, which we occupied until about 2 o'clock of the following day. About this hour the brigade was ordered to charge the works in their front, which was successfully done. In this charge this regiment held the extreme left of the line of our brigade. In that portion of the works taken by this regiment, in connection with the One hundredth Ohio, were captured four pieces of artillery, which, or at least two of them, were being loaded by the gunners, but they were so closely pressed that they were compelled to abandon them, leaving the charges in the muzzles of the guns. These two regiments also captured two mules and wagon, the latter being loaded with grape and canister. Subsequently this regiment moved forward about 150 yards to the crest of a hill, built temporary works and camped for the night, and the next morning we found the enemy gone.

We lost none in these actions.

Respectfully,

J. W. BERRY,

Captain, Commanding Eighth Tennessee Infantry.

Captain J. H. BROWN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

