
Numbers 136. Reports of Colonel John S. Casement, One hundred and third Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations November 22-30 and December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,Nashville, Tenn., December 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade from November 22, the time of leaving Pulaski, until November 30, the day we arrived at Franklin:

Left Pulaski on the 22nd and marched to Lynville, distance twelve miles. On the 23rd and 24th marched to Columbia, distance seventeen miles, and went into position on a ridge about one mile south of the town, the right of the brigade resting on the Mount Pleasant pike, and threw up works. On the 25th the Sixty-fifth Illinois, Lieutenant Colonel W. S. Stewart commanding, was ordered to the front to relieve the Sixteenth Kentucky Infantry, which was occupying a rail barricade commanding the crossing of a creek near the skirmish line. The regiment was hardly in position when a brisk skirmish ensued, during which our skirmish line was driven in, but the enemy finding that they could not dislodge Colonel Stewart with their infantry fire, got batteries into position and opened a cross-fire of artillery on him, which obliged him to retire a short distance. Soon afterward three companies of the same regiment were sent to occupy the barricade, which they did until the next morning, but not without considerable loss. At about 12 o'clock on the night of the 25th the brigade withdrew across Duck River, leaving our skirmish line skirmish line in its original position. On the 27th the One hundred and twenty-fourth Indiana, commanded by Colonel John M. Orr, was ordered to Rutherford's Creek, with instructions to picket all roads leading to the east. Colonel Orr afterward received further orders from General Ruger, for which you are referred to his report. On the evening of the 29th we withdrew from the vicinity of Columbia, and reached Franklin at daylight the next morning.

Our loss in killed, wounded, and missing is as follows: Commissioned officers-Captain Robert S. Montgomery, Captain Axel F. Ekstrom, and Lieutenant James Miller, Sixty-fifth Illinois Volunteers, wounded. Enlisted men-One hundred and twenty-fourth Indiana, 1 killed, 9 wounded, 39 missing; Sixty-fifth Illinois, 3 killed, 15 wounded, 5 missing; Fifth Tennessee, 1 wounded, 3 missing. Total, 4 killed, 25 wounded, and 47 missing.

I inclose herewith the reports of regimental commanders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. CASEMENT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain THEO. COX,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Div., 23rd Army Corps.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,Nashville, Tenn., December 5, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with orders received from headquarters Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this brigade during the battle of the 30th ultimo:

The brigade went into position at about 9 a.m., east of the Columbia pike, forming the center of the division, facing south, in the following

