
order: Sixty-fifth Indiana, Lieutenant Colonel J. W. Hammond commanding, on the right; Sixty-fifth Illinois, Lieutenant Colonel W. S. Stewart commanding, in the center; One hundred and twenty-fourth Indiana, Colonel John M. Orr commanding, on the left; and the Fifth Tennessee, Major D. G. Bowers commanding, in the reserve; and threw up strong works, with an abatis of Osage orange. The enemy attacked in force at about 4 p.m., engaging the whole line. The firing was kept up with great vigor until dark, during which time the enemy made several distinct charges, but were repulsed each time with terrible slaughter. Soon after dark the firing ceased and a skirmish line was advanced, when a large number of the enemy's killed and wounded were found; among the former was Brigadier-General Adams. During the engagement quite a number of prisoners came over our works and were passed to the rear, but it is impossible to form any correct estimate of the number taken by this brigade.

Our loss in killed and wounded was as follows: Sixty-fifth Indiana, 1 killed, 5 wounded; One hundred and twenty-fourth Indiana, 1 killed, 5 wounded; Sixty-fifth Illinois, 1 wounded; Fifth Tennessee, 1 killed, 5 wounded; total, 3 killed and 16 wounded. Among the wounded was Lieutenant Amos Groenendyke, Company F, One hundred and twenty-fourth Indiana.

Both officers and men did their whole duty; not a man left the works unless ordered to do so, which accounts for the small loss.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. CASEMENT,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain THEO. COX, Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,Spring Hill, Tenn., December 22, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders received, I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this brigade during the battles of the 15th and 16th instant:

We withdrew from our line near the Franklin pike at daybreak on the morning of the 15th and massed out of sight of the enemy, where we remained until after noon, and then moved to the right of the army and went into position at dark, east of the Hillsborough pike, the First Brigade of this division being on our right and the Sixteenth Corps on the left, and during the night threw up works, which we occupied during the next day, and as our line was within easy musket-range of the enemy, they annoyed us considerably during the day with musketry fire; but at about 4 o'clock in the afternoon a portion of the Sixteenth Corps charged and took a hill in our front, on which the enemy had a strong line of fortifications, and the First Brigade of this division charged at about the same time and carried the hill in their front, which relieved us entirely. We then moved to the right and occupied the works vacated by the First Brigade, where we remained during the night.

Our loss is as follows: Wounded-One hundred and twenty-fourth Indiana Volunteers, 3; Fifth Tennessee Volunteers, 1; Sixty-fifth Illinois Volunteers, 5; total, 9.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. CASEMENT,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain THEO. COX,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Div., 23rd Army Corps.

