
Numbers 137. Report of Lieutenant Colonel W. Scott Stewart, Sixty-fifth Illinois Infantry, of operations November 22-30, 1864.
HDQRS. SIXTY-FIFTH ILLINOIS VETERAN VOL. INFANTRY,Nashville, Tenn., December 6, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with circular of December 5, I hereby have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Sixty-fifth Illinois from November 22 to November 30, 1864:

The regiment left Pulaski, Tenn., on the 22nd of November, at 7 a.m., marched seven miles, and went into camp near Lynnville; the next day it broke camp at 1 p.m., and marched about eight miles on the road toward Columbia; the march was continued early on the 24th, and the regiment arrived at Columbia at about noon, when it immediately took up position south of the city and entrenched strongly. At 11 o'clock the following day the regiment was ordered out on picket duty, and was posted as reserve of the skirmish line, behind a protecting rail breast-work. Shortly, after the regiment was in possible the enemy advanced in force, but he was checked as soon as the front was cleared from our retiring skirmishers by our promptly delivered fire. The enemy not deeming further attempt to advance his infantry prudent, brought his artillery into position, and the regiment was exposed to a severe fire from the front and the right flank. The rail fence proved to be a pernicious position, for the regiment crowded behind it, and to prevent a useless and great loss of life, the order was given to retire. With the loss of 1 officer and 3 men wounded (severely) and 1 private killed, the regiment fell about seventy-five yards back, under the shelter of the hill crest. The line was immediately established, and Companies B, G, and K, under command of Captain R. S. Montgomery, advanced as skirmishers into the old position behind the rail breast-work. After dark the regiment, in compliance with received orders, marched back to camp, leaving the above-mentioned detachment on the skirmish line. It crossed the Duck River the same night, and went into camp one mile and a half north of Columbia early on the morning of the 26th. Companies B, G, K, held, according to orders, their position against the enemy's pressing infantry and most destructive artillery, and at 7 o'clock on the 26th of November, after having lost more than one-third of their number, the companies retired in good order and fell back to the first line of breast-works, where they remained until the 27th of November; they crossed the river after dark and joined last at night the regiment. The regiment remained in camp until the 29th, when it in the evening resumed the march, and arrived at Franklin early in the morning of the 30th; distance, twenty-five miles.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. STEWART,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Sixty-fifth Illinois.

Captain C. D. RHODES,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 23rd Army Corps.

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties of file, shows 3 men killed, 3 officers and 15 men wounded, and 5 men missing during the month of November, 1864.

---------------

