
Numbers 138. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John W. Hammond, Sixty-fifth Indiana Infantry, of operations November 22-30, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTY-FIFTH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Nashville, Tenn., December 6, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of operations of my regiment from the 22nd of November, 1864, to the date of our arrival at Franklin, Tenn.:

The regiment was with the brigade all the time covered by this report. The only items worthy of special notice (if any are) are the following: On the 25th two companies (E and F), under Major Baker, were sent up Duck River, on the north side, to reconnoiter the fords for five miles, which he did, and returned at 12.30 p.m., having found the fords impracticable and no enemy in sight of them. Company D was sent the same day to Rutherford's Creek to construct a foot bridge, which was done, and the company left there on picket, and joined the command at Spring Hill on the night of the 29th of November. The march from Columbia to Franklin, twenty-two miles, from 8 p.m. to 4.30 a.m., with scarcely a halt, would be worthy of notice if the regiment had been separated from the brigade. The regiment arrived at Franklin, Tenn., November 30, 4.30 a.m., not having lost a single man, so far as known, by straggling or otherwise.

I was ordered to hold my regiment as a reserve to the First Brigade, guarding the ford at Columbia, on the 28th and 29th of November. There the regiment was under some shelling from the enemy's batteries, but, with its usual happy fortune, sustained no loss. Beyond this, nothing occurred out of the usual routine until the battle of Franklin, a report of which is not desired.

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN W. HAMMOND,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain C. D. RHODES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 139. Report of Colonel John M. Orr, One hundred and twenty-fourth Indiana Infantry, of operations November 28-30, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS 124TH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Nashville, Tenn., December 7, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of the One hundred and twenty-fourth Indiana Volunteers since the afternoon of the 28th of November, 1864, at which time my regiment was detached, by order of Colonel J. S. Casement, from the brigade, and ordered to the rear to guard the crossing at Rutherford's Creek, near Columbia:

On the afternoon of the 29th I received orders from Major-General Schofield to picket all roads running east for a distance of one mile from the pike, between Rutherford's Creek and Spring Hill, Company B being left on picket on said creek. In compliance with orders, I moved

