
the remainder of the command forward. After moving two or three miles, Company C was ordered by General Ruger to move off the road and into the woods to the support of his own pickets. The company was posted by his assistant adjutant-general, there to await the order of the general. Moving on to Poplar Grove, five companies (D, E, H, I, and K), under command of Lieutenant Colonel Henry H. Neff, were placed on a road leading east. Companies A, F, and G, under my own immediate command, advanced toward Spring Hill, some one mile and a half or two miles from Poplar Grove. While here cannonading could be distinctly heard in the direction of Spring Hill. Report soon came by courier that the enemy held the pike in my immediate front, and were advancing. Company A was immediately deployed as skirmishers and advanced upon the enemy. Companies F and G were ordered to blockade the pike. They were then ordered to the front as skirmishers, which order was promptly obeyed, and soon connected their left with the right of the advancing line. Company A soon became hotly engaged with the enemy; Companies F and G were also soon engaged, forcing the enemy to retire, after which I ordered the companies previously stationed on the roads to move forward and join their command. Company A lost one man, seriously wounded through the left lung, who was left at a house near by, and fell into the enemy's hands. From here we moved on toward Franklin, where we arrived at 6 a.m. 30th, here going into position with the brigade. While here Company B joined us from off picket at Columbia, having been detained until the rear of the army had passed; Company C failed to report. It was placed on picket, by order of Brigadier-General Ruger, there awaiting his orders to be relieved, but he failing to give the necessary instructions, the company is supposed to have maintained its position awaiting for orders, but receiving none, was captured by the enemy.

JNO. M. ORR,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain C. D. RHODES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 140. Report of Major David G. Bowers, Fifth Tennessee Infantry, of operations November 22-30, 1864.
HDQRS. FIFTH Regiment EAST TENNESSEE VOL. INFTY.,Nashville, Tenn., December 5, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with circular just received, bearing date of the present instant, I respectfully submit the following report of the operations of the Fifth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers, viz:

On the 22nd of November, at daylight, I received orders to march, and took up the line of march from Pulaski, on the Columbia pike, and arrived at Lynnville at 11 a.m., a distance of twelve miles from Pulaski. At Lynnville we went into camp, and remained quiet until 1 p.m. November 23, at which time I received orders from General Cox to report to Colonel Casement, commanding Second Brigade, Third Division, and at the brigade, and marched until 7 p.m., and then went into camp, having marched a distance of eleven miles. I received orders to be ready to march at 5 o'clock on the morning of the 24th, and took up the line of march at daylight toward Columbia. We arrived at Columbia at 10

