
the Fourth Corps, on the Hillsborough pike. Near noon I marched farther to the right, following the First Brigade, and supporting the Sixteenth Corps and a portion of the cavalry. At night I took position on a high hill on the extreme right of the infantry, and occupied the adjoining heights by a strong force of skirmishers. Some time in the afternoon of the next day the cavalry on our right advanced, and the skirmishers of my command were ordered forward with them. About this time a successful charge was made by the infantry on my left, and the enemy in my front was driven from his position. At this time I received an order from General Cox to move two regiments forward, form on the left of the cavalry, and advance with it. I found, in attempting to comply with this order, that the cavalry, meeting with little or no resistance, was moving so rapidly that it was impossible for me to operate with it. Soon after I received orders to bivouac for the night.

My only loss was that of three enlisted men wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. STILES,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain THEO. COX,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 142. Report of Captain Giles J. Cockerill, Battery D, First Ohio Light Artillery, of operations November 22-December 1, 1864.
HDQRS. BATTERY D, FIRST OHIO LIGHT ARTILLERY,Near Columbia, Tenn., December 30, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of the batteries of Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, from the 22nd day of November, 1864, on which day they moved from Pulaski, Tenn., to the 1st day of December, 1864, at which time they arrived at Nashville, Tenn.:

Late in the day, November 21, 1864, I received orders to have the batteries of the division in readiness to move early the following day, 22nd instant. In compliance, I notified the commanding officers of the batteries-Fifteenth and Twenty-third Indiana and Battery D, First Ohio Light Artillery-of the division of the import of the order. Agreeably to your order, the batteries marched on the 22nd instant, taking the road leading to Lynnville, Tenn.; reached Lynnville about 1 p.m.; went into camp short distance out from the town. Remained here until 2 p.m. of the day following, when I received orders to prepare to move at once. This order was immediately transmitted to Captain Harvey and Lieutenant Wilber, commanding, respectively, the Fifteenth and Twenty-third Indiana Batteries, and shortly thereafter the batteries were in line of march in direction of Columbia, Tenn., marching until 7 p.m., and when distant about six miles from Columbia, where they halted for the night. 3 a.m. the day following, 23rd instant, I received orders to have the batteries in readiness to move immediately. This order I at once transmitted to the battery commanders of the division, and soon thereafter to the battery commanders of the division, and soon thereafter they were on the road marching in direction of Columbia, Tenn. When near Columbia I left the Lynnville and Columbia pike and crossed to the Mount Pleasant pike, which I reached about 8 a.m., and just as the advance of the enemy's cavalry was nearing town (Columbia), driving before them our own cavalry. I at once placed one section of Battery D, under Lieu-

