
tenant Vincent, on the left of and near the pike, near the residence of Mrs. Wilson, and 600 or 700 yards in advance of the main line, and in rear of this section, on the main line, I stationed the Twenty-third Indiana Battery. Just to the right of the pike, and on the same line with the Twenty-third Indiana Battery, I stationed the other section of Battery D, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery, under Lieutenant Reed, and still farther to the right I placed the Fifteenth Indiana Battery, on the main line. These positions they maintained until the night of the 25th instant, when, in obedience to orders, I withdrew them to the opposite side of the river (Duck) and placed them in park. While in position on south side of the river there were expended on the 25th instant a total of 198 rounds shell-84 by Fifteenth Indiana Battery and 114 rounds by Battery D, First Ohio Volunteer Light Artillery. During the 26th and 27th of November the batteries remained in park. On the morning of the 28th instant the batteries were again placed in positions which were, in my opinion, well calculated to dispute the crossing of the river by the enemy-the Twenty-third and one section of the Fifteenth Indiana Batteries in such positions as to command the ferry or ford; the other section of Fifteenth Indiana Battery farther to the right and near the residence of Mrs. Brown; Battery D, First Ohio Volunteer Light Artillery, to their left, on the line with Colonel Casement's brigade, commanding other crossing of the river. During the engagements of the 29th instant one section of Battery D, First Ohio Volunteer Light Artillery, under Lieutenant Reed, was moved to different parts of the line and used with good effect at different times, silencing the guns on the enemy's extreme left. In these positions there were expended on the 28th and 29th instant a total of 834 rounds shell, 40 rounds canister, and 5 rounds case shot-by Fifteenth Indiana Battery, 333 rounds shell and 40 rounds canister; by Twenty-third Indiana Battery, 297 rounds shell; and by Battery D, First Ohio Volunteer Light Artillery, 204 rounds shell and 5 rounds case-shot. In obedience to orders the batteries were withdrawn early in the night of 29th instant, and immediately took up line of march on Columbia and Franklin pike, reaching Franklin 7 a.m. 30th instant. Crossed the river Big Harpeth, and one battery (Battery D, First Ohio Volunteer Light Artillery) was placed in Fort Granger, from which position it expended 160 rounds shell and 3 rounds case-shot. The Fifteenth and Twenty-third Indiana Batteries were placed in part after crossing the river, where they remained during the day. About 2 a.m. December 1 moved out, in obedience to orders, in direction of Nashville, where I arrived 12 m. December 1, 1864.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. J. COCKERILL,

Captain and Chief of Arty., Third Div., Twenty-third Army Corps.

Captain THEO. COX,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Div., 23rd Army Corps.

Numbers 143. Report of Major General Andrew J. Smith, U. S. Army, commanding Detachment Army of the Tennessee, of operations November 30, 1864-January 10, 1865.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

Eastport, Miss., January 30, 1864-

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the operations of my command from the date of their arrival at Nashville, Tenn., pursuant to orders

