
as designated, the whole line moving forward. My division being on the flank, the whole swinging on our left as a pivot, our march was necessarily long and tiresome.

After crossing the Hardin road the First Brigade encountered the first redoubt of four guns on the enemy's extreme left. Moving up the Second Brigade to its support, they were immediately formed for assault, both batteries taking position about 300 yards distant. After brisk fire the fort was silenced and the infantry dashed forward. Simultaneous with their advance the cavalry of General Hatch's division charged, and, from their advantageous position, entered the works with my skirmishers and claimed the guns as their capture, which I conceded to them, their gallantry on that occasion being conspicuous, although the fort had been rendered untenable by the fire from my batteries. I then ordered the First Brigade to charge the second hill to the rear of the fort just taken, which they gallantly did, capturing two guns and caissons and a great many prisoners. In this they were supported by the Second Brigade, their skirmishers entering simultaneously with the First Brigade. While this was going on the Third Brigade charged the redoubt commanding the Hillsborough road, and carried it in gallant style; but pressing on in connection with the Second Division, the guns, three in number, were taken into possession by the Fourth Corps, together with a number of prisoners, which might have been properly credited had not Colonel S. G. Hill, commanding brigade, been unfortunately killed in the charge. For further evidence of this I refer to Brigadier-General Garrard, commanding Second Division. Immediately following this General Couch's division, which had come into position by moving around my right and rear, charged the fourth position, a strong hill to our left. Simultaneously with the charge I ordered Colonel L. F. Hubbard, commanding Second Brigade, to move forward on the left of Couch's division, sweeping around the base of the hill, thereby flanking the enemy's position and rendering the charge of General Couch an easier one. This was a bold and successful movement on the part of Colonel L. F. Hubbard's command, and reflects great credit on him in handling his troops so successfully, for he encountered the enemy for a short time in front of him and on his flank, yet did not falter. Our line was then formed for the night and fortified between the Hillsborough and Granny White roads, nearly parallel with the same, thus ending the first day's battle.

On the morning of the 16th, at 8 a.m., I moved the division forward by wheeling to the right on the Twenty-third Corps, forming at right angles to the position held the night previous, with the Granny White road running through between the Second and Third Brigades, and moved up at 9 a.m. to within charging distance of the enemy's main line of works, but finding no dispositions made by the corps on my right to co-operate with me, I ordered the command to construct rifle-pits to protect them from the infantry fire of the enemy's main line, my batteries in the meantime being used with good effect on their works. Continuing in this position until 3 p.m., when, again consulting with Major-General Couch, commanding division on my right, and being informed that he had no orders to advance, and fearing that if delayed until next day the night would be employed by the enemy to our disadvantage, I determined to attack, sending word to this effect to the major-general commanding corps, and no contrary orders being received I prepared for the assault. In order to do so successfully, it was necessary that the hill on the enemy's extreme left and immediately in front of the Twenty-third Corps should be taken first. I ordered

