
the First Brigade, Colonel W. L. McMillen, commanding, to move by the right flank and take position in front of and to take the hill, Major-General Couch sending forward a brigade to occupy and hold the entrenchments vacated by Colonel W. L. McMillen, in case of an emergency, the Second and Third Brigades having orders to charge as soon as the First had advanced half way up the hill, which was the salient point of the position. The First Brigade, with fixed bayonets, without a cheer or firing a shot, but with firm resolve and without doubting their success, commenced the difficult ascent, and without a halt, although exposed to murderous fire, which none but the bravest troops could withstand, planted their colors on the very apex of the hill. At the appointed time the Second and Third Brigades-the Third commanded by Colonel W. R. Marshall, Seventh Minnesota Infantry- moved forward on the enemy's works. Their path lay across a corn-field, traversed by stone walls and ditches, which, together with the softness of the ground, exposed as they were to a direct fire in front, and enfiladed by batteries on the flanks, for a time held with intense interest the most experienced officers who beheld it; but onward was their motto, and their banners were planted on works defended by the choicest troops of the rebel army, calling forth the remark of the rebel officers that powder and lead were inadequate to resist such a charge. Onward still the division pressed, gathering in prisoners by the hundred and guns by batteries (a list of which is appended) until the hills in rear of the enemy's lines were secured, where the line was formed for the night, and attention turned to the many brave officers and men who had so gloriously maintained their country's honor and sealed it with their blood.

In connection with this I wish to mention the services of the agents of the Christian Commission, conspicuous among which were Mr. Carter, of Wisconsin, and other whose names I failed to obtain, who, regardless of personal danger, were everywhere present, ministering to the wounded. A case sustained by such and similar agencies cannot fail.

Before closing the report I beg to bear testimony to the gallantry and heroic fortitude displayed by every officer and soldier of my command; their conduct throughout was par excellence.

In addition to the report already forwarded of officers recommended for promotion I would call your attention to the reports of brigade commanders, transmitted herewith for the names of those officers recommended by them for special mention for gallantry and good conduct. My thanks are also due in an especial manner to the officers and men of the artillery of my division, serving their guns in such a manner as to call forth my highest admiration. I am also greatly indebted to the following members of my staff for valuable services throughout: Captain William H. F. Randall, assistant adjutant-general; Capts. Duncan Mac Lean and John W. Gregg, aides-de-camp; Dr. S. W. Huff, surgeon-in-chief, whose duties were arduous, but not beyond his capabilities; Captain S. Carkener, Thirty-third Missouri Volunteers, judge-advocate and acting aide; Captain E. R. Applegate, Eleventh Missouri Volunteers, ordnance officer; Captain Joseph Mayer, Thirty-fifth Iowa Volunteers, temporarily on duty as aide; Lieutenant P. Meagher, Thirteenth U. S. Infantry, mustering officer and acting aide; Lieutenant Samuel A. L. Law, acting assistant quartermaster; Captain J. A. Leonard, commissary of subsistence, for efficiency in their respective duties; Captain J. P. Houston, acting assistant inspector-general, who was unfortunately wounded

