
while charging with the skirmishers the broken ranks of the enemy. He is a valuable officer. I deeply regret his temporary loss. To all of whom my thanks are due.

In addition to the above report I wish to mention the First Brigade, Third Division, Colonel Ward, Fourteenth Wisconsin Infantry, commanding, consisting of the Fourteenth and Thirty-third Wisconsin and Eighty-first Illinois Infantry, for their promptness in moving forward to support my left on the first days' battle and securing many prisoners.

The following is the list of captures, which needs no comment: Prisoners of war, including Brigadier-Generals Smith and Jackson, 4,273; battle-flags, 13; guns with caissons, 24; small-arms, estimated at 4,500; besides several wagons and horses. There were expended during both days' fighting, 4,681 rounds artillery ammunition; 84,000 rounds of musketry ammunition.

My total casualties, as per report forwarded, are as follows: Killed, 68; wounded, 506, and 1 missing; making a total of killed, wounded, and missing, 575.*

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. McARTHUR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-I wish particularly to mention in connection with this report the gallant conduct of Colonel W. R. Marshall, Seventh Minnesota Infantry Volunteers, commanding Third Brigade, called to take command during the first day's battle and continuing throughout. His admirable management and example stamp him as an officer of rare merit.

J. McARTHUR,

Brigadier-General.

Major J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Detachment Army of the Tennessee.

Numbers 145. Report of Colonel William L. McMillen, Ninety-fifth Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION,DETACHMENT ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

In the Field, December 25, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this command in the recent engagements near Nashville, Tenn., on the 15th and 16th instant:

The following regiments and battery compose the brigade: Seventy-second Ohio Infantry Veteran Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel C. G. Eaton commanding; Ninety-fifth Ohio Infantry Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel Jefferson Brumback commanding; One hundred and fourteenth Illinois Infantry Volunteers, Captain J. M. Johnson commanding; Ninety-third Indiana Infantry Volunteers, Captain Charles A. Hubbard commanding; Tenth Minnesota Infantry Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel S. P. Jennison commanding; Cogswell's Independent Battery Illinois Light Artillery, Second Lieutenant S. H. McClaury commanding.

---------------

*But see revised table, p. 101.

---------------

