
artillery freely, and occasionally advancing the skirmish line, which invariably met with stubborn resistance. Toward noon I commenced digging a rifle-pit protect my first line from the enemy's fire, and also to enable it more securely to hold the ground in case of an assault, preparations for which, on the part of the enemy, I thought could be seen. In front of Couch's division, Twenty-third Army Corps, there was a very steep hill, over the crown of which the enemy's main line extended, and which formed the key point to his works, in front of our division. This hill once carried and securely held, these works, as far as we could see to our left, became untenable, and would necessarily have to be abandoned. Being a position of so much importance it was, of course, guarded by a strong body of troops, besides being so steep, it was supposed no assaulting party could live to reach the summit. We waited long hours for the division of the Twenty-third Army Corps in front of this hill to carry it, intending to advance at the same time and carry the works at its base and our left. At length General McArthur, tired with the long delay and fearful the day would pass without making any serious impression upon the enemy's lines, directed me to withdraw my brigade and "take that hill." This was about 2 o'clock in the afternoon. I immediately withdrew my skirmishers, retired the regiments, and moved them by the right flank to a point opposite the hill to be carried; forming in two lines outside of the works occupied by and in front of Couch's division; supplied empty cartridge boxes, and posted my battery so as to command the enemy's position. The front line consisted of the following regiments, named in their order from right to left: One hundred and fourteenth Illinois Infantry, Captain Johnson commanding; Ninety-third Indiana Infantry, Captain Hubbard commanding; Tenth Minnesota Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel S. P. Jennison commanding; the second line of the Seventy-second Ohio Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel C. G. Eaton commanding, and the Ninety-fifth Ohio, Lieutenant Colonel Jefferson Brumback commanding. After the troops were ready the assault was delayed some time, in consequence of a failure on the part of the ordnance department to supply the battery with ammunition. Ten rounds for each gun were finally procured from Captain Reed, of the Second Iowa Battery, and about 3.30 o'clock I ordered Lieutenant McClaury, commanding Cogswell's Independent Battery, to open on the hill, and under cover of this fire advanced to the assault. Regimental commanders had been instructed to move out silently, with fixed bayonets, and, if possible, gain the enemy's works before delivering their fire. A strong skirmish line had been thrown forward, with orders to advance, firing as soon as the brigade moved. Captain James Fernald, of my staff, was placed in charge of the skirmishers, and, as ever, performed his duty with the utmost daring and gallantry. Quickly and steadily the brigade moved down one hill and up the other to within a few feet of the enemy's parapet, where we received a volley, which on the right went over our heads, but on the left punished the Tenth Minnesota severely. Nothing daunted, this gallant regiment, together with the others composing the front line, cleared the enemy's works with a bound. The two regiments in the second line were inside almost as quickly, having pushed forward with the highest spirit and determination.

Brigadier-General Smith, 84 field, staff, and line officers, and 1,533 enlisted men were captured in this charge, together with 4 battle-flags, 8 cannon, 8 caissons, a large number of small-arms and accouterments. My loss, although not heavy considering the work performed, embraces

