
Numbers 146. Report of Captain Edwin C. Sanders, Tenth Minnesota Infantry, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. TENTH MINNESOTA INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, December 23, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part borne by the Tenth Minnesota Infantry in the battles of the 15th and 16th of this month near Nashville, Tenn.

On the morning of the 15th the regiment, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel S. P. Jennison, moved from the earth-works near Nashville as the center of your command. In the charges which were made during the afternoon of this day it participated and contributed in no small degree toward carrying the strong works of the enemy on the left of his lines, which resulted to him in the loss of six cannon and many prisoners, together with very strong defensible positions. On the morning of the 16th the regiment took position on the left of your brigade, the left resting on the right of the Second Brigade, of General McArthur's division, within musket-range of the enemy's earth-works, and in this position about 100 rods to the right and took position parallel to and in front of the Twenty-third Army Corps, where it remained about forty-five minutes, when it participated in the grand charge so gallantly and successfully made by your command against the salient point of the enemy's works, and did very much toward producing the glorious results of the day.

All the officers and men, during these sanguinary conflicts, were at their posts and nobly did their duty; especially did Lieutenant Colonel Jennison display a high order of those qualities which endear an officer to his command, and by his coolness and noble daring did very much in carrying his regiment repeatedly over the enemy's defenses, the last of which himself did not pass over, being struck down severely wounded while in the act of scaling the works. I should hardly do my duty if I failed to mention Sergeant O'Neill, the color-bearer of the regiment, who particularly distinguished himself in all the charges made, especially so in the last one, in which case he was the first to enter the enemy's works, and, with one toot upon an enemy prostrated by his own hand, waved the regimental colors.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. SANDERS,

Captain, Commanding.

Colonel W. L. McMILLEN, Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 147. Reports of Colonel Lucius F. Hubbard, Fifth Minnesota Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION,DETACHMENT ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

Near Pulaski, Tenn., December 27, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit for the information of the general commanding the following details of the operations of the Second Brigade, First Division, Detachment of the Army of the Tennessee, in the battle of the 15th and 16th instant, near Nashville, Tenn.:

On the evening of the 14th instant I was directed by the general commanding to hold my brigade in readiness to move promptly at 6

