
o'clock on the following morning. In compliance therewith I moved at the hour designated the line of works occupied by the brigade and formed in column of regiments near and to the left of the Charlotte pike. At 8 a.m. I moved out on the pike in column, by the flank, and about a mile from the point of starting was directed by General McArthur to move to the left across the country to the vicinity of the Hardin pike, or until I should be able to connect with the line of the Third Brigade. In executing this movement I encountered a skirmish line of the enemy, which I was required to engage and push back. This, however, involved but little delay; the connection was readily formed and my line established upon the right of the Third Brigade. The regiments were formed in the following order from right to left, viz: Ninth Minnesota Infantry, Fifth Minnesota Infantry, Eleventh Missouri Infantry, and Eighth Wisconsin Infantry, with the Second Iowas Battery in reserve. I advanced in order of echelon by battalion, the formation being made on the left, and with a line of skirmishers, consisting of four companies, one from each regiment, deployed in my front. A steady advance was maintained until about the hour of 12 m., no force of the enemy being encountered that the skirmishers were not enabled to press back. The line swung gradually to the left as the advance progressed, crossing the Hardin pike at an angle and in a southerly direction. About a mile from the point where the line crossed the Hardin pike the enemy began to develop himself in considerable force and to dispute our advance more stubbornly. An entrenched battery of four guns, posted on a commanding eminence to the right of the Hillsborough pike, and a section in position on a hill some 400 yards to the rear, opened upon our advancing line, to which the Second Iowa Battery, in conjunction with the other artillery of the division, returned a spirited fire. A position for the artillery at close range was obtained, and some very effective practice upon the part of our batteries witnessed, which, in conjunction with the operations of the skirmishers, effectually silenced the enemy's guns. Company E, Eleventh Missouri Infantry, Captain Notestine, engaged as skirmishers, advanced to within a dozen yards of the more advanced work of the enemy, from whence they drove the gunners from their pieces. By direction of the general commanding I gained a position as near the enemy's battery as practicable, formed the brigade in two lines, the Fifth and Ninth Minnesota constituting the first and the Eleventh Missouri and Eighth Wisconsin the second line, and prepared to assault the work.

Simultaneously with the line upon my right I advanced at a double-quick, and crossing a deep ravine, moved in a manner to turn the right flank of the position. The enemy made but a feeble effort to check the assault; his infantry gave way in disorder, and his artillery fell into our possession. Captain Notestine's skirmishers, of the Eleventh Missouri, were the first to enter the work, and assisted in turning the captured guns upon the retreating enemy. I pursued as far as the Hillsborough pike, steadily driving everything in my front, and capturing many prisoners, my skirmishers the while pressing up the hill to the rear of the captured position, and entering the work of the enemy simultaneously with the troops upon my right. The enemy now made a strong effort to rally, and showed himself in some force upon my left, which at this time was wholly unsupported. His line of battle was being formed, running across my left, toward the rear, and his skirmishers showed a bold front, and were advancing. I had already deployed a line of skirmishers covering my left flank, which I now re-en

