
forced and ordered forward; at the same time changed front upon the center, right wing forward, thus facing southeasterly, and crossing the Hillsborough pike at nearly a right angle. The Second Iowa Battery in the meantime had taken position to my left and rear, and was throwing shell with marked effect at a body of the enemy maneuvering in my front. The fire of the artillery, and the rapid advance of my skirmishers, two companies of which-Company D, Eighth Wisconsin, Captain Williams, and Company D, Eleventh Missouri, Captain Erwin- charged along the Hillsborough pike at a run, had a very demoralizing effect upon the enemy, who surrendered in large numbers, or retreated in utter disorder. The two companies mentioned captured about 450 prisoners, among whom were several field officers. The prisoners were turned over to Lieutenant Kelly, of General Thomas' staff. I was now directed by the general commanding to remain where I had established my line across the Hillsborough pike until support could be brought up for my left, unless an advance movement was made upon the right; in which case I should also move forward. At about 4 p.m. the troops of the Twenty-third Army Corps, that had formed line upon the right but somewhat to the rear of my position, commenced an advance, which I took up, and swinging to the right, moved across the pike and through the timber up the hill. I had advanced but about sixty rods, when I encountered the enemy in force. His line of battle was formed along the crest of the hill, in a position of some natural advantage, very favorable for defense, and from which I received, for a moment, a sharp and somewhat effective fire; but a very brief encounter with the veterans of the Second Brigade sufficed to break the enemy's line, which recoiled under our withering fire and fell back in disorder before the steady advance I maintained. In the pursuit the retreat of the enemy was rendered a rout; the killed and wounded were strewn thickly along the field, and straggling detachments surrendered at almost every step. Upward of 400 prisoners were sent to the rear. Captain McGrew, of my staff, turned over to Lieutenant Kelly 218 in one body, and numerous squads of from 10 to 20 and upward were sent under guard to the general corral. The pursuit was continued to the Granny White pike, where two pieces of artillery were captured the enemy being so hotly pressed that he abandoned them in the road.

Finding myself far in advance of the troops on my right and being wholly without support upon the left, I deemed it prudent to order a halt, particularly as the enemy was moving up re-enforcements toward my left, and maneuvering as if to turn my flank. I retired my line a few yards, and formed along the crest of a ridge, at the same time ordered up the Second Iowa Battery, whose effective practice checked the movements of the re-enforcing column of the enemy and served to increase the confusion of the retreat. A brigade of the Twenty-third Corps soon formed upon the right in continuation of my line, and the Third Brigade of this division closed up upon my left. It had now become quite dark, and the general commanding directed that I maintain my present position for the night. The men were directed to lay on their arms, each regiment supplied with tools and instructed to intrench its front. I deem it necessary, to complete the record of the Second Brigade in this day's work, to state that in breaking the enemy's line in the final charge of the day, I completely turned the right flank of the position in front of the Twenty-third Corps, which undoubtedly contributed in some measure to the success of its captured and the repulse of its support. At about sunrise on the morning of the 16th instant the general commanding directed me to advance my

