
brigade and feel for the enemy's position. I moved out in line, maintaining the formation of the previous day, my left resting on the Granny White pike. An advance of perhaps a hundred rods developed the enemy's position, and drew from his line a very galling fire. I found him posted behind a line of works running parallel to my front and crossing the Granny White pike at a right angle. I continued to advance under a severe fire until I had reached a point within 300 yards of the works, where the men could cover themselves in a measure, halted, formed the brigade in two lines as on the preceding day, preparatory to an assault, and reported progress tot he general commanding, who instructed me to maintain my position until further dispositions could be made. The Second Iowa Battery, with other artillery of the command, was brought forward and placed in favorable positions for an effective fire against the enemy's line. The Second Iowa occupied a point on elevated ground to the right and rear of the brigade, where it performed most efficient service for several hours during the day, effectually silencing one of the enemy's batteries, exploding a limber, and damaging the defenses with the precision of its shots. Company H, Fifth Minnesota, Captain Morehouse, and Company F, Ninth Minnesota, Lieutenant McMillan, deployed as skirmishers, advanced to within 100 yards of the enemy's works, and, though suffering severely stubbornly maintained their position until the final assault. For the purpose of securing for my men a better cover from sharpshooters, who kept up annoying fire, as well as to provide for possible contingencies, I directed my first line to intrench its front.

At about 4 p.m. I received the order to assault the works in my front. The order was no sooner communicated to the command than each regiment moved forward with a determination that bespoke success. Every officer and man was at once in his place, and fully comprehending the duty of the hour, resolved upon its fearless discharge. My line of advance lay across a corn-field, through every foot of which the men were exposed to a direct fire from the line of works in front and a cross-fire on either flank. My line was no sooner in motion than it was met by a most withering volley, and as the regiments struggled on through the muddy field, softened by the recent rain, their ranks were sadly decimated by the continuous fire they encountered. A battery on my left enfiladed my line, and with fearful accuracy poured its discharged of grape through the ranks. But seemingly unmindful of the storm of missiles they were breasting, the veterans of the Second Brigade, did not falter, but, pressing steadily on, gained the works and carried them, in literal execution of the order they had received. Almost simultaneously the colors of the Fifth and Ninth Minnesota Infantry were pushed over the parapet, closely followed by the flags of the Eleventh Missouri and Eighth Wisconsin. Large bodies of the enemy surrendered in the works; some, however, attempted to escape by retreating to the hills in the rear. Directing the Ninth Minnesota and Eighth Wisconsin to pursue up the hills, I swung the Fifth Minnesota and Eleventh Missouri to the left, and sweeping along the flank of the enemy, inside the works, captured many prisoners, and driving the support that was attempting to rally in protection of the battery, from whose fire I had suffered so fearfully, captured it entire. Three pieces of artillery were also taken by the Eighth Wisconsin and Ninth Minnesota, which they compelled the enemy to abandon in his hasty fight. The enemy kept up a desultory fight as he retreated in straggling bodies up the hills, but the pursuit did not cease until the heights were gained and darkness had put a period to the operations of the day.

