
The material results of this day's work were to be seen in the 1,200 prisoners sent to the rear-among whom was Brigadier-General Jackson, who surrendered to Lieutenant J. F. Bishop, Fifth Minnesota Infantry-7 pieces of artillery, with caissons, captured, and the colors of seven rebel regiments, in possession of the brigade, making an aggregate of captures made by the brigade in the two days' operations of 1 brigadier-general, over 2,000 prisoners, 9 pieces of artillery, and 7 stand of colors. The brigade went into action with a total 1,421 muskets, and expended 61,000 rounds of musket and 1,500 of artillery ammunition.

As the brigade acted for the greater part of the time during both days under they eye of the general commanding, it is unnecessary for me to speak particularly with reference to the conduct of the command during the trying ordeals of the 15th and 16th instant. I cannot, however, in justice to the gallant officers and men of the Second Brigade, conclude this report without recording my high appreciation of their conduct on very occasion during the two days' fighting, and returning to every officer and soldier of the brigade my thanks for the heroism they displayed, and for the promptitude with which they responded to every order given them. To regimental and battery commanders I am much indebted for efficient co-operation, especially manifested in their successful execution of the various movements incident to the operations of the command. Colonel J. F. Marsh, commanding Ninth Minnesota; Lieutenant Colonel William B. Gere, commanding Fifth Minnesota; Lieutenant Colonel William B. Britton, commanding Eighth Wisconsin, and Lieutenant Colonel Eli Bowyer, commanding Eleventh Missouri, each handled their regiments in an admirable manner, and by examples of personal gallantry encouraged their men to deeds of glorious daring. Lieutenant Colonel William Markham and Major H. B. Strait, Ninth Minnesota; Major J. C. Becht, Fifth Minnesota and Major Green, Eleventh Missouri, were prompt and efficinet in the discharge of their respective duties. Captain J. R. Reed, commanding Second Iowa Battery, performed highly important service in both days' operations.

I cannot cite in evidience of the character of the work the Second Brigade performed in the battle of Nashville anything more suggestive than the list of casualties it suffered. Three hundred and fifteen officers and men were killed and wounded in the two days' fighting. Lieutenant-Colonel Bowyer, Eleventh Missouri, received a very severe wound in the arm, and with great reluctance was taken from the field. Major Green, while subsequently commanding the regiment, had his horse killed under him, and was himself painfully wounded. Lieutenant-Colonel Gere and Major Becht, Fifth Minnesota, had each a horse killed under them in the thickest of the fight. The colors of the Fifth Minnesota were four times shot down in the final assault, and the flag of the Eleventh Missouri fell the third time, but both were still borne onward.

To my staff the thanks of myself and the command are due for very valuable service in all the operations on the field. Lieutenant William H. Sargent, Eighth Wisconsin Infantry, and acting assistant inspector-general of the brigade, was killed in the last day's fight. He had distinguished himself by great personal gallantry during the assault, and was urging forward in the pursuit, after the enemy's works had been carried, when he fell. Endowed in an eminent degree with those qualities that endear man to his fellow, and a bright ornament to his profession, the fall of Lieutenant Sargent adds another to the list of her brave defenders, for whose memory the country will drop a tear when the records of this was are made up. Lieutenant T. P. Gere, acting

