
by the Fifth Regiment Minnesota Veteran Volunteer Infantry in the battles before Nashville on the 15th and 16th instant:

At 6 o'clock on the morning of the 15th instant, in obedience to orders received the evening previous, my command was in line, supplied with three days' rations in their haversacks and fifty rounds of cartridges per man. Soon after I was directed to move out tot he Charlotte pike and await further orders. At about 8.30 or 9 o'clock the brigade marched out on the Charlotte pike nearly a mile, the Fifth following the Ninth Minnesota, when the column struck off into an open field to the left of the pike, where the order of march was reserved, and I was directed by the colonel commanding to move by the left flank in rear of the Second Iowa Battery, with a line of skirmishers deployed on my right to protect my flank. The regiment then moved forward in the place assigned it in the column, passing in range of a masked battery, of the enemy on our right, from which several shells were thrown, bursting near our ranks, but doing no damage, my flanks occasionally coming in contact with and firing upon the enemy's skirmishers on my right. After moving by the flank something more than a mile I received orders from the colonel commanding to form my regiment in line on the right and forty paces in rear of the Eleventh Missouri (the formation of the brigade being in echelon by regiments) and to deploy a strong line of skirmishers in my front, all of which was promptly obeyed. Soon the order to move forward was given, and my regiment marched steadily forward in the place assigned it in the line. We had proceeded but a short distance when we encountered the enemy's skirmishers, and driving them back, advanced nearly two miles, when the enemy opened upon our line with a battery posted upon a hill and behind earth-works about a half or three-quarters of a mile in our front. During a heavy cannonading between our own and the enemy's artillery, in obedience to orders, I moved my regiment forward on a line with the regiment on my left, and the entire line was advanced across a hollow and creek to the crest of the hill and to within about 100 rods of the enemy's battery and works, where they were found in strong line of battle. I was here directed by the colonel commanding the brigade to form my regiment on the left of the Ninth Minnesota in the front line (the brigade here being formed in two lines), and prepare to assault the enemy's works. My regiment threw off their knapsacks, blankets, and over-coats, and fixed bayonets ready for the charge. The order to forward was soon given, and our line moved steadily on through the brush and fallen timber in our front under a heavy fire from the enemy, closely followed by the second line; and as we drew near the rebel line of battle volley after volley was poured into their wavering ranks, which soon gave way, and as they fled our forces pursued them, killing and wounding many, and capturing large numbers of prisoners. The pursuit was continued until we crossed the Hillsborough pike, when our line was halted. The enemy was soon discovered to be moving on our left flank, and I was directed to change my front to the left, which I did under a sharp fire, and moved my regiment, in obedience to orders, by the left flank across the pike, my right resting on or near the same. Our skirmishers soon became hotly engaged, and we were again ordered to advance. The enemy soon opened upon us with musketry from the crest of a hill in our front, where they were formed in strong line, and with artillery on our right; but our troops, flushed with victory, rushed forward, with bayonets fixed, at a double-quick, breaking the enemy's lines, killing and wounding large numbers, and capturing hundreds of

