
satisfactorily. Captain T. J. Sheehan, commanding Company C, the color company, gallantly stood by the colors, and in the last charge on the 16th instant, two color-bearers having been shot, he placed the colors in the hands of a non-commissioned officer of his company, who planted them on the rebel entrenchments. My especial thanks are due to Major John C. Becht, who rendered me efficient aid on the field during the two days' engagement. First Lieutenant Roscoe Hilton, acting regimental adjutant, a brave and gallant young officer, was always in the right place at the right time, and discharged his duties to my entire satisfaction and with credit to himself. Surgeons Kennedy and Leonard were untiring in their efforts in the care of the wounded, both upon the field and at the hospitals.

On the morning of the 17th instant the regiment was ordered to join in the pursuit of the defeated enemy, and being unable to remain in the field on account of physical disability and injuries received the day previous. I turned over the command to Major Becht, to whom I would respectfully refer the colonel commanding for any information pertaining to the regiment since that time.

Respectfully submitted.

WM. B. GERE,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fifth Regiment Minnesota Vet. Vol. Infantry.

Lieutenant T. P. GERE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 149. Report of Colonel Josiah F. Marsh, Ninth Minnesota Infantry, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH MINNESOTA VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Duck River, Tenn., December 21, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following as my official report of the part performed by my regiment in the battles of the 15th and 16th instant in front of Nashville, Tenn.:

We arrived in Nashville, Tenn., from Saint Louis, Mo., on the morning of the 1st instant, and were immediately ordered to the front, and took a strong position on elevated ground about two miles from the city, my regiment occupying the right of the Second Brigade and resting on the Charlotte pike. Here we proceeded to intrench, and remained until the morning of the 15th instant. On the evening of the 14th instant we received orders to be in readiness to move at 6 o'clock the following morning. Ample preparations were made and at the appointed hour, and my command, fully equipped for the anticipated struggle, was in line awaiting orders to advance. By direction of the colonel commanding the Second Brigade, I took the advance and moved out on the Charlotte pike about one mile, where a line of battle was formed, and the whole brigade then moved by the left flank about one mile and a half, into an open field, where we were halted and the whole of the First Division formed in echelon by brigade from left to right, and in this order advanced steadily to the front, feeling for the enemy with a strong skirmish line, until about 11 a.m., when the fog, which up to this hour enveloped the country, was suddenly dispelled by a lively breeze from the south, unveiling the first line of the enemy's works. Our batteries were allowed to play upon him for about an hour, but being unable to

