
silence his guns, a charge was ordered. Our lines were soon formed, my regiment having the right of the first line of the Second Brigade, and the order to advance received by our brave boys with a shout, and on they went at double-quick under a terrible fire. Not a man faltered, however, but pressed forward, preserving a good line, and in a few minutes our colors were floating over the rebel works. We captured in this assault 4 Napoleon guns and about 50 prisoners. Our men, stimulated by their success in the first assault, were impatient and anxious to advance on the second work, which was but a short distance to the left and in front, consequently no time was allowed for the usual artillery firing, but our lines adjusted as soon as possible, and on we moved, in the face of a most destructive fire, without halting until the Stars and Stripes were planted over two more rebel guns, which, together with quite a large number of prisoners, fell into the hands of the First Brigade, which halted here to rest for the night. Here the Second Brigade was also halted and allowed to rest for a short time, and then, swinging to the left, we crossed the Hardin pike and pushed forward in the direction of a strong position occupied by the rebels, on an eminence commanding the Granny White pike. This point gained, we had reason to believe that the balance of our work would be comparatively easy. To gain this point we were compelled to charge through an open wood and across a field of about one mile in extent, every inch of which was stubbornly contested by a strong force of the enemy. My men were very much fatigued, yet there was no faltering, but all moved forward steadily, and ere the sun set the position was carried and several guns and a large number of prisoners captured. Night was now closing in around us, and, finding that we were far in advance of the balance of our division, by direction of the colonel commanding, we bivouacked for the night.

I cannot close the record of this day's work without inviting the attention of the colonel commanding to the gallant conduct of Lieutenant Jules Capon, of my regiment. He had command of our skirmish line during the day and behaved nobly, and was wounded in the head while gallantly leading his company in this last charge.

On the morning of the 16th instant we discovered that the enemy had fallen back during the night and was strongly posted behind heavy works of earth, timber, and stone on a line at right angles with out own. Here was work for us again, and all appeared anxious to be at it. Our lines were soon in motion, and, wheeling to the right, were brought parallel with the rebel entrenchments, and advanced to within 300 yards of them. This movement was made in the face of a galling fire from a well-protected foe, and not without loss to us. The point was gained, however, and we were directed to cover ourselves as well as possible and wait further orders. While occupying this position I had one officer and three enlisted men severely wounded. On our arrival at this point I sent forward a company of skirmishers, under command of Lieutenant A. J. McMillan, of my regiment, to cover our front and watch the movements of the enemy. His position, though a dangerous one, was nobly maintained until 4 p.m., when he joined his regiment in the final charge. The rebel sharpshooters annoyed us considerably during the day, and my men were becoming very impatient, when, at about 4 p.m., the order to charge came and was received with a shout that might be heard for miles away. The Second Brigade led off, my regiment ont he right, and although the ground was very soft and the fire from the rebel works the most destructive and terrible we had ever met, yet there was works the most destructive and terrible we had ever met, yet there was no faltering, but pressing forward, the works were soon gained, and

