
the flag of the Ninth Minnesota the first planted thereon. During this assault my regiment captured 2 battle-flags and about 550 prisoners, including 1 colonel.

We did not tarry long here, but pushed forward in pursuit of the retreating enemy. We soon engaged him again, keeping up a brisk fire from half an hour, when a rebel officer and sixty men surrendered to us and were sent to the rear. Firing then ceased, and several small squads of prisoners were afterward captured by my regiment; in all, about 150 men and 3 line officers. During the pursuit we also took 3 brass field pieces, in the capture of which, however, we were assisted by the Eighth Wisconsin.

Our loss in killed and wounded, during both days' fighting, is 58, a statement of which has been transmitted.*

I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of the officers and men of my command; all were prompt in their obedience to orders, and conducted themselves in a manner that called forth the praise of the oldest veterans. Lieutenant-Colonel Markham and Major Strait were at their posts throughout, and discharged their duties faithfully. Adjt. E. H. Couse displayed a great deal of coolness and bravery, and rendered efficient service. Surg. R. H. Bingham and Asst. Surg. J. C. Dixon were at the field hospitals, and were untiring and skillful in the discharge of their duties. Chaplain A. H. Kerr visited the battle-ground several times during the engagement, relieving the sufferings of the wounded and assisting in carrying them from the field.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. MARSH,

Colonel Ninth Minnesota Volunteers, Commanding.

Lieutenant T. P. GERE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 150. Report of Major Modesta J. Green, Eleventh Missouri Infantry, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH MISSOURI VETERAN INFANTRY,In the Field, December 21, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Eleventh Missouri Veteran Infantry in the late battles near Nashville, Tenn.:

On the morning of December 15 the regiment, with the brigade, left camp near Nashville, and made a reconnaissance to the right and front, skirmishing with the enemy on the Charlotte pike, then passed to the left, taking position in line of battle in front of our former position. From here we advanced in support of Captain Reed's (Second Iowa) battery until the order was received to charge the rebel fort. The charge was made in handsome style. Company E, commanded by Captain Notestine, being in the advance, in line of skirmishers, were the first to enter the fort. (Captain Notestine was afterward badly wounded and had a leg amputated.) The regiment continued to advance until the second

---------------

*See p.101.

---------------

