
fort was taken by the cavalry and other troops on the right. Here we were allowed to rest a few moments, when we again moved forward. After advancing a short distance we came upon the enemy in line of battle on a hill; here another charge was made, in which the rebels were completely routed, and driven in perfect confusion a distance of three-quarters of a mile, officers and men behaving most gallantly, capturing many prisoners. Night coming on we were ordered to halt and remained in line of battle during the night, throwing up temporary earth-works.

The order to advance was given at an early hour on the morning of the 16th, and the regiment, together with the brigade to which it belongs, advanced in line of battle across an open field, but soon discovered that the enemy were strongly posted on the opposite side of the field behind formidable breast-works. After advancing about a half a mile under a heavy fire from the rebel skirmishers and sharpshooters, we came within range of the enemy's fire from their line of works and were ordered to halt and remain in line of battle. After remaining here a short time the regiment was ordered to change its position and form in rear of the Fifth Minnesota. In making this move the regiment lost several men killed and wounded, being exposed to a severe fire from the entire rebel front. It was in making this move that our gallant leader, Lieutenant-Colonel Bowyer, received a severe wound in the arm while directing the movements of the regiment. We remained in this position until about 3 p.m., when the order was given to charge the rebel works. The order was no sooner given than the regiment started at a double-quick, charging through the open field for a distance of about 600 yards, under a most galling fire from the enemy. On reaching the works many prisoners were captured in the trenches, and many others either shot or captured while attempting to escape. A rebel battery of four guns was also captured here by the brigade, for which the Eleventh Missouri would respectfully claim, with the gallant brigade commander, its share of the honor. Two rebel flags were also captured by the regiment, one by Lieutenant Simmons* and the other by Corporal Parks,* color guard. In making the charge the colors of the regiment were three times shot down, having one color-bearer killed and two wounded. The flag-staff was shot into three pieces by a rebel shell. After the enemy were driven from their works we continued in pursuit for a distance of about one mile, driving them in the wildest confusion and capturing many prisoners, when we were ordered by the brigade commander to halt and join the brigade, which was forming a short distance in the rear. Here we remained until the morning of the 17th, when it was ascertained that the enemy were retreating, and we were ordered, with other troops, to follow in the pursuit.

The losses in the regiment in the two days' fighting are 4 men killed and 83 wounded, including 10 commissioned officers.

During the fight every officer and man behaved with commendable coolness and bravery. No especial mention can be made of individual acts of courage or bravery, as every officer and man behaved in the most praiseworthy manner.

M. J. GREEN,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant T. P. GERE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Awarded a Medal of Honor.

---------------

