
No. 151. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William B. Britton, Eighth Wisconsin Infantry, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. EIGHTH Regiment WISCONSIN VET. VOL. INFANTRY,In the Field, December 21, 1864.

SIR: The following is the part the Eighth Wisconsin took in the battles of Nashville, December 15 and 16, 1864:

I received orders on the night of the 14th to have my regiment in readiness to move at 6 o'clock on the following morning. At 8 a.m. the regiment moved out of camp on the Charlotte pike about one mile. I was here ordered to move left in front, to throw out one company on my right flank as skirmishers to guard against surprise. Company K, under command of Lieutenant Fellows, was detailed for this purpose. I advanced in this position about half a mile. The enemy was here discovered. I at this time sent forward Company H, under command of Lieutenant Ellsworth, to skirmish and feel the enemy in front. This company was in a short time hotly engaged. I was here ordered to file my regiment left, and passed over to the Hillsborough pike. Here I formed in line of battle, on the left of the brigade, and moved forward about three-quarters of a mile, with Company F, Lieutenant Greenman, in front skirmishing, having at this time three companies out in this position. We moved forward until we encountered the enemy and drove them 300 yards. Came to a halt to support batteries at this time engaged. Lay in line of battle here one hour under fire of rebel batteries. At about 1 p.m. was ordered to move, with still another company out as skirmishers. Company D, Captain Williams, was thrown forward, followed by the regiment. Advanced to within 300 yards of the rebel works; skirmishers moving up to the very ditch of the fort, silencing the guns. According to instructions, I here formed in the rear of the Fifth Minnesota in column of regiments; received orders to follow that regiment and assault the rebel works. The advance was sounded, and I followed the Fifth twenty paces in the rear and participated in the assault, capturing at this time several prisoners. After capturing the fort the regiment swum considerably to the left to cut off the retreat of rebels from the fort. Finding myself flanked I notified Colonel Hubbard, commanding the brigade, who ordered me at once to change my regiment at right angles with the advance line, which I did, and in a short time was prepared for the enemy. Two of my companies here joined me from skirmishing. Company B, under Sergeant Stewart, with Company D, was moved to the left of the regiment as flankers. They at once encountered a heavy force on the pike, behind stone walls. I changed front forward with the regiment and moved in line of battle to the pike. A halt was here sounded, and we lay directly across the pike about thirty minutes. Was ordered forward with my regiment left oblique. After passing the pike about 200 yards another charge was ordered. We took the double-quick and went forward splendidly, capturing quite a number of prisoners, among them a rebel major and several other officers. At this time we had flanked the rebel works. Companies B and D, on the flank, coming forward on a charge, captured fully 200 prisoners and 2 pieces of artillery. We drove the rebels here about one mile. Darkness coming on we bivouacked here for the night. This day the regiment captured fully 225 prisoners and 2 pieces of artillery, with a loss of only 2 killed and 9 wounded.

