
piecer of artillery, succeeded in crossing; the rest of his command scattered in squads among the mountains. Colonel W. J. Palmer, commanding Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, with 150 men, crossed the river at Paint Rock and pursued Lyon to near Red Hill, on the road from Warrenton to Tuscaloosa, at which place he surprised his camp during the night of the 14th of January, capturing Lyon himself, his one piece of artillery, and about 100 of his men, with their horses. Lyon being in bed at the time of his capture, asked his guard to permit him to dress himself, which was acceded, to when, watching his opportunity, he seized a pistol, shot the sentinel dead upon the spot, and escaped in the darkness. This was the only casualty during the expedition.

To Colonel Palmer and his command is accorded the credit of giving Hood's army the last blow of the campaign, at a distance of over 200 miles from where we first struck the enemy on the 15th of December, near Nashville.

To all of my sub-commanders-Major Generals Schofield, Stanley, Rousseau, Steedman, Smith and Wilson and Brigadier General T. J. Wood-their officers and men, I give expression of my thanks and garitude for their generous self-sacrifice and manly endurance under the most trying circumstances and in all instances. Too much praise cannot be accorded to an army which, hastily made up from fragments of three separate commands, can successfully contend against a force numerically greater than itself and of more thoroughly solid organization inflicting on it a most crushing defeat-almost an annihilation.

Receiving instructions unexpectedly from General Sherman, in September, to repair to Tennessee and assume general control of the defenses of our line of communication in the rear of the Army of the Mississippi, and not anticipating a separation from my immediate command, the greater number of my staff officers were left behind at Atlanta and did not have an opportunity to join me after General Sherman determined on making his march through Georgia, before the communications were cut. I had with me Brigadier General W. D. Whipple, my chief of staff; Surgeon G. E. Cooper medical director ; Capts. Henry Stone, Henry M. Cist, and Robert H. Ramsey, assistant adjutants-general; Captain E. C. Beman, acting chief commissary; Capts. John P. Willard and S. C. Kellogg, aides-de-camp; and Lieutenant M. J. Kelly, chief of couriers; all of whom rendered important service during the battles of the 15th and 16th, and during the pursuit. I cordially commend their services to favorable consideration.

There were captured from the enemy during the various actions of which the foregoing report treats, 13,189 prisoners of war, including 7 general officers and nearly 1,000 other officers of all grades, 72 pieces of serviceable artillery-battle flags. During the same period over 2,000 deserters from the enemy were received, to whom the oath was administered. Our own loss will exceed 10,000 in killed, wounded, and missing.

I have the honor to transmit herewith a consolidated return of casualties the report of Colonel J. G. Parkhurst, provost-marshal-general, and that of Captain A Mordecai, chief of ordnance.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel R. M. SAWYER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military division of the Mississippi.

