
No. 153. Report of Colonel William R. Marshall, Seventh Minnesota Infantry, commanidng Third Brigade, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION,DETACHMENT ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

Near Pulaski, Tenn., December 28, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Third Brigade, First Division, Detachment Army of the Tennessee, in the battles before Nashville, December 15 and 16, 1864:

The Third Brigade comprised the Twelfth Iowa Veteran Infantry Volunteers, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Stibbs; Thirty-fifth Iowa Infantry Volunteers, Major William Dill commanding; Thirty-third Missouri Infantry Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel William H. Heath commanding; Seventh Minnesota Infantry Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel George Bradley commanding; and Battery I, Second Missouri Light Artillery, Captain S. H. Julian; the brigade commanded on the 15th, at the opening of the battle, by Colonel S. G. Hill, Thirty-fifth Iowa Volunteers.

In obedience to orders from the brigadier-general commanding the division, the brigade moved from its position behind entrenchments for defense of Nashville at 7 a.m. 15th instant, and formed in line of battle, with its left resting on the Hardin pike, connecting with Second Division, the right connecting with Second Brigade of First Division, Colonel Hubbard's. Two companies were deployed forward as skirmishers, covering front of brigade. At 10 a.m. the line advanced, crossing the Hardin pike obliquely to the left, conforming to the movements of troops on our right and left. Our skirmishers, pushing rapidly toward the enemy, were soon briskly engaged, driving the enemy's skirmishers before them. About 11 a.m. we arrived in front of enemy's works, consisting on his extreme left, which was nearly in our front, of a formidable fort defended by a four-gun battery. Captain Julian's battery wheeled into position and opened on the enemy's works at from 1,200 to 1,500 yards distance. A rapid and effective fire from the battery was kept up for more than an hour. The enemy's guns poured a heavy fire into our battery, which was completely exposed in an open field, but without disabling our guns or for a moment interrupting Captain Julian's fire. Later in the day the battery was advanced to cover the charge we made. The infantry of the brigade were kept lying down during this first artillery fire, not being within musket-range of enemy. Our skirmishers got close up to enemy's works, and contributed not a little to the success which crowned the day's operations. The forts on the enemy's left being carried about 4 p.m. by the right of our division, the Third Brigade advanced, under a fierce artillery and musketry fire, and charge a formidable work on the right of the Hillsborough pike, carrying the work at the point of the bayonet most gallantly. It was at the parapet of this work that the gallant and lamented Colonel S. G. Hill, commanding the brigade, lost his life. He was shot through the head, and died in a few minutes, without speaking. The service lost in Colonel Hill's death one of its bravest and best officers. The enemy's battery that was in the fort on right of Hillsborough pike was being removed, but we succeeded in capturing two guns and a battle-flag. When we had gained the first fort a terrible fire was poured into us from a second work, 200 yards to the left of Hillsborough pike. I ordered a charge on this second work, and carried it, capturing one piece of artillery, caisson, battery wagon,

