
horses, &amp;c. In the two works we captured about 200 prisoners. When we had gained the second work we pressed on to the left, and got in rear of the enemy, where General Garrard's division and the right of the Fourth Army Corps were pressing them in front. We opened a deadly fire on the enemy's rear, as he broke from his works when charged by General Garrard and Fourth Corps, and could have taken a great number of prisoners, but left them to the troops that came over the works in their front. Night now closed our work, and we were ordered into line a little way east of and parallel to the Hillsborough pike.

The casualties of the brigade on the 15th were, 1 officer killed and 1 wounded, 1 enslited man killed and 35 wounded.

The battery fired about 1,000 rounds; the infantry expended very little ammunition except on the skirmish line, the heavy work having been done with the bayonet.

On the morning of the 16th the Third Brigade, on the left of Colonel Hubbard's-the left of the Third Division-was advanced, covered by skirmishers, from its position during the night toward the Granny White pike, and conforming to the movement of brigades on our right, obliqued and wheeled to the right until it confronted the enemy's strong works across the Granny White pike, at the foot of the Overton (or Brentwood) Hills. My right rested on the pike, connecting with left of Colonel Hubbard's brigade. We pushed forward, under a severe fire of the enemy's artillery and musketry, until partly covered by a fence and stone wall running from the Bradford mansion to the pike. Here we halted until the grand charge in the afternoon. Captain Julian's battery was posted about 400 yards in rear of the infantry, and opened and kept up a heavy fire on the enemy's works. In our immediate front was a four-gun battery. Between 3 and 4 p.m. I observed the right of the division-the First Brigade-advancing to charge the enemy's left, and quickly Colonel Hubbard's brigade, immediately on my right, started on the charge. Seeing that Colonel Hubbard ought to be supported, I ordered the brigade to follow and charge the works in our front. Most bravely did the lines rise, and with cheers, breasting the storm of shot and shell from the four guns in our front, and the fierce musketry fire of the infantry supports of the battery, charge and carry the very strong works on the left of the [Granny] White pike. The splendid Pointe Coupee Battery of four Napoleon 12-pounders, a great number of small arms, and 300 to 400 prisoners were taken. The gallant Colonel Hubbard, who had gained the enemy's works on the right of the pike before I reached those on the left, was sweeping down toward my front, and claimed part of the guns as his capture. Although there can be no doubt that my brigade first entered the works by the front, I thought it but fair to the ever-gallant Second Brigade, which got the start of us in the general charge and pierced the enemy's line in advance of us, to divide the guns; accordingly, Colonel Hubbard took two and the Third Brigade two. We made a short halt upon gaining the enemy's works, and pressed on up the hills about one mile, pursuing the fugitives, capturing many, until, by command of the general, halted at the base of the steep part of the mountain, and put into position for the night.

In the charge, which was made across an open field about 400 yards wide, that noble and brave young officer, Adjt. S. E. Day, of the Thirty-third Missouri Infantry Volunteers, was mortally wounded; he died in hospital on the 19th instant; Lieutenant Rutledge, of

