
our line to the left, and conforming to the line on our right. After advancing about half a mile we came upon a strong redoubt of the enemy, situated to the right of the Hillsborough pike and just five miles from Nashville. Our line was pushed well forward, and shortly before 4 p.m., everything being ready, we were ordered to charge. Our men moved rapidly up the hill, but before gaining the crest the enemy moved their guns and most of their support to a fort about 300 yards in the rear, and to the right, from which they gave us a heavy raking fire as we moved onto and over the first works. On gaining the first work our brigade commander, Colonel S. G. Hill, Thirty-fifth Iowa Infantry, was shot through the head and instantly killed. Our brigade line being in considerable disorder, I ordered the command halted and lines reformed, which order was promptly complied with, our men in the meantime keeping up a heavy fire on the enemy in our front. On gaining the crest of the first hill Colonel Marshall, of the Seventh Minnesota, and Lieutenant Reed, acting adjutant Twelfth Iowa, with about 200 men of the two regiments, being in advance, pushed rapidly forward, obliquing to the left, and captured the second work, with a large number of prisoners, three or four guns, several ammunition wagons, and a large number of small-arms. The balance of the brigade, as soon as formed, moved forward, but night coming on, we were compelled to halt. Colonel Marshall, Seventh Minnesota, being senior officers, assumed command of the brigade, and having properly reformed our lines, ordered us to bivouac for the night.

It is impossible to give an exact estimate of prisoners and property captured in this charge, as all were so anxious to pursue the enemy that prisoners and captured property were given over or taken to possession of by other commands that came up in our rear. The loss of my regiment in this day's fight was seven men wounded.

On the morning of the 16th we were called up before daylight and moved by the flank half a mile to the right, taking position on and joining the left of the Second Brigade of our division, my regiment forming the right of our brigade line. About 8 o'clock, our skirmishers having driven the enemy in front back to their works, we were ordered to move forward, and advanced on the double-quick for about half a mile, rapidly swinging our lines and changing our direction to the right until we had arrived within short musket-range of the enemy's works, when we were ordered to halt. During the advance the enemy opened on us heavily with artillery, but owing to our rapid movement and their inaccurate aim we suffered but little. After a ten minutes' rest we were ordered to close to the right and double our lines. The brigade on our right having doubled, and left an interval in the line, I moved by the flank and closed on them, forming line with the right resting on the Granny White pike. The Seventh Minnesota formed on my left, and the other regiments of the brigade, Thirty-third Missouri and Thirty-fifth Iowa, formed a second line in our rear. Our front was covered by a stone wall and a heavy rail fence, which we threw down, and formed into a slight breast-work. We were kept in this position during the greater part of the day. The enemy in the meantime kept up a troublesome musketry fire on our line, but by keeping close to our work we suffered but little damage. Company C of my regiment, detailed as sharpshooters, kept up a vigorous fire on the enemy, and during the day rendered excellent service. About 3 p.m. I was ordered to throw up an earth-work in my front, and procured tools and had my work half completed, when, at about 4 o'clock, a charge was commenced by the right of our division. I at once ordered my men to cease work and prepare for a charge, and a moment afterward,

