
ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH IOWA INFANTRY,Pulaski, Tenn., December 29, 1864.

Major J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Detach. Army of the Tennessee:

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following statement concerning two flags captured from the enemy on the 16th instant, in action near Nashville, Tenn., and which I now forward to your headquarters:

The flags were captured during the grand charge made on the enemy's line on the afternoon of the 16th instant. The large one be longed to a Mississippi regiment, I think the Forty-fourth, and was captured by Corpl. Luther Kaltenbach,* F Company, Twelfth Iowa Infantry. The color-bearer had been shot down, and as my regiment advanced Corporal Kaltenbach ran forward and picket up the flag. The small flag belonged to a battery, the name of which I have been unable to learn, and was captured by Private Andrew J. Sloan,* H Company, Twelfth Iowa Infantry. This flag had been taken from the staff by one of the enemy, who was afterward captured by Private Sloan, who took the flag from him.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. H. STIBBS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twelfth Iowa Infantry.

No. 155. Report of Captain Abraham N. Snyder, Thirty-fifth Iowa Infantry, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. THIRTY-FIFTH IOWA INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Columbia, Tenn., December 23, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of the Thirty-fifth Iowa on December 15 and 16, before Nashville:

Early upon the morning of December 15, in obedience to orders from Colonel S. G. Hill, commanding Third Brigade, the regiment moved from camp in advance of the brigade, and formed line of battle on left of Hardin pike, moving forward with Company E deployed as skirmishers. At 11 o'clock the regiment was ordered to support the battery attached to the brigade, and formed on the left and to the rear of it, remaining in that position until near 2 p.m., when we were again ordered forward, and our line swinging around from the right at nearly a right angle with our former position, brought us directly in front of the enemy's fort, and between the battery attached to the brigade and the enemy's fire. Continued skirmishing was carried on until about 3.30 p.m., when we were ordered to take the fort, with instructions to hold our fire until all were in the works. With fixed bayonets the men moved forward, never halting until we had taken and passed through the first work and reached the stone wall east of it. Major Dill being unable to proceed farther, upon being notified by the adjutant, I immediately assumed command of and reformed the regiment, the command remaining in its new position until ordered to move to the right and front, where we encamped for the night in line of battle. Before day-break (16th) the command was ordered to move to the right and follow the Thirty-third Missouri, keeping well closed up. Company H

---------------

*Awarded a Medal of Honor.

---------------

30 R R-VOL XLV, PT I

