
Colonel Hubbard commanding. At 9 o'clock the line of battle advanced diagonally across the pike, and a break occurring in the skirmish line in my front, Captain Rose was sent forward with Company H to fill up the gap. This company became engaged immediately with a line of the enemy concealed behind a rail fence south of the Hardin pike. A general advance of the entire line drove the enemy from this position and back toward his main works. With but feeble resistance, the enemy's skirmishers were pushed rapidly back, until at about 1 p.m. our main line of battle had been brought to within about 1,500 yards of the left of the enemy's works, when I received orders to take position on the right of Battery I, Second Missouri Artillery, and support it upon that flank. Sharp artillery firing ensued between this battery and a four-gun battery posted on the enemy's extreme left, during which Captain Rose with his skirmishers drove the rebel sharpshooters promptly in and took position so near their battery as to seriously annoy the gunner and impede the handling of the artillery. At 1.30 I received orders to move to the left of Battery I and close a gap between it and the Thirty-fifth Iowa. This change made it necessary to send out Lieutenant Knowlton with Company B as skirmishers in front of the new position. Lieutenant Knowlton handled his line with good effect, driving in the rebel skirmishers and pressing them closely. At about 2.30 o'clock, the main work on the enemy's left behind captured, with all its artillery, by troops on my right, I received orders from Major-General Smith to advance the regiment, making a half wheel to the left, so as to confront the next work toward the rebel right, and on the completion of this movement, received orders from Colonel Hill to halt and have the men lie down. (During this halt Captain Rose returned his company to its place in line of battle.) At about 4 o'clock I received order to advance to the charge, keeping closed up on the Thirty-fifth Iowa and conforming to the movements of that regiment. The order of battle brought the regiment directly in a dense thicket, through which it was impossible to advance with regularity. The line of defenses of the enemy was such that when the Thirty-fifth Iowa entered his works on my left and 100 yards north of Hillsborough pike, I discovered a body of the enemy directly in front of my line strongly posted behind a stone wall on the pike, this wall being covered by a work south of the pike and still farther toward the rebel right. Without waiting to restore my line, I ordered a charge upon this wall pell mell, and had little difficulty in driving the enemy, who appeared panic stricken and fired badly. The loss of the regiment in this charge was but two wounded. It being now dark, orders were issued to bivouac in line for the night parallel with Hillsborough pike and south of it.

December 16, shortly after daylight, orders were received to move forward in line of battle, keeping in line with the Seventh Minnesota, on our right, and conforming to the movement of that regiment. In this order the regiment passed across the Granny White pike and then wheeled to the right, in order to confront a line of rebel works at right angles with the pike. Orders were now received to form line fifteen paces in rear of the Twelfth Iowa, which was at the right of the brigade, and take shelter behind a stone wall. All these movements were executed under a galling fire from two rebel batteries, aided by musketry, our own batteries in our rear or amongst us. We remained in this position until about 3.30 p.m., when we received

