
large number of sharpshooters. The fire at first appeared to be concentrated upon my battery, on account of its being in advance of the other artillery and nearest the enemy's works. This concentrated firing did not last long, as the batteries, both on my right and left, soon moved up and came in position and attracted the attention of the rebel batteries from my battery. I kept up a continuous fire until 3 p.m., when order was given for the infantry to charge the rebel works, which was done with success and honor to the Army of the Tennessee.

Ammunition expended on the 15th and 16th was 2,200 rounds.

Casualties: Private William Lee, wounded in left ankle; Privates William J. Simmons and Robert W. William, powder burnt.

In conclusion, let me say that the officers and men of my command behaved with gallantry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. H. JULIAN,

Captain Battery I, Second Missouri Light Artillery.

No. 159. Report of Brigadier General Kenner Garrard, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, DETACHMENT ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Camp near Columbia, December 24, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this division in the late battles before Nashville:

On the morning of the 15th instant, at an early hour, the division was moved outside of the works, and formed in line of battle in the following order: On the right, near the Hardin pike, Colonel Wolfe's brigade, composed of the Fifty-second Indiana, Forty-ninth Illinois, One hundred and seventeenth Illinois, One hundred and seventy-eighth New York, and Battery G, Second Illinois; in the center, Colonel D. Moore's brigade, composed of the Twenty-first Missouri, Eighty-ninth Indiana, One hundred and nineteenth Illinois, One hundred and twenty-second Illinois, and the Ninth Indiana Battery; and on the left, Colonel Gilbert's brigade, composed of the Twenty-seventh Iowa, Thirty-second Iowa, Tenth Kansas, Fifty-eighth Illinois, and Third Indiana Battery. My instructions required me to keep closed on the Fourth Corps, on my left, and regulate my advance by the right. A strong line of skirmishers was thrown from the division, as follows: In front of Wolfe, a portion of the One hundred and seventeenth Illinois, Lieutenant-Colonel Merriam commanding; in front of Moore, a portion of the One hundred and twenty-second Illinois, Major Chapman commanding; and in front of Gilbert, the Tenth Kansas and Company B, Twenty-seventh Iowa, Captain W. C. Jones, Tenth Kansas, commanding. The general movement of the day was a grand wheel to the left, and as the division was in the center of the line it was necessary to use the utmost exertion to preserve its proper relation to the two grand wings. After advancing some distance, the skirmish line clearing away all opposition, the line hatled in easy cannon-range of the rebel forts. The skirmish line was well advanced, and the Second Illinois and Ninth Indiana Batteries immediately brought into action, under the direction of Captain Lowell,

