
prisoners. But of the capture of the artillery, wagons, &amp;c., and also Major-General Johnson, I have positive proof. The number of prisoners will not fall far short of 400.

I would call your especial attention to the officers of my personal staff. Lieutenant Samuel D. Sawyer, acting assistant adjutant-general who charged with the command and had his horse killed under him, but was immediately remounted, and rendered me most important service in directing the movements of the troops. I would recommend him as a brave and gallant officer and one worthy of promotion. Lieutenant John J. Chubb also charged forward with the command with great coolness and courage. He is a gallant and efficient officer, deserving of promotion. Lieutenant Converse was so unwell as to be unable to participate in the charge. The horses of nearly all my staff officers were killed during the engagement, the horse of Lieutenant Converse having been killed the first day.

The engagement resulted in the total rout of the enemy, and a complete and glorious victory for Union and liberty.

To the officers and men of my command I tender my profound thanks; I am proud of them and their achievements. To the commanding general I tender my acknowledgments; I am proud to be commanded by him.

I inclose a list of casualties in the First Brigade during the engagement.*

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. MOORE,

Colonel Twenty-first Missouri,

Commanding First Brigadier, Second Div., Detach. Army of the Tennessee.

Lieutenant JAMES B. COMSTOCK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 161. Report of Colonel Thomas J. Kinney, One hundred and nineteenth Illinois Infantry, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS 119TH ILLINOIS INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, Tenn., December 21, 1864.

SIR: I herewith forward report of the part taken by my regiment in the battle of Nashville, on the 15th and 16th instant.

We moved out of our works a little after daylight on the morning of the 15th instant and formed line of battle on the left of the Hardin pike, my regiment on the right of the brigade and joining the Third Brigade. After waiting until about 9 a.m., all things being ready, we moved to the front in line, steadily advancing and swinging to the left until near noon, when we came to a stand in a ravine in support of the Second Illinois Battery. Remained there some two or three hours, when ordered were received to move forward. In connection with the Third Brigade, we moved forward over the hill and down into the next hollow, and there halted again, waiting for all things to be prepared for a grand charge upon the enemy's works. While in this position we experienced a heavy artillery fire from the enemy's guns, which were

---------------

*Embodied in table, p.101.

---------------

