
planted on a hill some half a mile off. At about 4 p.m., as all things seemed ready for the charge-the Fourth Army Corps had massed their forces at right angles with our line and charged the works of the enemy in our front, thereby completely cutting us off from a direct charge-we moved by right flank until we cleared the Fourth Corps, then to the front again, but we were all too late in the charge, as the fort had been taken by the skirmish line of the One hundred and twenty-second Illinois Volunteers before the Fourth Corps reached it. Dark then came on, and we went into camp on the ground we occupied.

On the morning of the 16th we were again in line soon after daylight, and moved forward in the same position occupied the day previous. We had advanced not over half a mile when the enemy opened a heavy artillery fire upon us from works erected by them on a hill in our front. We steadily advanced our skirmish line and moved forward the line of the brigade, and carried the position with great ease. Our brigade, taking position on this ground, awaited further developments and for the time to come when we should make the grand charge upon the rebel breast-works, which were some 1,000 yards in front. There were several batteries manned upon this elevation which kept a continual fire upon the enemy's works during the afternoon, which called forth a brisk reply from his guns and occasioned our men at times to lay very close to the ground. At about 3 p.m. the order was given to charge the works, and well and bravely was it done. They were carried with perfect ease, the charge being almost simultaneous along the whole line from right to center and then taken up by the left of our line. After taking the works we advanced through the timber to an open field, and across that to the foot of the mountain, the enemy fleeing before us as fast as possible. Here we captured two Napoleon guns and many prisoners. I then reformed my regiment and moved by the right flank along the road some distance, and then again by the left flank, in line of battle, up a ravine, and here I captured one 10-pounder Parrott gun, one Rodman, and two more Napoleons.

Having become detached from the rest of the brigade I halted my regiment and waited for orders, which were received. The One hundred and twenty-second Illinois and Eighty-ninth Indiana Volunteers came and passed in my rear, and formed in line on my right, closing up the interval between my regiment and the Third Brigade. We then prepared for camp, it being then dark. Orders were received at 8 o'clock to move out and form line in the open field at the foot of the mountain, which was done, and then we went into camp for the night. Was up next morning at daylight and found the enemy had entirely left and were in rapid retreat.

The captures made by my regiment were 6 pieces of artillery, 15 caissons and limbers, 16 wagons, 3 two-horse wagons, which I suppose were used for ambulances, 1 ambulance, together with their contents of supplies, small-arms, and fixed ammunition for artillery and small-arms. In prisoners, I am not able to say how many we did capture, as they were sent to the rear as fast as taken, except some ten or twelve sent to headquarters on the morning of the 17th instant. Major-General Johnson was taken by Company C of my regiment, and sent to the rear and delivered to Captain Whitaker by Private Daugherty, of Company C, and a private in the Eighty-ninth Indiana-name unknown. It is proper to say here that I did not, nor did the men, know who he was until he was delivered to Captain Whitaker, when he told him in presence of my men that his name was Johnson and he was a major-general, but that he had told him (Daugherty) that he was

