
to the rear. I was soon afterward ordered to move half a mile to the right and form my command upon the right of the First Brigade, when, as it was now dark, I was ordered to rest for the night.

My casualties on this day did not exceed twenty, nearly all of which were in the Tenth Kansas Veteran Volunteer Infantry, and I cannot close the report of the day without justly complimenting this regiment and Company B, Twenty-seventh Iowa Volunteer Infantry, for excellent performance of skirmish duty.

On the morning of the 16th, just after daylight, I received orders to form my command in line of battle, my right resting near the left of the First Division, my brigade constituting the right of the Second Division. I at once formed as directed, in the following order, sending out five companies of the Fifty-eighth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, under command of Captain Kittel, as skirmishers: The Thirty-second Iowa on the right, the Twenty-seventh Iowa the right center, the Fifty-eighth Illinois left center, and the Tenth Kansas on the left, which last-named regiment was soon afterward posted as a reserve, and so held throughout the day; the Third Indiana Battery again followed the movements of the command. About 7.30 o'clock, conforming to the movement of the line upon my right, I moved the brigade forward nearly the distance of half a mile through an open corn-field, partially wheeling to the right. Having reached the Granny White pike I moved some 500 or 600 yards by the right flank upon the pike, when I again moved forward, still advancing my left fasted than my right, over another open corn-field, where the enemy opened upon us a severe fire from a battery within their line of works, some 1,000 yards distant. The command moved in quick time, but with much coolness, until I had passed a little ravine, crossed a brook, and reached the brow of a hill in front, sheltered by trees, where I ordered the command to halt. I had occupied this position but a few minutes when I heard heavy musketry and saw a sudden changing of troops upon my right. Fearing that it might possibly be the line giving way I immediately ordered my command to recross the brook and then halt, whilst I rode up on an adjacent hill in order to discern the precise nature of the movements upon the right. Perceiving that the First Division was contracting in order to double its lines, I hastened back, and, under brisk artillery fire, moved the command by the right flank, breaking considerably to the rear, following a little ravine which, fortunately, ran nearly parallel to the enemy's line of works, until my right again rested near the First Division. I now ordered the command to lie down, where it remained for several hours, almost entirely safe from the missiles of the enemy, although the firing was severe and we lay within 400 or 500 [yards] of his line of works. At some distance to our right the enemy's fortified line ascended a hill. From this point his sharpshooters, having full view of my line, made frequent attempts to reach it. One of their bullets passed very close to two of my staff officers, and killed a horse belonging to Major Hutchinson, Thirty-second Iowa Infantry. In the meantime my battery, which had failed on the previous day to get into action on account of the impossibility of procuring a suitable position, had followed the movements of the brigade until the infantry advanced from the Granny White pike. It was at this time that the enemy opened a heavy fire form a covered position. I immediately ordered Lieutenant Ginn into position at double-quick, on a rise of ground in the open corn-field, from which position he opened a rapid fire upon the enemy, which was continued until his ammunition (canister excepted) was wholly exhausted. About 1

31 R R-VOL XLV, PT I

