
second and most formidable line of works, and under a severe artillery fire reformed our line of battle, the men lying down behind a ridge on the ground, which protected them from shot and shell. At this time my skirmishers hotly pressed those of the enemy and captured their rifle-pits in front of ours and the Third Brigade on our left, and with the assistance of one company, with which I re-enforced them, by order of Colonel Gilbert, held them all day and gave material aid in silencing the enemy's guns in our front. A fierce cannonading took place all along the line, during which the men lay close, till 3.15 p.m., when the First Division of our corps having carried by assault the fortified hill which covered the enemy's left flank, the order to charge was passed along the line. The men immediately pressed forward at a double-quick on the charge, and, notwithstanding a deadly fire of grape, canister, and musketry, carried the works, driving the enemy in confusion beyond the hills in the rear. This charge was final and decisive, closing the battle along the whole line and yielding to our arms another great victory.

In this day's engagement my regiment lost but two men wounded.

Behind that portion of the works over which the regiment passed there stood three pieces of artillery, for the capture of which, I believe, credit is due the Second Brigade, and my officers and men particularly. Many prisoners were captured for the Second Brigade by my men and sent to the rear, probably to be claimed by less fortunate brigades. It may not be out of place to remark here that prisoners and at least one battle-flag of the enemy, which property belonged to the Second Brigade, were carried away by the Third, which came up after we had halted and uncourteously formed in our front.

In behalf of the officers of the regiment, I must say that each one did his duty bravely and nobly.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT W. HEALY,

Major, Commanding.

Lieutenant W. G. DONNAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant.

No. 165. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Jed Lake, Twenty-seventh Iowa Infantry, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-SEVENTH IOWA INFANTRY,Spring Hill, Tenn., December 20, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the part taken by the Twenty-seventh Iowa Infantry in the battle near Nashville, Tenn., on the 15th instant, and the charge on mountain heights, south of Nashville, on the 16th instant, and the list of casualties.

On the 15th instant, at 7 a.m., I received orders from Colonel Gilbert, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division, Detachment Army of the Tennessee, to send out one company to report to the commanding officer of the Tenth Kansas as skirmishers. I ordered Captain S. W. Hemenway, commanding Company B, to comply with the order. At 8 a.m. I received orders to move the regiment outside of the entrenchments and form in column by division on the First Division, right in front. About 9 a.m. I was ordered to deploy column and move forward. My regiment was on the left of the brigade, our left resting on the right of the Fourth Army Corps. The skirmishing

