
commenced in our front and was pretty sharp for about two hours, out men gradually driving the enemy's skirmishers and the regiment following them in line of battle. From 2 to 4 p.m. the cannonading was very severe on our right and left, but my regiment was shielded by the woods and hills so that the enemy's artillery was not directed at it. At about 4 p.m. Company B joined us, having been relieved as skirmishers. I received orders from Colonel Gilbert, commanding brigade, to wheel my regiment to the right and in the rear of the right of the Fourth Corps. At the same time the charge commenced on the enemy's works. We followed close in the rear of the Fourth Corps till the works were carried, then moved by the flank to the right and encamped for the night. No casualties.

On the 16th instant, at daylight, we formed in line of battle. My position was the left center of the brigade. About sunrise, by orders from Colonel Gilbert, we made a half wheel to the right and moved forward across an open field into the Granny White pike, and thence across another field, under fire of the enemy's guns, in all about a mile. We were then moved by the right flank about half a mile into a ravine, in a corn-field, where we were ordered to lie down. Here the fire of the artillery was very heavy, the missiles from the enemy's battery and our own passing directly over my regiment. One man of Company I was hit on the hip by a spent musket-ball while in this position. About 4 p.m. I received orders from Colonel Gilbert to prepare for the charge. At the command "Forward, double-quick, march!" every man went forward with a will. In passing between a house in our front and the outbuildings, both flanks were thrown back and crowded on the center, but, on reaching the open field about 200 yards in front of the enemy's works, immediately deployed and went over the parapet in good style. The enemy were doing their best to escape, and we followed them through the woods and across an open field and to the foot and up the side of the mountain, until men from the top hung out the white flag in token of surrender.

Every man and officer behaved with great gallantry, and it would be unjust to the others to particularize.

List of casualties.*

JED LAKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant W. G. DONNAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 166. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Gustavus A. Eberhart, Thirty-second Iowa Infantry, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-SECOND IOWA INFANTRY,In the Field, December 21, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: Of the part taken by the Thirty-second Iowa Infantry in the battle of the 15th and 16th instant, I have the honor to report as follows:

At 6 a.m. on the 15th, in obedience to orders from brigade headquarters, I formed the regiment on the right of the brigade, with my left resting on the Fifty-eighth Illinois Infantry. The regiment advanced in line of battle for more than a mile, slowly wheeling to the left, conforming to the movement of the line on our right. From 11 a.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 12 men wounded.

---------------

