
on a double-quick until the enemy's parapets were scaled, following the routed foe to the foot of the mountains, about three-quarters of a mile in rear of his works. My loss was 5 men wounded.

Lieutenant F. A. Smalley deserves great credit for his services and encouragement to the men.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. C. JONES,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant W. G. DONNAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant.

No. 168. Report of Lieutenant Thomas J. Ginn, Third Battery Indiana Light Artillery, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD INDIANA BATTERY,In the Field, Tenn., December 21, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the battles with the enemy, December 15 and 16, near Nashville, Tenn.:

At 6 a.m. December 15 I was ordered by Colonel James I. Gilbert, commanding brigade, to move with my command outside of the earthworks and take a position in line of battle with the Second Brigade, Second Division, Detachment Army of the Tennessee. I kept my position and advanced with the brigade, but took no part in the action of the day for want of a suitable position. I bivouacked in line of battle, with the brigade, at 7 p.m., some two miles outside of the line of defensive works encircling the city.

On the morning of the 16th of December my command began to advance with the line and Second Brigade, Second Division, about 8 a.m. After advancing about a mile the enemy began to shell me from a covered position at a distance of over a mile. I immediately moved my battery into position at a double-quick, by order of Colonel Gilbert, commanding Second Brigade, and opened fire upon the enemy's battery, from an open field, at a distance of three-quarters of a mile, and continued firing rapidly until my ammunition (excepting canister) was entirely exhausted. About 1 p.m., having received a fresh supply of ammunition, I received orders from Brigadier-General Garrard, commanding Second Division, Detachment Army of the Tennessee, to move my battery about 400 yards farther to the left and immediately on the left of the Ninth Indiana Battery, where we expended about sixty rounds of ammunition. I was next ordered by Captain Lowell, chief of artillery Second Division, Detachment Army of the Tennessee, to take a position about 100 yards to the right of my last position and immediately on the right of Battery G, Second Illinois Artillery, where we expended about sixty rounds of ammunition upon the rebel battery directly in our front. From thence we were ordered by Major-General Smith to a position on the left of the Second Brigade, Second Division, and opened fire with three guns upon the battery just to the left of the Granny White pike, and with the remaining three upon the rebel battery in front of the Third Brigade, Second Division, and continued our fire, from a very much exposed position, until about 3.30 p.m., when the final charge by our infantry was made which resulted in the silencing of the rebel batteries.

