
Huntsville, Ala.; two 6-pounder smooth-bore guns, carriages, and limbers were captured by Major-general Steedman, near Decatur, Ala.; three 12-pounder guns, carriages, and libbers; one 10-pounder Parrott rifle and carriage, one 3-inch wrought-iron and carriage, U. S., were captured at Columbia, Tenn.

All the remaining artillery and carriages, and all the small-arms and accouterments, were captured before Nashville, on the 15th and 16th of December 1864.

The larger number of ammunition-chests captured were filled with ammunition in good condition, and six wagons, loaded with similar ammunition, were captured before this place.

I am informed that there are, in addition to what reported above, 4 guns and carriages now at Pulaski, Tenn., and 3 or 4 guns in the Duck River at Columbia, Tenn., all captured from the enemy or abandoned by him in his retreat to the Tennessee River.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. MORDECAI,

Captain Ordnance, Chief of Ordnance, Dept. of the Cumberland.

ADDENDE.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., April 14, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Military Division of the Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit following supplementary report to my report of the operations of the troops under my command from September 7 to December 31, 1864, as an act of justice to Lieutenant Colonel William G. Lee Duc, chief quartermaster Twentieth Army Corps, whose name was inadvertently omitted in that report.

Colonel Le Duc reaching Nashville from leave of absence too late to join his proper command, which had then left Atlanta, Ga., was assigned by me to duty temporarily as acting chief quartermaster of the troops then concentrating about Nashville . He immediately entered upon those duties with his characteristic energy and zeal, rendered important service in his department for the troops in front of Nashville under Major-General Schofield, when the army was concentrated at Nashville and during the pursuit of the enemy. I cheerfully and cordially commend him for efficiency;y, intelligence and zeal in the discharge of his duties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., April 14, 1865.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington:

An error was made in my report of the battle of Brentwood Hills, near Nashville, December 16, which I desire to correct. In the assault on Overton's Hill, at 3 p. m., Colonel C. R. Thompson Twelfth U. S. Colored Troops, led the colored brigade, and not Colonel Morgan, as reported. Please alter it on your records.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

(Copy to Lieutenant Colonel r. M. Sawyer, New Berne, N. C.)

4 R R-VOL XLVI, PT I

