
The only casualty I have to report is the wounding of a non-commissioned officer very slightly.

The total number of rounds fired by my battery during the day is 923 shell, case, and solid shot.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. GINN,

First Lieutenant, Third Indiana Battery, Commanding Company.

Lieutenant W. G. DONNAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 169. Report of Colonel Edward H. Wolfe, Fifty-second Indiana Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION,DETACHMENT ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

Near Columbia, Tenn., December 23, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to the orders of the general commanding division, I have the honor to transmit the following report as to the part taken by this brigade in the engagements with the enemy near Nashville, Tenn., on the 15th and 16th instant:

My brigade was in readiness to move on the morning of the 15th at 6 o'clock, as ordered the evening previous, and at 8 a.m. I moved by the flank outside of my works in front of Nashville, massing the brigade for the moment on the left of the Hardin pike. A portion of the One hundred and seventeenth Illinois Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Merriam commanding, was deployed as skirmishers, covering my front and connecting on the left with skirmishers of First Brigade, Second Division, and on the right with skirmishers of First Division, my brigade occupying the extreme right of the Second Division. Soon afterward I deployed my column and advanced, connecting on the right and left as above indicated, holding one regiment (the One hundred and seventy-eight New York Volunteers) in reserve, as ordered by the general commanding. My instructions, in advancing, were to keep well closed up to the left, and also to regulate my movements by that of the command on my right, so as to prevent, as far as possible, any serious gap in the line in that direction. The peculiar position of our lines on that day rendered it very difficult to comply with these instructions, and necessarily caused my advance to be slow and tedious. Soon after advancing my skirmishers became engaged, driving the enemy's skirmishers before them. At no time, however, during the day was my command engaged with the enemy, and the brigade on this day sustained a loss of 35 men, including 1 officer, a report of which will be inclosed herewith. Before the close of the day a movement on the part of the Fourth Corps, which charged the enemy's works, somewhat changed my position in the command, and, as I thought at the time, cut off the First and Second Brigade of this division, and to prevent the same thing, so far as my brigade was concerned, I advanced the brigade on the double-quick, as ordered by the general commanding, and did not halt until within the enemy's work in my front, which they abandoned

