
without any resistance, except to our skirmishers. Three pieces of artillery here fell into our hands, which I understand are claimed in the captures of the Fourth Corps. These guns undoubtedly were captured by this division, and if not by my brigade in reality were captured by the skirmishers in my front, which at that time consisted of the Tenth Kansas Infantry, belonging to the Second Brigade of this division. Owing to our constant oblique movement to the left during the day, it was impossible to keep out respective skirmishers in their proper front. The result was, when a charge was made by General McArthur's division, on the right, and which resulted so victoriously, the skirmishers of my own brigade were in front of that division and participated in the engagement. The commanding officer of the One hundred and seventeenth Illinois, from whose regiment all my skirmishers on this day were deployed, states in his report that two of his companies then on the skirmish line captured 3 pieces of artillery and 40 prisoners, and delivered them over to that command as it came up. In the evening the position of my brigade was so charged, as before mentioned, as to throw me upon the extreme left of the division, closing up with the right of the Fourth Corps, and in this position I was ordered to encamp for the night.

On the morning of the 16th, at 7 o'clock, I was again ordered to advance, and, after advancing about a mile, was ordered to take position in the center of the division, where my brigade remained in line in front of the enemy's works until 3 p.m. During this time the enemy were constantly shelling my line, but the little loss was sustained. My orders during the afternoon were to again regulate my movements by that of the command on my right. At about 3.30 p.m. that portion of the command commenced its final advance upon the enemy's works. It required but a moment to put my brigade in motion, and the whole command, with a shout peculiar to this corps, advanced rapidly upon the works in front, carrying them with but momentary resistance and sustaining but slight loss. The enemy, surprised at the charge, and witnessing the courage and determination of the troops, fled in every direction, while many threw down their arms and surrendered at once. So completely surprised were the enemy in my front by the assault that they had time to deliver but two or three volleys, and these so poorly directed that but little execution was done. In this assault my brigade captured 5 pieces of artillery and a number of prisoners, including 8 commissioned officers, among whom was the rebel Major General Edward Johnson, who was captured and escorted to the rear by Private J. William Howell, Company B, Forty-ninth Illinois Veteran Volunteers.

It is impossible, owing to the excitement and confusion at the time, to give any accurate statement as to the number of prisoners that actually fell into the hands of this brigade. Prisoners were sent to the rear indiscriminately, some with guards and others without, and, in addition to this, many were captured immediately at the works, and left without any guard, and a great many of them must certainly have fallen into the hands of other troops. It is, however, no exaggeration on my part to claim that at least 300 prisoners were captured by my brigade alone, and had I taken the precaution to have secured for the command all the prisoners that actually fell into my hands, I am satisfied it would exceed that number.

