
After advancing perhaps a mile in rear of the enemy's works, and there being no enemy in sight, I encamped for the night as ordered.

The exceeding small loss sustained by my brigade, compared to the victory gained, I consider unparalleled in the history of the war. My total loss during the two days' fight foots up 52, viz, 5 killed, 46 wounded, and 1 missing, a full and complete list of which, giving name, rank, date, &amp;c., I inclose herewith.*

Inasmuch as all the batteries of this division were placed under the immediate control of Captain Lowell, G Battery, Second Illinois, acting as chief of artillery, during the two days, I have not referred to the action of my battery during either day, though I have personal knowledge of the valuable services rendered and the crushing execution done by this battery. The battery was engaged constantly during the two days, and the conduct of the officers and men at all times was such as to merit approval. Corpl. Samuel J. Churchill, of this battery, commanding one gun detachment, is highly commended for distinguished bravery displayed on the first day. At a time when two of the enemy's batteries opened upon his guns, compelling for a short time the men of his detachment to seek the protection of the ground, this young soldier stood manfully up to his work, and for some minutes worked his gun alone.

It has been customary heretofore to mention in reports of this character individual cases of meritorious conduct on the part of officers and soldiers, but this I now find it difficult to do, simply because to mention one would render it necessary to mention all. Every officer of my command and every enlisted man, with but few exceptions, performed their duties nobly, and all officers, realizing the importance of the hour, vied with each other in the gallant discharge of duty.

Of my commanding officers-Colonel Pease, of the Fourty-ninth Illinois Veteran Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel Main, of the Fifty-second Indiana Veteran Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel Merriam, One hundred and seventeenth Illinois Volunteers; and Captain Gandolfo, One hundred and seventy-eighth New York Volunteers-I cannot speak too highly. The manner in which they commanded their respective regiments during these movements, as well as elsewhere, has only demonstrated their ability as excellent officers and their courage and bravery as soldiers.

To the officers of my staff-Lieutenant Cobine, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenants Rupe, acting assistant inspector-general; and Lieutenant Kobbe, of the One hundred and seventy-eighth New York Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp-I am largely indebted for valuable services rendered upon this occasion, and commend them for the zeal and courage they have displayed in the discharge of their duties throughout the campaign thus far.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. WOLFE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant J. B. COMSTOCK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Embodied in table, p.101.

---------------

