
[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

BATON ROUGE, LA., November 22, 1864.

[Brigadier General W. P. BENTON:]

GENERAL: I have the honor, on behalf of my comrades, officers of then C. S. Army and prisoners, to hand you a communication to Brigadier General George B. Hodge, C. S. Army, commanding District of Southwest Mississippi and East Louisiana, and request that you forward it to him as early as possible.

I am, general, very respectfully,

N. T. N. ROBINSON,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Sub-inclosure.]

U. S. PRISON,

Baton Rouge, La., November 22, 1864.

Brigadier General GEORGE B. HODGE,

Commanding Dist. of Southwest Miss. and East La., Liberty, La.:

GENERAL: We have the honor to state that on the night of the 19th instant the Federal cavalry, under Brigadier-General Lee, halted about six miles and a half from Liberty, on the Clinton road, and the weather being inclement and the ground thoroughly saturated, General Lee proposed that such of the officers of the C. S. Army (prisoners in his hands) as would give a verbal parole of honor should be permitted, without guard, to make use of the dwelling used a his headquarters. The parole was accepted without dissent, and the prisoners assigned to the same quarters and the same fare as himself and staff. About one hour after, Captain W. M. Chamberlain, Third and Fifth Missouri Infantry, commandant post Brookhaven, Lieutenant F. C. Skehan, same regiment, adjutant post Brookhaven, and First Lieutenant T. W. Younkin, First Confederate Infantry, inspector bureau of conscription, Seventh Congressional District of Mississippi, at Brookhaven made their appearance and stated that they had been paroled in the same manner. The next night (20th) the column halted at Mrs. G. A. Scott's, near Jackson, La., where each officer was informed that those who were willing to do so would be paroled for the night upon the same terms. The ground being entirely wet and the rain pouring in torrents, and nearly all the prisoners destitute of covering, the parole was again unanimously accepted, and the officers allowed the same privileges and accommodations as the general and staff. The next morning the following officers were found missing, viz: Captain W. M. Chamberlain, commandant post Brokhaven; Lieutenant F. C. Skehan, adjutant post Brookhave; Lieutenant T. W. Younkin, inspector conscripts, Brookhaven; Lieutenant T. B. Melton, Company E, Fifth Louisiana Cavalry. Those who remained were subjected to the mortifying and humiliating confession that for officers wearing the Confederate uniform had violated their paroled, and in the absence of a guard, under cover of darkness, had made their escape. A stigma has been cast upon the untarnished escutcheon of our arms. These men have forfeited every claim as gentlemen and officers,and their pledges, have been left to suffer from the consequences of their had faith. They may plead in extenuation that they did not originally form the compact, but the nature of the compact was thoroughly discussed with them by many of the subscribers, and they confided to none their intention to escape. We therefore beg, general that you

