
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 167. Near Nashville, Tenn., December 16, 1864.

The major-general commanding, with pride and pleasure, publishes the following dispatches to the army, and adds thereto his own thanks to the troops for the unsurpassed gallantry and good conduct displayed by them in the battles of yesterday and to-day.

A few more examples of devotion and courage like these,and the rebel army of the West which you have been fighting for three years, will be no more, and you may reasonably expect an early and honorable peace:

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 16, 1864-11.30 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Please accept for yourself officers, and men the Nation's thanks for good work of yesterday. You made a magnificent beginning. A grand consummations is within your easy reach; do not let it slip.

A. LINCOLN.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 15, 1864-midnight.

Major-General THOMAS:

I rejoice in tendering to you and the gallant officers and soldiers of your command the thanks of this Department for the brilliant achievements of this day, and hope that it is the harbinger of a decisive victory, and will crown you and your army with honor and do much toward closing the war. We shall give you and hundred guns in the morning.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 15, 1864-11.45 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Your dispatch of this evening just received. I congratulate you and the army under your command for to-day's operations, and feel a conviction that to-morrow will add more fruits to your victory.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 169. Pulaski, Tenn., December 29, 1864.

SOLDIERS: The major-general commanding announces to you that the rear guard of the flying and dispirited enemy was driven across the Tennessee River on the night of the 27th instant. The impassable state of the roads and consequent impossibility to supply the army compels a closing of the campaign for the present.

Although short, it has been brilliant in its achievements and unsurpassed in its results by any other of this war, and is one of which all who participated therein may be justly proud. That veteran rebel army which, though driven from position to position, opposed a stubborn resistance to much superior numbers during the whole of the Atlanta campaign, taking advantage of the absence of the largest portion of the which had been opposed to it in Georgia invaded Tennessee, buoyant will hope, expecting Nashville, Murfreesborough and the

