
prisoners did. Said he: "How could we fight? You got on our end" (i.e., flank). Company A, of the Thirty-third Wisconsin, broke through their line and charged them down their flank, perfectly enfilading their line at the stone fence.

All the regiments of my command behaved splendidly. In the charge on the Hillsborough pike all moved in line as on parade.

Colonel L. M. Ward, of the Fourteenth Wisconsin, commanding First Brigade, and Colonel L. Blanden, of the Ninety-fifth Illinois, commanding Second Brigade, both deserve especial notice; each handled his brigade with skill and judgment. I desire also to mention favorably the following members of my staff: Captain J. H. Wetmore, Ninety-fifth Illinois Infantry, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain H. M. Bush, Ninety-fifth Illinois Infantry, aide-de-camp and picket officer; Captain W. L. Scott, Thirty-third Wisconsin Infantry, acting assistant inspector-general; First Lieutenant William McNeil, Eighty-first Illinois, ordnance officer; and Major L. Dyer, Eighty-first Illinois Infantry, surgeon-in-chief. Each of these officers were at all times during the two days' battle at their proper placed, doing their duty bravely, gallantly.

For further particulars I refer you to the reports of my brigade commanders, which are herewith respectfully forwarded.

J. B. MOORE,

Colonel Thirty-third Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry,

Commanding Third Division, Detachment Army of the Tennessee.

Major J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Detach. Army of the Tennessee.

ADDENDA.

Movements and operations of Third Division, Detachment Army of the Tennessee, from the 20th to the 31st of December, 1864.

December 21, in camp near Spring Hill, Tenn., were ordered to move at dark; moved out of camp, but received orders to countermarch and return to camp. December 22, marched to Duck River, and camped near river-bank. December 23, in camp near Duck River; at night, in pursuance to orders from major-general commanding corps, the Thirty-third Wisconsin Infantry Volunteers and the Seventy-second Illinois were ordered to proceed, under command of Lieutenant Colonel F. S. Lovell, to Columbia and take possession of the town and do provost duty and prevent marauding and pillaging. In compliance with said order Colonel Lovel moved to Columbia, took possession of the town and established an efficient provost guard, effectually preventing all irregularities. December 24, marched the infantry of the command across Duck River at 1.30 p.m.; the artillery and train were unable to cross on account of the Fourth Corps train occupying the bridge. The infantry marched four miles and a half from Columbia on the Pulaski pike, and went into camp. The regiments on duty at Columbia were relieved at 4 p.m. by a brigade of the Twenty-third Corps and immediately moved to rejoin the division. December 25, in camp all day awaiting the arrival of batteries and supply train. December 26, moved at 9 a.m.; after marching five miles, the Seventy-second Illinois Infantry, in compliance to orders received from the major-general commanding corps, were sent back to report to Captain Drew, assistant quartermaster, at Columbia. December 27, moved at 9 a.m., and camped at night near Pulaski. December 28, Seventy-second Illinois rejoined division to-day; battery and train came up; division did not moved to-day. December 29, moved at 9 a.m.; marched about eight

