
The larger portion of these losses, amounting in the aggregate to fully 25 per cent, of the men under my command who were taken into action, it will be observed fell upon the colored troops. The severe loss of this part of my troops was in their brilliant charge on the enemy's works on Overton Hill on Friday afternoon. I was unable to discover that color made any difference in the fighting of my troops. All, white and black, nobly did their duty as soldiers, and evinced cheerfulness and resolution such as I have never seen excelled in any campaign of the war in which I have borne a part.

In closing this brief report of the operations of my command during the campaign, I feed that justice compels me to mention several officers who distinguished themselves by their energy, courage, and unremitting efforts to secure success.

Brigadier General Charles Cruft performed herculean labor in organizing, arming, and equipping the detachments of recruits, drafted men, and furloughed soldiers of the Army of the Tennessee to the number of 14,000-10,000 of whom took part in the campaign, in the battles before Nashville and in guarding the railroad defenses south of the Tennessee River. Six thousand of these men were commanded by the general in person in the field from the commencement until the close of the campaign. The general deserves the thanks of the country for the able and efficient manner in which he has performed this duty.

Brigadier General John F. Miller, commanding post of Nashville, displayed energy, efficiency, and promptness in placing his troops in position to hold a portion of the exterior line protecting the city of Nashville.

I am much indebted to Brigadier-General Donaldson, chief quartermaster of the department, for his efficient and energetic efforts to fit out my command on its arrival at Nashville, and for the assistance he rendered with the armed men of his department in protecting the city of Nashville pending the engagement. My thanks are due Colonel A. J. Mackay, chief quartermaster Army of the Cumberland, for his promptness in furnishing transportation to convey my command from Murfreesborough to Decatur, and forwarding supplies for my troops, by transports, to the mouth of Limestone River.

Colonel Felix Prince Salm, Sixty-eighth New York Veteran Volunteers, commanded a provisional brigade of my troops, and exhibited high qualities as a soldier. I respectfully recommend him for promotion.

Colonel T. J. Morgan, Fourteenth U. S. Colored Troops, behaved gallantly. I respectfully recommend him for promotion.

Lieutenant Colonel C. H. Grosvenor, Eighteenth Ohio Volunteers, behaved nobly in leading a charge on the rebel works, on the Rains place.

The following officers of my staff accompanied me on the campaign and discharged all the duties that devolved upon them in a most satisfactory manner: Colonel C. S. Cotter, First Ohio Light Artillery, chief of artillery; Major S. B. Moe, assistant adjutant-general; Captain A. Mills, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, inspector; Captain M. Davis, Fourteenth Ohio Volunteers, aide-de-camp; Captain W. B. Steedman, Fourteenth Ohio Volunteers, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant J. G. McAdams, Sixth Kentucky Cavalry, acting commissary of subsistence. Colonel H. B. Banning, One hundred and twenty-first Ohio Volunteers, served me ably as provost-marshal; Captain A. R. Keller, assistant quartermaster, reported to me, and rendered me efficient service as quartermaster for my command.

I am deeply indebted to Major S. B. Moe, my assistant adjutant-general, for his efficient and gallant services on the field, as well as for the valuable aid which his large experience as a railroad man enabled him to render me in pushing through the trains conveying my troops from Chattanooga to Nashville, and from Murfreesborough to Decatur.

