
Captain Osborne, Twentieth Indiana Battery, and Captain Aleshire. Eighteenth Ohio Battery, deserve praise for the effective and gallant manner in which they handled their respective batteries.

I am pleased to mention Mr. Stevens, superintendent of the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, Mr. Talmadge, master of transportation at Chattanooga, and Mr. Bryant, assistant superintendent Nashville, and Chattanooga road, as most honorable exceptions among the railroad men who have been censured by me for neglect of duty. These gentleman did everything in their power to aid me in getting over the railroad with my command. I respectfully commend them for their efforts.

I respectfully recommend Colonel William J. Palmer, Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, for promotion for distinguished, gallant, and successful services in pursuing, capturing, and destroying the pontoon and supply train of the enemy.

I fully concur in all that General Cruft has said in his report in commendation of the officers of his command.

Mr. James R. Hood, of Chattanooga, accompanied me throughout the campaign, and rendered me efficient and valuable services as a volunteer aide.

Respectfully submitted.

JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE, Chief of Staff.]

No. 179. Report of Brigadier General Charles Cruft, U. S. Army, commanding Provisional Division, of operations November 29, 1864-January 13, 1865.
HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL DIVISION,ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Chattanooga, Tenn., January 20, 1865.

The following report of the recent campaign is respectfully submitted:

I had been ordered by Major-General Thomas to organize the troops belonging to Major-General Sherman's field command within this department and report them to Major-General Steedman, commanding District of the Etowah. On the 29th day of November, 1864, while on the above duty at Chattanooga, Tenn., an order was received from Major-General Steedman to move that day by rail all available force. A portion of the garrison at Tunnel Hill was withdrawn, and, with the Eighteenth Ohio Volunteers, from this post, was added to my command. The following statement exhibits the number of officers and men comprising the command on leaving Chattanooga, and the formation of battalions and brigades, temporarily made, to wit:

Command.	 Officers	 Men	 Aggregate	 Total

FOURTEENTH ARMY

CORPS

Colonel J. G.

MITCHELL, commanding

First Battalion,	 8	 526	 534

Lieutenant Colonel

F. W. Lister

Second Battalion,	 4	 256	 260

Lieutenant Colonel

William O'Brien

TWENTIETH ARMY

---------

794

CORPS

Colonel BENJAMIN

HARRISON, commanding

First Battalion, 	 8	 399	 407

Lieutenant-Colonel

McManus

Second Battalion,	 6	 304	 310

Major Hoskins

Second Battalion,

---------

717

Major Hoskins

