
Command	 Officers	 Men	 Aggrega-	 Total

 	 	 te

TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS-

Continued

Lieutenant-Colonel

BANNING, commanding

Eighteenth Ohio 	 9	 316	 325

Infantry, Captain

Henderson

Third Battalion,	 8	 311	 319	 644

Fourteenth Army

--------

Corps, Major Roatch

SEVENTEENTH ARMY

CORPS

Colonel A. G. MALLOY,

commanding.

Field and staff	 3	 .......	 3

Twentieth Illinois	 1	 126	 127

Battalion, Captain

C. C. Cox

Thirtieth Illinois 	 1	 208	 209

Battalion, Captain J.

Kemmitzer

Thirteenth Iowa	 1	 186	 187

Infantry, Captain

C. H. Haskin

Third Battalion, 	 6	 290	 296	 822

Twentieth Army Corps,

-------

Captain Hulbert

Total	 55	 2,922	 2,977

November 30, 1864, reached Cowan Station at 8 a.m., disembarked the command, and bivouacked.

December 1, shipped the command by rail during the night, and left Cowan about daylight. Reached Nashville at 5 p.m. and went into camp in the eastern suburbs of the city. December 2, moved to the hill near Rains' house and built a strong line of fortifications, and a redoubt for the Twentieth Indiana Battery (Captain Osborne commanding), which was upon service with my command this day. December 3, in compliance with orders from Major-General Steedman, abandoned the works built the day previous, and fell back to a line indicated nearer the city. In the new position the right rested at Judge Trimble's house, and the line extending northward across the Murfreesborough pike, the left rested near Major Lewis' house. A substantial line of earth-works, with a protecting line of palisades, and an abatis of brush in front, was speedily constructed. During the day the Eighteenth Ohio Battery (Captain Aleshire commanding) was assigned to me for duty. A strong redoubt was built for the artillery at a point where the line crossed the Murfreesborough turnpike. My command occupied this line until the general assault upon the enemy. The position was materially strengthened from day to day by the construction and raising of a dam across Brown's Creek, at the bridge below, on the Lebanon turnpike. The creek ran nearly parallel to the line of works and about 200 yards in front of the abatis. It became-as the depth of water increased-a material impediment in the way of an assault. My command performed about 4,500 days' work in the construction of this dam. Lieutenant-Colonel Grosvenor principally superintended its construction, in obedience to orders from district headquarters. Major Roatch, commanding battalion Fourteenth Army Corps, was seriously wounded while superintending a fatigue party at the dam, and the services of this meritorious officer were hereby lost to his command during the residue of the campaign.

December 11. My command was increased on and after the 6th instant by the assignment of recruits arriving from the rear, amounting in the aggregate to 2,327 enlisted men, who were properly armed and distributed to their respective battalions and brigades. The Sixty-eighth Indiana Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Espy commanding, was also added. These re-enforcements brought the effective strength of

