
on the eve of the 28th after dark and marched out two miles on the Courtland road, when we encamped. This march, though short, was very trying. The weather was severely cold, the road difficult and muddy, and at our encampment no sufficient amount of wood could be found to make the men comfortable. On the 29th the command marched twelve miles and encamped at Swope's farm.

On the 30th we moved into Courtland and went into camp, and remained there until the evening of January 4, when we took up the return march and arrived at Decatur on the morning of the 6th. Having crossed the river on the pontoon bridge we immediately embarked on the cars for Chattanooga. At midnight same day we were unloaded and put it camp about two miles out from Huntsville, and remained there until noon of the following day, when we were again placed upon the cars, and ran as far as Larkinsville, when we were again unloaded, and remained until the evening of the 8th. At 4 p.m. of this day I received verbal orders from Brigadier-General Cruft to proceed with my brigade to Bellefonte Station, ten miles above Larkinsville, to intercept a force of rebel cavalry under General Lyon, reported to be moving in that direction to cross the Tennessee River. I at once put my command on the cars and proceeded toward Bellefonte. In passing I stopped the train at Scottsborough and informed the lieutenant commanding there that the enemy, 800 strong, with one piece of artillery, was moving toward the railroad, and that if he was attacked I would re-enforce him. I arrived at Bellefonte Station just at dusk. The troops were immediately unloaded, and a detachment of fifteen mounted men from the Eleventh Indiana and First Alabama Cavalry (which accompanied me) was sent north on the Winchester road (which crosses the railroad at this point), under the command of Lieutenant S. G. Willets, of my staff, to ascertain the direction in which the enemy was moving. Infantry scouts were also dispatched to the town of Bellefonte, one mile and a half south of the railroad, and about one mile from the river, and a patrol started back on the railroad toward Scottsborough to gather the earliest information of the presence of the enemy. While awaiting the report of these parties the troops were put in position near the stockade, one battalion occupying the work. About 12 p.m., and before any report had been received from my scouts, some scattering musketry was heard in the direction of Scottsborough, five miles west on the railroad. The troops were kept in readiness to move whenever the locality of the enemy might be discovered. While thus waiting a train east stopped at Bellefonte Station, and reported to the sergeant of the guard that Scottsborough had been attacked, and that the lieutenant commanding there desired a re-enforcement of fifty to seventy-five men. I at once sent an order to Captain Titus, who had already started with a patrol of fifty men in that direction, to push rapidly forward, and if possible to throw himself in to the relief of the garrison, and hold the enemy in check until I could re-enforce with the brigade. Shortly afterward another train passed up the road, and they (hailed by me) reported that there was no attack on Scottsborough, that only a few guerrillas had placed some obstructions on the track, and that most of the firing had been done by the guard on the train. This led me to believe that the movement on Scottsborough was only a feint and that the real crossing could yet be attempted at Bellefonte. In a few minutes the musketry firing was renewed at Scottsborough, and was soon followed by five discharge of artillery, after which all firing ceased. The fight certainly did not last more than half an hour. I was now satisfied that the real attack

