
had been made at Scottsborough, and concluded that the garrison of colored troops (fifty-five in number) had been overcome. I felt satisfied that the enemy would not delay long at Scottsborough, but would probably push on at once for some of the ferries on the river. My cavalry returned about this time and brought with them two citizens residing in Maynard's Cove (and one notorious guerrilla), who had seen Lyon's command nine miles from and going toward Scottsborough one hour and a half before sunset, and who estimated his force at 800 cavalry and one light piece of artillery, and that his men said that they intended to attack Scottsborough. I at once started the cavalry through the town of Bellefonte, with directions to keep the road running from that point toward Huntsville parallel to the river, and to feel in to the river at the Bellefonte and McGinn ferries, to ascertain whether the enemy were attempting either of those crossings. At 2 a.m. [9th] I started with my entire force (leaving a garrison of fifty convalescents in the stockade) to follow the road taken by the cavalry. This part of the night was very dark and the mud and water deep, so that progress was very slow. I halted at daylight at Snodgrass' farm, on Dry Creek, and gave the men time to breakfast while a bridge was built over the stream. Having definitely learned that the enemy had moved southwest from Scottsborough, I concluded that he would not strike the river above Larkin's Landing, but I continued my march parallel to the river toward that landing, feeling in with my cavalry frequently, so as to be certain that the enemy did not slip between me and the river.

About 12 m. this day I received an order from General Cruft directing me to have my command at daylight of the 9th at the Bellefonte Ferry, and stating that Colonel Malloy's brigade would be at Sublett's Landing, two miles and a half below. As I had already ascertained that the enemy had moved farther down the river (a fact not known to the general when the order was written), I deemed it my duty to disregard it an push on down the river. My march was miserably slow, and at 4.30 p.m. I found myself at Squire Hodges' farm, on Rosebury Creek. As my men had been out of rations all day and very much exhausted, I halted for the night and pressed some teams to send back to Scottsborough for rations. In the morning Rosebury Creek was so swollen by rains as to render it impossible to cross with infantry, and having learned that two brigades had already reached Larkin's Landing I did not deem it best to push on by the circuitous route I would be obliged to follow, but concluded to remain where I would be in position to intercept the enemy should he attempt to push his way back into the mountains. Accordingly I lay in camp during the 10th day of January awaiting orders from General Cruft and keeping my cavalry out watching for straggling parties of the enemy. On the morning of the 11th received orders to move my command to the nearest railroad station, and if I could procure transportation to come on to Chattanooga and report to General Steedman. Having succeeded in getting a train from Mr. Bryant, military superintended railroad, I left Scottsborough about 2 p.m. the 11th instant, and, taking up my small garrison at Bellefonte, arrived at Chattanooga at 3 a.m. the 12th instant, and reported to General Steedman, as ordered.

In concluding I must say that the campaign, though not characterized by much fighting, was one of unusual severity and hardship, and considering the character of the men composing the command, certainly much more was accomplished and endured by it than could in reason have been expected. My officers were utterly without baggage and often without blankets, and several times without rations. They discharged

