
their duties faithfully and cheerfully. The officers my staff, who, with me, shared all the privations spoken of above, are entitled to my thanks and this public acknowledgment for their energy and intelligence. Two battalion commanders and ten line officers and two of my staff were returned sick during the campaign, while 240 enlisted men were sent back exhausted and sick.

Respectfully submitted.

BENJ. HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. A. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 181. Reports of Colonel G. Mitchell, One hundred and thirteenth Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations November 29, 1864-January 13, 1865.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, PROVISIONAL DIVISION,Near Nashville, Tenn., [December -, 1864].

CAPTAIN: In obedience to instructions received from General Cruft, I have the honor to report the result of a reconnaissance toward Rains' house:

The command was in motion in fifteen minutes from the time the order was received. The skirmish line was promptly moved into the woods on this side of the said house; the outhouses were held by a small guard of the enemy, who were promptly driven back upon the main house and into the principal line of their works. The line was advanced to and held Rains' house, but was unable to drive the enemy from their works, which are about 100 yards from the house. My line could not be extended to the left because every man who understood skirmishing was already on the line. I therefore withdrew. My belief is that the line was not held in great force, but was occupied by a greater number of men than would be intended for a mere lookout.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. MITCHELL,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain JOHN A. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, PROVISIONAL DIVISION,ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Near Courtland, Ala., January 3, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit herewith the following report of the operations of this command during the campaign just ended:

November 29, pursuant to orders, left Chattanooga on railway. November 30, arrived at Cowan, Tenn., bivouacked, and at dark received orders to re-embark on the cars and proceed to Nashville.

December 2, moved down the Nolensville road one mile, and, with my entire command, prepared a line of entrenchments on a commanding eminence between the Nolensville road and the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad. December 3, abandoned the position of yesterday and

