
retired to a range of low hills nearer Nashville; threw up a line of works, with my right resting on the Murfreesborough road, extending to the left toward the Lebanon road. December 4 to 10, remained quietly in camp, drilling and performing ordinary camp duties. December 11, received orders at 11 a.m. to make a reconnaissance toward Rains' house, to the right and front of the Murfreesborough road. In fifteen minutes from the reception of the order the command was moving. Notwithstanding the severity of the weather and the almost impassable condition of the roads and fields the reconnaissance was accomplished with entire satisfaction and the object fully attained. December 11 to 15, remained in camp. December 15, at 3 a.m. moved into the works to the right of Franklin road. December 16, moved with command after dark and occupied the line of fortifications erected on the 2nd instant. December 19, marched to La Vergne, and bivouacked. December 20, marched to vicinity of Murfreesborough. December 21 to 26, on the cars en route between Murfreesborough and Limestone Creek, Ala. December 26, disembarked and marched through Mooresville toward Tennessee River. December 27, reached river, crossed, formed line of battle at dark, and moved to Decatur. December 28, resumed march towards Courtland. December 30, reached Courtland and moved into camp.

It would be doing injustice to the officers and men under me to fail to notice the uniform zeal and earnestness displayed in the performance of every duty assigned them in this most severe campaign. The command, composed in large part of disabled officers and men just recruited or drafted into the service, was most difficult to maneuver in the outsmart. It affords me great satisfaction to say that I have never known duties more faithfully performed or dangers and hardships more uncomplainingly borne than during the present campaign, which has required all the fortitude and endurance heretofore displayed in the history of this struggle.

I have the honor to remain, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. MITCHELL,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain JOHN A. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, PROVISIONAL DIVISION,ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Near Chattanooga, Tenn., January 16, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit the supplemental report of the operations of this brigade during the latter part of the campaign just ended:

Pursuant to orders this command left camp at Courtland, Ala., on the 6th of January, and arrived at Decatur on the morning of the 7th instant, where it was embarked on the cars for Huntsville, at which point it arrived at 9 p.m. of the same day. Owing to the destruction of the railroad bridges across Paint Rock River the brigade could not proceed, and was ordered into camp two miles from Huntsville, on the Meridian road. At 2 a.m., two hours after going into camp, I received an order to re-embark my command on the cars and proceed to Larkinsville to the relief of the garrison, which was threatened by the enemy. Arrived at Paint Rock River just at dawn of day of the 8th instant,

