
crossed the whole command on rafts, and reached Larkinsville at 12 m. of that day. Scouting parties were immediately sent to all parts of the surrounding country to gain information, but nothing of importance gathered. On the morning of the 9th instant my command marched, at 4 o'clock. to the intersection of the Scottsborough and Larkinsville roads. Here my scouts brought the information that the enemy had passed down the Bellefonte, road eight hours before, taking the direction of Gunter's Landing, on the Tennessee River. I moved the command as speedily as possible, on a country road in the direction of Guntersville. The advance guard came upon small detachments of the enemy in the act of burning the bridge across Santa. The skirmishers fired on the enemy and rushed upon the bridge, throwing off a large pile of burning timbers. But little injury was done to the bridge, and the command was delayed a few minutes in crossing. But for the prompt action of the skirmishers we must have been delayed some hours in the pursuit. Command bivouacked at Pendergrass' during the night. On 9th instant moved to Claysville. On the 10th the advance in sight of small parties of enemy during most of the morning. The Third Battalion, in command of Lieutenant-Colonel O'Brien, was moved down to the landing at Guntersville. Lieutenant-Colonel O'Brien captured a small amount of stores and an ambulance, &amp;c., which was turned over to the quartermaster's department. 11th, remained in camp at Claysville. Third Battalion still at Gunter's Landing. 12th, marched at daylight for Woodville, twenty-two miles distant, without rations except for breakfast. Arrived at Woodville at 6 p.m., drew rations for two days, and immediately embarked on the cars for Chattanooga, where we arrived on the evening of the 13th instant.

General Lyon's cavalry was actually broken up through the persistent pursuit to which he was subjected, and although but few of them were captured they were completely disorganized and fled in small squads, escaping as they best could through the mountains.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. MITCHELL,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain JOHN A. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 182. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles H. Grosvenor, Eighteenth Ohio Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations December 15-20, 1864.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, PROVISIONAL DIVISION,ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Stevenson, Ala., December 23, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my brigade during the recent campaign in front of Nashville:

On the evening of December 14 I received your orders to report with my command "in trim for fighting" to Colonel Thomas J. Morgan, on the Murfreesborough turnpike, the next morning at daylight. I at once communicated in writing with that officer, and by his direction met him at his headquarters and was advised of plans, and received definite orders at 5 a.m. December 15. My command was a follows: Sixty-eighth Indiana Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel H. J. Espy commanding; Eighteenth

