
Permit me to speak briefly of the great gallantry, and high qualities of Captain Grosvenor, Eighteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, who died so gallantly at the head of his command. He was a true, efficient, and chivalrous soldier. Always prompt in the discharge of duty, courteous, truthful and honest in his official associations, pure in heart, simple and unostentatious in life, brave and dashing in action, the service the country have sustained an irreparable loss.

Lieutenant Thomas, Eighteenth Ohio Volunteers, also killed, was a brave, gallant, and faithful soldier, and gave promise for the future.

The Sixty-eighth Indiana Volunteers behaved with great gallantry and true soldierly endurance throughout. Its men are well drilled, its officers brave and efficient. Lieutenant-Colonel Espy rendered me most invaluable services, both as regimental commander, staff officer, and brigade commander during my illness from the 19th till the 23rd of December. I recommend Lieutenant-Colonel Espy as a first-rate soldier and worthy man.

Captain Benedict, Eighteenth Ohio Volunteers Infantry, was wounded in each battle, and finally disabled and carried from the field. He is a most thoroughly reliable and efficient officer, and long ago deserved promotion.

Captains Henderson and Brown, of the Second Battalion, behaved well, as did also without exception all the officers of that unfortunate command on the two fields. It was not from want of gallantry on their part that their battalion failed.

The Eighteenth Ohio gives promise to sustain fully the good names of the organization from which it was formed.

My thanks are due to Lieutenant E. P. Johnson, Sixty-eighth Indiana Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general on my staff, for his courage, perseverance, and faithfulness in the discharge of his duty in camp and field, as also Lieutenant Joseph E. Chapman, acting commissary of subsistence and aide-de-camp, for his efficient aid on the field.

Lieutenant T. A. Beaton, Fifth Tennessee Cavalry, reported to me on the field each day, and although not on duty within this department, volunteered his efficient assistance in many ways.

Surgeon Jenner, Fifth Ohio Volunteers Infantry, brigade surgeon, although without proper supplies or facilities, distinguished himself by his devotion to the sick and the wounded during the whole of the arduous campaign. I owe him especial thanks for his care and skillful attention to myself.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. GROSVENOR,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Brigade.

Captain JOHN A. WRIGHT, Asst. Adjt. General, First Division.

No. 183. Report of Captain John M. Benedict, Eighteenth Ohio Infantry, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH OHIO INFANTRY,Chattanooga, Tenn., January 20, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the two days' battle before Nashville, Tenn., on the 15th and 16th of December, 1864:

In obedience to orders from Lieutenant-Colonel Grosvenor, commanding Third Brigade, First Provisional Division, Army of the Cumberland,

34 R R-VOL XLV, PT I

