
endurance throughout the two days' fight. I wish to speak briefly of the gallantry and soldierly qualities of Captain Grosvenor and Lieutenant Thomas, who died so nobly at the head of their commands; they were both brave and efficient officers.

Lieutenant J. B. Emery was severely wounded on the first day while bravely leading his command against the enemy's works. Lieutenants Grant, Collings, and Lynch deserve special mention for the promptness in which obeyed all my orders. Lieutenant D. M. Bates, acting adjutant, rendered me invaluable service during the campaign; he is a good worthy officer, and deserves promotion. Lieutenant R. B. Chappell, acting regimental quartermaster, although not in the fight, rendered me very valuable assistance; by his untiring energy the command was well supplied with rations and ammunition at all times during the fight.

Owing to the scarcity of officers several companies were necessarily commanded by sergeants. Those who distinguished themselves as such are Sergt. B. F. Davis, Company A; Jerome F. Fry, Company C; James G. Irwin, Second Ohio; and Henry Carr, Twenty-fourth Ohio. They are all good soldiers and deserve promotion.

To Sergt. William H. Emrick, Thirty-fifth Ohio, I owe especial thanks for his assistance in helping me off the field when wounded in the first days' fight.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. BENEDICT,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant E. P. JOHNSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 184. Report of Captain Milton A. Osborne, Twentieth Battery Indiana Light Artillery, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH INDIANA BATTERY,Murfreesborough, Tenn., December 20, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Twentieth Indiana Battery in the engagement near Nashville, Tenn., on the 15th and 16th of December, 1864:

The battery was engaged from 8 a.m. of the 15th instant throughout the day, both sections having taken position early in the day within 500 yards of the enemy's main line of works, the right section operating with Colonel Morgan's U. S. Colored Brigade, and the left section with Colonel Thompson's U. S. Colored Brigade. The right section changed its position at 10 a.m., and took position in the open field within 300 yards of the enemy's works, and held the position until the infantry-Colonel Morgan's and Colonel Grosvenor's brigades-had passed to the rear and reformed, in the meantime keeping up a continual fire, which enabled the infantry the more successfully to be withdrawn. This section then retired and took a position northeast of the Rains house, immediately behind the skirmish line of Colonel Morgan's brigade, where the section remained, keeping up a continual fire until night.

Early on the morning of the 16th the two sections of the battery were brought together and moved, with Colonel Morgan's brigade,

