
until the morning of the 3rd, when I was ordered back to within the limits of the city, where my command occupied a position between the Lebanon and Murfreesborough pikes, my right resting about twenty rods to the left of the latter, while my left reached about the same distance to the right of the former, the line running; at about right angles with the pike, when I was ordered to throw up works. On the 13th of December my brigade was ordered out on a reconnaissance to the east of the city. I marched out the Murfreesborough pike about one mile, formed line of battle at right angles with the pike, my left resting upon the same. I immediately sent out a heavy skirmish line, which soon became engaged and drove the enemy to his works. The object of the reconnaissance having been attained. I received orders from General Cruft to return to camp with my command. The casualties during the reconnaissance were as follows; Killed, 1; wounded, 8; missing, 1.

On the morning of December 15, 1864, in compliance with orders received the previous evening from the general commanding, my command marched at 5 a.m. and occupied the works to the right of Fort Negley. From this date until the morning of December 19, 1864, the command occupied various positions in the line of works surrounding Nashville. On the morning of December 19, 1864, in compliance with orders from the commanding general the evening previous, my brigade marched at 5 a.m., on the Murfreesborough pike. On the afternoon of December 20, 1864, the command arrived at and went into camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn. On the morning of December 21, 1864, I received orders from General Cruft to march my command to the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad and embark as soon as cars could be procured, which occupied nearly the whole day. On the morning of December 26, 1864, having arrived at a point on the Huntsville and Decatur Railroad about ten miles east of the latter place, I received orders to disembark and march at once. On December 27 I arrived with my brigade at the Tennessee River about three miles above Decatur, Ala., and immediately embarked on transport and crossed my command to the south side, when I received orders from General Cruft to form line of battle and act as reserve to the brigades of Colonels Harrison and Mitchell in the advance on Decatur, Ala. From that date until the present time nothing of interest has transferred in the command.

Yours, with respect,

A. G. MALLOY,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain JOHN A. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Provisional Division.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, PROVISIONAL DIVISION,ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

Larkinsville, Ala., January 12, 1865.

I have the honor to submit to you the following report of recent operations of my command:

On the evening of the 8th instant, pursuant to orders from the general commanding, with a portion of my command, numbering 950 men, I proceeded by rail from Larkinsville, Ala., to Scottsborough, Ala. When within one mile of Scottsborough the trains were halted by the officer in charge of the Scottsborough garrison, who reported that he

