
had been attacked and driven from the town by an overwhelming force of the enemy, estimated at 1,500 strong, with three pieces of artillery. I immediately disembarked my command and formed in line of battle. Having thrown forward a skirmish line, I advanced and moved into the town, which I found evacuated by the enemy. Before his retreat the enemy set fire to the depot buildings at Scottsborough; my skirmishers succeeded in extinguishing the flames and saving the building. I occupied the town of Scottsborough at 2.30 o'clock on the morning of the 9th instant. At 4 a.m. of the same day I had my command in readiness to move in pursuit of the enemy, but my guides having failed to report, I was detained three hours, at the expiration of which time Lieutenant

----------

, commanding Independent Scouts, reported to me, as ordered by General Cruft, with ten men as guides. At 7 a.m. my brigade moved out from Scottsborough. I had marched but a short distance when I ascertained that the enemy was moving down on the Guntersville road. This fact I reported to the general commanding. I pushed my command forward as rapidly as the weather and bad roads would permit. It rained incessantly, and the roads were almost impassable. At Scott's Creek I was detained three hours in constructing a bridge over that stream. The pursuit was kept up until dark, when the command went into camp near the residence of one Gross. At 5 a.m. on the 10th instant the march was resumed, my command moving on toward Guntersville. About 4 p.m. of the same day I arrived at Claysville, where, in obedience to orders, I encamped my command. By the afternoon of the 10th instant my command had accomplished a march of thirty miles in sixteen hours, over roads rendered almost impassable by the heavy rains which fell during the march.

As my command had no rations it was compelled to subsist on the country. Foraging parties succeeded in finding very little in the way of provisions.

On the morning of the 11th instant I received orders from General Cruft to march my command back to Larkinsville. At 11 a.m. of that day the command was in motion, and reached Larkinsville the evening of the 12th instant.

The casualties in my brigade were 2 men killed and 1 mortally wounded.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. MALLOY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain JOHN A. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 186. Report of Colonel Thomas J. Morgan, Fourteenth U. S. Colored Troops, commanding First Colored Brigade, of operations November 29, 1864-January 12, 1865.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., January 16, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the forces under my command in the recent campaign:

On November 29, 1864, by order of Major-General Steedman I assumed command of the Fourteenth U. S. Colored Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel Corbin, the Sixteenth U. S. Colored Infantry, Colonel William B. Gaw,

