
I have as yet received no reports from battalion commanders and no lists of casualties; these will be forwarded as soon as received.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. J. MORGAN,

Colonel Fourteen U. S. Colored Infantry.

Major S. B. MOE, Asst. Adjt. General, District of the Etowah.

Numbers 187. Report of Captain Clarence W. Baker, Fourteenth U. S. Colored Troops, of operations December 2, 1864.

CAMP FOURTEENTH U. S. COLORED INFANTRY,

Nashville, Tenn., November [December] -, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have herewith the honor to submit a report concerning the conduct and loss of Companies A and D, Fourteenth U. S. Colored Infantry, in action at Stockade Numbers 2, December 2, 1864.

The train was very unexpectedly fired upon by a rebel battery from a commanding position. The men left the cars hastily, were formed in line, and moved upon the hill in rear of the stockade, subsequently deployed as skirmishers, lying exposed to a heavy fire from artillery and musketry from 11 a. m. until about 6 p. m., when the larger part of the command was drawn in, leaving pickets posted upon the skirmish line held during the day, and throwing up a rude breast-work, with traverses, on two sides of the stockade. Upon a due consultation of the place was determined upon, whereat the men were much pleased, expressing themselves as ready to cut through the rebel lines, or, failing, die in the attempt. Fortunately we succeeded in passing through the line of rebel pickets without losing a man in killed or wounded.

Our loss was as follows: Company A, Fourteenth U. S. Colored Infantry-killed, 1 private; wounded, 1 corporal, 2 privates, missing, 1 corporal, 7 privates; total, 2 corporals, 10 privates; total, 1 corporal, 12 privates. One wounded man from A and 2 wounded from D Company were left in the stockade, unable to be moved.

It is no more than simple justice to say for the men and officers under my command that they behaved admirably and did credit to the regiment.

CLARENCE W. BAKER,

Captain, 14th U. S. Colored Infty., Commanding Companies A and D.

Lieutenant JOHN E. CLELLAND,

Forty-fourth U. S. Colored Infty., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

Numbers 188. Report of Colonel Williams R. Shafter, Seventeenth U. S. Colored Troops, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH Regiment U. S. COLORED INFANTRY,Nashville, Tenn., January 30, 1865.

COLONEL: In obedience to your instructions, I have the honor to report the part taken by the Seventeenth U. S. Colored Infantry in the battle of Nashville, December 15, 1864, as follows:

On the morning of December 15 I reported to you duty with my regiment, in pursuance of orders from Brigadier-General Miller, com

