
Numbers 191. Report of Colonel Charles R. Thompson, Twelfth U. S. Colored Troops, commanding Second Colored Brigade, of operations December 7, 1864-January 15, 1865.
HDQRS. TROOPS ON NASHVILLE AND NORTHWESTERN R. R.,Kingston Springs, Tenn., February 24, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the action of my command during the past campaign:

On the 7th day of December I reported to Major-General Steedman, in accordance with verbal orders received from department headquarters, and by his directions placed my brigade in line near the city graveyard, the right resting on College street, and the left on the right of Colonel Harrison's brigade, where we threw up two lines of rifle-pits. On the 11th of December made a reconnaissance, by order of the general commanding, to see if the enemy were still in our front. Two hundred men, under command of Colonel John. A. Hottestein, pressed the enemy's picket-line and reserve to their main line of works, where they were found to be in force. The object of the reconnaissance having been accomplished we retired to our position in line by the direction of the major-general commanding. This was the first time that any of my troops had skirmished with an enemy, and their conduct was entirely satisfactory. On the 13th of December, by order of the general commanding, I reported to Colonel Malloy, commanding brigade, Provisional Division, District of the Etowah, to make a reconnaissance on the east side of the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, to see if the enemy was still in force in that vicinity. The Thirteenth Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry was deployed as skirmishers, and the Twelfth and One hundred Regiments U. S. Colored Infantry were held in reserve in line. We advanced from the Murfreesborough pike, with the skirmishers of Colonel Malloy's brigade connecting with my left, and drove the enemy's picket and reserves to their main line, after a somewhat stubborn resistance, on the grounds of Mr. Rains. The enemy were there in full force, and sharp firing was kept up as long as we remained there, which was until nearly dark. We retired to our position in line, but not without loss. Captain Robert Headen, of Company E, Twelfth U. S. Colored Infantry, was mortally wounded while on the skirmish line pushing his company forward under a heavy fire from the enemy's earth-works; several men, also, were killed and wounded.

On the 15th; of December, by directions received from the major-general commanding, I moved my command at 6 a. m. to assault the enemy's works between the railroad and the Nolensville pike. So that movement might be made more rapidly I moved the two regiments, which were to be in the first line (the Thirteenth and One hundredth U. S. Colored Infantry), under cover of the railroad bank, and placed them in column of company, side by side, and awaited the opening of the battle, which was to be done by Colonel Morgan, on the left. As soon as his guns were heard I moved across the railroad, the reserve regiment (the Twelfth U. S. Colored Infantry) passing in the rear through a culvert and wheeling into line charged and took the works in our front. The enemy were evidently expecting us to move to the left of the railroad, as their artillery was moved to meet us there and was not opened on us until we had gained the works and were comparatively well protected. My orders being to await there the orders of the general commanding, my command was kept in the same position during the day,

