
daring. The loss in the brigade was over twenty-five per cent. of the number engaged, and the loss was sustained in less than thirty minutes. While reorganizing my command the troops on the right had broken the enemy's line, which caused them to retreat from Overton Hill. The enemy on Overton Hill was considerably re-enforced during the attack, on account of the firmness of the assault, and which naturally weakened the enemy's left and made it easier for our troops to break their line at that point. Under orders from the general commanding we moved down the Franklin pike, and bivouacked on the left of the army.

December 17, we marched to the north bank of the Harpeth River, opposite Franklin, in pursuit of the enemy. December 18, marched about three miles south of Franklin, where orders reached us to return to Franklin and from there to move to Murfreesborough. We arrived in Murfreesborough on the 20th of December, at about noon, the men completely worn down, having accomplished by far the hardest march that I ever experienced. The rain had fallen almost constantly, and every brook had overflown its banks and assumed the proportions of a river. The mud was ankle deep, and when we arrived at Murfreesborough over fifty per cent. of the command were in need of shoes. On the 23rd of December, 1864, moved from Murfreesborough by rail, and on the 26th of December disembarked from the cars about nine miles east of Decatur, Ala., and moved within a mile of the Tennessee River, near the mouth of Flint River. Was placed in command of the Second Provisional Division, of the First and Second Colored Brigades and Reserve Brigade. On the 27th, in accordance with orders from the general commanding. I moved my command to the river and embarked them on transports. We were landed on the opposite shore, and a bridge which had been prepared was thrown across a lagoon, which still separated us from the main shore, by the men of the Eighteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry. Too much praise cannot be given to this regiment for the skill and energy displayed in the laying of this bridge. Skirmishers were sent across this lagon immediately upon landing, and in wading the water was up to their necks. Before noon the whole command was across and I pushed it forward, driving the enemy before until I reached a point at which I had been directed to halt and await further orders from the general commanding. From information received from citizens I was sure that there was not more than 200 cavalry at Decatur, and so informed the general commanding. General Cruft, with the First Provisional Division, having crossed the river and lagoon, came up and joined my right. We then moved forward into Decatur with but little resistance. We moved from Decatur on the 28th of December with the whole command, and arrived at Courtland on the 30th of December. On the 31st, in accordance with directions from the general commanding. I started with my division from Courtland to proceed as far as La Grange and Leighton, to support the cavalry under Colonel Palmer, that had gone to destroy the train of the enemy. Moved on this day as far as Town Creek, where we found it necessary to build a bridge, which was done with great dispatch, by the Eighteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry. We moved from Town Creek at 4 a.m. January 1, 1865, and arrived at Leighton at 9 a.m. Sent Colonel John A. Hottenstein, with the Second Brigade Colored Troops, to La Grande, with orders to take post there and find out all he could about Colonel Palmer, and to communicate to me any information that he might receive. On the 2nd received orders from the general commanding to move east with my command and rejoin him at Courtland. I started immediately, but at Town Creek

