
commissary of subsistence of the brigade-I cannot speak too highly; uniting in the performance of their several duties, and on the field anxious to do the cause service in the most dangerous places, they richly deserve the thanks of the country.

To the glorious dead we drop a tear, and while we cannot but deeply regret the great loss, not only we, their companions, but the country has sustained, we could not wish them more honorable graves. The conscientious, brave, and high-minded Captain Robert Headen, the gallant Lieutenant Dennis Dease, the gentle, but firm and untiring Lieutenant D. Grant Cooke, of the Twelfth U. S. Colored Infantry, the two former receiving their death wounds while leading their men against their country's and freedom's foe, the latter butchered by the savage enemy while performing his duties as regimental quartermaster taking supplies to his command, we can never forget as friends, and their positions can hardly be refilled.

In the deaths of Lieutenant John M. Wooddruft, Lieutenant George Taylor, Lieutenant L. L. Parks, and Lieutenant James A. Isom, of the Thirteenth U. S. Colored Infantry, the service has lost brave and efficient officers, the country patriots, and humanity friends; they all fell close to the enemy's works, leading their brave men.

The loss of the brigade is as follows:

 Officers	 Men	 Aggregate

Killed	 7	 73	 80

Wounded	 12	 376	 388

Missing	 ........	 1	 1

Total	 19	 450	 469

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. R. THOMPSON,

Colonel Twelfth U. S. Colored Infantry, Commanding Brigade.

Major S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of the Etowah.

No. 192. Report of Captain Henry Hegner, Twelfth U. S. Colored Troops, of operations December 15, 1864-January 21, 1865.
HDQRS. TWELFTH REGIMENT U. S. COLORED INFANTRY,Kingston, Springs, Tenn., February 4, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Twelfth Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry during the last campaign in Tennessee and Alabama:

During the battle of Nashville, on the 16th day of December, 1864, while charging a battery near the Franklin pike, Major A. J. Finch, commanding Twelfth Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry, was severely wounded, and the command of the regiment devolved on be by virtue of seniority. At the time I assumed command the regiment had been repulsed and a few minutes partially disorganized. With the assistance of the other officers I reformed the regiment, and in accordance with orders from brigade headquarters, took position a short distance to the left and rear of the portion of the battle-ground on which we

