
had fought, and remained in that position until ordered to advance and take position on the left of the army. On the 17th of December we moved forward to Franklin. On the 18th we marched out with the army, but after proceedings a few miles we received orders to countermarch, and returning through Franklin marched across the country toward Murfreesborough, where we arrived on 21st day of December. On the 23rd, 24th, 25th, and 26th, we moved by railroad, via Stevenson and Huntsville, to a point on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, where, the bridges having been burned, we had to leave the cars and march toward the Tennessee River, where we arrived at daybreak on the morning of the 27th. The regiment crossed the river in transports and landed on a small peninsula, being the first regiment to land south of the river. In accordance with orders received from brigade headquarters I immediately threw four companies, under command of Captain A. M. Bowdle, across a deep bayou, to be deployed as skirmishers and cover the construction of a bridge, which was soon completed, when the remaining companies crossed and were deployed as skirmishers, the enemy having in the meantime opened the engagement with cavalry and artillery. After some lively skirmishing, in which we lost very little, we advanced gradually, and occupied Decatur, Ala., at 6 p.m. On the evening of the 28th of December we resumed the march, and arrived at Courtland on the 30th, and marched on 31st beyond Jonesborough.

On the 1st day of January we marched to and occupied La Grange. On the 2nd we moved back to Jonesborough, where we arrived on the 3rd, and marched on the 4th and 5th to Courtland, and arrived at Decatur on the 7th; crossed the Tennessee River on the pontoon bridge and got on the cars on the 8th; arrived in Stevenson about midnight, after having a skirmish with some guerrillas, who had placed obstructions on the track and demanded the surrender of the train. On the 9th the regiment proceeded by rail to Nashville, where it remained until the 20th, on which day it marched for this point and arrived here on the 21st of January, 1865.

Casualties: It is my painful duty to record the death of Captain Robert Headen and Lieutenant Dennis Dease, also the murder of Lieutenant D. G. Cooke by men of Forrest's command. Commissioned officers killed, 3; wounded, 3. Enlisted men killed, 10; wounded, 99.

The severity of the weather, want of transportation, tents, and blankets, the passage of numerous streams, and the hardships incident to a winter campaign, have had a serious effect on the men of the regiment. Many of the men have been left at various points along the route through sickness.

The conduct of the officers has been so good that I feel it would be injustice to mention one and not remain all. Among the enlisted men I must mention Corpl. Miner Carter, Company C, who took up the national colors after two of the color-bearers had been shot down; also, Private E. Steel, Company I, who took the regimental colors, and, after the regiment was falling back, remained alone in the open field, in spite of the murderous fire of the enemy, until called by his officers to return.

Losses in battle, sickness, severe exposure, have lessened our number materially, but a little rest and our regiment will soon have its ranks filled up again with tried soldiers on the field of battle.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY HEGNER,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant T. L. SEXTON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigade U. S. Colored Infantry.

