
No. 193. Report of Colonel John A. Hottenstein, Thirteenth U. S. Colored Troops, of operations November 30, 1864-January 15, 1865.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH U. S. COLORED INFANTRY,Waverly, Tenn., February 19, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to report the operations of the Thirteenth U. S. Colored Infantry during the recent campaign, commencing with the evacuation of the road and ending with its reoccupancy.

On the 30th of November the companies stationed at the block-house at sections 75 and 78 were drawn into this place, and in the 1st day of December I moved from here with the six companies thus assembled, and at 2 p.m. was joined by the remainder of the regiment, on the road to Nashville, at a place known as the Carmichael place. On the night of the 1st we camped at Williamsville, and on the morning of the 2nd joined the troops from Johnsonville, under command of the colonel commanding troops on Nashville Northwestern Railroad. The regiment then marched to Nashville (without anything of note transpiring on the march), arriving there on the evening of the 7th of December. During the time from the 7th to the 13th this regiment was occupied in throwing up rifle-pits along the line and preparing for a campaign. The men were reclothed and refitted in everything necessary for a long campaign. On the 13th regiment was ordered out with the rest of the brigade on a reconnaissance near Rains' house, and had a lively skirmish during the afternoon, retiring at dusk. In this skirmish the regiment lost 1 man killed and 4 wounded. On the night of the 14th I received orders to be ready to move at 5 o'clock the following morning. Soon after daylight on the morning of the 15th we moved with the brigade and occupied the works thrown up on the right of the Chattanooga railroad and near the Nolensville pike. During the 15th the regiment lay behind those breast-works, under a severe fire from a battery in our front, without sustaining any loss.

At daylight on the morning of the 16th the regiment was under arms ready to move, and about sunrise I received orders from the colonel commanding to move across the Nolensville pike and feel the enemy in our front. I advanced my skirmishers to a piece of woods in our front, but the enemy had retired. I then received orders to move over to the Nolensville pike, where the remainder of the brigade then was, and to form my regiment as a reserve, in rear of the other two regiments of the brigade, and to regulate my movements by them. The brigade then moved to the right and front, and after considerable maneuvering joined the right to the left of the Third Division, Fourth Corps, where the men were ordered to lie down. In this position we were shelled considerably, by the enemy without any material damage. At about 2.30 I received notice that we would assault the works in our front, and in a few minutes afterward the order to advance was given. The regiment advanced with the brigade in good order, but before we arrived near the rebel works the troops in our front began to lie down, and skulk to the rear, which, of course, was not calculated to give much courage to men who never before had undergone an ordeal by fire. The fire of the enemy was terrific, but nevertheless the men, led by their officers, continued to advance to the very muzzles of the enemy's guns, but its numbers were too small, and after a protracted struggle they had to fall back, not for the want of courage or discipline, but because it was impossible to drive the enemy from his works by a direct assault. Before falling back all the troops on our right had

