
No. 194. Reports of Bvt. Major General James H. Wilson, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, of operations October 24, 1864-February 1, 1865.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Near Columbia, Tenn., December 21, 1864.

GENERAL: In compliance with your request of to-day, I have the honor to submit for the information of the major-general commanding the following summary of the operations of the Cavalry Corps during the recent campaign:

On the retreat of our army from Pulaski the cavalry was concentrated at Columbia, November the 24th, comprising Hatch's division, about 2,000 men, Croxton's brigade, of the First Division, 1,300, and Capron's brigade, of the Sixth Division, of 1,500 men . The corps was immediately stationed on the north side of Duck River, between Columbia and the Lewisburg pike, for the purpose of watching the movements of the enemy. On the 28th of November, about noon, the pickets gave notice of the enemy's advance at various fords and in such force as to leave no doubt of his intention. Major-General Schofield was at once notified and orders issued for the concentration of the cavalry at Hurt's Cross-Roads, on the Lewisburg pike. Capron's brigade, stationed on that road at the crossing of the river, was surrounded and attacked on all sides, but, owing to the good management, bravery, and coolness of Major Young, commanding the Fifth Iowa Cavalry, it was extricated with but slight loss. On the 29th, closely pressed by the rebel cavalry, my command fell back slowly to Mount Carmel, when the rear was assigned to Coon's brigade, of Hatch's division. The enemy attacked boldly, but were handsomely repulsed; as was afterward learned, he turned thence toward Spring Hill, molesting us no more that day. At night, joined by Hammond's brigade, of the Seventh Division, the Cavalry Corps occupied a position on the north bank of Big Harpeth River, connecting with the infantry at Franklin and watching the river as far as Triune. On the morning of the 30th, Hammond's brigade was at Triune, Hatch's division at Matthews's house, and Croxton's brigade on the Lewisburg pike, at Douglass; Harrison's brigade (formerly Capron's), of the Sixth Division, was held in reserve. About 2 p.m. the rebel cavalry were reported crossing directly in our front, having pressed Croxton back to within two miles and a half of Franklin. He was ordered to withdraw his force entirely to the north side of the stream, and to attack the enemy in flank; Hatch was directed to attack in front; the orders were promptly executed, and by night the rebels were driven across river at every point. The conduct of the troops, and particularly of Generals Hatch and Croxton, was most admirable. The force of the enemy consisted of Jackson's and Buford's divisions cavalry. On the 30th the Cavalry Corps withdrew from its position, by the various country roads between the Franklin and Nolensville pikes, to Thompson's Chapel, near Nashville. When near Brentwood, General Hammond's brigade, in the rear, had a sharp skirmish with the enemy's advance, but succeeded in reaching its position in the line at the chapel without material difficulty.

Early in the morning of December the 1st [2nd] the cavalry withdrew from its exposed position on the Nolensville pike and marched through Nashville to camp, at Edgefield, on the north bank of the Cumberland River. During the ensuing ten days every effort was made to put it in an

