
efficient condition for active service. Horses were seized, arms, clothing, and equipments were issued, and the dismounted men organized into brigades. In obedience to orders from the major-general commanding, on the 12th of December, the corps marched to the south side of the rive,r crossing on the railroad and pontoon bridges, and massed between the Hardin and Charlotte pikes. The effective force was 12,500 men, 9,000 horses, 2,000 of which were scarcely fit for service. At 6 a. m. of the 15th of December, as had been previously ordered by Major-General Thomas, the corps was ready to move, but owing to the foggy weather and the delay of Smith's corps could not advance until about 10 a. m. The sixth division, Brigadier General R. W. Johnson commanding, formed and moved on the Charlotte pike, clearing it of the enemy as far as Davidson's house, driving a battery of artillery and a part of Chalmers' division of cavalry from their position on Richland Creek. It is reported that the navy got possession of a battery which this movement caused the enemy to abandon. Brigadier General E. M. McCook having been sent with two brigades of his division against the rebels under Lyon in Kentucky, the balance of the division, Brigadier-General Croxton's brigade, debouched from the fortifications near the Northwestern Railroad, and, forming on the left of the Sixth Division, between the Hardin and Charlotte pikes, advanced, as soon as its front was uncovered by McArthur's division of infantry, and crossing Richland Creek turned the enemy's position in front of Johnson's division, on the Charlotte pike. As soon as the enemy had withdrawn General Croxton moved to the left, crossed the Hardin pike, where, after night-fall, he came in contact again with the rebels, moving in a parallel direction, and, after some sharp skirmishing, dove them off. He encamped that night on the Hillsborough pike, five miles and a half from Nashville. The Fifth division, Brigadier General Edward Hatch commanding, formed on the Hardin pike, its left connecting with the infantry, its right with General Croxton, advanced simultaneously with the infantry, encountered a strong force of the enemy's cavalry-Chalmers' division-well entrenched on both sides of Richland Creek. After a sharp fight the enemy was driven from his works and pushed rapidly beyond Hardin's house, near which place a part of Hatch's command, the Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry, Colonel Spalding commanding, captured the headquarters train of General Chalmers, consisting of fourteen wagons with records, clothing, forage, and safe. In accordance with his instructions General Hatch then crossed the country from Williams' house toward the Hillsborough pike, re-established his connection with the infantry, and advancing his right flank struck the enemy's line of the flank and rear, completely enveloping it, drove it rapidly back upon the fortifications constructed upon the Brentwood Hills for its protection. Hastily forming his Second Brigade, dismounted, Colonel D. E. Coon commanding, he pushed boldly forward and carried the enemy's works, capturing in the first redoubt 4 guns and 65 prisoners, and in the second, a closed work, 6 guns and 175 prisoners. The First Brigade, Colonel R. R. Stewart, was thrown well round to the left and rear of the enemy, and handsomely supported the movement of the Second Brigade. This operation is one of the handsomest of the war, and although participated in by the infantry of McArthur's division, they yield the credit to the cavalry. As soon as his command could be formed General Hatch was ordered to push forward. His First Brigade and part of the Second on the right of the infantry, crossed the Hillsborough pike, and, in conjunction with a apart of the Twenty-third Corps, carried the hills beyond. They claim, also,

