
to have captured the three guns which fell into out hands at that point. Darkness having intervened by this time, he was ordered into camp near the Hillsborough pie, on the extreme right of the infantry. The Seventh Division, Brigadier General Joseph F. Knipe commanding, formed on the Hardin pike inside of the works, and, as soon as the general movement had developed itself, moved out in the pike and held itself in readiness to support the infantry or Hatch's division. When the pikes in my front were cleared of the enemy, Knipe's division moved by the rear to the right of Hatch's division, reaching the Hillsborough pike just after the works on it were carried, near the six-mile post, crossed and turned short to the left, and pushed by a country road to the Granny White pike. Hammond's brigade, mounted, was in advance, followed by the dismounted brigade. The latter proceeded no farther than the Hilsborough pike, occupied a strong position on it, and covered the other troops from a movement of the enemy in that direction. General Hammond's pickets were all night on or near the Granny White pike, and early on the morning of the 16th began skirmishing with the enemy. The county was very unfavorable for cavalry operations. General Hammond was ordered to support his pickets by the balance of his brigade. General Hatch was ordered to move also, take position on the right of the infantry, connect with Hammond, and, in conjunction with Hammond's brigade, drive the enemy from the hills and push them as vigorously as possible in flank and rear. This order was given about 9.30 a. m. The movement began at once, and was sustained with great steadiness throughout the balance of the day. Hatch's division and Hammond's brigade, of Knipe's division, soon succeed in establishing themselves firmly in the enemy's rear, on a line perpendicular to the Granny White pike and extending from the right of the Twenty-raid corps, a few hundred yards from the Hillsborough pike, across the Granny White pike and extending from the right of the Twenty-third Corps, a few hundred yards from the Hillsborough pike, across the Granny white pike toward the Franklin pike. The enemy was driven steadily back from hill to hill all along the line, but particularly in front of General Hatch's left. The positions occupied wee heavily wooded and very difficult of ascent, but Hatch, with great labor, carried his battery into a position enfilanding and taking in reverse the enemy's line. Coon's brigade charge a large hill in the enemy's rear as McArthur's division assaulted it in front. About 4.30 p. m. the enemy, pressed in front, flank, and rear, broke in disorder. Croxton's brigade, which has been held in reserve on the Hillsborough pike, as soon as the success of these dispositions had become apparent, was ordered to march rapidly across the country to the Granny White pike and beyond the right flank of Hammond's brigade, but owing to the lateness of the hour and heaviness of the road over which he was compelled to move he secured but few prisoners. Hatch was ordered to mount his division and pres rapidly down the Granny White pike for the purpose of striking the enemy again at or beyond Brentwood. He had not proceeded far before he encountered Chalmers' division of cavalry, and, although it was then almost dark, attacked it with the greatest promptitude and vigor, driving it from a strong position behind rail breast-works. Brigadier-General Rucker, commanding a brigade, a number of prisoner, and the division battle-fla were captured. The night was so dark and wet, and the men and horses so jaded, that it was not deemed practicable to push the pursuit farther.

On the 17th, at 5 a. m., General Knipe, with Hammond's brigade, followed by General Croxton's brigade, moved by a county road up Richland Creek to the Franklin pike, Croxton taking the Wilson pike at Brentwood. Hammond, pushing on in vigorous pursuit, came up

