
to a stand, though they had prepared for it at Spring Hill. The pursuit was pushed to within three miles of Rutherford's Creek, but the rain, need of rations and ammunition, compelled a halt for the trains to come forward. 19th, the pursuit was pushed to Rutherford's Creek, but it was found too high to ford-the enemy between that and Duck River; Hatch got two regiments across on the ruins of the railroad bridge, and after some skirmishing night came on, he withdrew to north side. Weather very inclement. 20th, Hammond, Croxton, and Harrison remained in camp drawing supplies; Johnson and Knipe went back with dismounted brigades to refit; Hatch crossed on lower railroad bridge; enemy gone. Hammond, Harrison, and Croxton moved to camp on Rutherford's Creek.

Summary: Captured by Hatch's division-2 redoubts, 17 guns, 2 battle-flags, 2 droves of beef-cattle, 35 wagons (including the headquarters train of Chalmers' division), 1 brigadier-general, 701 prisoners; Knipe's division-5 battle-flags, 350 prisoners, 1 piece artillery, 2 caissons; Johnson's division-56 prisoners; Croxton's brigade-184 prisoners; Fourth U. S. Cavalry-1 guns, 25 prisoners. In addition to this Johnson's and Knipe's divisions should be credited with the wounded taken in hospitals at Franklin.

In concluding this report permit me to say that, if the operations just described have been of any avail in the recent campaign, it is due entirely to the concentration of the cavalry and its reorganization as a separate corps. I have, therefore, to request that the credit awarded it may be used to secure from the War Department the recognition of its separate existence as a corps, and an official approval of the measures already existence as a corps, and an official approval of the measures already inaugurated for its efficiency. With an opportunity to complete its organization, a full supply of Spencer carbines for the entire command, and we can take the field next spring with a force of cavalry fully competent to perform any work that may be assigned it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

[Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Cumberland.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Gravelly Springs, Ala., February 1, 1865.

I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of the Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, from the date of its organization, October 24, 1864, to the present time:

Having been relieved from the command of the Third Division, Cavalry Corps, Army of the Potomac, on the 1st day of October, 1864, for the purpose of taking command of the cavalry forces in the armies operating under the command of Major-General Sherman, I proceeded, without delay, to join him in the field. I arrived at Gaylesville, Ala., where the army was resting after it pursuit of General Hood, on the 23rd of October. On the 24th of October I was assigned, by order of General Sherman, to duty as chief of cavalry and commanding officer of all the cavalry in the Military Division of the Mississippi. By the same order the mounted forces of the Armies of the Ohio, the Cumberland, and the Tennessee were detached from these armies, constituted one command, and designated the Cavalry Corps, Military Division of

