
Atlanta, and hurried his preparations for the campaign. Finding that he could wait no longer all the serviceable horses of McCook's and Garrard's divisions, and Colonel Garrard's brigade, were turned over to the Third Division, and every effort was made to put it upon a thoroughly efficient footing, while the dismounted men of the First and Second Divisions were ordered, by rail, to Louisville, Ky., for remount and re-equipment. Having made these dispositions I was ordered by General Sherman to Nashville for the purpose of completing the cavalry reorganization and assisting in the operations of General Thomas against the rebels under Hood. I arrived at Nashville on the 6th day of November and reported to Major-General Thomas, commanding Department of the Cumberland and the Military Division of the Mississippi.

General Croxton's brigade, of the First Division, having been recently remounted at Louisville, Colonel Capron's (now Harrison's) brigade, of the Sixth Division, and the Fifth Division, while on the march to join General Sherman, were halted by General Thomas and directed to act in conjunction with the infantry forces assembling at Pulaski, under General Stanley, to resist the march of Hood. On the 24th October Croxton's brigade, about 1,000 strong, was stationed on the Hunstville and Florence road, at Center Star, with outposts and pickets, watching the Tennessee River from the mouth of Elk River to Florence, and a detachment of the Tenth and Twelfth Tennessee, of General Hatch's division, wee stationed on Cypress Creek, at Martin's Mills, three miles from Florence, watching Pride's Garner's, and Cheatham's Ferries, on the Tennessee River. On the 29th of October General Croxton sent a dispatch to General Thomas informing him of General Hood's proximity to the river and of his intention to cross it at Bainbridge that night. About 3 p. m. on the 30th two brigades of Lee's corps landed on the north side about three miles below Bainbridge. General Croxton concentrated his command and attempted to repel them, but was driven back. He retired to the east bank of Shoal Creek and took position near Shoal Creek bridge, where he remained reconnoitering until November 5, when he was forced to retire by the advance of Johnson's division, of Lee's corps. He reported to General Hatch at Lexington on November 6.

On the 4th of November General Hatch, in compliance with the instructions of General Stanley, moved from Pulaski toward Florence, with orders to assume command of all the cavalry in that neighborhood and watch closely the enemy's movements. In executing these orders General Hatch, the next day, opened communication with General Croxton, and, in conjunction with him, drove the enemy's cavalry pickets across Shoal Creek, and established pickets of observation along the line of that creek and the Tennessee from the mouth of Elk River. While engaged in observing the movements of the enemy frequent skirmishes were had with his cavalry. On the 9th of November a general attack was made by the small force under General Hatch. The rebel cavalry was driven back upon the infantry at Florence, a part of the unfinished works at that place captured by Colonel Coon's brigade of the Fifth Division, and the information in regard to Hood's position previously obtained verified. By great activity, watchfulness, and good judgment on the part of General Hatch, every movement of the enemy and indication of his intention were promptly reported to Generals Stanley, Schofield, and Thomas. On the 13th and 14th of November General Hatch, having become convened that General Hood would march north at an early day, used his command in cutting trees into the roads crossing Shoal Creek, for the purpose of retarding the rebels in their

