
movement. On the morning of November 19 the enemy was reported marching north on the west side of the creek. Colonel Coon's brigade made a forced reconnaissance in that direction, captured the headquarters trains of Buford's and Chalmers' divisions, met the enemy's cavalry in force, and, after a severe engagement, discovering the march of the rebel infantry, was compelled to rejoin the main force, on the east side of the creek. General Hatch concentrated his forces, without delay, at Lexington, and on the 21st retired to Lawrenceburg, where he was attacked early the next morning by the enemy's cavalry. A severe fight ensued, in which the enemy, with twelve pieces of artillery and a large force of General Hatch from their position, but the latter held on with great tenacity till night and then withdrew one mile toward Pulaski.

On the 23rd General Hatch withdrew by that road, turning toward Cambellsville. When within nine miles of Pulaski Croxton's brigade had the rear and were attacked by the rebel cavalry at the junction of the roads leading to the two places just mentioned. It, however, resisted every attack till after dark, holding its position and retreating at leisure by night to the neighborhood of Campbellsville. On the 24th the cavalry again resumed its march, and at the latter place was again attacked by the entire rebel cavalry, supported by infantry. At first the enemy were severely repulsed by the First Brigade, Colonel Wells, Twelfth Missouri cavalry, commanding, but in turn the enemy drove back Colonel Wells and compelled General Hatch to retire by the road to Lynnville. This road leading through a very hilly country, a small rear guard was sufficient to hold the enemy in check. The Ninth Illinois Cavalry, Captain Harper commanding, was directed to occupy a strong gorge near the turnpike and to delay the rebels as long as possible. He performed the duty assigned him with great gallantry, giving the main body of the command an opportunity to take position at Lynnville. Sharp fighting was continued at that place until after dark, when, in accordance with my order, General Hatch, withdrew to Columbia. Colonel Capron's brigade, of the Sixth Division, had been sent by General Schofield toward Waynesborough to observe the movements of the enemy in that direction, while Hatch and Croxton were on Shoal Creek. Upon the advance of the rebel cavalry, Colonel Capron retired, skirmishing with the enemy, directing his march toward Mount Pleasant and Columbia. On the morning of November 25 the entire force, including the infantry, was concentrated at Columbia.

Having made all possible arrangements at Nashville for expediting the reorganization of the cavalry, in pursuance of General Thomas' instructions, I started to the front to take command of the force in the field, and on the 23rd of November met General Schofield between Lynnville and Pulaski. The Fifth Division contained at this time but 2,500 men, Croxton's brigade, about 1,000, and Capron's, 800, in all about 4,300 men, to contend with three divisions estimated at not less than 10,000 men, and commanded by General Forrest, hitherto the most successful of rebel cavalry leaders. After the concentration of the forces at Columbia, and while General Schofield was making arrangements to withdraw from that place to the north side of Duck River, the cavalry crossed and was disposed of so as to watch every movement of the enemy, either to the right or left. Hatch's division and Croxton's brigade were stationed about six miles east of Columbia on the road to Shelbyville; Capron's brigade, to which had been added the Fifth Iowa Cavalry, Colonel J. M. Young commanding, took position

