
at Rally Hill, on the Lewisburg turnpike; it was further strengthened after taking position by the arrival of the Seventh Ohio Cavalry, from Louisville. This brigade and Croxton's were temporarily formed into a division, under the command of Brigadier General R. W. Johnson. Three regiments of the First Brigade of Hatch's division, Colonel R. R. Stewart, Eleventh Indiana Cavalry, commanding, were ordered to take post to the west of Columbia, for the purpose of watching the fords and crossing of the river between that place and Williamsport. General Hatch sent the Sixth Illinois Cavalry, via Chapel Hill, to Shelbyville, with directions to feel well out from that place toward Lewisburg and Cornesville, if possible, returning by the south side of the river to the crossing of the Lewisburg pike.

At noon of November 27 [28] the pickets of Croxton's and Capron's brigades gave notice of the appearance of the rebel cavalry at the various fords between Columbia and the Lewisburg pike, particularly at Huey's Mill, eight miles above Columbia, in such force as to leave no doubt as to their intentions. The pickets in the vicinity of Huey's Mill were soon driven in and the rebels immediately began crossing. At 2 p. m. I sent a dispatch to Major-General Schofield, notifying him of the enemy's movement, informing him that I should endeavor to concentrate my force at Hurt's Cross-Roads, on the Lewisburg pike, and requesting him to send Stewart's brigade to me by the way of Spring Hill. Colonel T. J. Harrison, Eighth Indiana Cavalry, had already been sent by General Johnson to the brigade at the Lewisburg crossing, with orders to hold the enemy as long as possible at the river. By 7 p. m. the entire force was concentrated at Hurt's Cross-Roads. Colonel harrison, however, had not reached his brigade, but having been posted by Colonel Capron, it feld on as long as possible. Colonel Capron himself, with a small portion of his command, fell back in disorder toward Franklin. The detachments at the various fords held on bravely until night, when they were collected by Major J. Morris Young, Fifth Iowa Cavalry, and withdrew by the pike. The enemy, having crossed lower down, marched by the Murfreesborough road and arrived at Rally Hill before the detachments under Major Young. The latter, finding his retreat cut off, formed his own regiment with sabers drawn, dismounted others to cover the flanks, boldly charged, broke through the rebels, and brought off his command with only trifling loss. By this time it had become evident that the entire rebel cavalry force, three divisions, had crossed and were directing their march toward the Lewisburg pike, an excellent macadamized road leading to Franklin, and at 8 p. m. I sent a dispatch by courier to General Schofield, informing him of this fact and that no part of Forrest's force up dark had moved toward the Franklin pike. During the night several prisoners were brought in, from whom I received valuable information. At 1 a. m. [29th[I sent a dispatch to General Schofield informing him that the force which had crossed at Huey's Mill was Forrest's corps of cavalry, consisting of Chalmers', Jackson's, and Buford's divisions, and Biffle's regiment; that the rebel infantry were to have begun crossing two hours before by three pontoon bridges under construction at the same place. Believing this information to be perfectly correct, I therefore suggested that our infantry should reach Spring Hill by 10 a. m. of that day [29th]. I regarded my force too small, with Hammond's and Stewart's brigades absent, to cover the Lewisburg pike and at the same time the dirt roads leading to Spring Hill, and believing that General Schofield, with the infantry, would have plenty of time, marching by the Franklin pike, to reach Franklin or any intermediate point before the

