
the general assured me he would march the division on my right to the left by roads to the rear of my command, inside of the entrenchments. The commanding officers of brigades and divisions, having personally examined the ground upon which they were to operate, wee assembled at my headquarters and received their instructions verbally. To prevent any misunderstanding they were furnished with written orders to the following effect, on the night of the 14th of November [December]: The Fifth Division, Brigadier-General Hatch commanding, was directed to debouch from the fortifications at or near the Hardin pike, and move with its right flank on or near the pike, its left flank connected with the infantry of Major General A. J. Smith to clear it own front, and as soon as Smith should carry the rebel advanced position to swing to the left, envelop and take in reverse the enemy's left flank. Croxton's brigade, of the First Division, was ordered to debouch near the Hardin pike by a dirt road between that and the Charlotte pike, to move with its left flank connecting with Hatch's division and its right following the line of the ridge between the Charlotte and Hardin pikes; after clearing Hardin pike of the enemy and crossing Richland Creek, General Croxton was directed to conform to the movements on his left. The Sixth Division, one brigade mounted, the other having no horses, Brigadier General R. W. Johnson commanding, was ordered to move by the Charlotte pike, clear that road of the enemy, keeping connection with Croxton by skirmishers or patrols, and to push as far as Davidson's house, eight miles from the city, so as to cover the movement of the balance of the corps from the enemy's cavalry; General Johnson was specially charged with looking out for the guns at Bell's landing and the force with them. Brigadier General Joseph F. Knipe, commanding the Seventh Division, one brigade mounted, the other dismounted, was directed to debouch on the Hardin pike after the movement had begun and hold himself in readiness to move in my direction. Brigade and division commanders were informed that the operations of the Cavalry Corps wee designed to clear the enemy from its immediate front, cover the right of the infantry, envelop the enemy's left flank, attack him in the rear, and, if possible, force its way to the Franklin pike at or near Brentwood. The country being plowed fields or heavily timbered hills, very abrupt and difficult, they were directed to leave all wheels except those of the artillery behind.

The whole command was under arms ready to move by 6 a. m. December 15, but owing to a dense fog the attack was delayed. By 8.30 a. m. it had cleared away, but McArthur's division, not having been directed to march, as General Smith had promised, moved across the front of my command, thereby delaying the general advance till about 10 a. m. Had the enemy been specially alert this delay might have been very determental to the plan of attack. As soon, however, as the infantry on Hatch's left began moving he advanced, with his left touching the Hardin pike and his right extending toward the Charlotte pike. The position which the infantry held being farther to the right than was originally intended compelled a corresponding change on the part of the cavalry. Simultaneously with the advance of the infantry the cavalry forces moved as directed. Hatch's division was still further delayed after beginning its advance by McArthur's infantry, but finally, having a clear road, advanced rapidly with a strong line of skirmishers. The enemy, Ector's brigade of infantry, were found posted beyond Richland Creek, on commanding ground, well entrenched, but by a gallant charge by Stewart's brigade were driven rapidly beyond Hardin's house, with the loss of some prisoners and

