
entrenching tools. When near the latter place the Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry, Colonel Spalding commanding, charged the enemy, captured 43 prisoners, the headquarters train of General Chalmers, 14 wagons, containing baggage, papers, and records. Having cleared his front General Hatch marched rapidly by the left flank with his First Brigade to join the Second Brigade, which, wheeling with the infantry, found itself on the flank of a four-gun battery posted in a redoubt covering the enemy's left. Having posted his battery (I, First Illinois forward Artillery) so as to enfilade the enemy, General Hatch pushed forward Colonel Coon's brigade, dismounted, charged the rebel infantry supports, broken them, and captured the redoubt, with its guns. Lieutenant Buff, of the Second Iowa Cavalry, was the first man in the redoubt, closely followed by Lieutenant Colvin, acting assistant adjutant-general of the division. In this attack a portion of the infantry skirmish line gave assistance. In this attack a portion of the infantry skirmish line gave assistance. The captured guns were turned upon the enemy, occupying a higher hill, strongly entrenched, still farther on. Hastily forming, the Second Brigade pushed boldly forward, the First Brigade following the movement still farther to the right. The enemy's new position was very strong. The left of their line occupied a hill still higher than the one already carried, and with steep sides. On the top of it they had constructed an irregular inclosed work of rails and earth, in which a four-gun field battery was placed. To men less brave and determined than the dismounted horsemen of Hatch's division it would have seemed like madness to attack such a position. I have seen column of infantry hesitate to attack positions not half so strong, but Coon's brigade, armed with the Spencer carbine and in a strong line of skirmishers, at the command of General Hatch, advanced at the charge. In spite of the steep acclivity and withering fire of artillery and musketry from the rebel parapet, the redoubt was carried, with the battery of 4 guns and 250 prisoners. While the Second Brigade was collecting and forming its scattered ranks General Hatch, with the First Brigade, crossed the Hillsborough pike and again attacked the enemy on another range of hills, drove them from it, and took possession of a battery of four guns in the valley beyond. It was now to the roughness of the country, were very much fatigued. General Hatch was ordered to bring up his horses, collect his men, and bivouac on the Hillsborough pike. The Twenty-third Corps, Major-General Schofield commanding, had moved to the right of Smith's corps and carried the hills in its front just before dark. General Hatch was directed to connect with Schofield's right and cover it from the enemy. As soon as Hatch had broken through the enemy on the Hardin pike Knipe was directed to move out and pass to Hatch's right, conform to his movements and push in upon the enemy's rear. The First Brigade, Brevet Brigadier-General Hammond commanding, advanced to the Hilsborough pike, striking it near the six-mile post, and three-quarters of a mile farther on turned up a branch of Richland Creek, and reached the Granny White pike just at dark. The dismounted brigade took position on the Hilsborough pike, covering Hatch and Hammond from an advance of the rebel cavalry on that road. Croxton's brigade and Johnston's division, having been delayed, like Hatch, by MaArthur's infantry, moved promptly forward at the word and found the enemy posted beyond Richland Creek. The rebel cavalry, with four guns well posted, seemed determined to hold their ground, but strongly attacked by Harrison's brigade, of Johnson's division, in front, while Croxton pressed on their right, they were forced to give

