
way. Croxton, after following for several miles, turned to the left and crossed the Hardin pike, and marched through the country, skirmishing with Chalmers, moving in the same direction, and finally, after dark, bivouacked near the six-miles post, on the Hillsborough pike. Johnston continued his advance along the Charlotte pike, and came up with the rebels, strongly posted, beyond a small creek emptying into the Cumberland near Bell's Landing; after some sharp skirmishing General Johnson made dispositions to attack the rebel right in conjunction with Croxton, hoping thereby to drive them from the road and separate them from the main rebel army. The gun-boats dropped down and opened on their flank, while Lieutenant Smith, with Battery I, Fourth U. S. Artillery, opened upon them in front. General Croxton having, by my order, turned toward the left General Johnson did not think himself strong enough to risk an attack upon the rebel position. Night coming on the bivouacked in their front, intending to attack before daylight the next morning. This plan was frustrated by the withdrawal of the rebels after night. The first day's operations having resulted in driving back, the enemy's entire left wing four miles, with our cavalry on the left flank and rear of the enemy, orders were issued for the continuance of operations the next day.
Early on the morning of the 16th Hammond's pickets on the Granny

White pike were attacked and driven in, but ordering him to strengthen them with his entire brigade, if necessary, he in turn drove the enemy back. At the same time I directed General Hatch to move on the enemy's rear, passing to Hammond's left. The country, very hilly and densely covered with timber, was entirely impracticable for mounted men; the whole force was therefore dismounted and push forward. Croxton moved to the front, ready to support either Hammond or Hatch, and orders were sent to Johnson to march across the country to the Hillsborough pike. By noon the skirmisher of Hatch and Hammond had formed a continuous line, stretching from the right of Schofield's corps across the Granny white pike. This line was parallel to that of the enemy and facing in the direction of Nashville. The men of the Fifth and Seventh Divisions, urged forward by their gallant officers, steadily pressed the enemy back at every point, skirmishing heavily. Having informed Generals Thomas and Schofield of he position occupied by my command and what it was doing, the infantry was ordered forward on the right, and as they charged the front of the rebel works, Coon's brigade, of Hatch's division, attacked the min the rear. Pressed in front, flank, and, rear, about 4 p. m. the enemy broke an fled in confusion from the field. Croxton was hurried from the Hillsborough pike toward Brentwood, but could not reach the flying army before dark. Hatch and Knipe were ordered to mount their commands and pursue with all possible rapidity. As on the day before, from the difficult character of the ground and the distance traveled dismounted, considerable time was unavoidably lost before the horses could be led to the men. Hatch was directed to push down the Granny White pike, and, if possible, reach the Franklin pike that night. He had not, however, gone more than a mile hen his advance encountered the enemy's cavalry, Chalmers' division, strongly posted across the road behind a barricade of rails. A portion of the command were hastily dismounted and deployed on both sides of the road. While the skirmishers were advancing the Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry, led by Colonel Spalding, charged the enemy, broke his lines, scattered them in all directions, and captured Brigadier-General Rucker, then in command of the division. Night having closed in the

