
The reports of the provost-marshal show that during these operations the cavalry captured from enemy 32 guns, 11 caissons, 12 colors, 3,232 prisoners (including 1 general officer), and compelled them to abandon or destroy over 100 wagons, 8 ambulances, and 1,348.

Detachments of the Sixth and Seventh Divisions accompanied the movements of Major-General Steedman south of the Tennessee, and burned the rebel pontoon and a large supply train; in all, 80 pontoons, 125 wagons.

Our losses were: 1 gun; 122 offices and men killed, 521 wounded, and 259 missing.

For the details of these operations and acts of special gallantry, I respectfully refer to the reports of Generals McCook, Hatch, Hammond, Johnson, and Croxton, which I submit herewith. Reports of other commanders will be sent forward as soon as obtained. The operations of the Third Division, extending from Atlanta to Savannah, are fully detailed in the reports of General Kilpatrick and his subordinate officers, transmitted herewith.*

General Kilpatrick and his gallant command are specially worthy of praise for the admirable manner in which they co-operate with the movements of the infantry in their long and tiresome march, as well as for the confidence and bravery with which they attacked and defeated at various times the superior numbers of the rebel cavalry under General Wheeler.

The officers of my staff have performed their duties most efficiently throughout the entire campaign, but I am particularly indebted to Lieutenant Colonel A. J. Alexander, assistant adjutant-general, Seventeenth Corps, chief of staff; Major E. B. Beaumont, assistant adjutant-general; commissary. These officers have fully earned the promotion for which they have already been recommended to the War Department.

It is with great pleasure I mention the services of Major William P. Chambliss and Captain John Green, U. S. Army, special inspector of cavalry. In furnishing remounts, arms, and preparing troops for the field, they have done more than all other persons toward promoting the efficiency of the cavalry service in this military division.

Before closing this report it may not be improper to say that throughout the entire campaign the bravery and steadiness of the cavalry troops, new and old, were most conspicuous. Nothing could have been more admirable than their conduct on the Harpeth, in the two days' battle at Nashville, in the affair on the West Harpeth, or in the pursuit which followed. I know of no battles in the war where the influence of cavalry was more potent, nor of any pursuit sustained so long and well.

The results of campaign, added to those following the same policy in the Army of the Potomac, clearly demonstrate the wisdom of massing the cavalry of an army, and it is to be hoped will obtain from the War Department a recognition of the corps already organized.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Cumberland.

---------------

*See Vol. XLIV.

---------------

