
to a ford near the mouth of the stream, where they crossed and forced us to retire. These brigades recrossed during the night, and my outposts reoccupied the line of the creek.

On the 6th General Hatch arrived at Lexington with his division, and I reported to him. We remained in statu quo until the 20th, when the rebels began to move, and we accordingly by way of Lexington and Lawrenceburg until we joined the army at Columbia, on the 25th, where, by order of the general commanding the corps, I reported to Brigadier-General Johnson, under whose command I remainder until we reached Edgefield.

On the morning of the 30th of November, when at Matthews' house, on the Franklin and Murfreesborough road, I was ordered to cross Harpeth and move to Douglass Church, on the Lewisburg pike, and if pressed by the enemy to recross the river at McGavock's Ford, one miles and a half from Franklin. About 10 o'clock the rebel advance attacked us, and skirmishing continued until about 2 o'clock, when their cavalry made a dash, and, being repulsed, moved up the river toward Hughes's Ford, while their infantry took their place. I at once crossed my command, except the Second Michigan Cavalry, which was left to contest the advance of the rebel infantry, which it did very effectually, holding their position until nearly sundown, when, being forced to retire by overwhelming numbers, they recrossed the rive just as the rebel cavalry that had crossed at Hughes' Mills made their appearance. I had just formed to meet them when Colonel Dorr reported the rebel infantry crossing between my position and Franklin, and, knowing the danger to the army from such a move, if successful, I left the First Tennessee and Second Michigan in position to resist the advance of the cavalry, and hurried with the Eighth Iowa and Fourth Kentucky Mounted Infantry to meet the infantry, and if possible drive them back. I discovered, however, the report to be unfounded, and at once moved forward the Second Michigan and First Tennessee, while General Hatch moved on my left, and the whole of the rebel cavalry were driven back across the Harpeth.

On the morning of the 16th [15th] of December my command as ordered was in line of battle outside the entrenchments at Nashville and on the right of General Hatch, easy to move. When General Hatch moved, however, two brigades of infantry, said to belong to McArthur's division, were moving by the left flank across my front, and as soon as they were out of the way I moved forward, but found a rebel battery on the Charlotte pike which I could not pass, and as the troops on my right did not move up I wheeled the Second Michigan Cavalry to the right, and, supporting it with the Eighth Iowa, moved directly for the hills on which the rebels were posted, and from which they were driven at the first dash. I intended at once to mount and join General Hatch, but Colonel Alexander arriving directed me to remain, supporting General Johnson, which I did until sundown, when I proceeded, by order of the general commanding, to rejoin the corps on the Hillsborough pike. The rebels had already left General Johnson's front, and moving in the same direction as my brigade we encountered them on the Hardin pike, and I accordingly left the Fourth Kentucky Mounted Infantry at Williams' house to cover that road.

On the 17th [16th] my brigade was in reserve until nearly dark, when it was thrown across the Granny White pike, on the right of Knipe's division, but too late to accomplish its object. On the 18th [17th] we crossed the pike, passed around Brentwood, down the Wilson pike to

