
Matthews's house, swimming the Harpeth at McGavorck's Ford, encamping at Douglas Church, encountering only small parties of the enemy, and capturing near 130 prisoners.

Nothing of interest occurred until the 24th, when my brigade had the advance from Columbia on the Pulaski pike. We skirmished most of the day, and late in the evening drove the enemy across Richland Creek, capturing a few prisoners and a battle-flag. The Eighth Iowa Cavalry, Colonel Dorr commanding, had been sent by me to cover my right flank, and was directed to keep up communication with the First Tennessee, which formed the right of my line. Although I sent several times for it I was not able to get sight of it during the day, and at night it encamped several miles in rear of the brigade. Had it been up (and I know no good reason why it was not, as the firing indicated clearly the position of the brigade), we would, without doubt, have captured the enemy's artillery and many prisoners. After that day the brigade was not engaged.

On the 29th we were ordered from Bull's Mills to this place with instructions to destroy Bear Creek bridge if practicable. As the transports had been lying in the river for four days (pounding clearly to the expectation of troops), and, as Hood's army reached Cherokee Station the night we reached Waterloo, I decided it was not possible to burn the bridge, and afterward, when it became possible, I determined it was not advisable. I sent Captain Johnston, second Michigan Cavalry, and acting assistant inspector-general of my staff, with fifty men, over, on the night of the 6th, instant, who captured and brought over an officer and 16 men of the Fourth Alabama Cavalry.

I send herewith a list of casualties in my command since September 1.* A report of prisoners captured has already been made the provost-marshal.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN T. CROXTON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Major BEAUMONT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,Near Richmond Creek, December 25, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel A. J. ALEXANDER,

Chief of Staff, Cavalry Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to forward herewith a rebel battle-flag captured from Chalmers' division yesterday evening. The captured was made by Corpl. Harrison Collins, Company A, First Tennessee Cavalry. The corporal ssw the rebel standard bearer, under the direction of a rebel major, trying to rally his men. He determined to have the flag; led a charched, killed the major, routed his men, and secured the flag.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN T. CROXTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Omitted; shows 1 officers and 35 men killed, 8 officers and 107 men wounded, and 6 men missing.

---------------

