
Numbers 196. Report of Brigadier General Edward Hatch, U. S. Army, commanding Fifth Division, of operations October 29-December 27, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,Athens, Ala., January 6, 1865.

In compliance with orders from Major General O. O. Howard, my command, then known as the First Division, Cavalry Corps, West Tennessee, left Clifton, Tenn., on the morning of the 29th of October to join his command in the field at Rome, Ga. Reached Pulaski on the morning of November 1, 1864, when I was ordered by Major-General Thomas to halt and report to Major-General Stanley, at Pulaski. Reported to Major-General Stanley on the morning of November 2. Was ordered by him to proceed toward Florence, and then take command of all the cavalry in that neighborhood and obtain information of the enemy's movements; to move from Pulaski on the 4th of November. Marched by the way of Lexington, opening communication with Brigadier-General Croxton, and on the 5th of November, 3 p. m., struck the enemy cavalry thirteen miles from Florence, on the military road. After considerable skirmishing drove the enemy across Shoal Creek to a point nine miles from Florence. On the 6th of November established my lines in front of Florence, making Shoal Creek the line, Brigadier-General Croxton holding the left and fifteen miles of the Tennessee River.

On the 9th of November attacked enemy at all points, driving in his pickets, and in Colonel Coon's front, who commanded the Second Brigade Cavalry, drove the enemy's infantry out of rifle-pits, capturing the heights on the south of Shoal Creek, developing the fact the enemy had one corps on the north side of the rive, with one division of cavalry. Until the 13th daily attacking the enemy's pickets, developing the fact that his force was increasing on the north side of the Tennessee River, and that Hood was undoubtedly advancing his entire army to the north side.

On the 13th and 14th, having ascertained undoubtedly Hood would move with his army north, chopped in all the gorges leading to the crossing of Shoal Creek with timber, and outerwise obstructing the roads. Skirmishing daily until the 19th of November, when I learned Forrest was moving up the west side of the Shoal Creek. Moved nearly my entire command by the right flank. Colonel Coon, commanding the Second Brigade of Cavalry, met Forrest's command after crossing the creek to the west side, and after a severe fight was obliged that night to recross the creek, the day's fight resulting in the capture of a few prisoners from the enemy and the headquarters trains of Chalmers' and Buford's divisions. This also developed the fact that Hood's entire army was moving north, the heads of his infantry corps making their appearance before Colonel Coon's brigade was withdrawn. On the morning of the 20th of November concentrated my forces on Lexington, and on the 21st marched to Lawrenceburg. At daylight of the 22nd the enemy attacked my pickets. We held the tow all day, repulsing all charges of the enemy's dismounted cavalry, and from 3 p. m. until dark under a fire of twelve pieces of artillery. The enemy, gradually turning my right flank fell back that night one mile on the Pulaski road. On the morning of the 23rd fell back on the Pulaski pike nine miles, where Croxton's brigade, which had been in reserve the day before, became engaged with the enemy in force and gallantry held them until 8 o'clock that night, and then joined the command on the Campbellsville road.

