
On the morning of the 24th of November marched five miles to Campbellsville, where we became engaged with Jackson's, Buford's, and Chalmers' division of cavalry. After much severe fighting the enemy's infantry making its appearance forced me to move by the left flank toward Lynnville. In the first part of the engagement the First Brigade, composed of the Third Illinois, Twelfth Missouri, and Seventh Illinois Cavalry, whipped Buford's division, turning his left and driving the division two miles in confusion onto infantry supports. In falling back on Lynnville the Ninth Illinois Cavalry was left to hold the gorge in the hills. The regiment was commanded by Captain Harper, of same regiment, who repeatedly repulsed the enemy. The last charge was met-when the regiment was out of ammunition-with the butts of his carbines, and the enemy repulsed, though the company in the center, of twenty-five men, had 14 men killed while fighting in line. This gave me time to throw my command in position at Lynnville, at 4 p. m., where the enemy's attacks were in every instance repulsed, and he ceased to attack at 8 o'clock in the evening, when I moved up, in compliance with orders from Major-General Wilson, to Columbia.

In reorganizing the cavalry command I received the addition of three regiments, and was known as the Fifth Division, Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi.

On the 28th the enemy attacked my camp near Columbia, were repulsed, when I was ordered by Major-General Wilson to move to the Lewisburg Pike. On the 29th, when falling back toward Franklin, was ordered to relieve Croxton's brigade, then fighting in the rear; was thrown into position at Mount Carmel, where the enemy made tow charges and were repulsed with a heavy loss and gave up the attack, when I was ordered by Major-General Wilson to fall back toward Franklin, which was done under considerable light skirmishing in the rear. Crossed Harpeth River that night.

At 3 p. m. on the 30th of November, Jackson's and Buford's divisions appearing in my front, I was ordered by Major-General Wilson to carry the hills in my front, and push the enemy back. My command at this time consisted of Colonel Coon's brigade, the Third Illinois Cavalry, and three companies of the Eleventh Indiana Cavalry. The hills were very abrupt, and the enemy had possession of all but one, and were then well round on my left flank. The men of my command dismounted, the line moved forward to the foot of the hills, when the order was given to charge, the men going over them in great spirit. Giving the command a moment to breathe, we again charged, when the enemy broke in confusion, and 7 o'clock in the evening we had driven them over Harpeth River, from two to three miles distant from our first line of battle. On the same day the Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry, of my command, had a severe skirmish near Spring Hill. They joined the command that night in time to participate in the battle at Franklin.

December 1, marched toward Nashville, Colonel Stewart's brigade having severe fighting in the rear, near Brentwood. On the 2nd of December reached Nashville; camped on the north side of the river.

On 12th of December crossed the Cumberland and moved out on the Charlotte pike. On the 15th was ordered by Major-General Wilson to move out to the attack dismounted, with the exception of one regiment in each brigade mounted, my left to rest on the right of Major General A. J. Smith's corps and to conform to the movements of the infantry. As the line moved forward I discovered a line of rifle-pits and barri-

