
cades, when the First Brigade, Colonel Stewart, was ordered to charge, which he did gallantly, carrying the rifle-pits and driving the enemy down the Hardin road, when Colonel Spalding, Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry, was ordered to charge mounted, driving the enemy in confusion, capturing a wagon train and forty-three prisoners. The Second Brigade had then changed its front, wheeling as the infantry swung to the left, while I was obliged to advance Stewart's brigade, with same front I moved out with, to push the enemy back from my right flank; when he had accomplished this, to move his brigade by the left flank, on the right and rear of the Second brigade, which had continued to move forward, conforming to the wheeling of the infantry to the left, and thus found my second Brigade on the flank of the first redoubt of four guns. Putting Battery I, First Illinois Light Artillery, attached to my division, in position, I opened with the guns and ordered Colonel Coon, the Second Brigade, to advance, retaining the fire of the men until within 300 yards of the redout. Charged the infantry supports, firing; the supports broke, and the redoubt was carried. Lieutenant Budd, of the Second Iowa Cavalry, was the first man in the fort, the second was my adjutant, Lieutenant Colvin, of the Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry. On obtaining possession of the redoubt, while my men were forming, turned the captured guns upon the hill commanding it. As soon as the line was formed the Second Brigade moved forward rapidly and gained the foot of the earth-works, where the men were rallied to carry it. The charge was again sounded; the colored-bearer of the Second Iowa Cavalry sprang over the parapets, and was killed inside of the works; he was quickly followed by men enough to carry the fort. We captured in two works 8 guns and about 250 prisoners. In the charge on the first fort two companies of the Eleventh Missouri Infantry, who had been thrown out as skirmishers, fell in with the line of the Second Iowa Cavalry and entered the fort with this regiment. My command then moved forward. The First Brigade, Colonel Stewart, had then come up, and was deployed on the right of the Second Brigade; moved forward on the flank of the enemy, when the enemy was found in force upon another range of high hills. Stewart's brigade being comparatively fresh i ordered it to charge, knowing a portion of the Twenty-third Corps was in its rear and could support the charge. The men went forward finely, carried the hill, and sweeping over it rapidly, captured four pieces of artillery in the valley on the other side. These guns were turned on the enemy with good effect. They were taken by the Eleventh Indiana, Twelfth Missouri, and Third Illinois Cavalry, and were worked upon the retreating columns of the enemy by Major Hubbard, Twelfth Missouri, and Third Illinois Cavalry, and were worked upon the retreating columns of the enemy by Major Hubbard, Twelfth Missouri Cavalry. It was dark before the fighting cease and my command went into camp at this place.

On the morning of the 16th of December moved out on the Hillsborough pike. The Second Brigade o my division was thrown out to the right, supported by the First Brigade. The Second Brigade was soon engaged in a sharp skirmish, driving the enemy's skirmishers across the Granny White pike. Found the enemy in force on the hills on the left of that pike. At 12 m. was ordered by Major-General Wilson to take these hills. On reaching the hills held by the Second Brigade found the enemy, having repulsed the infantry in their front, had turned his attention to driving my men from the hills on the right of the Granny White pike. The enemy made four charges, all of which were repulsed. During this time I succeeded in drawing a section of artillery to the top of a hill, held by my command, commanding the hill which our infantry were making efforts to carry. After firing some

37 R R-VOL XLV, PT I

