
fifty rounds from the guns ordered my line to advance and charge the hill, which was done in the finest manner. The hills was carried, 150 prisoners captured, and 3 battle-flags; Colonel Spalding, with his regiment, the Twelfth Tennessee, being first on the hill. The prisoners were afterward taken away from Colonel Spalding's guards by some infantry command, I think belonging to Colonel McMillen's brigade; of the command, however, I am not able to state with accuracy. I was then ordered by Major-General Wilson to move out rapidly on the Granny White pike. About eight miles from Nashville we struck Chalmers' division. It was then nearly dark. Throwing some dismounted men upon the flanks of the road, Colonel Spalding, of the Twelfth Tennessee, charged the center, capturing the division colors and Brigadier-General Rucker. The enemy were thrown into confusion, and only the darkness saved him from a thorough rout. Camped there that night.

On the morning of the 17th, by Major-General Wilson's orders, moved out to the left to the Franklin pike. Did not become engaged until reaching Franklin. Met the enemy a short distance below town. A series of charges then ensued until dark, with other cavalry of the corps, resulting in the capture of three pieces of artillery. In the charge during the day the Second Iowa Cavalry captured a stand of colors, and had their standard bearer killed, the second one in the last two days. On the 18th at daylight moved through Spring Hill, skirmishing continually, and at 2 p. m. went into camp. On the morning of the 19th marched at daylight. On reaching Rutherford's pushed across the creek, driving the enemy, who crossed upon the railroad bridge, which has been burned and fallen across the creek. Not being able to ford my horses, crossed the men dismounted and pushed the enemy about two miles, when night came on and I withdrew my men to the north side of the creek. On the morning of the 20th, before daylight, threw dismounted men on the road to Columbia and built a bridge to cross the creek, taking over my Parrott guns. The enemy, under the impression that we were close upon him, the night before took up his pontoons and left his rear guard of about 300 men and a battery, threw two of the guns into the river, and attempted to escape with the other two to the east, when the Second Iowa were sent in pursuit, capturing the guns, six ambulances, a few wagons and cattle, and scattering the rear guard of Texas cavalry.

On the morning of the 24th of December marched in rear of the Cavalry Corps toward Pulaski. Was not brought into action until an hour before dark, at Richland Creek, when my division attacked the enemy's right, turning his flank. Night prevented farther pursuit. Went into camp. On the morning of the 25th marched in rear of Hammond's and Harrisons's command. About 3 o'clock the enemy charged Hammond's and Harrison's commands, driving them back in confusion. I was ordered by General Wilson to put my division in position, throwing the First Brigade against the enemy on the left. Colonel Stewart checked and drove back the attempt of the enemy to turn our right. Ordered Colonel Coon to move the Second Brigade to the right, and moved forward. At this time the enemy were driving the center, and captured a gun from the Fourth Regular Battery.* At this moment, to check

Battery I, Fourth United States.

