
the onset of the enemy, I ordered the Ninth Illinois Cavalry to dismounted and charge, as the ground was bad. Too much cannot be said in favor of this regiment. Undismayed by the rapid retreat of the commands going to the rear, Captain-, commanding the regiment, threw his regiment to one side to let the flying mass pass, and then with a cheer charged the enemy, driving the enemy back, and forcing him to take shelter under his guns and in the barricades thrown up by the enemy. As soon as my right was well up on the enemy's infantry and Forrest's cavalry, Forrest commanding in person. It was then night, and the pursuit ended. On the morning of the 26th marched in the rear of Hammond's division. Were not ordered up for action until 4 in afternoon, when the enemy left his position and retreated rapidly south.

During the fight on the 25th the Third Illinois attacked the enemy on the railroad and saved two locomotives the enemy were about burning, and captured prisoners. On the 27th marched south though Lexington, sending forward a detachment of 500 picked men the previous night, under Colonel Spalding, who harassed the enemy's rear at Bainbridge, obliging him to abandon wagons, ambulances, caissons, and gun carriages, and capturing prisoners.

This ended the pursuit of Hood's army by my division. It has captured 20 guns, 1,000 prisoners, a large number of wagons, ambulances, caissons, and gun carriages, 2 battle-flags (division colors), and 4 battle-flags taken with prisoners by Colonel Spalding on the second day, and afterward taken from his provost guard by an infantry command when on the way off the field.

I would state the men of this command accompanying me from Memphis have been nearly 100 days in the saddle, more than half the time without rations. Both men and officers have been conspicuous for gallantry No instance of cowardice has been reported by the brigade commanders, and none have come under my notice; all have been brave.

For conspicuous gallantry I can mention my staff especially. Lieutenant Hervey A. Colvin, Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry, my adjutant, with Lieutenant Budd, Second Iowa Cavalry, were the first officers in the first redoubt stormed by the Second Brigade. Lieutenant Colvin severely wounded. Lieutenant Kendall, Twelfth Missouri Cavalry, my quartermaster, when storming the second redoubt, received slight wound, had five balls in his horse and eight through his clothes. Captain Davis, Tenth Tennessee Cavalry, behaved with great gallantry.

Colonel Coon, commanding the Second Brigade, Colonel Stewart, commanding the First Brigade, Colonel Spalding, Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry, wounded in charge on Chalmers' division. Captain Harper, Ninth Illinois Cavalry, wounded storming the second day. Major Gaham, Seventh Illinois Cavalry, wounded storming the second redoubt. Captain Gassling [?], Seventh Illinois Cavalry, wounded storming the second redoubt. Major Horton, Second Iowa Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Lynch, Sixth Illinois Cavalry, Major Forbes, Seventh Illinois Cavalry, Captain Phillips, Sixth Illinois Cavalry, wounded; Major Hubbard and Major Pritchard, Twelfth Missouri Cavalry, and Major Story, Tenth Tennessee Cavalry, wounded in last charge first day. Lieutenant-Colonel Carnahan, Third Illinois Cavalry, Lieutenant Roberts and Lieutenant Avery, of Colonel Coon's staff.

