
Through the official report of casualties has not reached me yet from the various regiments in resisting Hood's advance to Nashville, my loss, killed and wounded, were about 250. In the two days' battles at Nashville and pursuit, about 400

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Per RUSS B. DAVIS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(In the absence of General Hatch.)

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi.

Numbers 197. Report of Colonel Datus E. Coon, Second Iowa Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations September 30, 1864-January 15, 1865.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIFTH DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Gravelly Springs, Ala., January 20, 1865.

MAJOR: In compliance with circular from division headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command from the 30th day of September, 1864, to the 15th day of January, 1865:

September 30, my brigade (Second Brigade, First Division, Cavalry Crops, District of West Tennessee), consisting of the Sixth Illinois Cavalry, Major Charles W. Whitsit, the Ninth Illinois Cavalry, Captain William C. Blackburn, the Second Iowa Cavalry, Major Charles C. Horton commanding, and Company K, First Illinois Light Artillery, Captain I. W. Curtis commanding, was engaged during the morning in making preparations for a ten days' scout. At 12 m. the column was in motion on the Germantown road. The rain fell in torrents for two hours. When within on miles of Germantown turned north and crossed the Wolf River at Patten's plantation; the crossing was upon poorly constructed bridge, which delay my wagons and artillery until after dark, and caused much trouble in passing through the heavily timbered bottom on the opposite side. The command was in bivouac by 11.30 p. m., seven miles north of Germantown. October 1, left camp at daylight, marching in rear of First Brigade; passed Macon at 12 m., and took Somerville road; camped three miles from the former place. October 2, moved at 4 a. m., reached Somerville at 7 a. m., and took Bolivar road; arrived at that place at 4 p. m. I immediately made a heavy detail from Second Iowa Cavalry to finish a bridge across the Hatchie, which the Seventh Illinois Cavalry had been sent in advance to construct. At 8 p. m. the bridge was completed and the whole command over and in camp. October 3, moved out of Hatchie Bottom at daylight, taking Mount Pinson road; crossed the Forked Deer River at sunset, and camped one mile north of the river at 8 p. m. and near the above named town; heavy rain all night. October 4, left bivouac at 3 a. m., and reached Mifflin, Henderson County, and fed horses while the men made office. At 10 a. m. moved on, taking the road leading down the valley of Beech River, leaving Lexington to our left north some eight miles. Camped at Jones' plantation, three miles from Scott's hill.

