
November 8, remained in bivouac during the forenoon, giving opportunity to the Second Iowa Cavalry to vote for Lincoln, which was done almost anonymously. At 2 p. m. moved to Bough's Ford, where I arrived at 5 p. m. in a heavy rain-storm. Detachments were immediately sent to reconnoiter the ford on the main road, also the one below, while a company was sent to the mill above. All reported, as on the three days previous, that the stream could not be forded. An effort was then made to construct a raft to cross at the mill, which failed for the want of material. During a skirmish of an hours the rain fell in torrents, and soon night came on, closing all operations for the day, when I withdrew to a point near the bivouac of the previous night. Sent Major C. P. Moore, Second Iowa Cavalry, with detachment of 100 men, to the rear of the enemy on the Tennessee River, with instructions to strike the river ten miles below Florence. Rained steadily all day.

November 9, during the night received orders from General hatch to make another demonstration on the enemy at Bough's Ford. Moved out promptly at 7.30 a. m.; reached the ford at 9 a. m.; roads nearly impassable from mud and water; found, as usual, the enemy's pickets heavy and well posted on the opposite side. The stream still too high to admit of fording from either side, withdrew at 12 m., and camped at Watchinks' house. Rained during the afternoon, but cleared away at sunset. Major Moore, Second Iowa, returned with his command safe, having passed around in rear of the enemy's line,s a distance of forty miles, and striking the Tennessee River ten miles distant below Florence, making d distance in going and returning of eighty miles' travel in twenty-four hours. The object of the expedition was to bring in seven men of General Croxton's command, who had been three day's pontoons at Florence. If the object of the expedition had not been accomplished, they were to complete the work of destruction and meet this party below, but after diligent search and careful inquiry the major returned. November 10, remained in camp all day, the first pleasant day since leaving Pulaski. Owing to the extremely inclement weather, bad roads, &amp;c., my command was again entirely destitute of rations. Two mills were taken possession of, and a regular system of foraging off the country was adopted, which, with the most careful management, could but poorly supply the men. Received orders during the afternoon to be ready at 9 a. m. of the 11th to make another demonstration on the enemy's picket, in conjunction with the entire command. November 11, reached the ford and opened upon the enemy's picket at the precise moment designated. The Sixth Illinois Cavalry, Major Charles W. Whitsit commanding, having the advance, were deployed as skirmishers, dismounted, forming a line from the main road up the stream to the mill, while a section of artillery was put in position on the military road. The skirmishers soon drove back the advance picket, while the artillery was put in position on the military road. The skirmishers soon drove back the advance picket, while the artillery caused their reserve, at first in plain view, to scatter to their rear. A company of mounted men were in the meantime to try the ford on the main road and ascertain its condition for crossing. After a thorough trail it was found to be too deep even for mounted men. The Second Iowa Cavalry, Major C. C. Horton commanding, succeeded in finding a ford near a quarter of a mile below the main crossing, where I ordered him to commence crossings rapidly as possible. This order was obeyed in a most gallant manner by Company G of that regiment, with Lieutenant George W. Budd commanding the advance. The First Battalion, Major Gustavus Schinitzer commanding, was soon over and engaging the enemy in a lively skir-

