
mish, when Major Horton reported the ford impracticable for the passage of more troops, from the quicksand and miry soiled on the opposite shore, and that it was impossible to cross the artillery in any event. I ordered him to dismount the remainder of his regiment, place them in line along the shores, and recall Major Schnitzer. While the First Battalion was crossing and recrossing the stream the enemy kept up a heavy fire from a barricade some 300 yards distant, on a high bluff. Another effort had been made inthe meantime to cross at the mill, which had been unsuccessful on account of high water. The Ninth Illinois Cavalry, Captain Blackburn commanding, which had been sent, on leaving camp, to make a flank movement to the right of this position, by crossing Shoal Creek above the pond and mill and moving down on the opposite and west side of the stream, now appeared in sight, frightening the enemy's pickets to such an extent that they fell back so far as to allow this regiment to cross the stream in safety by swimming their horses, with the exception of Company A, Lieutenant David Hillier commanding, who, by a misunderstanding of orders, took the back track until severely pressed by a brigade of the enemy's cavalry, when he coolly took to the timber and hills, evading their main force, and after much difficulty succeeded in recrossing Shoal Creek, reporting with all his men in camp at dark. The cool, undisturbed manner of this officer in relieving himself from the snare of the enemy is at least highly creditable. At 1 p. m. withdrew my command and went into camp again at Watkins' house.

November 12, remained in camp all day. Issued a very light ration of meal ground at the mill. November 13, remained in camp during the day; received orders during the evening to proceed immediately to blockade all roads leading into the military road. November 14, the detail a fell trees reported all roads effectually blockaded in compliance with orders. November 15, at 4 a. m., moved out on military road toward Lawrenceburg, and camped at Wilson's plantation, five miles distant. November 16, left the military road at 8 a. m., passed down the valley of Wolf Creek, and crossed Shoal Creek at Wolf Ford; moved from the opposite side to Aberdeen, thence to Big Butler, and down to Little Butler, from which place moved directly south toward Wilson's Cross-Roads. After passing a mile, the advance, the Second Iowa Cavalry, found the enemy's pickets and dashed at them furiously, and ran them into their reserve pell-mell, which created a stampede of the whole command, composed of General Roddey's brigade, which, in turn, ran back to their infantry camps in great confusion. Through the gallant conduct of Lieutenant Griffith, of Company D of the above-named regiment, we captured several prisoners, who informed us of many important facts touching the movements of the enemy. After having forced Roddey within the infantry lines, I became satisfied that the enemy were continually receiving re-enforcements, and that Forrest had recently joined Hood (on the 14th), and that the location about the two Butler Creeks was not the most safe for the camp of a cavalry command. I therefore took the responsibility of recrossing Shoal Creek at the Savannah Ford, and went into camp at Hains' plantation, three miles from Cowpen Mills. November 17, moved camp to Cowpen Mills and sent patrols three miles across Shoal Creek. Found the enemy in force. November 18, made reconnaissance across Shoal Creek. Found the enemy in force. November 18, made reconnaissance across Shoal Creek with sent the entire brigade three miles to Butler Creek and Florence road, and sent the Second Iowa Cavalry as patrols to the Florence and Waynesborough road four miles distant, returned to Cowpen Mills and camped.

