
November 19, in compliance with orders from division commanders, moved my brigade across Shoal Creek at Cowpen Ford, for the purpose of camping on Butler Creek. On reaching the Butler Creek road, three miles west, drove in the enemy's picket, and sent Captain A. R. Mock, of Ninth Illinois Cavalry, commanding battalion, to patrol the Waynesborough road. The main column turned north to Bulter's Creek, while Captain J. W. Harper, with the remainder of his regiment (the Ninth Illinois Cavalry), stood picket on the road running south toward Florence. I remained with my escort at the cross-roads to see the train safely closed up for three-quarters of an hour, when I was informed by an orderly that the Second Iowa had met the enemy in heavy force, and that Buford's division was in their front, on Brigadier Butler Creek. At about this moment Captain Harper reported the enemy pressing his picket from the south, and that they had the appearance of being infantry. Leaving an orderly to close the column I sent another to inform Captain Harper that he must hold his position at all hazards until the pack train and artillery had passed, as it was impossible, from the bad condition of the road, to halt or return by the same route. I then rode rapidly to the Second Iowa, and found them engaged with a superior force. I immediately sent the train and artillery down the valley of the Little Butler, accompanied by the Sixth Illinois as escort, Major Whitsit commanding, who was instructed to take all axes and spades and make a crossing on Shoal Cree at all hazards, as this was the only place of escape from a well devised trap of the enemy. The next thirty minutes were passed in great anxiety, as Buford, on the north, was pressing the Second Iowa hard in front and flanking on their right and left with vastly superior numbers, while the Ninth Illinois was heavily pressed in the rear by a force from the south. During this time a messenger was sent to Captain Mock, informing him of his situation, and that unless he returned soon I would be compelled to abandon the last place left for his escape. As the Ninth Illinois came up they passed to the right and rear of the Second Iowa, down the Little Butler, and forming a line dismounted at the junction of the Big and Little Butler, where the high and abrupt bluffs on either side made the valley quite narrow. This made a good support for the Second Iowa when compelled to fall back. By this time the situation of the Second Iowa became truly critical, in consequence of the rapid movements of the rebel flanking column, which reached nearly to their rear on the right and left. Seeing it was impossible to hold the gap until Captain Mock could be heard from I ordered Major Horton to fall back and form again in rear of the Ninth Illinois. Each regiment then fell back alternately and formed lines for two miles, when we reached Shoal Creek, and I found, to my great surprise, the Sixth Illinois pack train, artillery, and ambulances all safe on the opposite side, and the regiment dismounted to cover the crossing. A lively skirmish was kept up by the rear guard while the command passed down the steep miry bank by file obliquely 150 feet. The mortification and apparent chagrin of the rebels when they found their prey had unexpectedly escaped was made known by those hideous yells, such as only rebels can make. I carefully placed my pickets on all practicable roads and encamped at dark at the same place I had left in the morning, with the firm conclusion, as previously reported, that Butler's Creek was by no means a desirable location to encamp. The day had been one of incessant rain.

November 20, moved from Cowpen Mills at 3 a. m., going toward the military road. On arriving at that place halted for an hour, when I received orders to move to Buluewater Creek and camp, leaving pickets

