
on military road. Captain Mock, of Ninth Illinois Cavalry, reported on military road, having traveled all night to reach the command. He succeeded in reaching the Waynesborogh road, but in returning found himself and command completely surrounded by the enemy, and took to the hills by meandering neighborhood roads. By accident he came upon General Chalmers' division wagon train and made a charge on the guard, capturing several wagons and prisoners and fifty mules, besides much plunder which he could not bring away. While in the act of destroying the train he was attacked by a superior force and compelled to leave all and take to the woods again. By the assistance of union men and negroes he was guided by circuitous routes until the reached the column. His loss was thirty men, most of whom were taken prisoners. Papers conveying important information were captured with the train, information which must have been of infinite importance to General Thomas, as they detailed the movements about to be made, giving timely notice to all of what was to take place. Captain Mock is entitled to much credit for the skill displayed in bringing out his command with so little loss. At sunset the pickets on the military road were attacked and compelled to fall back. Patrols sent to the military road and the front on all roads during the force part of the night found the enemy advancing in force.

November 21, ordered to take the rear on the Lexington road at daylight. Reached Lexington at 10.15 a. m., when the division joined Croxton's brigade and was ordered to take the Lawrenceburg road in rear of command and train. Reached Lawrenceburg at 5 p. m. and camped for the night. The day was cold and much snow fell during the afternoon and night following.

November 22, morning cold and the ground frozen hard. About 12 m. the enemy commenced skirmishing with our pickets, when Captain Jacob F. Bandy, Second Iowa Cavalry, with one battalion was sent to ascertain their force. At three miles distant from town the enemy was found in force and strongly posted on bluffs and behind well-arranged rail barricades. After an hour's skirmish he fell back to the picket. At 2 p. m. the enemy moved up in heavy force, infantry, cavalry, and artillery, and encamped in line in plain view of town and of our bivouac. In compliance with orders I immediately put my command in line of battle on north side of town. The enemy soon opened with one section of artillery when my battery replied. An hour was spent in firing by the artillery on both sides with no result, when we were ordered to fall back on Pulaski road, Second Brigade to take the rear. My pickets and command withdrew in good order, though heavily pressed by superior force. halted and camped seven miles east of Lawrenceburg, leaving General Croxton's command in our front.

November 23, left camp at 4 a. m.; halted at Richland Mills to feed and issue rations to the men. General Croxton's command, in the rear, was heard skirmishing heavily. At 3 p. m. moved three miles toward Pulaski and took to the left up the valley of Dry Creek, camping five mils south of Campbellsville.

November 24, moved at 6 a. m., taking the rear. Arrived at Campbellsville at 9 a. m. Received orders to follow the First Brigade and camp one mile above and north of the town on the creek. Sent patrols went one mile, who soon returned, reporting the enemy moving on our left, with vedettes standing on every high bluff in sight. This information was promptly conveyed to General Hatch, who ordered patrols strengthened and sent back to watch the enemy. Had not proceeded half a mile when I was informed

