
that the First Brigade, a short distance ahead, had met a heavy column, supposed to be Buford's division. I immediately ordered the regiments along the column to throw down the fences, and two regiments, the Sixth and Ninth Illinois, to form a line dismounted. This was not fully accomplished, however, when I was ordered to fall back to the east side of town, and hold the Lynville road until the First Brigade, reported in a critical situation, could be recalled. My line of battle was soon formed, the left, the Ninth Illinois, resting near the church, the Second Iowa in the center, and the Sixth Illinois on the right, extending north, the entire line facing to the west. The regiments had barely time to dismount. The battery was soon put in position near the center of the line, when the enemy's infantry made its appearance in heavy force on the south and west side of the town. By direction of General Hatch the battery commenced firing at a range of one mile and a half. The effect of the cannonading was excellent, causing the whole rebel column to halt for at least once hour and deploy in heavy force. During this time a flanking column of the enemy was discovered moving to our left, threatening the Lynville road, when I ordered the Second Iowa, Major C. C. Horton commanding, to guard and check that movement, who soon reported the force engaging him vastly superior to his. I immediately sent the Ninth Illinois as support. These regiments were both immediately in a heavy skirmish, their position soon became intolerable, as the enemy was undoubtedly moving their main column by the right flank, to get possession of the road in their rear. These facts I communicated to the general commanding, who ordered me to fall back and hold the road regardless of the First Brigade. When three-fourths of a mile from town I found the enemy ins throng force on the left, with a battery playing at 1,000 yards distance upon my column. The men were deployed on foot on the left while the led horses and artillery was quite lively, but on casualties occurred, save the killing of tow horses. Two miles from Campbellsville my flanking column and patrols from the left were suddenly driven is as the road turned to the left through a narrow gorge, and just at the time General Hatch was passing. Captain E. T. Phillips, Company M, Sixth Illinois Cavalry, commanding his escort, discovering the rebels, charge in an instant with his company and saved the gallant commander from capture. This gallant act of Captain Phillips is worthy of special compliment here, as well for his daring as for the good result. Unfortunately, the captain received a would in the left hand, which disabled him for the campaign. The Ninth Illinois Cavalry, Captain J. W. harper commanding, following immediately in rear of the general's escort, was ordered by him to dismount and hold the gap at all hazards. Captain harper had scarcely dismounted his men, when they received a heavy fire from a brigade of the enemy. Not particle daunted the captain ordered his men forward until it became a hand to hand fight. In the meantime I was notified of the perilous condition of the regiments, being then one-fourth of a mile in advance. Not knowing that nature of their orders I directed Captain Harper to fall back slowly, but was soon informed that their ammunition (sixty rounds) was nearly exhausted. I then formed the Second Iowa across the gorge to protect them while they withdrew. The loss of this regiment was thirty killed and wounded in less than that number of minutes; among the number were four orderly sergeants killed. It is with pride that I mentioned the fact that Captain Harper brought his men back in good order, altought the loss was heavy. No sooner had the Ninth Illinois passed through the line of the

