
Second Iowa than the rebel brigade came at double-quick up the hollow, colors in front, and in another instant was in line of battle. Three hundred Spencers from the Second Iowa drove them back in confusion; but a moment, however, intervened when the rebels rallied. Major Horton in the meantime retired and mounted by battalions, under fire, leaving one officer and five men wounded on the field. I then sent Captain Bandy, Second Iowa, with two companies as rear guard, to Lynnville, three miles distant. The whole brigade was here thrown out in line of battle, and held the enemy in check until after dark, when I was ordered to withdraw and march in rear to Columbia. Put my command in bivouac within the infantry pickets at 11.30 p. m.

November 25, crossed Duck River, and encamped three miles above the city. November 26, at 10 a. m. moved out on the Murfreesborough road, and encamped eight miles east of Columbia. Rained continually during the day and that night. November 27, remained in bivouac all day; still raining very hard. The Seventh Illinois Cavalry having been assigned to this brigade, Major John M. Graham, commanding regiment, reported for duty. I sent Captain Glass, of Sixth Illinois Cavalry, and 400 men, to Shelbyville, ascertain the enemy's movements in that direction.

November 28, rained until 12 m. At 2 p. m. received orders to move immediately. While "boot and saddle" was being sounded the enemy opened with a volley upon the picket on the Shelbyville road. By aid of a glass the enemy could be seen in heavy force through the thin fog, about two miles distant. I ordered a battalion of the Second Iowa, Captain Foster commanding, to support the pickets, while the command made preparations to move. By direction of the general commanding I sent the artillery and train on the Spring Hill road. This order, however, was soon countermanded, and the train sent to Huey's Cross-Roads, on the Lewisburg pike, where the brigade erected a slight barricade of rails, and slept on their arms during the night.

November 29, took up line of march at 4 a. m., passing Croxton's and Harrison's commands and moving toward Franklin, my brigade marching in rear of division to Mount Carmel, where it halted and fed in line of battle to the left of the pike. At 9 a. m. General Croxton's command passed my brigade, heavily pressed by the enemy. The light rail barricades previously prepared served as temporary breast-works and enabled my brigade, then dismounted, to check the enemy's movements. But a few moments passed until the whole line was engaged in a heavy skirmish, which continued for an hour, when I received orders to withdraw slowly, which was done by alternate numbers in line, dismounted, for two miles, when I ordered the brigade mounted. I then withdrew by brigade in line of regimens, each regiment in line of squadrons in column of fours. The enemy, discovering this formation, charged down the pike, in column of fours, on a small company of the Ninth Illinois Cavalry, which was acting as rear guard. In accordance with previous instructions from me the company did not halt, but continued to fall back, leading the enemy between the flanking columns right and left, who opened upon them a raking fire, throwing hem into confusion, and ending the pursuit for the day. The command arrived at Nolen's plantation at 12 m., and halted in line of battle until 4 p. m., when it moved toward Franklin two miles, and, turning to the right, crossed Little Harpeth River and moved north to the Nolensville and Franklin road, where the brigade was encamped for the night.

