
November 30, the Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry, Colonel George Spalding commanding, having been assigned to this brigade, reported for duty. Remained in bivouac till 12 m., where the enemy were reported to have driven our pickets in at the ford on the Little Harpeth. I received orders to put my brigade in line of battle dismounted, and I sent the Sixth Illinois to support the picket in front, and the Second Iowa to guard the left on the Nolesville road. After some thirty minutes I received orders to move my line forward, which was done promptly. At the distance of half a mile the enemy made his appearance in force on a high bluff in front, when by order of the general commanding, I ordered the brigade to charge the hill and drive the enemy back, which was performed in a most gallant style, until he was driven back across the Little Harpeth River. The enemy's force making the attack was supposed to be Buford's division of cavalry and mounted acquitted to be from 5,000 to 6,000 strong. My entire command acquitted itself in a most creditable manner, and camped for the night on the ground occupied the night previous.

December 1, at 5.30 a. m. marched with the division to Brentwood Station, where I was ordered to form in line of battle on the Franklin pike. I remained here until 2 p. m., when I moved on the Nashville pike in rear of the command, crossed over to Murfreesborough pike, and camped for the night. December 2, marched with the division at 5 a. m., on the right flank, to Nashville, and crossed the Cumberland River during the afternoon, and encamped at Edgefield. During the time from December 3 to December 11 the brigade was encamped at Edgefield, making preparations for active duty again. December 12, moved camp across the river, and camped tow miles south of the river between the Hardin and Charlotte pikes. December 13 and 14, in camp.

December 15, by the direction of the general commanding the division the brigade moved out at daylight from camp across the field, on the right of the Hardin pike, tow miles, forming dismounted on the right of the infantry under Major General A. J. Smith. The led horses wee placed in the rear of their respective regiments, with the exception of the Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry, Colonel George Spalding commanding, which regiment I kept mounted for a charge, should an opportunity present. An hour was spent in regulating the line of infantry and cavalry, when the advance was ordered, and all moved forward, presenting a most magnificent spectacle. We had not proceeded far when we crossed the Hardin pike, where a wagon train was discovered still in sight moving south, and Colonel George Spalding was sent in pursuit. After traveling eight miles he came upon the rear guard and charged on it, capturing some twenty wagons, with teams, &amp;c., complete, some forty prisoners, and a large amount of plunder, belonging to the rebel General Chalmers' headquarters. My brigade formed on the extreme right of the infantry, with directions to conform to their movements, which were in a large circle and caused lively marching for the men, as the distance traveled by them was much farther then that of the infantry. After marching for three miles much of the time at a double-quick, I formed by brigade on the left flank of the enemy, one mile and a quarter to the left of the Hardin pike. Passing my battery to my right flank, where a favorable opportunity offered to enfilade the enemy's lines, the Seventh Illinois and Second Iowa were directed to support the battery. My artillery had discharged but a few shots at the redoubt when it was rapidly replied to. A lively fire was kept up on both sides for an hour with but few casualties. The command moved forward until within 500 yards of the enemy's

