
works, when General Hatch directed me to charge and take the nearest redoubt. The regiments engaged in this charge were as follows: Seventh Illinois Cavalry, Major John M. Graham commanding, on the right; the Second Iowa Cavalry, Major C. C. Horton, and Ninth Illinois Cavalry, Captain Joseph W. Harper commanding, in order, on the left of the Seventh Illinois; and the Sixth Illinois Cavalry, Lieutenant Colonel John Lynch commanding, on the left of the brigade and closed up to the right of the infantry. In making the charge the right wing of the brigade had ap open field, with nothing to impede their progress save two stone fences, while the left wing had a heavy thicket to pass through. At the word "Forward!" stone [fences and] thickens were very slight impediments in the way of this veteran brigade. The enemy, discovering the movement, changed their little messengers of shell to grape and canister, accompanied by heavy musketry from the infantry support behind their works. As I rode along the line I found each regiment competing with the others to reach the redout. So near the same time did each regiment reach the redoubt that it was difficult for some time to ascertain who was the first to reach the prize. All acted nobly, and are entitled to the highest praise, under the circumstances, for there forts to be the first. The evidence, carefully examined, awards to Second Lieutenant George W. Budd, of Company G, Second Iowa Cavalry, and his company, the honor of being the first to scale the rebel works and take possession of the rebel cannon, which were four in number-Napoleons. On reaching the inside of the works he drew his saber upon the cannoneers and forced them to discharge the last load intended for the Federals on their own friends, then in plain view on the east side of the fort, not 500 yards distant. As the command took possession of this point a rebel battery opened from another redoubt, 600 yards distant, situated upon the top of a bluff some 200 feet high and protected by strong earth-works. General Hatch ordered me to charge the hill without delay. This order was promptly obeyed by all my command, officers and men. The "charge" was sounded, and in twenty-minutes the colors of the Second John F. Hartman, of Company F, who was mortally wounded by a musket-ball passing through the abdomen. During the charge the enemy kept up a brisk cannonading, accompanied by heavy musketry firing from the infantry within the redoubt. The long march previous, the charge in taking the first redoubt, and the short time given until the charge of the second, rendered it almost impossible for a cavalryman to move faster than a walk. The long march previous, the charge in taking the first redoubt, and the short time given until the charge of the second, rendered it almost impossible for a cavalryman to move faster than a walk. So eager were the officers and men to reach the second redoubt that many fell to the ground exhausted. Lieutenant Colonel John Lynch, Sixth Illinois Cavalry, while at the head of his regiment gallantly leading his men, fell exhausted and was carried from the field. Many soldiers, when too tired to walk, crawled upon their hands and knees up the steep bluff to the foot of the redoubt. While my men were in the act of charging this last fort the infantry had reached within supporting distance, when I ordered my officers to pass the words, "Second Brigade, take those guns before the infantry get up!" and in less than ten minutes the work was done. Lieutenant John H. Carpenter, Company L, Ninth Illinois Cavalry, was the first man who entered the redoubt, killing the officer in command of the fort, while at the same moment Sergeant Hartman planted the colones of his regiment inside the works. In honor to the brave who have fallen I should say that on arriving within some twenty yards of the redoubt I found this brave color-bearer completely exhausted and halted in advance of the line. I

