
asked him, "Sergeant, can you put those colors upon the works?" He replied, "I can, if supported." When I called for the Second Iowa to support their colors it was done with an iron will, but the sergeant fell and was soon borne from the field. In this fort were two pieces of artillery (12-pounders), a large quantity of ammunition, and 150 prisoners. In ten minutes these guns were turned upon the enemy with such effect as to cause great confusion in their retreating columns. The prisoners and plunder had not been collected when I was ordered to continue the pursuit, leaving them in charge of the infantry. On quitting the fort, having previously instructed my regimental commanders where to form and collect their men, I mistook two regiments of the First Brigade for those of my own, and had the distinguished honor of leading them to the summit of a third hill, and shall ever remember with pleasure the gallant conduct of these men in holding that place, under almost galling fire from the enemy in front and on both right and left flanks, until the infantry came up, when they moved forward and took three pieces of artillery, from which they had driven the enemy a few moments before. These regiments, I am informed, were the Twelfth Missouri and Eleventh Indiana Cavalry. At dark I bivouacked my command near the redoubts on the Lewisburg pike.

December 16, at 10 a. m. was ordered to move my brigade out on the Lewisburg pike and support General Knipe. After advancing a mile I halted one hour, when I was ordered to move my command to the east of the pike, form in line dismounted, and move forward, in conformity with the infantry, toward the Granny White pike. The steep hills, rising abruptly from 100 to 200 feet high, and covered with thick undergrowth, rendered it almost impossible for the movement of troops even dismounted. By putting the brigade by regiments (Sixth and Ninth Illinois, Second Iowa, Seventh Illinois, and Twelfth Tennessee) in line, successively, in order from left to right, and each upon a hill, I was at last able to move forward nearly one mile, when the whole line became engaged. The brigade was skirmishing heavily when I received orders to halt and hold my position. The line was upon a high, narrow ridge, thinly wooded, but affording an excellent point to defend. During the first hour here the Seventh Illinois charged a rebel work, driving the enemy away, capturing seventy-five prisoners and a large number of small-arms, bringing the prisoners safely away and destroying the arms. About 3 p. m. I ordered the Sixth and Ninth Illinois and Second Iowa, on my left, to commence firing at will on a fort some 500 yards distant, while two pieces of my artillery played upon it from the valley below. This, I am satisfied, had the desired effect, for the enemy commenced evacuating in a very few minutes. The whole line was hen moved forward, and the Twelfth Tennessee captured some 150 prisoners. Three stand of colors were left in the hands of the infantry. On reaching the Granny White pike I was ordered to follow the enemy south, and, if possible, charge them before dark, as they were retreating in great haste. Colonel Spalding, of the Twelfth Tennessee, took the advance, and had not proceeded more than one mile when he made a charge, which threw them into confusion, and, by the assistance of the Ninth Illinois, who were brought up dismounted, I soon drove them from a strong position protected by a barricade of rails. The Twelfth Tennessee and Sixth and Ninth Illinois followed them to another strong position, half a mile distant, when a hand-to-hand fight took place, and laster an hour after dark. At this place Brigadier-General Rucker was captured by Captain Joseph C. Boyer, Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry, who received a severe blow on the

