
forehead from the hand of the rebel general. In this personal contest Captain Boyer wrenched the rebel general's saber from his hand, who in turn seized and took his, when a Federal soldiers, name unknown, shot the general in the arm, causing him to surrender. It was in this melee, amidst intense darkness, that the tow regiments of Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry, Federal and Confederate, met and mixed in and confusion, neither knowing the other save by the usual challenge, "Halt, who comes there?" Colonel Spalding, who was foremost in the charge, was halted by two Confederate soldiers, who, on hearing his answer to the challenge, grasped his horse by the reins on either side and demanded his surrender, when the colonel put spurs to his horse, and with one bound the noble animal took himself and rider beyond danger. Private Berry Watson, Company G, Twelfth Tennessee, captured and brought away General Rocker's division flag, and was promoted to sergeant by Colonel Spalding, the same night, for gallant conduct. Majors Kirwan and Bradshaw, of the Twelfth Tennessee, charged entirely through the rebel lines with their battalions, and afterward returned by passing themselves as belonging to the Twelfth Tennessee Confederate Cavalry, and in great anxiety to meet the Yankees. Camped for the night of Granny White pike, eight miles south of Nashville.

December 17, moved at daylight and continued the pursuit, following in rear of the cavalry command to Franklin, where I was ordered to move to the left on the Lewisburg pike three miles and cross over to the Columbia pike. When three miles south of Franklin we met the enemy, and I immediately formed the whole brigade and charged mounted. On reaching and driving in the rebels' left the Second Iowa pressed its way around to their rear, when a hand-to-hand fight ensued, resulting in the capture of one stand of colors and several prisoners. In this engagement Sergt. John Coulter, Corpl. A. R. Heck, and Private Black, of Company K, captured and brought off a stand of divisions colors, after which Private Black and Corpl. A. R. Heck were killed and Sergt. John Coulter was severely wounded. The sergeant, however, succeeded in bringing away the rebel standard. Sergeant Margaretz, of Company F, same regiment, the second color-sergeant, was killed at the same place, but not until he had killed the rebel who demanded his colors. On burying the dead three Federal and five Confederate soldiers were found dead within three paces of each other. The firing in the rear, in conjunction with the brisk engagement in front, caused the enemy to fall back, and with detached portions of the brigade I continued to press his flank until dark, when I dismounted the Ninth Illinois, formed in range, and fired upon him by volleys, driving him from another position, and, in co-operation with other troops, capturing three more pieces of artillery. One of these pieces was brought off the field by the Ninth Illinois. The darkness prevented further movements, and we camped for the night seven miles below Franklin.

December 18, moved at daylight, continuing the pursuit to Spring Hill, where we found a considerable force of the enemy, and fired but a few shots, when they fell back in confusion. Camped for the night three miles south of Spring Hill. December 19, resumed the march at 7 a. m., and continued to Rutherford's Creek, where are dismounted, marched by the right flank one mile, and succeeded in crossing the Sixth Illinois on the wreck of the burnt railroad bridge, when the fragments floated away and the balance of my command were compelled to ford the stream some distance above. Moved two miles below on the

