
enemy's flank, the Sixth Illinois skirmishing until dark; then the command encamped for the night. December 20, at daylight were again in motion down Rutherford's Creek. Marched nearly two miles, when I was ordered to dismount my command and construct a crossing from the fragment of a railroad bridge which the rebels had destroyed the day previous. This works was completed, and my command across at 12 m., and the pursuit again resumed. The Seventh and Ninth Illinois were dismounted and deployed on foot, while the remainder of the brigade followed mounted to Duck River, opposite Columbia. On arriving here found the enemy had crossed his rear guard in comparative safety at 4 a. m., leaving a small party, with a piece of artillery, as rear guard in the town upon the opposite side. A light skirmish between the above-named regiments and the enemy, accompanied by light cannonading from both sides, closed the operations of the day, when the command encamped to await the arrival of the pontoons. During the skirmish the Seventh Illinois discovered where the enemy had abandoned four pieces of artillery by tumbling it into Duck River over the abutment of the old bridge. It was afterward taken out by the infantry.

December 21 and 22, the main part of my command remained in camp two miles northeast of Columbia. One battalion of the Second Iowa, Captain Samuel Foster, Company M, commanding, was sent on the Shelbyville pike in pursuit of a party of rebels, who were reported escaping with two pieces of artillery. The captain succeeded in capturing them without resistance, after a day's march, and also found six ambulances and three wagons in poor condition. December 23, crossed the Duck River, and encamped five miles south of Columbia on the Pulaski pike. December 24, marched with the division, in rear of General Croxton's command, as fare as Lynnville, when my brigade was ordered to march by the left flank, to gain the rear of the enemy's lines, and drive him from a strong position on Richland Creek, but was prevented by the unfordable condition of Richland Creek, when I dismounted by command and engaged the enemy at long range for half an hour. During this skirmish the rebel General Buford was wounded by the seventh Illinois. Camped for the night. December 25, marched with the division, in rear of Colonel Harrison's and General Hammond's commands, reaching Pulaski at 11 a. m., and passing beyond some six miles, when the enemy was found in force. A light skirmish ensued when the advance was repulsed. My brigade was immediately dismounted, and after a heavy skirmish of an hour drove the enemy from a strong position protected by a barricade of rails, and encamped for the night. December 26, marched in rear of General Hammond's command to Sugar Creek, and encamped for the night. December 27, sent Colonel Spalding, of the Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry; with a detachment of the best mounted men of each regiment (500 men in all), in the direction of Bainbridge, to ascertain the movements of the enemy. December 28, moved with the command to Blue Water, via Livingston, where we encamped for the night. Remained in camp during the 29th and 30th, having learned that the enemy had effect a crossing of the Tennessee River at Bainbridge. December 31, marched to Elk River on the Huntsville road; camped on opposite and east side, after much difficulty in crossing. The stream high for fording.

January 1, reached Athens, Ala., at 2 p. m., and camped five miles beyond. January 2, left bivouac at 4 a. m. for Huntsville, but were halted by a staff officer five miles on the road, who informed me that our destination had been changed from Hunstville, Ala., and Waterloo, opposite Eastport, Miss. I countermarched my command and camped

38 R R-VOL XLV, PT I

