
at Perran's plantation, five miles southeast of Athens. January 3, moved camp from Perran's plantation to Widow West's, where I was ordered to rest my horses and shoe as many as possible. January 4, 5, and 6 were spent in shoeing horses and resting them from the fatigues of the last campaign. January 7, marched for Waterloo, where we arrived on Wednesday, the 11th, at sunset, having traveled a distance of some eighty-five miles, in a most disagreeable state of weather as well as of roads; the weather cold and the mud frozen and in places very deep. After remaining in bivouac opposite Eastport some three days, by order of the brevet major-general commanding the corps I moved to this camp on the 14th day of the month.

In conclusion I must say that the campaign and labors of the brigade have been endured by the officers and soldiers with unparalleled fortitude. They have been subject to all the privations that soldiers are heir to, and without eliciting the least complaint. An army made of such material, veterans of nearly three years' standing, can accomplish what the world never before witnessed.

I am happy to mention to names of my staff-First Lieutenant John H. Avery, Ninth Illinois Cavalry, acting assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant Sidney O. Roberts, Ninth Illinois Cavalry, provost-marshal; First Lieutenant Thomas J. Cox, Tenth Tennessee Cavalry, acting assistant inspector-general; First Lieutenant Samuel J. Dangler, Second Iowa Cavalry, ambulance officer; First Lieutenant Henry B. Ludlow, Second Iowa Cavalry, acting assistant quartermaster; First Lieutenant E. A. Davenport, Ninth Illinois Cavalry, acting commissary of subsistence-for the worthy and efficient manner in which they discharged their duties.

The conduct of the officers and men in every regiment and company was of the most soldierly character, and were I allowed the space I would gladly mention many officers and hundreds of soldiers whose bravery is worthy of personal compliment in this respect.

I should do injustice were I to omit to mention the important service rendered my brigade by Company I, First Illinois Light Artillery, from the time it reported to me at Nashville up to the present, and especially in the battle of Nashville, on the 15th and 16th of December, and at Franklin, on the 17th, in shelling the enemy from the fort on the north side of town, and also at the fight that night at the Little Harpeth, also at Spring Hill, Rutherford's Creek, and Columbia. The offices and men conducted themselves in the most gallant style, always delivering their messages to the enemy with astonishing accuracy.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DATUS E. COON,

Colonel Second Iowa, Cav., Commanding 2nd Brigadier, 5th Div., Cav. Corps.

Major HENRY C. FORBES,

Chief of Staff to Brigadier General Edward Hatch, Commanding 5th Div.

Numbers 198. Report of Lieutenant Sidney O. Roberts, Acting Provost-Marshal, of operations December 15-16, 1864.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIFTH DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Gravelly Springs, Ala., January 20, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report in regard to captures, &amp;c., by this brigade:

The redoubts taken by this brigade in a charge December 15, 1864, contained four James rifled guns. With these guns, about sixty prisoners

