
were taken. Lieutenant George W. Budd, Second Iowa Cavalry, with a portion of his company, was the first to enter the fort. At this time the enemy on the right of our line was on an eminence of 300 feet, about 600 yards distant, protected by earth-works and two field howitzers. Colonel D. E. Coon, commanding Second Brigade, ordered his command to charge the position. When coming up to the earth-works a hand-to hand fight ensued, in which Captain J. W. Harpe, commanding Ninth Illinois Cavalry, was severely wounded in the arm. Lieutenant J. H. Carpenter, Ninth Illinois Cavalry, was the first man to enter the works, and killed a captain of a rebel battery standing at his guns. The color-bearer of the Second Iowa Cavalry, Sergt. John F. Hartman, was mortally wounded after planting the colors of the brigade on the fort. In this redoubt the brigade captured two field howitzers, 130 prisoners, 130 small-arms, and 1 wagon loaded with spades, picks, &amp;c. The command again formed and moved forward. Colonel Coon seeing that the enemy had brought artillery to bear on the infantry in position on the left of his brigade, and, at the same time seeing the two regiments of the First Brigade, Fifth Division, were in an advantageous position to move, advanced with these, two regiments and drove the enemy from his position on a hill, capturing four pieces of artillery on the left of the Hillsborough pike.

December 16, in a charge the Seventh Illinois Cavalry took seventy-three prisoners. Nearly an equal number were made to surrender, when the enemy received re-enforcements and partially drove the regiment from the position it had taken, and retook the prisoners that had surrendered. In this conflict Major John M. Graham, commanding the Seventh Illinois Cavalry, was severely wounded in the arm. The following named officers were also wounded during this engagement: Captain William McCausland, mortally, Lieutenant Uriah Brant, and Lieutenant John J. Shrimer, all of the Seventh Illinois Cavalry, wounded; and 11 enlisted men wounded, and 1 killed in the same engagement. Late in the afternoon, while pursuing the enemy on the Granny White pike, the enemy made a stand. We attacked and drove him from the position. The Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry, in a charge on the right of the pike, rode down the enemy. Captain J. C. Boyer, Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry, had a hand-to-hand fight with General rucker, of Forrest's command. The general struck the captain a severe blow with his saber; time, acquired possession of the captain a severe blow with his saber; the captain forced the saver from his hand, and the general, at the same time, acquired possession of the captain's, who drew his pistol and shot the general in the left arm, causing him to surrender.

The division colors borne on the report as captured by the Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry were taken by Private B. Watson, Company G, Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry, who killed the rebel standard-bearer. At this, a rebel officer rode up to him and said, "Stick to your colors, boys!" "I'll do it," said Watson; and he did. The standard was given into the possession of General Hatch, and is now at Nashville, Tenn. One hundred and fifty prisoners and three stand of colors captured by the Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry were forced from the sergeant in charge of them by an infantry command. The facts were reported to General Thomas, and [he] assured the commanding officer that he should have credit for them. Many prisoners were sent to the rear and turned over, and no receipt given. The colors of Ross' rebel brigade were captured by the Second Iowa Cavalry. First Sergeant Coulter, Company K, Second Iowa Cavalry, brought off the colors after a desperate fight, in which he was wounded in the shoulder. Around the flag and within a few fee of where it was captured seven rebels lay

