
dead, as well as two Federal soldiers of the Second Iowa Cavalry, to attest the desperate nature of the conflict. The Ninth Illinois Cavalry, on the right of the brigade, closed in on the pike, and caused the enemy to abandon three pieces of artillery, which were brought off by the regiment with the assistance of Lieutenant McCastlin [McCartney], Company I, First Illinois Artillery.

While advancing on Columbia the brigade caused the enemy to abandon 6 pieces of artillery, 3 caissons, and a number of wagons, ambulances, &amp;c.; 4 pieces of artillery were taken out of the river by the infantry.

All the property mentioned in the report has been turned over to the division and corps provost-marshals. The receipts are held by different parties. Many of the trophies are at the headquarters of this division at Nashville, Tenn. The saber taken from General Rucker is now in possession of Captain Boyer, Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry, who will forward it at the earliest opportunity.

It is proper to state that the Sixth Illinois Cavalry participated in all the engagement where the entire brigade was engaged. Officers and men conducted themselves with becoming gallantry on all occasions.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. O. ROBERTS,

Lieutenant and Provost-Marshal, Second Brigadier, Fifth Div., Cav. Corps.

Major J. M. YOUNG,

Provost-Marshal, Cavalry Corps.

Numbers 199. Report of Major Charles C. Horton, Second Iowa Cavalry, of operations September 30-November 30, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND IOWA VETERAN CAVALRY,Nashville, Tenn., December 5, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of skirmishes and engagements in which the Second Iowa Cavalry have participated, with list of casualties attending, since the 30th of September, 1864:

In compliance with orders from brigade headquarters I moved with the effective force of my command, with our division, commanded by Brigadier-General Hatch, from White's Station, Tenn., on the 30th of September 1864. Crossed the Tennessee River at Clifton, and joined in the pursuit of the rebel General Forrest. Returned to Clifton, and remained at that point until General Hood crossed the Tennessee at Florence, when we marched to Shoal Creek, nine miles from Florence, where we found the enemy strongly posted. Since that time we have been watching his movements and disputing his advance. Reached Nashville, Tenn., on the 2nd of December, 1864, after a campaign of sixty-four days; number of miles marched, 1,000.

Where the conduct of officers and men had been so highly commendable, gallant in time of action, enduring hardships and privations without a murmur, it is hard to discriminate. Yet I cannot refrain from making special mention of the gallantry and coolness of Captains Forster and Bandy, Lieutenants Rumple, Budd, and Griffith.

