
List of engagement: Shoal Creek, Ala., November 9, 1864; Aberdeen, Ala., November 17; Battle Creek, Ala., November 19; Lawrenceburg, Tenn., November 22; Campbellsville, Tenn., November 24; Lynnville, Tenn., November 24; Mount Carmel, November 29; near Franklin, Tenn., November 30.

CHAS. C. HORTON,

Major, Second Iowa Cavalry.

Numbers 200. Report of Brigadier General Richard W. Johnson, U. S. Army, commanding Sixth Division, of operations November 24-December 19, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,Edgefield, Tenn., December 24, 1864.

MAJOR: In accordance with military usage, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the cavalry under my command during the recent and still pending campaign against the enemy in Middle Tennessee:

It may be proper for me to premise that when I assumed command of this division, on the 24th day of November, near Columbia, I found present only Capron's old brigade of the Cavalry Division, Army of the Ohio, composed of the Fourteenth and Sixteenth Illinois Regiments and Eighth Michigan Cavalry, numbering in the aggregate about 800 mounted men, poorly armed and equipped, and I regret to say considerably demoralized by an unsuccessful campaign of some duration against an enemy superior to them in numbers, mount and equipment. On this same day the Fifth Iowa Cavalry, Major J. Morris young commanding, about 500 strong, reported to me, and on the day following Brigadier-General Croxton, with his fine brigade of the First Cavalry Division, was also placed under my command. Of the operations of General Croxton's brigade during the short time he was under my command I shall not attempt particularly to speak, though I desire to observe that upon all occasions both General Croxton and the officers and soldiers of his command conducted themselves in a manner becoming the high reputation which both he and they deservedly enjoy.

Early in the afternoon of the 24th, the infantry having arrived at Columbia, my troops were, by order of Brevet Major-General Wilson, withdrawn to the north side of Duck River and encamped directly opposite Columbia. I lay at this place until the evening of the 25th, picketing the river below Columbia sa far down as Williamsport, and sending scouts across the river above, in the direction of Lewisburg. On the 25th I removed Croxton's brigade to Caldwell's house, six miles above Columbia, on the road to raleigh [Rally] Hill. Capron's brigade, to which the Fifth Iowa had been temporarily assigned, was sent to take post on the Lewisburg pike at the crossing of Duck River, with instructions to scout toward Shelbyville and Lewisburg, and to picket the fords as far down as Huey's Mill. Croxton established a strong picket at Huey's Mill, which lay directly south of his camp, an also relieved the pickets from Capron's brigade at the fords below Columbia. In this position I lay until the 27th [28th]. On the morning of that day it became apparent, from the reports of my pickets, that the enemy were making preparations to force the passage of the river at Huey's Mill, at the Lewisburg pike, and at many intermediate fords. At 1 o'clock

