
charged mounted up the long slope to the ridge upon which the enemy's battery and dismounted men to in barricades were posted. The object of this charge was to capture this battery, or, at least, to disperse the supports and shoot down the horses before the guns could be moved, in which case I confidently anticipated the guns would fall into our hands, even though the charge should be repelled by a counter-charge. I never saw a charge more gallantly made or more persistently pressed than this. It failed only by few moments. Major Beeres, commanding, came upon a stone wall, over which he could not leap his horses. The delay necessary to pull it down sufficed for the enemy to limber up and move the guns, which they incontinently did, the cavalry which had been supporting them also mounting and riding away in haste. A few prisoners, however, fell into our hands. The enemy, retiring by the pike, made a second stand near Cochran's house, from which, however, Harrison hustled them with amusing celerity, and drove him rapidly to Davidson's house. Here, along the ridge beyond a little creek which empties into the Cumberland this side of Davidson's and opposite Bell's Mill, the enemy took up a strong position, his left resting upon the river and his line stretching some distance across the pike beyond it, and his dismounted men, strongly posted in barricades, which I suppose he had previously constructed with a view to such an emergency, commanded at close range all the crossings of the creek. Harrison's men, in the energy of his pursuit not observing, or at least not appreciating, the advantages of the enemy's position, attempted to follow the enemy's rear directly into his works, and in this too gallant effort one company of the Seventh Ohio was roughly handled, losing one man seriously wounded, and several captured, including Lieutenant Little, the commanding officer. Our advance being stayed by this repulse, the enemy opened a sharp fire from his battery, doing us, however, no damage. This continued until I brought up Lieutenant Smith with his battery, who taking position near the pike, soon closed out his rebel adversary. I had now accomplished the limit of the day's work assigned me, but these being still some hour or tow of daylight left, I was determined not to give the enemy rest if it could be avoided. Colonel Harrison reported, and my own observation justified his opinion, that the enemy's position was too strong to be carried by my small command, prisoners reporting Chalmers' whole division to be in our front. I had strong hopes, however, that if I could obtain the co-operation of General Croxton's brigade I might capture the enemy's guns, and, if he should make too determined a stand, perhaps a good part of his force. I was encouraged to think by an officer who came to me from General Croxton that the condition of things in his front might permit this, and I accordingly maneuvered my troops so as to attract the attention of the enemy to me, while Croxton, who was now along distance to my left and rear, should comply with request which I sent him to close up on my left and swing around so as to envelope the enemy's right and cut him off from the Charlotte pike, which here bears considerably to the south-that is, toward the enemy's right. In this way I hoped we might double him back upon the river, when I felt sure we should make short work of him. In the meantime I sent an officer to notify the commander of one of the gun-boats which lay in the river above my right that by dropping down to near Bell's Mills he might enfilade the rebel line; this information he speedily took advantage of and the tremendous discharges of his heavy guns contributed largely, I doubt not, to the

