
stop. Passing from my right over to the Columbia pike, I found Brigadier-General Knipe with his advance, which had followed my charge through the town. On conferring with him it was agreed that he should continue his advance by the Columbia pike, while I took the Carter's Creek pike to the right of this. Accordingly, I moved down the latter pike, three miles and a half, to Reams' house, and from there sent Harrison with the Fifth Iowa by a cross-road to strike the right of the enemy's rear guard, which I judged from the sound to be heavily engaged with General Knipe. The enemy retired so rapidly, however, that this attempt failed, and, Harrison returning, we bivouacked two regiments and artillery at Reams', the Fifth Iowa three miles farther from the pike. On the following morning, starting at 5 a. m., I moved down the Carter's Creek pike to----house, and from there by the dirt road east into Spring Hill, coming up here, as at Franklin, just in time to turn the enemy's flank and compel him to retire precipitately before the forces advancing down the main pike. Here, together with the Fifth and Seventh Divisions of the corps, I halted by order of Brevet Major-General Wilson to await rations, and on the day following I returned with my dismounted regiments to this place to remount them.

For the subsequent operations of Colonel Harrison's brigade I most respectfully refer to the report of that officer.

I will forward at an rally day a list of casualties, which cannot be furnished at this time for the want of the subreports.

i cannot close my report without expressing my deep regret that the corps commander should have ordered my two best regiments transferred to another division, while I received in their place one dismounted regiemtn, not distinguished for its efficiency.

The campaign, though short, called from great endurance on the part of officers and men; long, tedious marches in cold and constant rains were endured without a murmur, and it is a pleasure, as well as a duty, for me to report that both officers and men did their duty nobly.

To he energy and gallantry of Colonel thomas J. Harrison much of our success is due. No colonel in the army has a more brilliant record, and I hope he may receive his well-earned promotion at an early day. Colonel Israel GArrard, Lieutenant-Colonel Baird, and Major Beers deserve especial mention for their good conduct and able management of heir regiments.

To the officers of my staff my thanks are due. Captain E. T. Wells, assistant adjutant-general; Captain T. F. Allen, inspector; Captain J. J. Keesler, provost-marshal; Lieuts. L. T. Morris and W. R. Lowe, aides de-camp, and Lieutenant McKee, ordnance officer, were distinguish here, as on many other fields, for their devotion ot duty and gallantry in the discharge of the same. Chief Surgeon Train was always on hand, and through his energy and zeal or wounded were well and promptly attended to.

Respectfully submitted.

R. W. JOHNSTON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, commanding Division.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps.

