
Numbers 201. Report of Colonel Thomas J. Harrison, Eighth Indiana Cavalry, commanding First Brigade, of operations December 25, 1864.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SIXTH DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Near sugar Creek, Tenn., December 27, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the 25th instant this brigade had the advance in pursuit of the enemy, moving out of camp ten miles north of Pulaski at 5 a. m. The enemy's rear guard was struck about two miles from the camp, when active skirmishing commenced. The Fifth Iowa Cavalry was in advance, drove the enemy from every position, and when near Pulaski charged gallantly through the town, saving the covered bridge across Richland Creek, which the enemy had fired, and which he was attempting to hold with a heavy deployed a force along the creek, obliging the enemy to withdraw. Crossing the bridge I followed up the pursuit rapidly, dislodging the enemy from strong positions, until aching the head of a narrow gorge, some seven miles from Pulaski, where the enemy had taken position on a high hill behind strong barricades. His position was admirably selected, being hidden from view by heavy timber until within a few feet of it. Supposing that the enemy would retire from this position, as he had from others on a flank movement from us, I deployed the Seventh Ohio Cavalry on the right and the Sixteenth Illinois Cavalry, all dismounted. These regiments moved upon the enemy most gallantly, when suddenly he opened from a masked battery of three guns and charged over his works, in two lines of infantry with a column of cavalry, down the main road. Before this overpowering force my men were obliged to fall back about half a mile, when we checked the enemy, and, receiving support, drove him back.

I regret ot state that Company I, Fourth U. S. Artillery, were obliged to abandon one gun and limber at this time. The battery had been placed in position by General wilson's order. Their stand made by the enemy at this point was to save his train, as we had driven his rear guard sharp upon it. From prisoners I learn that this rear guard consisted of seven brigades of infantry and one division-Jackson's-of cavalry, allunder General Forrest. In the hasty evacuation of Pulaski train of five cars loaded with arms and ammunition, and it is reported he left near town two locomotives in good order. For six miles below Pulaski the road was strewn with abandoned artillery ammunition, and burning and abandoned wagons. I think he saved some twenty wagons entire.

We captured during the day 1 captain, 2 lieutenants, and some 50 or 60 men, also some 150 wounded at Pulaski.

Our casualties, mostly form the Fifth Iowa Cavalry, consisted of 3 killed, 18 wounded, and 5 missing. In charging the bridge at Pulaski the Fifth Iowa cavalry lost 3 killed an 3 wounded.

Brevet Major-General Wilson expressed himself much pleased with the operations of the brigade during the day. The officers and men of the brigade behaved admirably; they are men who can be relied upon.

T. J. HARRISON,Colonel, Commanidng Brigade.

Captain E. T. WELLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

