
Numbers 202. Report of Major J. Morris Young, Fifth Iowa Cavalry, of operations November 28, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH IOWA CAVALRY, Near nashville, Tenn., December 3, 1864.

I have the honor to report the following action of my regiment and others temporarily under my command during the evening and night of November 28, 1864:

The Fifth Iowa Cavalry, under my command, was disposed, by order of Colonel Capron, commanding the First Brigade of the Sixth division, cavalry Command, in different positions ont he north side of Duck River, above and below the crossing of the turnpike running from Franklin to Lewisburg, to guard the fords and prevent the enemy from crossing to this side, which was successfully performed in my command and front. At 5 p. m. my patrols and pickets reported the enemy in force in my rear and Colonel Capron, commanding the brigade, gone. Hastily withdrawing my regiment, except Company A, which wa posted for miles column on the pike, and was in the act of giving the command "forward," when the other regiments of the brigade, consisting of the Eighth Michigan, Fourteenth and Sixteenth Illinois, came in successively, much to my surprise, for I had supposed them gone out with Colonel Capron, and reported the enemy closing in in all directions.

I made the following disposition of my new forces as hastily as possible (see also plat attached*). The eight Michigan in line dismounted, tot he left of and perpendicular to the head of the Fifth Iowa column; the Sixteenth Illinois disposed in like manner on the right; the led horses of both regiments to follow up at a safe distance in their respective rears; the Fourteenth Illinois was placed in column of fours, to the left and rear of the Eighth Michigan and parallel to the Fifth Iowa, which was in column on the turnpike. The left was the most exposed to a counter charge by the enemy, who were known to be in heavy force on that flank. As soon as the enemy's fire was drawn the dismounted men were to immediately fall back, mount, and follow out the Fifth Iowa Cavalry, which was to go through with sabers. In given,"forward." In fifteen minutes more we struck the enemy in acted by Colonel Caapron. We received their fire and instantly sounded the "charge," riding them down and scattering them in all directions. At 10 p. m. I reported the brigade entire to Major-General Wilson.

In this charge, which was most gallantly executed, reflecting great credit on all the troops engaged, I do not think out entire loss, out of over 1,500 brought through safe, was more than thirty killed, wounded, and missing. Having been superseded in command immediately by Colonel Capron, who had preceded me some two hours, I have no means of ascertaining definitely our loss. The injury inflicted upon the enemy must have been considerable. The groans and cries of their wounded, as we rode, cut, or shot them down, could be heard distinctly above the noise and din of the charge.

Permit me to add in closing the fact of the growing confidence amongst our troops that good cavalry never can be captured.

J. MORRIS YOUNG,Major, Commanding Fifth Iowa Cavalry.

Captain E. T. WELLS, Asst. Adjt. General, Sixth Cavalry Division.

---------------

*See p. 605.

---------------

