
Numbers 203. Report of Colonel James Biddle, Sixth Indiana Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations December 15-21, 1864.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SIXTH DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Edgefield, tenn., December 24, 1864.

SIR: In accordance with directions from division headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Second Brigade in the recent campaign in Middle Tennessee:

The brigade broke camp at 3 a. m. on the 15th, and at 6 a. m. moved out on the Charlotte pike, as previously directed. After passing the outer lines of our works the command was formed in column of battalion to await further orders. At 8 a. m. orders having been received the brigade moved forward on the Charlotte, parallel with met by the enemy in force, with artillery posted on the west side of----Creek. Here hate brigade wa deployed, covering the road and closely supporting Colonel Harrrisons's (First) brigade. The battery atached to the division took position on the east side of the creek; the Second Brigade was brought up to support the battery. The enemy being dislodged from his position, the brigade moved forward some four Cavalry supported the artillery,a the Fourteenth Illinois Cavalry filling a gap between the mounted portion of he Sixth Division and the First Division, general Croxton. This gap was afterward closed by General Croxton moving to the right, when the fourteenth Illinois were withdrawn, and shortly afterward I ordered them to report ot Colonel Harrison to fill a gap in his line. On hate 16ht the brigade moved from the Charlotte pike to the Hardin pike, taking charge of the division trains, and holding the bridge across Harpeth River. On the 17th the brigade moved across the country to the crossing of the Harpeth River by the movement of the enemy in that direction. While there we captured a captain and 12 men. On the 18th we moved in the direction. While there we captured a captain and 12 men. On the 18th we moved in the direction of Franklin, on the east side of the river-not being able to cross owing to high water-and camped there. On the 19th moved to Franklin, where orders were received ot move to Nashville, via Nashville and Franklin pike, where the command arrived December 21, 1864.

The men suffered severely owing to constant rains and the bad condition of the roads, they being unaccustomed ot marching, from which cause I was not able to reach the enemy after the first day.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JAS. BIDDLE,

Colonel Sixth Indiana Cavalry, Commanding Brigade.

Captain E. T. WELLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 204. Report of Bvt. Brigadier General John H. Hammond, commanding First Brigade, Seventh Division, of operations December 15-27, 1864.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SEVENTH DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, Camp Near Sugar Creek, Tenn., December 27, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, that my command left Nashville on the afternoon of December 15, and encamped near the

