
Granny White pike. On the 16th retired to Hillsborough pike, where the Ninth Indiana was sent to support of the Fourteenth Ohio Battery in an attack on the front and right. About noon moved ot the Granny White pike, and crossing it occupied a hill on our extreme right, and well on the left flank of the enemy. In this the Tenth Indiana did some fighting and lost killed and wounded. Our position maintained with considerable fighting, in which the whole brigade participated, until about 5 p. m., when, under orders form General Knipe, a line was formed and a charge made on our right, not finding any enemy. On the 17th, at daybreak, the brigade moved ot the Franklin pike, the Nineteenth Pennsylvania in advance, and engaged the enemy, driving him in confusion, and taking prisoners, to Hollow Tree Gap, six miles from Franklin. Seeing the strength of the position and finding or men falling back in some confusion, I moved with what men I could collect to the left, by a pass leading to the enemy's rear, and sent several messengers to General Knipe, informing him of this and asking him to make a show in front and send em what force he could spare. I reached a strong position in the enemy's rear, but no re-enforcement arriving was compelled o return. Part of the Tenth Indiana Cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Gresham, captured in this movement 2 flags, 2 colonels, 2 lieutenant-colonels, 1 major, a number of line officers, and 110 enlisted men, mostly Louisiana troops. On returning I found that General Knipe had been repulsed in an attack on the gap, losing 22 killed and wounded and 63 captured from the Tenth Indiana and Nineteenth Pennsylvania. The enemy having retreated we followed rapidly, the Ninth Indiana in advance,e to near Franklin, an drove the enemy across the rive into the town, capturing, it is reported, 2 stand of colors and near 200 prisoners. In this charge we lost three fine officers, among whom was Captain Hobson, Ninth Indiana Cavalry, a man remarkable for the prompt discharge of his duties and his bravery. He is a great loss to the service. The Ninth Indiana was supported by the Tenth Indiana and Fourth Tennessee, but the first regiment deserves the principal credit of the charge and success. General Hatch's command arriving soon after, the Fourth Tennessee was pushed over the river and through the town, gaining a position in the enemy's rear. Being joined by the remainder of the brigade we moved first to the Lewisburg and then ot the Franklin pike, and about 4 p. m. engaged the enemy on the right of General Hatch's division. Soon after, under orders form General Wilson, the command moved ont eh enemy's left, ada just after dark attacked in the rear on the pike. At first successful, we inflicted heavy loss and took many prisoners, but in the darkness part of the command mistook the road, and the enemy, abandoning his artillery, brought his infantry up, and we were compelled to retire. In this attack the Tenth Indiana led and was supported by the Ninth Indiana. Both suffered, but are repaid in the knowledge that this attack caused the abandonment of four cannon by the enemy.

On the 18th the command moved through fields to near Spring Hill; on the 19th, to Rutherford's Creek; on the 23rd crossed Duck River; 24th marched through fields on the right of General Croxton; 25th, moved on the right, and was ordered to support Colonel Harrison in an attack on Anthony's Hill. The Seventh Ohio Cavalry breaking to the rear, cut my column in two jus as the Fourth Tennessee, my regiment in advance, had successfully gone into action, driving the enemy into his works; and the enemy was for a time between my led horses and the remain-

