
der of the command. I was obliged to withdraw the Fourth Tennessee to save the horses. When remounted, being joined by part of the Second Tennessee, we attacked the enemy in flak and drove him into his works against, holding the position until ordered away. The remainder of the brigade went into action by order of General Wilson and attacked along with General Hatch's division. The Fourth Tennessee reached the enemy's [works] in time to see him in retreat. The next morning, moving in pursuit at a rapid pace, the Second Tennessee, Lieutenant-Colonel Cook commanding, in advance, we drove the enemy out of his position five miles from Anthony's Hill,a nd pushed the rear guard back on the main body, posted in a strong position on the south bank of Sugar Creek. A spirited action followed, in which the Second Tennessee, supported by the Fourth, drove the enemy into his works. A charge was made in turn by two columns of infantry, with cavalry in the center, driving us back about 300 yards across the creek, where we rallied and drove them back to their works, holding the position until the afternoon, when the Fourteenth Ohio Battery shelled their rear guard out of log-work commanding the road, and pursuit was continued to this place.

During this campaign I have had continual occasion to admire the bravery of both officers and men, and to lament want of discipline. The brigade is composed of detachments of regiments unacquainted with each other, but has exhibited evidence of material for a fine command. The personal bravery of Captain Smith, Nineteenth Pennsylvania; Lieutenant Claiborn, Tenth Indiana, and Lieutenant Owings, Ninth Indiana, I have had opportunities of noticing, and, although many are no doubt as deserving as they, I can attention to them from personal observation.

The regiments claim as follows: Ninth Indiana, 4 commissioned officers, 263 enlisted men prisoners, and 2 colors; Tenth Indiana, 15 officers, and 185 enlisted men, 2 colors; Second Tennessee, 2 officers and 18 enlisted men; Fourth Tennessee, 30 enlisted men prisoners; Nineteenth Pennsylvania, 242 enlisted men prisoners and 1 color. Captain Huston, division provost-marshal, having received everything captured until December 18, can judge as to the strength of these claims.

For casualties, see the report of Doctor Culbertson, brigade surgeon, already forwarded, on which I prefer to rely, as his report embraces only those disabled; regimental reports show all hurt.

Prisoners captured since December 18, 25, turned over by Captain Huyett, provost-marshal, to Major Young, provost-marshal of the corps.

My acting assistant adjutant-general, Lieutenant Payne, Ninth Indiana, and Lieutenant Branham, Tenth Indiana, and Lieutenant Alle, Nineteenth Pennsylvania, showed great energy and bravery. Payne and Branham have been very bold in action, and Lieutenant Allen captured a color, received from him by General Knipe.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. M HAMMOND,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

Captain FRANK REEDER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

