
Numbers 205. Report of Major Thomas G. Williamson, Tenth Indiana Cavalry, of operations December 28, 1864-January 6, 1865.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH INDIANA VOLUNTEER CAVALRY, Near Waterloo, Ala., January 14, 1865

LIEUTENANT: In accordance with orders received, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the detachment of the Tenth Indiana Volunteer Cavalry under my command in the raid south of Decatur, Ala., from December 28, 1864, to January 6, inclusive, the detachment being at this time in a brigade, composed of Tenth Indiana, Second Tennessee, and Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, under the immediate command of Lieutenant-Colonel Prosser, Second Tennessee Cavalry.

On the 28th we marched form Decatur south on the Decatur and Courtland orad, going into camp eight miles south of Decatur. On the 29th we overtook the rear of General Roddey's command, charging them for about six miles, capturing 30 prisoners, killing 2 and wounding 3 of the enemy. We wnt into camp two miles from Courtland, Ala. On the 30th of December we marched through Courtland to Leighton, on the Memphis and Cahrleston Railroad. Here we captyured 3 prisoners. We camped at Leighton that night. On December 31 we marched toward jRussellville, leaving La Grange to the left. Nerar Russellville we killed 1 man, captured 1 lieutenatn and 6 men. We then marched on through Russellville,a nd at 8 p. m. we attacked Hood's pontoon train, consisting of eighty pontons, also forty-five wagons loaded with cordage, equipments, forges, &amp;c. We burned and destroyed the entire train and teams.

On January 1, 1865, we moved at daylight and marched on a trot all day, continued the march at night, and at 2 a. m., when we overtook and charged another wagon train, capturing and destroying the wagons by fire and killing the mules, about 500 in number, dismounted men taking some of the best mules to ride. The train consisted of about 125 wagons (this was Hood's supply train.) On the 2nd of January we marched back toward Decatur, Ala., meeting no enemy this day, going over the mountain roads that I do not know the names of. On the 4th of January we overtook and attacked Colonel Russell, commanding the Fifth [Fourth] Alabama Cavalry, capturing his entire train, also about 30 prisoners, killing 3 of the enemy and wounding about 20; we also captured and burned General Roddey's headquarters papers. We lost here in this charge 1 killed and 1 wounded. Traveling all night, we stopped to rest at daylight, going into camp near Leighton. On the 5th we went to within twenty miles of Decatur, and on the 6th at sundown we arrived at Decatur. Our march was from Decatur to within thirty miles of Aberdeen, Miss., about three miles from the line.

In submitting this report I will respectfully call your attention to the conduct of Capts. William Mead and George R. Mitchell and their companies, D and H. They are deserving of great praise for the manner in which they conducted themselves during the entire raid.

Respectfully submitted.

THOS. G. WILLIAMSON,Major, Commanding Tenth Indiana Volunteer Cavalry.

Lieutenant W. H. WHITWORTH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

39 R R-VOL XLV, PT I

