
to the support of the First Brigade, which was engaging the enemy in the front. Owing to the extreme roughness of the ground, rocks, jagged and detached, being covered at intervals by brush and logs, I was forced to march very slowly, and for a distance by right of companies, tot he front. When we had nearly approached the position I was ordered to occupy in rear of the First Brigade, and at about 200 yards distance, I was ordered to throw the One hundred and seventy-seventy Ohio Volunteer Infantry to the right, forming its line perpendicular to the line already formed, in order to prevent a flanking movement on the part of the enemy, who were evidently intending to get into our rear. This regiment threw out two companies to deploy along its front as skirmishers. Sharp firing along the line showed that the general had not been mistaken in supposing it necessary to protect the right flank. Major-General Milroy took the One hundred and seventy-eight Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and, marching it left in front, led it to the extreme left and conducted it personally into battle. Of the action of this regiment I am unable to speak thereafter, but have no question as to its gallantry, as the almost reckless daring of the general cannot be other than infectious. The Twelfth Indiana Cavalry was pushed forward on the right of the pike over a cotton-field, where it lay under a hot musketry fire till it was ordered forward into the woods as the enemy retired. At this juncture I ordered forward the One hundred and seventy-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, the firing having ceased on the right flank. I formed it in line parallel to the lines in front, and received orders to hold it there while the Twelfth Indiana Cavalry was ordered to the extreme front, though too late to participate in actual conflict there, the enemy having retired. On our return to the fortress the Twelfth Indiana Cavalry brought up the rear.

The casualties in my command were happily few, as it was held almost entirely in reserve. I take pleasure in testifying tot he bravery of these troops, nearly all brought in this engagement for the first time under the enemy's fire, and here, in a position most trying to any soldier, obliged to take the enemy's shots and unable to enjoy either the satisfaction or the excitement of returning their fire. No one, however, would be surprised that troops would stand gallantly under fire, as they could all the time see the general they loved in the fore front of battle, where the bullets were flying most thickly. These troops would follow General Milroy wherever he might lead. Where nearly every officer was brave it would be useless o attempt allusion to individual instances. My confidence in officers and men is unbounded.

I report the following casualties in the three regiments under my immediate command and the other troops that report through me: Twelfth Indiana Cavalry, killed, 1 private; wounded, 1 officer (Captain Sherwood, Company E, severely in the leg), 10 privates. One hundred and seventy-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, wounded, 4 privates. One hundred and seventy-eight Ohio Volunteer Infantry, wounded, 2 privates. Fifth Tennessee Cavalry (Colonel w. J. Clift), wounded, 2 privates. Thirteenth New York Battery (Captain Henry Budny), wounded, 4 privates. Total, killed, 1 private; wounded, 1 officer and 22 enlisted men.

I have the honor to respectfully submit the foregoing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD ANDERSON,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Major JOHN. O. CRAVENS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

