
Numbers 207. Report of Captain Major D. Williams, Twelfth Indiana Cavalry, of operations November 17, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS POST, WHITESBURG, November 21, 1863\4.

GENERAL: In compliance with orders form Colonel Lyon, dated at Huntsville, November 15, 1864, I have the honor to make the following report:

Marched from this place on the 16th instant, with forty men of the Twelfth Indiana Cavalry-eighteen from Company D, the remainder from my own company-to Huntsville, where I received a re-enforcement of two commissioned officers and forty men of the Thirteenth Indiana Cavalry. From thence we marched to Brownsborough, Ala., where we arrived at sunset, and were joined by thirty men of Company H of the Twelfth Indiana Cavalry, under command of Captain Da Huff, thirty men of the Eleventh Indiana Cavalry, under command of Captain given, and 250 men of the Fourth Michigan Infantry, under command of Colonel Hall. We remained at Brownsborough until 3 a. m. of the 17th, when, under command of Colonel Hall, we marched in the direction of New Market. When two miles out, and at the small town of Maysville, our advance met rebel pickets and drove them back. After marching six miles farther, and at about 7 a. m., we halted, breakfasted, and fed our horses, after which we started in pursuit of the enemy, meeting them, under command of Russell, Johnson, and Mead, supposed to be 500 strong, all mounted and in line of battle, which we soon broke, driving them forms ear ground in confusion, our men pursuing them. We followed them until night, driving them nine miles, they rallying five times, but were handsomely repulsed and driven back each time. Night coming on, and our horses and men being considerably fatigued, we ceased fighting in the vicinity of New market, and encamped at that place for the night. The enemy is known to have lost 9 in killed and 3 wounded, while we los not a man. On the morning of the 18th we countermarched to Brownsborough and being unwell myself, by permission form Colonel Hall, I returned to Huntsville, leaving my command. At 3 a. m. of the following day the railroad track was torn up six miles east of Brownsborough, and the command sent in pursuit of the marauders, the result of which will be otherwise reported.

The conduct of Colonel Hall and all the remaining officers and men is worthy of commendation.

I am, general, with profound respect, your obedient servant,MAJOR D. WILLIAMS,

Captain Company C, 12th Indiana Cav., Commanding Cavalry Forces.

Brigadier-General GRANGER,

Commanding District of Northern Alabama.

Numbers 208. Reports of Major General Lovell H. Rousseau, U. S. Army, commanding District of Tennessee, of operations December 4-12, 1864.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., December 8, 1864-12 m.

GENERAL: I beg leave to report that everything is in first-rate condition here. The railroad south of this is believed to be uninjured, as

