
I heard from General Granger on Monday last by telegram and he was all right at Stevenson, having had great difficulty form high water in reaching there, going but eight miles a day for three days. The wires in that direction were cut at 4 p. m. on that day, and I have not heard form him since.

Perhaps you have not heard of the enemy's loss of generals at the battle of Franklin; I have it definitely from prisoners; it is this; Killed, Major-General Cleburne, Brigadier-General gist, Brigadier-General Strahl, Brigadier-General Adams, Brigadier-General Carter, Brigadier-General Granbury, and three others wounded. It is reported by citizens her that Bate was killed on yesterday, and I think the report very probably true.

I shall ask leave to make a more detailed report, calling attention, amongst other matters, to the deportment, of individual officers and men.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

]LOVELL H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TENNESSEE, Murfreesborough, December 12, 1864.

Dispatches form General Thomas of the 5th and 8th instant received last night. Railroad train to Stavenson of supplies will take this dispatch ot be forwarded. Wires down between this and Stevenson. On the 8th instant I despatched by courier by way of Gallatin reporting operations her on the 4th instant. The enemy attacked the block-house at Overall's Creek, fired seventy-four shots, doing no damage. I sent three regiments, under General Milroy, ot its relief. The enemy (Bates' division) were routed and driven off. We took some prisoners, near thirty, but no guns. Loss of the enemy unknown, as night closed in before the fight was over. Our troops, new and old, behaved admirably. We withdrew at night. The next evening Bate returned, skirmished with and drove in our pickets, and threatened the fortress; pretty heavy skirmishing till the 7th, when the enemy moved around on the Wilkinson pike, northwest of the fortress. He was re-enforced by Forrest with 2,500 cavalry and two division of infantry. On the evening of the 6th he made a breast-work of logs and rails on Wilkinson's pike, from which he was driven on the 7th by General Milroy with seven regiments of the garrison here; a pretty severe engagement, lasting perhaps three-quarters of an hour. The rout was complete, infantry and cavalry running in every direction. The fight was well conducted by Major-General Milroy, and the troops behaved most gallantly. We took 207 prisoners, including 18 commissioned placed in position in the fortifications, and 1 stand of colors belongall's Creek was 5 killed and 49 wounded, and on wilkinson's pike more fully in my dispatch of the 8th, which may not have reached you.

I am subsisting off the country, which I think I can do. Before the fight on the Wilkinson pike, Buford's division of cavalry took possession of about one-half of the town of Murfreesborough, shelling it vigorously and

