
rendering my movements invisible, I directed Colonel Johnson to cross the bridge, pass through an opening in the line of the One hundred and seventy-fourth Ohio, charge the battery and take it if possible. The colonel moved forward on the enemy in the most splendid and impretous style, but finding the battery strongly supported by infantry he turned na passed off to the right. I then moved forward the rolling fire upon the enemy, capturing a number of prisoners who dared not to arise from the ground to run away amid a sheet of lead. From these prisoners I learned that the force confronting me consisted of General Bate's division of infantry.

It being now quite dark, and the enemy having been driven back near eighty rods and ceased firing, and the Eighth Minnesota not having found a crossing, I with drew the One hundred and seventy-fourth of the creek. These regiments withdrew in the most perfect order, bringing off their dead, wounded, and prisoners. The Thirteenth Indiana Cavalry also returned to the bridge and crossed to the south bank of the creek. These regiments withdrew the One hundred and seventy-fourth of the creek. These regiments withdrew in the most perfect order, bringing off tier dead, wounded, and prisoners. Their Thirteenth Indiana Cavalry also returned tot he bridge and crossed tot he south side up in line on the south bank of the creek and kindled fires the whole length, and waited till 9 p. m., when, not hearing of the enemy, I moved back to the fortress.

The Eighth Minnesota, being a veteran regiment of long and true service, would of course have done efficient service could they have found a crossing at the block-house; the Sixty-first Illinois, being also well sustained their reputation as veterans. But the One hundred time under fire since its organization I was most agreeably surprised at the promptness, steadiness, and bravery they evinced; no veterans could have behaved better in action, but this I discovered (as I have in every other instance where I have found an efficient and reliable regiment) is owing to the energy, bravery,a nd efficiency of its colonel.

My staff-Major Cravens, Captain Carson, Captain wilkinson, Lieutenant Worthington, and Lieutenatn Frowe-well deserve and have my thanks for the assistance rendered; also Captain J. G. Mohler, of the One hundred and fifteenth Regiment Ohio Veteran Infantry, who volunteered his services on the field and rendered himself very useful to me. major Cravens and Lieutenant Worthington both had their horses shot under them. My thanks are also due Surgeon (Major) Birney, who volunteered as medical director, and rendered very valuable service in care of the wounded.

I captured 20 prisoners. My killed, wounded, and missing amount to 64-the Thirteenth Indiana Cavalry yet to hear from. I have no means of knowing the loss of the enemy, who fell back five miles that night; some 8 or 10 dead were counted on the field.

Inclosed I send copies of reports received from regimental commanders, giving names of killed, wounded, and missing.

I have the honor ot be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General of Volunteers.

Major General LOVELL H. ROUSSAEAU,

Commanidng District of Tennessee.

