
My total loss in killed and wounded amounts (as per inclosed reports) to 208, of whom 22 were killed. I have no means of arriving at a knowledge of the loss of the enemy, but from the number of dead and wounded observed ont eh field it must have been greater than mine. Among their dead on the field were observed two lieutenant-colonels. We captured and brought in 1197 prisoners, among whom 21 were commissioned officers. Forty-three different regiments are represented by the prisoners. The enemy were commanded by General Forrest and Bate, and about 5,000 strong.

I am much indebted to the gentleman of my staff for their prompt, gallant, and efficient assistance throughout the day; and I avail myself of this opportunity to tender ot the major-general commanding kindness in affording me the two late opportunities of wiping out to some extent the foul and mortifying stigma of a most infamously unjust arrest, by which I have for near eighteen months been thrown out of the ring of active, honorable, and desirable service.

I have the honor ot be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.

Major General L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Commanding District of Tennessee.

Numbers 210. Report of Colonel Minor T. Thomas, Eighth Minnesota Infantry, commanding Independent Brigade, of operations December 7, 1864.

HEADQUARTERS INDEPENDENT BRIGADE, Fortress Rosecrans, Tenn., December 8, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Independent Brigade in the engagement of the 7th instant on the wilkinson pike, near Stone's River:

In moving round the fortress the enemy was first discovered in force about one mile left of the Wilkinson pike and two miles from the southwest confer of the fortress. Two sections of artillery, one of Twelfth Ohio and one of the Thirteenth New York Batteries, were placed in position and engaged the enemy with spirit, and showed him to be well posted and in strong force. Having but a limited amount of artillery ammunition (fifty rounds per piece), the brigade was moved by the right flank until the Eighth Minnesota Regiment had crossed the Wilkinson pike, when it was forme in line of battle to the front, with its left resting on the pike, One hundred and eighty-first Ohio on the left of the pike, na done hundred and seventy-fourth Ohio on the left of it, the Sixty-first Illinois being deployed in front as skirmishers. An advance was immediately made of several hundred yards, when an interval appeared in the skirmish line. Two companies of the One hundred and eighty-first Ohio were thrown forward to strengthen it, and the line being corrected the brigade again advanced in doublequick time until the enemy's skirmishers were driven about one mile. This advance wa made, forcing back a heavy line of skirmishers, and under a heavy fire of artillery, without much loss, until we had advanced to the center of an old cotton field, when e were confronted by the enemy in the timber beyond the field, well covered either by woods or rifle-pits. At this point the firing form both sides was furious and very destructive. After an incessant fire for ten or fifteen minutes, a

