
the train laden with supplies for this garrison. We arrived at Stevenson on 13th with but little difficulty, and after having procured the supplies required we started for Murfreesborough early on the morning of the 14th. The train was delayed at the Cumberland Mountains in consequence of being unable to ascend the grade, but we finally succeeded in crossing and reached Bell Buckle about dark in the evening, where we received intimation of an enemy in our front. About 2 o'clock at night we were fired into at or near Christina, and upon being informed by the conductor that he could not run the train back we immediately debarked, formed a line so as to protect the train, and moved on, repairing the road as we came, but our progress was necessarily very slow, from the fact that the enemy had cut the road in various places. Here allow me to state that while in this condition we dispatched a messenger to General Rousseau to notify him of our situation and asking for re-enforcement. Fighting continued by the enemy, at which time we were entirely surrounded by the enemy, with the road cut in our front and rear. Soon after daylight the enemy dismounted and charged our line, but they were handsomely repulsed, with considerable loss in killed and wounded. They then brought their artillery into action,w which soon convinced us that we could not hold the train against such fearful odds. Consequently, about 8 o'clock, the colonel, 1 captain, 2 lieutenants, and 81 enlisted men belonging to the Sixty-first were captured, together with the entire portion of the First Michigan Engineers, including the lieutenatn in charge.

In justice tot he First Michigan Engineers allow me to say that they behaved themselves with firmness, and during the engagement they fought like veterans; also that thirty of Twelfth Indiana Cavalry, who returned with us form Stevenson, were promptly on hand for any duty required; the larger portion of them were also captured.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. B. NULTON,

Major Sixty-first Illinois Infantry, Commanding Regiment.

Captain E. A. OTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 212. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Daniel Grass, Sixty-first Illinois Infantry, of operations December 4 and 7, 1864.
HDQRS. SIXTY-FIRST ILLINOIS INFANTRY VETERAN VOLS., Murfreesborough, Tenn., December 5, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to forward the following report of casualties in my command during the engagement with the enemy at Overall's Creek on yesterday, the 4th instant, viz.:*

Four prisoners were captured by my command, and were left at the guard-house last night near General Van Cleve's headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,DANIEL GRASS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Major JOHN O. CRAVENS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 officer killed and 9 men wounded.

---------------

