HDQRS. SIXTY-FIRST ILLINOIS INFANTRY VETERAN VOLS., Murfreesborough, Tenn., December 8, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my command in the engagement near Stone's River yesterday, the 7th instant:

My command, numbering 13 officers and 174 enlisted men, were deployed as skirmishers, and were kept on the skirmish line during the entire engagement. The casualties were as follows.*

There are no men missing from my command. Forty-five prisoners were taken by my command the engagement and sent to the rear.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,DANIEL GRASS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiemtn.

Colonel M. T. THOMAS,

Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 213. Report of Colonel Minor T. Thomas, Eighth Minnesota Infantry, of operations December 4, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH MINNESOTA VOLUNTEERS, Fortress Rosecrans, Tenn., December 5, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Eight Minnesota Volunteers in the engagement at Overall's Creek on the evening of the 4th instant:

The first position was to the right, with the left resting near the brick house on the right of the pike road. I wa then ordered ot move by the right flank in the direction of the block-house on the railroad, following and supporting a line of skirmishers from the Sixty-first Illinois. When within fifty yards of the block-house halted and formed line of battle. The enemy in front were sharpshooters, posted in a house. After remaining in this position for a short time, and being annoyed by the sharpshooters and shell from the enemy, I first moved down two companies to the right of the block-house, and, by opening fire, drove the sharpshooters from cover, and was in the act of opening intervening space, which compelled me to debase na move down the whole force. When in this position we were subjected to the fire of the orders permitting me to go no farther, I remained in this position until ordered to retire, which was done, first was done, first to the first position on the field, and at 9 p. m. marched to the fortress.

The only casualties were Private Dominick Barney, Company H, wounded in the head severely (left at block-house); Private John Payne, slightly, Company A.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,M. T. THOMAS,

Colonel Eighth Minnesota Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

Major JOHN O. CRAVBENS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 man killed and 2 officers and 12 men wounded.

---------------

