
Numbers 214. Report of Major George A. Camp, Eighth Minnesota Infantry, of operations December 7, 1864.
HDQRS. EIGHTH REGIMENT MINNESOTA VOLUNTEERS, Fortress Rosecrans, December 8, 1864.

COLONEL: In obedience to your orders, I have the honor to report that my regiment was formed on the right of the brigade, the left resting on the Wilkinson pike, near Stone's River, by Lieutenant-Colonel Rogers, from which point we advanced in line of battle on the right or said road, meeting with but little resistance, the enemy retiring as we advanced in the center of a cotton field, where we found a large force of the enemy in the woods in front of our line, and we were exposed to a severe fire of the enemy in front, and upon the right of the regiment a flanking fire for about twenty minutes, and until a charge was made by the whole line, when we advanced, driving the enemy from their cover and pressing them for upward of half a mile. Lieutenant-Colonel Rogers having been wounded at the commencement of this charge, I assumed command and followed the enemy until they were completely routed, when, finding that my regiment had become detached from the center and in advance of it, I halted and reformed it, and moved by your order by the left flank until my left rested on the center, which had advanced on a line with the front of my regiment, which position I retained until withdrawn by your order. During the charge, Companies C an K, on my left, opened a severe fire on the enemy's battery in front of the center of our line of battle, killing the enemy's horses, which they attempted to replace with others, but were driven back, and their horses killed or disabled by the fire of my men. The number of my regiment engaged were 2 field, 3 staff, and 24 line officers, and 515 enlisted men.

The casualties of my regiment during the fight were: Lieutenant-Colonel Rogers, wounded in the right arm severely; Captain Brookins, Company E, wounded in the side; Lieutenant Fowler, Company F, wounded in the right hand and shoulder; 13 enlisted men killed and 77 wounded; missing, none. A full report is herewith submitted. The enemy's loss must have been much greater in killed than our, s there were not less than 20 of their dead in the space passed over by my regiment while charging through the timber. My regiment took at least 55 prisoners, and sent them to the rear.

Respectfully submitted.

G. A. CAMP,Major Eighth Minnesota Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel M. T. THOMAS, Eighth Minnesota volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH MINNESOTA VOLUNTEERS, Fortress Rosecrans, Tenn., December 8, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following list of killed and wounded in the Eighth Minnesota Volunteers in the engagement of yesterday.*

Respectfully submitted.

G. A. CAMP,Major Eighth Minnesota Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel M. T. THOMAS, Eighth Minnesota Volunteers.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 13 men killed and 3 officers and 74 wounded.

---------------

