
mand passed, their loss must have been severe. Among those left by them was one commissioned officer. All the killed and wounded of my command were brought from the field.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN S. JONES,

Colonel, Commanding 174th Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

[Major JOHN O. CRAVENS.]

HEADQUARTERS 174TH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Murfreesborough, Tenn., December 8, 1864.

COLONEL: In obedience ot orders, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the engagement with the enemy on wilkinson's pike, on December 7, 1864:

In obedience to orders, my command moved out on the Salem pike, crossed Stone's River bridge, and, by direction, formed in double column, at half distance, "in the field tot he left of the line of battle." Remained in this position until the receipt of orders to move by the right flank. On reaching the woods I deployed my command into line, it being difficult to move through the woods in double column. On reaching the hill, where we were opened upon by the enemy's guns, my command was formed in line of battle in the edge of the woods to the left of our artillery. I threw skirmishers well to the front in the corn-field and in a skirt of timber to my left, with a view of picking off the enemy's cannoneers. Remainder in this position until received orders to move to the right. In the execution of this movement I wa directed by the general commanding to move in line "faced tot he rear," and then by the left flank, in order that the rising ground in our front might conceal the movement to the right form the enemy. In the formation of the line of battle near the pike my command formed the left center of the brigade. One company (Company E, Captain George Campbell) was thrown out as skirmishers, and we advanced directly against the enemy across an open field, driving his skirmish-line from their defenses back into the breast-works in the woods. On discovering their main line of works we moved immediately forward and carried them by storm, capturing at this point 1 stand of colors, 8 commissioned officers, and 52 enlisted men. My command moved forward, capturing a large number of prisoners and the two pieces of artillery on the pike in the rear of the enemy's works. We advanced our line beyond the white house, driving back, the battery that was shelling our line from the opposite side of the field.

It being reported to me that the enemy were making an attempt to turn our left flank by advancing through the woods to our left, I immediately moved my command to the left, forming the line in the edge of the timber, with the view of checking any movement of the enemy that might be made from that might be made from that direction. By the direction of the general commanding we remained in this position until he could advance the line on our right. By his order I took command of the hold the position until further orders. When the right was brought forward to the line I received orders from the general commanidng to move my command by the right flank until my right reached the left of the right wing, and then sweep down by the left flank across the open field in my front. I was in the execution of this movement when the order to return to Murfreesborough was received

40 R R-VO. XLV, PT I

