
My command behaved in the most gallant manner. My major, B. C. G. Reed, was shot dead from his horse while charging the enemy's works. He was an excellent officer, possessing most chivalrous and daring courage, and fell gloriously while waving his sword beckoning the line forward. My lieutenant-colonel, A. J. Sterling,a nd my adjutant, Harry M. Dean, rode gallantly rough the action, and did everything that men could do in cheering forward the line.

I cannot say too much in praise of my line officers. Captain Robb, Company C, and Lieutenants Rigby and white, Company A, were charge on the enemy's works. One of my color bearers, Sergt. Joseph E. Crow, Company I, was severely wounded in the same charge. To Captain Beatty, Company A, to whose company is due the honor of capturing the stand of colors; Captain Cole, Company B; Captain Robb, Company C; Captain Combs, Company D; Captain George Campbell, Company E, whose company led the advance as skirmishers; Lieutenant Price, commanding company F; Captain Evans, Company G; Captain Basiger, Company H; Captain Garrett, Company I, and Captain McPeek, Company K, special thanks are due for the admirable manner in which they handled their companies during the action. These officers and also their subordinates were conspicuous for their gallantry throughout the entire engagement. I desire to make special mention of first Sergt. William F. Wallace, Company A, to whom the officer commanding the rebel color company delivered up his sword, and who also secured the colors.

On receiving orders to return to Murfreesborough we brought from the field all our dead and wounded, also the wounded of the enemy who were left on the field.

The following is a list of casualties in my command.*

Recapitulation: Commissioned officers-killed, 1; wounded, 5. Enlisted men-killed, 5; wounded, 33. Total killed and wounded, 44. Two horse were wounded in my command (Major Reed's and my own) so severely as to be worthless.

The loss of the enemy was heavy; he left in our immediate front not less than 30 dead nd many wounded; among the number mortally wounded was one lieutenant-colonel.

The following is the list of captures: 1 stand of colors; 2 cannon; 60 prisoners, 8 or whom were commissioned officers. A large number of prisoners not included in the above were captured, disarmed, and sent to the rear, there being neither time nor tenn to spare to collect them in a body guard them to them to the fortress.

The number of my command engaged was: Commissioned officers, 20; enlisted men, 555. Number of the enemy not known, but, judging form their lines and reports of prisoners captured, their number must have been much greater than our own.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN. S. JONES,

Colonel, Commanding 174th Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

[Colonel M. T. THOMAS.]

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

