
Numbers 216. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John O'Dowd, One hundred and eighty-first Ohio infantry, of operations December 7, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS 181ST OHIO VOLUNTEERS INFANTRY, Fortress Rosecrans, Tenn., December 8, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the part taken by my command in the engagement of the 7th.

My regiment was formed west of the Wilinson pike, with the Eighth on my left. I advanced my command on the double-quick about 300 yards, driving the enemy's dkirmishers in confusion, and capturing three prisoners. I halated my command for a few mometns to form and send forward my skirmishers, encountering the enemy in heavy force in my fornt. I reported the same to General Milroy. I was immediately ordered to advance through the cornfield. I dorve the enemy from the edge of the woods. I halted to form, and found the enemy in my front, occupying a hastily constructed rifle-pit. I charged these works and captured them, killing Colonel Weaver nad caputring 2 commisoned officers and 33 men. I formed my command immediately, executing in a northwesterly direction with the intention of capturing a section of artillery that was to my right and rear. The enemy, seeing this movement, commenced falling back as I advanced. My men shot the artillery horses and captured two guns. the enemy's loss in my front will not exceed 25 or 30 killed and wounded.

The following are the number of killed, wounded, and missing in my command: 1 commissioned officer wounded, 1 enlisted man killed and 33 wounded; aggregate, 35; number of men engaged, 540.

JOHN O'DOWD,Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding 181st Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

[Colonel M. T. THOMAS.]

Numbers 217. Report of Captain Frank Jackson, Twelfth Battery, Ohio Light Artillery, of operations December 7, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH OHIO BATTERY, Murfreesborough, Tenn., December 8, 1864.

I have the honor to respectfully report:

I had two pieces of artillery (our 12-pounded field howitzer and 6-pounder smooth-bore field gun), under command of Second Lieutenant joseph Billings, of my battery, in the actin of yesterday, the 7th instant. He took position on the left of Wilkinson's pike, and there engaged the enemy with good effect until ordered to retire for want of ammunition. I had one man wounded in head at this place. No other accent or casualties. I have no positive means of knowing the exact amount of damage done to the enemy, but, judging from the close proximity our shells exploded to his position, I think his casualties must have been heavy. The section was soon after ordered tot he fortress to get full supply of ammunition, and when returning to the field of action was ordered by major-General Rousseau to its quarters.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,FRANK JACKSON,

Captain, Commanding Twelfth Ohio Independent Battery.

Colonel M. T. THOMAS,

Eight Minnesota Volunteers, Commanding Independent Brigade.

