
Numbers 218. Report of Colonel Arthur T. Wilcox, One hundred and seventy-seventh Ohio Infantry, of operations December 7, 1864.

I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and seventy-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the action of December 7, 1864, near Murfreesborough, Tenn:

In obedience ot orders from Major-General Rosecrans at 8 a. m. on the 7th instant, joined brigade, marched out on Salem pike two miles and a half; from there moved in a northerly direction about one mile a half; from there moved in a northerly direction about one mile and a half, when we were suddenly opened upon by the enemy's artillery. The regiment was ordered by the colonel commanding brigade to support three guns of the Thirteenth New York Battery. Formed my line in rear of the said battery and remained there until the enemy's fire ceased; had four men wounded. The men are deserving of much credit for their coolness, this being the first time the regiment was under fire. We then moved by the right flank and formed line of battle, with our left resting on the wilkinson pike. Moved forward under fire from enemy's artillery half a mile, when I was ordered by major general commanding to move my regiment to cover the right flank of the division. Formed my line at right angles with our line of battle nd parallel with the Nashville pike; sent forward skirmishers at same time, our cavalry being sharply engaged in our front, and our right held that line about one hour, when we joined the brigade and returned to the fortress.

Respectfully,

A. T. WILCOX,

Colonel 177th Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Numbers 219. Report of Colonel Joab A. Stafford, One hundred and seventy-eight Ohio Infantry, of operations December 7, 1864.
HDQRS. 178TH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Murfreesborough, Tenn., December 7, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the part taken by this regiment in the engagement of the 7th instant.

In the formation of the lines for the attack, the One hundred nad seventy-eighth was placed on the left of the second line. In this manner the line advanced until the front line became hotly engaged. By order of General Milroy I moved to the left and front, for the purpose of attacking the enemy on his flank. This attack was successful and the enemy was routed. The regiment was halted in a piece of woods to the left of the Wilkinson pike, a considerable distance form the main line, but shortly after joined the main line by moving by the right flank. The regiment soon after moved back inside of the fortress.

The loss in regiment was the [three?] privates wounded.

The officers and men all behaved nobly; they deserve the highest encomiums for their gallant conduct.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. A. STAFFORD,

Colonel, Commanding 178 Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant J. H., PINNEY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade, First Division.

