
Numbers 220. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Alfred Reed, Twelfth Indiana Cavalry, of operations December 7, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH INDIANA CAVALRY, Fortress Rosecrans, Tenn., December 17, 1864.

COLONEL: In the battle of Nolensville pike, on the 7th instant, the Twelfth Indiana Cavalry Volunteers sustained the following part:

During hate advance upon the enemy's position the regiment constituted part of the reserves. It advanced in line tot he left of the pike until it came to a cotton-field, across which the enemy had extemporalized earth-works and planted his batteries. At this time the skirmish line in the cotton-field to our right began to waver and the regiment moved by the right flank tot he support of this position of the line. Being thus supported, the line of skirmishers and the regiment moved forward across the cotton-field into the woods abandoned by the enemy, whose battery being captured nad his forces routed, and no further pursuit ordered, the entire Federal forces returned to the fortress, the Twelfth Indiana Cavalry constituting the rear guard.

Owing to the fact that a skirmish line was continually in advance of it, the regiment fired but it affords me great pleasure to say that at all times both officers and men displayed a coolness worthy of older soldiers nad of which the regiment has no reason to be ashamed.

The loss of the regiment, as heretofore reported, was 1 killed and 11 wounded.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,ALFRED REED,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanidng Twelfth Indiana Cavalry.

Colonel EDWARD ANDERSON,

Commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 221. Report of Captain Henry Bundy, Thirteenth Battery New York Light Artillery, of operations December 7, 1864.
HDQRS. THIRTEENTH NEW YORK INDEPENDENT BATTERY, Murfreesborough, Tenn., December 7, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that there were fifty-four men of my command engaged with the enemy in the battle on Wilkinson's pike, near Stone's River, on yesterday, the 7th instant. The casualties in men in my command were as follows: Conrad Feisel, private, wounded severely; Christopher Miley, private, wounded severely; Henry Griesel, private, wounded slightly; Joseph Clavin, private, wounded slightly. My command took no prisoners from the enemy, and i don't know what casualties my command inflicted upon them. I had four horses disabled.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,HENRY BUNDY,

Captain, Commanidng Thirteenth New York Battery.

Colonel THOMAS,

Commanding Brigade.

