
Numbers 222. Report of Colonel Gilbert M. L. Johson, Thirteenth Indiana Cavalry, of operations December 4-9, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH INDIANA CAVALRY, Murfreesborough, Tenn., December 10, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with orders received in communication dated headquarters, Murfreesborough, December 5, 1864, I have the honor to report that, in accordance with verbal orders received from Major-General Rousseau on the evening of December 3, 1864, I took up the line of march with my command on the morning of December 4, 1864, toward La Verge, with the view of camping that night at that point. Upon reaching a point some three miles distant from this place I met a detachment of the Fifth Tennessee Cavalry, which had been stationed at Overall's Creek, retiring upon this point, being pursuer by the enemy. I ordered the captain in charge of the same to deploy his men as skirmishers on the left of the road, at the same time throwing a company of my command on the right, and proceeded in this manner one mile to the creek, the enemy's skirmishers falling back to the opposite bank. A brisk skirmish was keep up, the creek intervening, the enemy at the same time opening on us with three pieces of artillery. At this time I addressed a communication to the general commanding, of which the following is a copy:
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH INDIANA CAVALRY, Overall's Creek, December 4, 1864.

Major-General ROUSSEAU:

GENERAL: I am holding the skirmish line at Overall's Creek. The enemy expose a line double to mine; reported moving column on my right flank; have used three pieces of artillery on me; also reported the same to by used on the block-house. Slight loss; skirmihsing rapid; await orders; artillery moving toward their rear on the pike. Heavy artillery firing distinctly heard in the direction of Nashville. I shall endeavor to cross the creek.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,G. M. L. JOHSON,

Colonel Thirtieth Indiana Cavalry.

Shortly afterward General Milroy came up with re-enforcements, his infantry relieving my skirmish line, and I formed my regiment in column on the pike, at a distance of 400 yards from the bridge. Just before night-fall I received an order from General Milroy, through Captain Carson, to charge across the bridge, which order I obeyed. After gaining ;the opposite bank I turned the head of my column to the right, which had the effect of causing the retiring of a large part of the enemy's force. My pieces (Enfield rifles) being discharged and difficult to reload when men are mounted, and the enemy having turned their artillery on me, I retired my column to the creek under cover of the bank, and in doing so received a slight fire from our own forces stationed in the block-house, they evidently in the darkness mistaking us for the enemy. I immediately threw out skirmishers, dismounted, and, reforming my line, made another dash around he former position of their left flank and in rear of the hill on which their artillery had been planted. The enemy having retired, I threw out outposts and withdrew my command to this side Overall's Creek. I retired, in accordance with orders from General Milroy, and arrived in camp at this place about 1 a. m. December 5, 1864.

