
sighted and fired, and then drawn back to reload. The garrison was unable to force this gun from its position. Firing was kept up continually from 10 a. m. until dark. Near 500 rounds solid shot and shell, from 10 and 20 pounder guns, were fired at the block-house. The rebels told our wounded (who were left in their hands) that they fired upward of 460 rounds. Night found the block-house in a ruinous condition, the north wing being completely destroyed, outside casing of west wing was badly damaged, the lookout gone, two large breaches made in the roof, and one of the posts-the main support of the roof-knocked out, while the other center posts were badly splintered. Lieutenant Harter, taking into consideration the condition of the block-house and that his ammunition was nearly all expended, regarded it as certain capture to remain until daylight. Consequently, at 3 a. m. December 3, 1864, the garrison evacuated the block-house, and, accompanied by the colored troops, arrived safely in Nashville at daylight. Upon reporting to Major-General Thomas, Lieutenant Harter was informed that an order had been issued two days previously directing the abandonment of all block-houses from Nashville to Murfreesborough. The courier failed to get through the rebel lines, consequently the order was not receive. Casualties of the garrison at this block-house (Numbers 2) were 1 enlisted man killed and 3 enlisted men wounded.

Numbers 1. block-house, four miles from Nashville, commanded by Lieutenant Jacob N. Shaffer, was attacked and the entire garrison captured December 3, 1864. The amount of firing upon and damage done to block-house and garrison before its surrender has not been ascertained. It is reported, however, that firing was kept up throughout the day and that a flag of truce was sent in five times during the day.

Block-house Numbers 3, near Antioch, commanded by Captain D. N. Lowrey, was attacked on the 3rd of December by artillery. The rebel guns here were placed in such positions as to prevent the block-house garrison from doing them much injury other than occasionally picking off a gunner. After holding out for thirty-six hours and receiving ninety shots, from 12 and 20 pounder guns, the garrison was compelled to surrender.

Captain Lewis F. Hake, commanding at La Verge, received an order December 4, 1864, from Major-General Thomas (which had been issued three days previously), to abandon all the block-houses from Nashville to Murfreesborough and withdraw the forces to the latter place. Couriers were started each way along the railroad on the morning of the 5th no notify the commanders of the block-house Numbers 4, having received this order, was completing its preparations to march to Murfreesborough (two wagons having already been loaded), the rebels suddenly made their appearance in considerable force on all sides, and a flag of truce was discovered approaching. It was halted at a proper distance and Lieutenant Eadie sen tout to meet it. Whilst a consultation was being had under the flag the rebels took advantage of the same and planted circumstance, being surrounded by a force greatly superior in numbers, with their artillery in position commanidng the whole ground ready for firing, Captain Hake was compelled to surrender his command, consisting of 73 men (regimental martial band included), 25 horses and equipments, 2 pieces of artillery (one 6 and one 12 pounder), and small-arms.

