
Commanders of block-houses Nos. 5 and 6, Captain William M. McClure and Lieutenant John S. Orr, received Captain Hake's order the night of the 4th. They evacuated their block-houses on the morning of the 5th instant. Rebels in small squads had already made their appearance on all sides. The garrisons were compelled to make a circuitous route around through Jefferson, marching over twenty miles, had several skirmishers with the enemy on the way, and arrived safely in camp at Murfeesborough about 2 p. m. of the same day.

Block-house Numbers 7, four miles from Murfeesborough, commanded by Lieutenant H. H. Glosser, was attacked on the 4th instant by rebel artillery and musketry. Seventy-six artillery shots were fired at the block-house, thirty-two of which struck it. The railroad bridge at this point was saved, and but little damage was done to the block-house other than knocking off the lookout. This house was not again attacked iwht artillery. Sharpshooters remained keeping the garrison hemmed in, as the following communication, being the first that was heard from Lieutenant Glosser, will explain.

BLOCK-HOUSE, Numbers 7, December 18, 1864.

Major-General MILROY:

SIR: I am informed by your scout (Mr. Lee) that the rebels have retreated. He tells me that if there is anything I want to sent a note to you and say what it is. General, I want nothing but liberty. I have been hemmed in for thirteen days, not daring to put my head outside the block-house. The rebel sharpshooters have left, and I feel better. The health of myself and men is good; am ready for any emergency. General Forrest, sent in a flag of truce for times, demanding the surrender of this house, promising to treat me well, and threatening to burn me with Greek fire if I refused. I resolved to believe nothing but such things as I could see; and as I could not see the Greek fire, I thought I would until I did.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. GLOSSER,

First Lieutenant Company E, 115th Reagt. Ohio Vol. Infty., Commanding Block-House Numbers 7.

No casualties were sustained at this block-house. The garrison kept up firing at all times when the rebels appeared in sight, expending during the whole time nearly 8,000 rounds of ammunition.

The detachments at block-houses between murfreesborough and Tullahoma, with but one excepting, were not attacked by the enemy.

Block-House No. 9, near Bell Buckle Station, Lieutenant M. S. Hurd commanidng, was approached by flag of truce and its surrender demanded. Lieutenant Hurd promptly refused, telling them "if they wanted the block-house, they must come and take it." The rebels did not open fire with their artillery, and after a few volleys of musketry withdrew from sight. Straggling rebels were now seen all along the road to Tullahoma, quite a number of whom were picked up and forwarded to murfeesborough.

You are already cognizant of the part taken by the detachment in and near Murfreesborough, which renders it unnecessary for me to mention the particulars. So far as I am able to learn I have good reason to believe that every detachment of the regiment throughout has done its duty as became soldiers.

I feel it my duty here to make special mention of the manner in which the little bands of veterans under their command, so nobly acquitted themselves under such trying circumstances. Too much credit cannot be given them for so gallantly defending heir block-houses against the prolonged attack of the enemy, so much their superior in numbers and furnished with 10 nd 20 pounder guns.

