
Captured, 170; killed, 1; wounded, 4; escaped since capture, 4.

Accompanying this report is a list of casualties in the regiment, as nearly correct as I am at this time able to give.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS C. BOONE,

Colonel, 115th Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding.

Lieutenant H. H. SHEETS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 224. Report of Colonel Thomas Saylor, Twenty-ninth Michigan Infantry, of operations December 13, 1864.
HDQRS. TWENTY-NINTH Regiment MICHIGAN VOL., INFANTRY, Murfreesborough, Tenn., December 14, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in compliance iwht your order of the 13th instant, I proceeded with my regiment in charge of a train south on the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad for the purpose of obtaining fuel, and reconnoitering with the view of preventing the stances would permit me to pass over. About three miles from town, immediately in the vicinity of the residence of Mr. Russell, we found a culvert on fire nad a few rebels scattered about the premises. I left a sergeant and fifteen men as a guard tot hat portion of the road, and proceeded between eight nad nine miles, when, on the suggestion of the conductor, I stopped to lead the train. About 4 p. m., the train being loaded, I moved cautiously toward town. I had proceeded but a few miles when clouds of smoke were seen to rise from the track a short distance ahead. On approaching the same and halting the train, we were greeted with a volley of musketry form the enemy, who were posted behind a ridge on our left, apparently i large numbers. I disembarked two companies, deployed them,and threw them rapidly toward the enemy, who fell back on their approach. In the meantime the fire was removed from the track and the men lively at work relaying the same, about fifty feet of which was torn up and thrown aside. About the time the track was in sufficient repair to pass over they opened upon us with artillery. I then ordered the train to move forward, when, to my surprise, I found that the brakemen had decamped and the engineer could not be found. He finally made his appearance after an absence of bout ten minutes, during which time we were exposed to a galling fire and the engine in great danger of going demolished by the rapid firing of the enemy. We finally got in motion and moved slowly on, with a line of skirmishers in rear of the train, who were at times heavily pressed by the rebels. The water-tank of the engine was rent by a ball and the water escaped, for the want of which point we were obliged to push it home by hand.

In our exertions to repel the enemy and conduct the train safely in we lost in killed, wounded, an missing as follows: 1 man killed; 9 men and 1 officer wounded; 6 men missing; total loss, 17.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,THOMAS SAYLOR,

Colonel, Commanding Twenty-ninth regt. michigan Vol. Infantry.

Captain E. A. OTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

