
Numbers 225. Report of Lieutenant H. Milo Torrence, One hundred and fifteenth Ohio Infantry, Assistant Inspector railroad Defenses, of operations December 4-17, 1864.

OFFICE ASSISTANT INSPECTOR RAILROAD DEFENSES, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Murfreesborough, December 28, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on sunday, December 4, at about 11 a. m., the enemy opened three pieces 12-pounder artillery on block-house Numbers 7, at distances of 500 and 800 yards, throwing seventy-two shot and shell, thirty-one of which struck the building, five in the lookout and twenty-six in the main building and its entrance way. Of the twenty-sex, six were thrown in to the inner casing at loop line. It will be remembered that the outer casing of this house is supported above the loop line by pillars twelve to fifteen inches long. The shot were thrown in between the upper nad lower logs of the outer case nad the pillars. Some of the pillars were struck an shattered but none knocked entirely out. No shot penetrated the main building; no shot truck, however, directly on the loop, the bearing of the guns being such as not to admit of it except at the corner. nos hot penetrated the timbers of inner case sufficiently deep to distend the timber on the inside. About 2 p. m. Major-General milroy engaged the enemy and relieved the garrison. On Monday, the 5th, about 2 p. m., the enemy again opened three pieces on house, at distance of 800 and 900 yards to the northwest, and fired five or six shot and shell, one of which only struck the building, doing but little damage. The garrison were ready for the attack, nad had seven or eight loops bearing on the battery. I required them to fire by rank, which was done, and done with such precision as to compel the enemy to limber up nad get away at double-quick, with the loss of one horse, and, I learn from rebel authority, three or out wounded men; their sharpshooters left with them. We took advantage of the dark to get more wood and water, and some timbers, with which the floor of tower was made bomb-proof. About midnight a Federal soldier came to garrison, saying that General Bate had sent him to say to garrison that if they would surrender that he (Bate) would paroled he whole garrison, respect private property, &amp;c., and that he would sent in flag by 6 a. m. or sunrise. At 12 the promised flag came, by order of General Hill, asking surrender upon terms offered by General Bate; was answered that "We would hold the block-house." This morning a picket-line was put out around us, the sharpshooters looking after also. On the 7th flag came in, by order General Forrest, giving ten minutes to surrender or be burned with Greek fire, etc. Four flags came in during the thirteen days. On Friday, the 16th, the pickets were called in. On 17th all disappeared except a few staggers, who evinced no disposition to molest.

The garrison did not have one man hurt, nor did the house sustain any serious injury.

The deficiency in the block-house, as developed in this case (and as far as I can learn in that of Numbers 2.), is in the stanching supporting the ceiling and in the horizontal bracing at the cap plates. In Numbers 7 the gird spanning the south wing commenced to give way hide the house was bombarded in the opposite side or wings. I had temporary posts put in and other like improvement made as circumstances suggested. I am of the opinion that the rectangular building, properly

