
constructed and located, is the better plan for the block-houses. I have increased confidence in block-houses as means of defense, form my experience, and believe that they can be so constructed as to resist any artillery that is ordinarily brought to bear against them.

Allow me to recommend to favorable consideration Lieutenant Glosser and his command; they behaved nobly during the siege of fourteen days.

Respectfully submitted.

H. M. TORRENCE,

First Lieutenant and Assistant Inspector Railroad Defenses.

Major JAMES R. WILLETT,

Chief Inspector R. R. Defenses, Dept. of the Cumberland.

Numbers 226. Reports of Colonel Jairus W. Hall, Fourth Michigan Infantry, of operations November 17-21, 1864.

HUNTSVILLE, November 21, 1864.,

General Granger directs me to telegraph you the following report of Colonel Hall, Fourth Michigan, who pursued the rebels that tore up the railroad on Saturday morning:

BROWNSBOROUGH, Novembere 20, 1864.

Colonel LYON:

I found Russell yesterday at dusk at Duckett's plantation, on Paint Rock River. Drove him two miles, and scattering him to the mountains, captured his camp, several horses, saddles, &amp;c., also rations and forage for my command. It being nearly dark, could don not nothing more. Took his track this morning at daylight, but soon found he was too far in advance for successful pursuit. I know of four rebels killed, if not five; we have their guns. One of our men wounded in shoulder. Russell has doubtless gone toward Fayetteville. A force from the other direction will be apt to meet him.

J. W. HALL,

Colonel, &c.

W. P. LYON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE.

HEADQUARTERS FOURTH REGIMENT MICHIGAN INFANTRY, Larkinsville, Ala., November 21, 1864.

SIR: I have respectfully to report that, in compliance with orders received, I proceeded to Brownsborough and assumed command of a force assembled there, numbering 394 men, of which 145 were mounted. At 3 o'clock on the morning of the 17th I moved on the New market road. At Maysville my advance was fired upon by a picket of the enemy, which detained the command about fifteen minutes. I then proceeded to within four miles of New Market, and took the road leading over the mountains to Jones's Cove, where I was informed the enemy were encamped the day previous. Arrived at Mr. Sandsley

's plantation at 8.30 a. m., and being informed that the enemy 500 strong were three miles in advance, I halted the command for dinner. I then set the column in motion,a nd after ten minutes' march came upon the

