
enemy in line of battle on the side of the mountain, and advanced upon him with a strong line of skirmishers, from which he retreated. It then became a running fight. As fast as the infantry could march I drove him around and over the mountains, up Hurricane Branch five miles beyond New market, killing 9 and wounding 3 or 4, including 1 commissioned officer, which he took with him or secreted in such a manner that we could not find them. It hen being dark i returned to New Market in order to have possession of the different roads. The following morning being cloudy and rainy, and the roads becoming bad, and the infantry having marched twenty-one miles the day before, I decided that it was impossible to keep up with Russell, as he ran too fast even for our mounted force. I then returned to Brownsborough, which I reached before dark. The following morning about 9 o'clock I was informed that the railroad had been torn up five miles north. A train proceeded to the place of destruction, leaving orders for Captain Givens to move with the mounted force to that point as soon as possible. The force under him, numbering 124 men, reached there at 11.45 a. m. I then proceeded on russell's track, coming up with him at dusk at Duckett's plantation, near Paint Rock River. Dismounting all the Enfield rifles I moved on him at a double-quick, using the dismounted men on the mountain on the right and the cavalry on the left of the road which runs along at the foot of the mountain. The enemy here made a more stubborn resistance than at any time previous, and I was in hopes that was soon invited to another race, as he showed his heels as usual; it was then dark,a nd impossible to come up with him again.

I captured his camp, rations for the men and oats nad corn for the horses, also several horses, saddles, bridles, forage, and haversacks, blankets, and canteens, which were mostly filled with whisky. About thirty horses were captured in all, several of which are in Captains william's and Da Huff's and Lieutenants Chapman's and Reynold's commands-the number I have been unable to ascertain; Captain Givens has three or four, which will be accounted for hereafter. Captain Kennamer's home guards has eight or ten head of cattle at Woodville, which I directed to have sent here. Some twenty stand of arms were captured, including rifles, carbines, and shotguns; they were mostly given tot he home guards, as they were mostly without arms.

Much of the property captured at the camp was of considerable loss tot he enemy, but of very little use to us. I ordered it burned and otherwise destroyed.

I occupied the enemy's camp the night of the 19th, and the next morning at daylight took his track, but soon ascertained that he was too far in advance for me to overtake him, and as it had been raining all night nad the streams rising rapidly, I did not think it prudent to follow him, and therefore returned with the command to Brownsborough, where I arrived at dark, that being the only point where I could get tot he railroad on account of high water.

Two of my command were slightly wounded. I lost 2 horses drowned and 3 or 4 abandoned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. HALL,

Colonel Fourth Regiemtn Michigan Infantry.,

Lieutenant WILLIAM M. SCOTT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

