
December 1 to 15. - The division remained entrenched before Nashville, its right joining the troops commanded by Major General A. J. Smith and its left connecting with the Third Division of the Fourth Army Corps.

December 15. - The division participated in the assault upon the left and center of Hood's army, carrying the rebel works in its front, and capturing flags, prisoners, and three pieces of artillery.

December 16. - In the continuation of the assault the division again carried the opposing entrenchments, with prisoners and colors, bivouacking at night near Bentwood Pass, on the Franklin pike.

December 17. - The division continued in pursuit of the enemy, with the remainder of the Fourth Corps, through Franklin, Columbia. and Pulaski to Lexington, Ala., where it encamped at the close of the month.

January 1, 1865. - The division marched from Lexington to Mount Rozell, Ala., where it remained in camp until the 3rd.

January 3. - On that day the division crossed Elk River at Buck Island; thence it marched, via Athens, to Huntsville, Ala., arriving there on the 5th. The First and Second Brigades encamped west of the town. Huts were constructed, and the troops are comfortably settled in winter quarters. The Third Brigade was ordered to Decatur, Ala., to re-enforce its garrison, and left Huntsville January [6] for that point, where it remained at the close of the month.

First Brigade, Second Division.

November 1. - At 7 a. m. the brigade left Chattanooga by railroad; passed Stevenson at 12 m., Huntsville at 10 p. m. and arrived at Athens before daylight the next morning.

November 2 to 6. - Marched to Pulaski, Tenn.; remained at Pulaski, entrenching, &amp;c.

November 22. - Marched twelve miles to Lynnville, Tenn.

November 24. - Marched eighteen miles to Columbia, Tenn.

November 29. - Marched to Spring Hill; eighteen miles.

November 30. - Marched twelve miles to Franklin; was rear guard for the army; was placed in reserve; when Cox's division broke charged and filled up the gap. Loss, 216 killed, wounded, and missing. Saved the army from destruction.

December 1 to 15. - The brigade lay behind the defended of Nashville, Tenn., watching the movements of Mr. Hood.

December 15 and 16. - We co-operated in assaulting the enemy's works.

December 167 to 28. - The brigade was engaged in the pursuit of the fleeing rebel army. We marched through Franklin and Spring Hill on the 18th, through Columbia on the 22nd, Pulaski on the 25th, and on the 28th, when the pursuit was abandoned, we were farthest in the advance of the infantry - two miles below Lexington, Ala., where we remained in bivouac during the remainder of the month.

January 1 to 5, 1865. - The brigade was marching from Elk River to this place. Since that time the entire command has been in winter quarters at this place, &c.

Second Brigade, Second Division.

November 1. - The brigade reached Stevenson, Ala., and move by railroad to Athens, Ala.; marched thence to Pulaski, Tenn., where it remained engaged in fortifying until the 22nd, when we marched to Lynnville, and from there to Columbia. The enemy threatening the latter place, our position near the town was fortified.

