
Whitecotton's command at Claysville, and were, doubtless, sent to the other side. The balance of the attacking force went north. They burned and cut the bridge so that it fell into the river, and they left the gun us pike, but mutilated the carriage.

I go there to-morrow, and will then be able to give an account of the loss of arms, camp nd garrison equipage, &amp;c.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. P. LYON,

Colonel Thirteenth Wisconsin Veteran Vol. Infantry, Commanding

Lieutenant SAM. M. KNEELAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 228. Report of Lieutenant Colonel william F. Prosser, Second Tennessee Cavalry, of operations December 7-8, 1864.

I reached this point yesterday about 12 m. The bridge and railroad, as far as I could see, are all right. The country from Bellefonte here we found full of small parties of the enemy. I captured a few prisoners at Scotscorough, who will go to Stevenson with this dispatch. We drove a small force of rebels across the creek yesterday i our advance, and about half an hour afterward the enemy appeared with an engine and a train of cars. We drove them back some two or three miles, but shortly afterward they appeared again with the train and some cavalry, nad we skirmished with them until dark, when they retired. I endeavored to capture the train, but was not successful. Roddey is reported at Huntsville. Russell has recruited his regiment considerably of late, and now has from 700 to 800 men. If the enemy moves some infantry up on us by rail we may have some trouble, but we can do something for them if hey come. I have been looking for a train down from Stevenson with some infantry, but so far have heard nothing from them. I should have arrived here a day sooner, but was delayed in scouting the country between Scottsborough and this place, particularly at Larkinsville. About 100 of the enemy were on the Larkinsville Ferry road, at ot he left, and I sent a party toward Winchester, to the right. The prisoners I send you belong to Roddey, Russell, and Twentieth Mississippi. Doctor Irwin and some other citizens were captured at Scottsborough,and the fired on my men when they went after them. He lives near Courtland and acts as surgeon for Roddey. I inclose a note* form Russell which explains his business. I wish these messengers to return as soon as possible, with some other men of my command at Stevenson, who ought to be here. I shall look for train down here, and if there is one coming please send down with it 10,000 rounds of Burnside ammunition. Please send me some late papers or news if you have any.

With my compliments to the general, and hoping to hear form you shortly,

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. PROSSER,

Lieutenant-Colonel Second Tennessee Cavalry, Commanding.

Lieutenant KNEELAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

