
night march of twenty-three miles, all the forces of the enemy except Colonel Russell, whom we attacked unexpectedly on the Moulton and Tuscaloosa road, twelve miles east of Thorn Hill, on Wednesday noon (Lieutenant-Colonel Prosser having the advance), routing him so speedily and completely that he did not delay our march twenty minutes, and this only to pick up prisoners and burn his five wagons, including his headquarters wagons, out of which we got all the brigade and other official papers. We had but a few hours previously captured, with its guard of three men, a small mail bound for Tuscaloosa. About fifty or seventy-five conscripts from both sides of the Tennessee River, that Russell was hustling off to Tuscaloosa, were released by our attack, also eight Indiana soldier captured by Russell near Decatur. We then continued our march unmolested by way of Mount Hope toward Leighton, but, learning when within ten miles of that place that all our troops had returned to Decatur, we came on by easy marches tot he same post, reaching it on Friday evening, 6th instant.

The whole distance marched from the time of leaving Decatur, nine days previously, wa 265, and about 400 miles from the time of leaving Chattanooga, two weeks and three days previous.

My entire command numbered less than 600 men, consisting of the Fifteenth Pennsylvania (Anderson) Cavalry, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Charles B. Lamborn, and detachments of the Second Tennessee and Tenth, Twelfth,a nd Thirteenth Indiana Cavalry, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel William F. Prosser. To these officers and all those under them, much credit is dire for their gallantry and energy,a s well as to all their men, for the dash and courage with which they attacked any enemy that appeared, and for the patient manner in which they bore, on the most scanty rations, the severe fatigue of this expedition. I desire particularly to recommend for honorable mention in general orders Sergt. Arthur P. Lyon, of Company A, of the Anderson Cavalry, for repeated acts of marked bravery during this short campaign, including the capture of two pieces of artillery, which fell into his hands on the night of December 28, six miles form Decatur, on the Courtland road, by a daring charge of our advance guard of fifteen men, which he led on this occasion.

We took about 150 prisoners after leaving Leighton,including 2 colonels (one of whom was left in consequence of his wounds), 2 captains,and 6 lieutenants, and destroyed in all between 750 and 1,000 stand of arms, and captured a considerable number of pistols.

Our entire loss, 1 man killed and 2 wounded, all of Lieutenant-Colonel Prosser's command, in the charge on Russell's force.

The whole of Forrest's cavalry, except Armstrong's brigade, was at Okolona, miss., within one day's march of us, when the supply train was captured. He had been sent there as soon as he crossed at Bainbridge, on Tuesday evening, to repel our cavalry from Memphis, who had destroyed the railroad for twenty miles near and above Okolona. I do not think General Hood brought across the Tennessee River at Bainbridge more than 12,000 infantry and thirty-five pieces of artillery.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. J. PALMER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. District of the Etowah.

