
and the pontoon train and a small portion of the supply train destroyed. Here, finding so much dissatisfaction throughout the country as in my judgment to greatly impair, if not destroy, my usefulness and counteract my exertions, and with no desire but to serve my country, I asked to be relieved, with the hope that another might be assigned to the command who might do more than I could hope to accomplish. Accordingly, I was so relieved on the 23rd of January by authority of the President.*

My reasons for undertaking the movement into Tennessee have, I think, been sufficiently stated already. Had I not made the movement I am fully persuaded that Sherman would have been upon General Lee's communication in October, instead of at this time.

From Palmetto to Spring Hill the campaign was all that I could have desired. The fruits ought to have been gathered at that point. At Nashville, had it not have been for an unfortunate event which could not justly have been anticipated, I think we would have gained a complete victory. At any time it was in the power of the army to retire from Tennessee in the event of failure, as is established by the leisurely retreat which was made under the most difficult and embarrassing circumstances. It is my firm conviction that, notwithstanding that disaster, I left the army in better spirits and with more confidence in itself than it had at the opening of the campaign. The official records will show that my losses, including prisoners, during the entire campaign do not exceed 10,000 men. Were I again placed in such circumstances I should make the same marches and fight the same battles, trusting that the same unforeseen and unavoidable accident would not again occur to change into disaster a victory which had been already won.

In support of the statement touching the strength and losses of the army, I respectfully tender the official records of the assistant adjutant-general (Major Kinloch Falconer), alike on duty with General Johnston and myself. Those who have seen much service in the field during this war will at once understand why it was that desertion, which had been so frequent on the retreat from Dalton to Atlanta, almost entirely ceased as soon as the army assumed the offensive and took a step forward. I did not know of a desertion on the march from Palmetto to Dalton or from Dalton to Florence. I am informed that the provost-marshal general of the Army of Tennessee reports less than 300 desertions during the whole Tennessee campaign. The Tennessee troops entered the State with high hopes as they approached their homes; when the fortunes of war were against us the same faithful soldiers remained true to their flag, and, with rare exceptions, followed it in retreat as they had borne it in advance.

But few of the subordinate reports have reached me. I am, consequently, unable, without risk of injustice, to describe the instances of individual skill and gallantry.

I invite special attention to the report of Major General G. W. Smith, of the operations of the Georgia militia in the vicinity of Atlanta,+ the reports of Lieutenant-General Stewart and his subordinate officers, herewith submitted. Maps of the campaign accompany this report.#

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. HOOD,

General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.

---------------

* For portion of report (here omitted) see Vol. XXXVIII, Part III, pp. 634-636.

+ See Vol. XXXVIII, Part III, p. 969.

# Such of these maps as may be found will appear in the Atlas.

---------------

