
January 3. - The bridge being completed by 12 m., the command crossed and marched to Athens, Ala., distance eleven miles; from there marched to Huntsville, Ala.

January 5. - Arrived and passing through Huntsville, marched four miles south, where a regular camp was established; remained in camp the remainder of the month.

First Brigade, Third Division.

December 1. - Marched from Franklin, Tenn., to Nashville, Tenn., arriving there at 3 p. m., and went into camp; remained in camp until the 15th, during which time threw up a line of works on the hill in front of Mrs. Acklen's residence, the pickets skirmishing with those of the enemy during our time in camp.

December 15. - Was in readiness to move at 6.30 o'clock, but did not march until 12 m., when the battle of Nashville, on our part, commenced. The brigade assisted in carrying the first and second lines of the enemy's works, and rested in line of battle during the night.

December 16. - Renewed the battle; the brigade was ordered to support Colonel Post's (Second) brigade in a charge on the enemy's works on the Franklin pike. Both brigades were repulsed, with severe loss. From this date until the 28th the brigade was in pursuit of the enemy.

December 20. - The brigade was detailed to assist in bridging Duck River.

December 28. - The pursuit was abandoned at Lexington, Ala., where we remained until the morning of the 31st, when we marched for Huntsville, Ala.

Second Brigade, Third Division.

November 1. - Arrived at Pulaski, Tenn., from Athens, Ala.; in camp at Pulaski until the 22nd.

November 22. - The brigade marched toward Columbia.

November 24. - Arrived at Columbia, distance thirty-three miles. Threw up works and remained at Columbia until the night of the 27th, when the brigade crossed Duck River and took position on the north bank.

November 29. - Made a reconnaissance down the river, and marched the same night to Spring Hill.

November 30. - Marched to Franklin, Tenn.

December 1. - Left Franklin, Tenn., and marched to Nashville; entered camp three miles from the city.

December 15. - Took part in general engagement before Nashville; brigade made two charges and was successful, capturing a number of prisoners.

December 16. - Brigade in action in charge on Overton's Knob. Colonel Post was wounded; Lieutenant-Colonel Kimberly, Forty-first Ohio Veteran Infantry, assumed command.

December 17. - Marched to Franklin.

December 18. - Marched to Spring Hill

December 19. - Marched to Rutherford's Creek.

December 21. - Marched to Columbia.

December 25. - Marched three miles beyond Pulaski.

December 27. - Marched ten miles.

December 28. - Marched to Lexington.

