
CHEATHAM'S CORPS.

Colonel MELANCTHON SMITH.

Hoxton's Battalion.*

Perry's (Florida) battery.

Phelan's (Alabama) battery.

Turner's (Mississippi) battery.

Hotchkiss' Battalion.*

Bledsoe's (Missouri) battery.

Goldthwaite's (Alabama) battery.

Key's (Arkansas) battery.

Cobb's Battalion.*

Ferguson's (South Carolina) battery.

Phillips' [Mebane's] (Tennessee) battery.

Slocomb's (Louisiana) battery.

Numbers 234. Journal of the Army of Tennessee.+

November 15, 1864. - Headquarters Army of Tennessee at Florence, Ala. Heavy rains in the last forty-eight hours.

November 16. - Headquarters Florence, Ala. In obedience to a general order from these headquarters, all military duties (except those that are absolutely necessary) will be suspended, this day having been set apart by the President as a day of fasting and prayer.

Novembere 17. - Headquarters Army of Tennessee, Florence, Ala. Nothing of importance has transpired to-day.

November 18. - Headquarters Florence, Ala. General Beauregard moved his headquarters from Tuscumbia to Montgomery, Ala. General Stewart has been ordered to cross the Tennessee River with his corps to-morrow.

November 19. - Headquarters Florence, Ala. General Stewart's corps was unable to cross the river to-day in consequence of the bad weather and the slow progress made by the supply trains. General Lee's corps is ordered to take up line of march at 5 o'clock in the morning.

November 20. - Headquarters Florence, Ala. Stewart's corps crossed the river and moved out several miles on Lawrenceburg road. Lee's corps took up line of march at an early hour and bivouacked ten miles from this place, on road between Lawrenceburg and Waynesborough roads. The whole army will move at an early hour to-morrow.

November 21. - Cheatham's corps took up line of march at an early hour this a. m. and moved out on the Waynesborough road. Army headquarters moved at 10 a. m., and were established at 5 p. m. near Rawhide, on Waynesborough road, twelve miles north of Florence. Lee's corps, on the Chisem road, and Stewart's, on the Lawrenceburg road, resumed their march this morning.

November 22. - Cheatham's corps and army headquarters were in motion at sunrise, and after a march of eighteen miles, army headquarters were established near the intersection of the Natchez and Waynesborough roads. Cheatham's corps encamped one mile south of headquarters.

November 23. - Cheatham's corps and army headquarters took another early start this morning, and after a march of eighteen miles arrived and established headquarters at the Furnace Numbers 96, four miles north of Waynesborough, on the Mount Pleasant and Waynesborough road.

---------------

* Actual commanders not indicated on original return.

+ See explanatory foot note, Vol. XXXIX, Part I, p. 804.

---------------

