
December 25. - Army headquarters at Bainbridge, on the Tennessee River. The pontoon was being laid across the river as rapidly as the arrival of the boats would allow. General Cheatham came into the main road this morning, and in rear of Stevenson's corps moved to the river, where a line covering the bridge was formed, Cheatham occupying the right and Stevenson the left. General Stewart's corps, upon arriving at the point where Cheatham's corps came into the main road, was put into position so as to protect both roads.

December 26 to January 2, 1865, inclusive. - The pontoon was completed by daylight on the 26th instant, and the army was occupied two days in crossing - Lee's and Cheatham's corps on the 26th, and Stewart's and the cavalry on the 27th. On the 28th the pontoon was withdrawn. The march was resumed, upon striking the Memphis and Charleston railroad, immediately down the road, in the order of crossing the river, to Burnsville, Miss., where, on the 31st, a circular was issued to corps commanders, directing further movements, as follows: "Lee's corps to move to Rienzi, on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, Cheatham's corps to move to Corinth, and Stewart's corps to remain at Burnsville until further orders." Cheatham's corps arrived and established camps at Corinth on January 1, and Lee's and Stewart's corps at their respective destinations on January 2, 1865. Army headquarters were at Tuscumbia from the 26th to the 28th of December, inclusive. On the 29th General Hood, with Colonel Mason and his personal staff, remained during the day at the terminus of the railroad near Tuscumbia, awaiting the train, which did not arrive until late at night. He reached Burnsville on the evening of the 30th, remained there until the morning of the 2nd of January, and from thence came by cars to Corinth.

January 3. - Lee's and Stewart's corps ordered to continue the march to Tupelo, Miss., from their respective bivouacs, Rienzi and Burnsville, all wheels not necessary with the troops and artillery carriages to be sent to Columbus, to report upon arrival to Major-General Elzey.

January 4. - No further orders regulating movements of the troops.

January 5. - Army headquarters established at Tupelo, Miss.

January 6. - Generals Stewart and Stevenson (commanding Lee's corps) were ordered to work the road where it was bad on their march.

January 7. - Lee's corps arrived at Tupelo and went into camp.

January 8. - No orders of importance issued with reference to further movements.

January 9. - Stewart's corps arrived at Tupelo and went into camp.

January 10. - Cheatham's corps ordered to move from Corinth to Tupelo.

January 11. - No orders of importance.

January 12. - Cheatham's corps arrived at Tupelo. All stores reported moved away from Corinth to Tupelo.

January 13. - No orders of importance.

January 14. - General Beauregard arrived at Tupelo, on visit to the army, late at night.

January 15. - A system for furloughing the troops established. (See General Orders, Numbers 1, 1865, and circular letter to corps commanders, field dispatches, Numbers 542.)

January 16. - The army still in same camp at and near Tupelo.

