
December 2. - Encamped near Nashville at 9 a. m.; moved camp one mile to the Granny White pike at 10 a.m. Battery M, Fourth U. S. Artillery, Battery B, Pennsylvania, and First Kentucky Battery placed in position on front line at 2 p. m.

December 3. - All the batteries placed on the line this morning; Sixth Ohio Battery and Bridges' battery fired considerably during the afternoon at the advancing lines of the enemy.

December 4. - Batteries A and G, First Ohio, the Sixth Ohio, and Bridges' battery engaged at different times during the day; enemy fires but little with artillery.

December 6. - Batter G, First Ohio, the Sixth Ohio, and Bridges' battery engaged at different times during the day.

December 7. - But little firing from either side; Battery G, First Ohio, and Bridges' battery fired a few rounds.

December 8. - Enemy drove in our skirmish line, but were soon driven back; Sixth Ohio Battery, Bridges' battery, and First Kentucky Battery fired some during the day.

December 9. - No firing from any of the batteries.

December 10. - No artillery firing.

December 11. - No artillery firing.

December 12. - No alterations in the brigade.

December 13. - Bridges' battery and Battery A, First Ohio, relieved from duty with the brigade by Battery E, First Michigan, and Twenty-fifth Indiana Battery. No artillery firing to-day.

December 14. - Sixth Ohio Battery fired some during the day; orders at 9 p. m. for everything to be ready to move at daylight in the morning.

December 15. - Battery B, Pennsylvania, moved with First Division, Battery G, First Ohio, with Second Division, Battery M, Fourth U. S. Battery, with the Third Division; was engaged all the afternoon; Battery E, First Michigan, was moved onto the front line in the evening and engaged then enemy; Sixth Ohio and Twenty-fifth Indiana were engaged at different times during the day from the works. casualties, 1 man killed, 1 wounded, of Battery G, First Ohio. All quiet at 7 p. m.

December 16. - Battery B, Pennsylvania, with First Division, Sixth Ohio Battery, with the Third Division, Battery G, First Ohio, with the Second Division, engaged all day. The First Kentucky Battery moved on the line at 10 a. m.; engaged until evening. Battery B, Pennsylvania, had two pieces disabled by artillery fire; was relieved from the line at 12 m., by Battery M, Fourth United States; was engaged until dark. Drove the enemy and marched some three miles, and encamped at 10 p. m. on Franklin pike.

December 17. - First Kentucky Battery, with First Division, Battery G, First Ohio, with Second Division, Sixth Ohio Battery, with Third Division, and Battery M, Fourth U. S. Artillery, moved at 7 a. m.; the remainder of brigade moved at 8 a. m.; marched thirteen miles, and encamped at 5 p. m. near Franklin, Tenn.

December 18. - First Kentucky Battery, with First Division, E, First Michigan, with Second Division, and Twenty-fifth Indiana Battery with Third Division, moved at 7 a. m.; remainder of the brigade moved at 9 a. m.; marched on Columbia pike nineteen miles, and encamped at 6.30 p. m.

December 19. - Battery B, Pennsylvania, with First Division, Battery E, First Michigan, with Second Division, and Sixth Ohio, with Third Division, moved at 7 a. m.; remainder of brigade moved at 9 a. m. one mile and a half, and encamped at 12 m.

