
ular camp. But for the movement we are now making the regular monthly report for thee 20th instant would have been made to the inspector-general of the army, but is deferred for the reasons given. This form shows the condition of the artillery at the time the army crossed the Tennessee, with the exception of that connected with the cavalry, which is not complete except as to the number of guns. General Forrest was placed in command of all cavalry serving with this army, and in consequencee of his leaving Florence, at which place he joined us on the day after his arrival, did not make a field return of his artillery; hence the impossibility of giving any other information than this report contains; and the activity of his movements since that date have also prevented a full return. Before the army retired from its position in front of Nashville, I rode thirty-eight miles to inspect the artillery of Major-General Forrest's command, but found it so much scattered as to be unable to do so - one of his batteries being in rear of Nashville; one in rear of our army recuperating its horses; one at Corinth, Miss.; and the others at such distant points as to prevent an inspection at that time - but was promised by his inspector a full report by the 18th instant, which has not been made in consequence of our position.

Previous to the 14th of November last the battalions known as Hoxton's, Hotchkiss', and Cobb's were under immediate command of Colonel M. Smith, and were assigned to Cheatham's corps (formerly Hardee's), and Trueheart's, Myrick's, and Storrs' were under command of Lieutenant Colonel S. C. Williams and assigned to Stewart's corps, and the battalions of Eldridge, Courtney, and Johnston, commanded by Colonel R. F. Beckham, were assigned to Lee's corps (the same officers now commanding excepting Colonel R. F. Beckham), but at the date mentioned (November 14) Special Orders, Numbers 34 (a copy of which accompanies this report), changed the status of the artillery and divided the several commands with the divisions, which is its condition at this time.

Many limbers, caissons, and horses belonging to lost guns were saved, but as they have been hurried to the rear their number is not positively known, nor can it be ascertained for several days.

Since the army crossed the Tennessee, Colonel R. F. Beckham, commanding artillery of Lee's corps, is the only field officer of artillery known to have been killed, and the artillery of that corps is now commanded by Lieutenant Colonel L. Hoxton, and Hoxton's battalion by its senior captain; and the only field officer who has returned to the command in the same time is Major A. R. Courtney, of the same corps.

No artillery serving with the cavalry was lost in the recent engagements as far as known to this office.

Accompanying this is a statement* showing the number and kind of guns lost by each corps and the number and kind now on hand.

Respectfully submitted.

CHAS. SWETT,

Captain and Inspector-General Artillery, Army of Tennessee.

[Sub-inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARTILLERY, ARMY OF TENN., Florence, Ala., November 14, 1864.

Numbers 34.

I. Pursuant to paragraph III, Special Orders, Numbers 148, headquarters Army of Tennessee, the following assignment of battalions of artillery

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

