
My corps remained at Florence [from November 2] till November 20, when the army commenced moving for Tennessee, my command leading the advance, and marching in the direction of Columbia via Henryville and Mount Pleasant. I arrived in front of Columbia on the 26th, relieving Forrest's cavalry, then in position there, which had followed the enemy from Pulaski. The force of the enemy occupying Columbia was two corps. They confined themselves to their main works around the city, and their outposts and skirmishers were readily driven in.

On the night of the 27th the enemy evacuated Columbia and crossed Duck River. Stevenson's division, of my corps, entered the town before daylight. After crossing the enemy took a strong position on the opposite side of the river and entrenched, his skirmishers occupying rifle-pits 250 yards from the river. There was considerable skirmishing across the river during the day and some artillery firing, resulting in nothing of importance.

On the morning of the 29th Johnson's division, of my corps, was detached and ordered to report to the general commanding. I was directed to engage and occupy the enemy near Columbia, while the other two corps and Johnson's division would be crossed above and moved to the rear of the enemy in the direction of Spring Hill. The entire force of the enemy was in front of Columbia till about midday on the 29th, when one corps commenced moving off, the other remaining in position as long as they could be seen by us, or even till dark. I had several batteries of artillery put in position to drive the skirmishers of the enemy from the vicinity of the river-bank, and made a display of pontoons, running several of them down to the river under a heavy artillery and musketry fire. Having succeeded in putting a boat in the river, Pettus' brigade, of Stevenson's division, was thrown across, under the immediate direction of Major-General Stevenson, and made a most gallant charge on the rifle-pits of the enemy, driving a much superior force and capturing the pits. The bridge was at once laid down and the crossing commenced.

During the affair around Columbia the gallant and accomplished soldier, Colonel R. F. Beckham, commanding the artillery regiment of my corps, was mortally wounded while industriously and fearlessly directing the artillery firing against the enemy. He was one of the truest and best officers in the service.

The enemy left my front about 2.30 a. m. on the morning of the 30th, and the pursuit was made as rapidly as was possible in the night time. The advance of Clayton's division arrived at Spring Hill about 9 a. m., when it was discovered that the enemy had made his escape, passing around that portion of the army in that vicinity. My corps, including Johnson's division, followed immediately after Cheatham's toward Franklin. I arrived near Franklin about 4 p. m. The commanding general was just about attacking the enemy with Stewart's and Cheatham's corps, and he directed me to place Johnson's division, and afterward Clayton's, i position to support the attack. Johnson moved in rear of Cheatham's corps; and finding that the battle was stubborn General Hood instructed me to go forward in person to communicate with General Cheatham, and if necessary to put Johnson's division in the fight. I met General Cheatham about dark, and was informed by him that assistance was needed at once. Johnson was at once moved forward to the attack, but owing to the darkness and want of information as to the locality his attack was not felt by the enemy till about one hour after dark. This division moved against the enemy's breast-works under a heavy fire of artillery and musketry, gallantly driving the

