
December 20. - Battery G, First Ohio, in position at Rutherford's Creek; no bridges, and water too high to ford.

December 21. - Pontoons came up 2 p. m.; Battery G, First Ohio, Battery E, First Michigan, and First Kentucky Battery ordered to cross as soon as the pontoons were laid, to assist in laying a pontoon across Duck River.

December 22. - Battery G, First Ohio, Battery E, First Michigan, and First Kentucky Battery crossed at 5 a. m., and parked on the north side of Duck River; remainder of the brigade moved at daylight; crossed Rutherford's Creek; marched fourt miles, and encamped with advance batteries near Duck River at 10 a. m.; pontoons finished at 7 p. m., infantry of Fourth Army Corps, crossing, the brigade to follow in the rear.

December 23. - Brigade commenced crossing at 12.30 a. m.; crossing very bad. The Sixth Ohio Battery G, First Ohio, and First Kentucky Battery, and Battery E, First Michigan, and one piece of Battery B, Pennsylvania, crossed, when the bridge broke; at daylight the cavalry was ordered to cross before the other batteries. The First Kentucky Battery moved with First Division, Battery G, First Ohio, with Second Division, Sixth Ohio, with Third Division, moved at 12 m. Battery E, First Michigan, moved, in the rear of the corps, at 5 p. m. Marched three miles, and encamped at 6.30 p. m. First Kentucky Battery fired a few rounds at the enemy's cavalry.

December 24. - The corps ordered to move after the cavalry, and move in the same order as yesterday. The remainder of the brigade joined the command at 10 a. m.; moved at 2 p. m.; marched seventeen miles, and encamped at 8 p. m. near Lynnville.

December 25. - Sixth Ohio Battery, with Third Division, Battery E, First Michigan, with Second Division, and Battery B, Pennsylvania, with First Division, moved at 9 a. m.; Sixth Ohio Battery moved on. The brigade halted at Pulaski, and Sixth Ohio Battery, First Kentucky Battery, Battery G, First Ohio, and Twenty-fifth Indiana, fitted up from Battery B, Pennsylvania, Battery M, Fourth U. S. Artillery, and Battery E, First Michigan, with eight horses to each carriage, then moved on some two miles and a half on the Lamb's Ferry road, and encamped at 10 p. m.

December 26. - Battery B, Pennsylvania, Battery M, Fourth U. S. Artillery, and Battery E, First Michigan, remainder in camp at Pulaski.

December 27. - Battery G, First Ohio, Sixth Ohio Battery, Twenty-fifth Indiana Battery, and First Kentucky moved with the corps; marched fifteen miles, and encamped at Sugar Creek.

December 28. - Marched eighteen miles, and encamped at Lexington, Ala.

December 31. - Marched sixteen miles, and encamped at Sugar Creek, Ala.

January 2, 1865. - Battery G, First Ohio, and Sixth Ohio Battery and Twenty-fifth Indiana Battery, and First Kentucky Battery moved with the corps; marched fifteen miles, and encamped at Athens.

January 3. - Marched eighteen miles, and encamped at Indian Creek.

January 4. - Marched six miles, and encamped at Huntsville, Ala.

January 10. - Battery B, Independent Pennsylvania, and Battery M, Fourth U. S. Artillery, and Battery E, First Michigan, marched from Pulaski, Tenn.; marched nineteen miles and encamped at Elk Mount Spring, Tenn.

January 11. - Marched nineteen miles, and encamped at 4 p. m.

January 12. - Marched eight miles, and encamped at Huntsville, Ala.

