
I am greatly indebted to my staff - Major J. J. Reeve, assistant adjutant-general; Surg. H. M. Compton, medical director; Major J. E. McElrath, assistant quartermaster; Major J. H. F. Mayo, assistant commissary of subsistence; Major H. M. Mathews, ordnance officer; Captain G. D. Wise, assistant inspector-general; Captain Charles Vidor, assistant quartermaster; Lieutenant H. T. Botts, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant G. A. Hayward, aide-de-camp; also Captain W. H. Sikes, Forty-fifth Tennessee Regiment, and Lieutenant W. E. McElwewe, Twenty-sixth Tennessee Regiment, temporarily on duty at my headquarters - for their most efficient and valuable services, and for their untiring efforts to assist me during this arduous and trying campaign.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. L. STEVENSON,

Major-General.

Major J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Lee's Corps.

Numbers 240. Report of Major General Henry D. Clayton, C. S. Army, commanding division, of operations November 20 - December 27, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS CLAYTON'S DIVISION,In the Field, February 28, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following, being a report of the operations of this division in the campaign north of the Tennessee River, embracing a period from the 20th of November to the 27th of December.

On the 20th of November the line of march was taken up from Florence, Ala., in the direction of Nashville. The division reached Columbia on the 27th without incident worthy of mention, except the usual bad roads and bad weather incident to the season of the year. Here the enemy, having massed his forces from Pulaski and other neighboring points, was found strongly entrenched.

On the 29th, the enemy having withdrawn across Duck River, the balance of the army was moved to the right, leaving Stevenson's division and my own to confront him at this point. Preparations were made for crossing the river, which was accomplished on the evening of the 29th and the morning of the 30th of November. Moving rapidly up the road to Franklin we came up with the balance of the army at Spring Hill, and all soon moved on to Franklin, which was reached late in the afternoon of that day. We found that bloody and disastrous engagement begun, and were put in position to attack, but night mercifully interposed to save us from the terrible scourge which our brave companions had suffered.

On the following morning this division, being in front, resumed the march to Nashville, where it arrived in front of the enemy's works on the 1st of December, and, driving in his vedettes, took position, which was established as line of battle of the whole army. From this time until the morning of the 15th was spent in almost incessant work upon lines of entrenchments, of which four were constructed by this division.

Upon the morning of the 15th the engagement was begun by the enemy, who attacked the extreme right and left of the army and demonstrated along my front. It becoming necessary to send re-enforce

