
for me to proceed to Selma for an interview with the lieutenant-general, I started on the morning of the 16th; arrived at Selma on the 17th, and waited for General Taylor, by his order, until the morning of the 19th, when I started for Meridian and met him that night. I remained in Meridian on the 20th, also by his order to meet General Beauregard, Governor Clark, and General Brandon, and started for Corinth on the 21st, where I arrived on the 23rd, having met with delays on the road.

Receiving a telegram informing me of the movement of the enemy from Vicksburg that day, I started on a special train on the 24th to go through without stopping, but accidents on the road interfered with running a extra train, and I arrived at Meridian the usual hour on the 25th. I received telegrams on the road, and gave orders from the different stations. Arriving at Meridian I received information that the enemy had recrossed the Big Black and taken up his pontoon bridge. I then remained at Meridian on the 26th to at tent to necessary duties, and returned here the afternoon of the 27th.

I found the enemy Central Railroad, and that Griffith, with the cavalry of the Central District, was moving rapidly to meet him. I then ordered Hodge, who had arrived at Brookhaven with 450 men, to proceed toward Raymond to cover this front.

On the 28th information was received that the enemy had burned the railroad bridge across the Big Black, and also from Clinton, La.; that about 5,000 cavalry and artillery were moving from Baton Rouge toward Greensburg. (Full reports from commanders will be forwarded when practicable.)

When I left Jackson the enemy had started out from Baton rouge, and looking upon this as an ordinary raid (which it turned out to be), I gave all orders that could be given from my headquarters . The success of this raid seems to have been brought about by troops being surprised, even after knowing of the advance of the enemy. This will be examined into as soon as practicable. The state of affairs in the District of Southwest Mississippi and East Louisiana needs and entire overhauling, which I intend to effect as soon as circumstances will permit. The great cause for the deficiency of the troops, apparently, can be explained by the fact of a large number being in the vicinity of their homes, and leaving their commands or scouting parties at will, with or without leave. Another cause, undoubtedly, is the fact that large arrears of pay ar due, and the want of Confederate money necessitates the use of U. S. notes, which form the preferable currency of the country, and the soldiers obtain this by assisting or conniving at the illegal trade with the enemy . All these troops should be changed as soon as it can be practicable to do so. The post at Corinth and the Northern District of Mississippi, in the present position of affairs, have become of great importance, and I have felt it to be duty to give my personal supervision there; but the constant calls to this place, by the frequent threats and advances of the enemy, have kept me so much on the move that neither position could be properly attended to. It is also General Beauregard's wish that I should transfer my permanent headquarters at Corinth, but General Taylor deems it impracticable at present in reference to affairs here, and as a matter of course I must wait orders from department headquarters which I hold myself ready to comply with cheerfully and at all times.

this district is now composed of for sub-districts, as follows; Northeast District, north of thirty-second parallel and east of Pearl River and Mississippi Central Railroad; Northwest District, north of parallel

