
TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS.

Saturday, November 5. - Started for Johnsonville, Tenn., at 5 p. m.; reached Gillem's Station, fifty-one miles, at daybreak of the next day.

Sunday, November 6. - Left Gillem's Station in afternoon and reached Johnsonville about 7 p. m.

Monday, November 7. - Left Johnsonville about noon and reached Nashville about 11 p. m. In Nashville until Sunday, 13th November.

Sunday, November 13. - Left for Pulaski at 10 a. m., reaching it at 9 p. m. Staid in Pulaski until Wednesday, 23rd November.

Wednesday, November 23. - Marched to Lynnville; reached it at 1 p. m. Cox moved on the Pleasant Grove. Ruger at Columbia with two brigades (Second and Third, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps).

Thursday, November 24. - Moved at 4 a. m. for Columbia, Cox marching at 2.30 a. m. and Stanley about 3.30 a. m., Cox reaching Mount Pleasant pike, two miles south of Columbia, in time to check Forrest's advance.

Friday, November 25. - The troops having been put in position yesterday, the enemy commenced feeling our lines, using some artillery and showing considerable infantry. He made no perceptible headway; our casualties light. Trains were mostly crossed at the pontoon close to town and parked. Cox moved First and Second Brigades across at same point on Franklin pike, Ruger taking his command across to the railroad bridge and entrenching a bridge-head, and Stanley withdrawing two divisions into an interior line erected during the day. These movements commenced at dusk.

Saturday, November 26. - Henderson's (Third) brigade, Cox's division, and Wook's division, Fourth Army Corps, hold outer lines and skirmishing. Pontoon moved down near railroad bridge, and trains not already over commence to cross about 5 p. m. Headquarters still in town.

Sunday, November 27. - Trains finished crossing. Headquarters move to north bank of river. Railroad and pontoon bridges prepared for burning. Henderson and Wood withdrawn in the night, and troops now wholly on north bank of Duck River.

Monday, November 28. - Movement accomplished at daylight and finished by setting fire to bridges. Headquarters move to Franklin pike. Stanley placed in position in rear and left of Cox. Ruger's left in front of railroad bridge.

Tuesday, November 29. - Stanley with trains and Wagner's division march to Spring Hill. In a. m. Kimball shifted to cover left flank. Enemy reported crossing infantry near Huey's Mill. Wood makes reconnaissance and establishes report as true. Ruger ordered over from railroad bridge and pushed on toward Spring Hill about 3 p. m. Cox, Kimball, and Wood follow. Withdrawal made at dark. General Schofield forces way into Spring Hill with Ruger's two brigades and establishes communication with Stanley, capturing men of Cheatham's (rebel) corps. Stanley has been engaged briskly during the afternoon. In the evening ruger pushes on to thompson's Station, and Cox, coming up at 1 a. m. Wednesday, November 30, pushes forward to Franklin, takes position to cover the town, resting his left on Harpeth River. Kimball and Wagner follow and also go into line; Wood on north bank of Harpeth. Trains are crossed early in the day and pushed forward in p. m. for Nashville. Enemy attacked in force (tow corps) and are beaten back eleven times, with great slaughter. Our

