
November. The enemy having evacuated the place the night before, early on that morning I crossed Duck River and commenced the line of march for Franklin, Tenn. Owing to the length of the march on the eventful day of the battle of Franklin, the division to which my brigade was attached did not arrive in time to enter the conflict. Thrown forward, however, in advance of the other two brigades of the division to relieve some of the troops which had been engaged, I occupied the enemy's first line of works. While in this position I lost 1 officer killed and 2 or 3 men wounded. I remained here until about 9 o'clock the next morning, when I was ordered into the town of Franklin to guard it. Subsequently I was removed into camp, where I remained for a short time, when I resumed the line of march toward Nashville on the Franklin and Nashville pike.

On the 2nd of December I went into line of battle on Overton's Hill, in front of Nashville, when, after moving twice, I finally located on the one which I occupied until the army was retired on the night of the 15th of December. About 12 p. m. I took position near the same line from which I moved forward on the 2nd instant. Notwithstanding my men had been up all night, they were placed in that position of the line previously occupied, upon which no work had been done, consequently they had no time for rest, and, in fact, were engaged upon the fortifications when the action commenced.

About 9 a. m. on the 16th the enemy planted a battery which completely enfiladed my entire front. During the whole day I was therefore subjected to a fire of artillery, both direct and on my left, quite as severe as any to which I have ever been exposed. Between 2 and 3 o'clock my line was assaulted by the enemy, and notwithstanding the works, but frail at best, had been demolished in several places, the men stood true to their colors, and with a persistency and gallantry that could not have been excelled, poured a deadly fire into the enemy's ranks, which resulted in their successful repulse. Between 3 and 4 o'clock I was informed the entire left and given way, and was ordered to remain in position and await instructions. After waiting some little time, and not receiving any orders, seeing the imminent danger of capture to which my command was subjected, it being on the extreme right of the army, I took the responsibility of moving off. This was not done, however, I should, perhaps, state, until the whole army had given way and I left alone and unsupported, with the entire force of the enemy closing in upon me. It is with peculiar pleasure that I am enabled to chronicle the fact that not a man of my brigade, so far as I could see, left the works without orders, and that I was able to march them out in good order and save the battery which I supported. Not until the men saw fleeing before them the whole army did my brigade exhibit any evidences of panic; and though something of the kind was manifested for a short while, they collected promptly and were of the number that covered for two days the retreat consequent upon this great disaster.

During the day following I was engaged frequently with the enemy's cavalry, and on every occasion successfully repulsed them. In one charge my command captured between 75 and 100 prisoners, 1 stand of colors, with many horses, saddles, bridles, and such other things as constituted the outfit of a Federal cavalryman.

While my loss was comparatively slight, it is with painful regret that I am obliged to record the death of Lieutenant H. M. Wylie, adjutant of the Forty-second Georgia Regiment, and at the time acting on my staff. Conspicuous for gallantry as a soldier, efficiency as an officer, urbanity

