
Colonel Hunter, Fourth Louisiana Volunteers; Major Picolet, commanding Thirtieth; Lieutenant-Colonel Lindsay, Colonel Campbell, and Major Flournoy--all gave every assistance and conducted their parts with skill and courage.

I would particularly commend Lieutenant A. T. Martin, commanding battalion of sharpshooters, for his conspicuous gallantry and skill, and regret to say he was wounded and captured when quitting the trenches.

Lieutenant-Colonel Lindsay, while temporarily in command of my brigade, displayed fine qualities as an officer, and Colonel Henderson was conspicuous for his efficiency and bravery, while for a short time in command of Stovall's brigade, under trying circumstances.

I would again commend Captain A. L. Stuart, acting inspector-general, for his courage, judgment, and promptness. I regret to say that he was severely wounded. Captain H. H. Bein, assistant adjutant-general, and Captain G. Norton, acting assistant adjutant-general, were always prompt, efficient, and gallant, and especially so was Lieutenant C. Eustis, my aide-de-camp. Captain J. Hodges, assistant quartermaster, and Major W. V. Crouch, commissary of subsistence, have discharged their duties throughout with fidelity and intelligence.

I have to announce and to deplore the death of Captain C. W. Cushman, Thirtieth Louisiana Volunteers, who was killed at the trenches. He was a brave, intelligent, and efficient officer. Nor less zealous and worthy were Lieutenant J. J. Cawthon, Nineteenth Louisiana Volunteers, and Lieutenant C. Miller, Twentieth Louisiana Volunteers, who likewise fell in the discharge of their duties.

The annexed paper* (marked "A") contains a list of casualties.

Yours, very respectfully,

R. L. GIBSON,

Brigadier-General.

Captain J. M. MACON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 243. Report of Brigadier General James T. Holtzclaw, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of operations November 20-December 27, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS HOLTZCLAW'S BRIGADE,Near Tupelo, Miss., January 12, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my brigade north of the Tennessee River:

The brigade left Florence with the division on the 20th of November, and arrived in front of Columbia on the morning of the 27th; went into position and skirmished with the enemy late in the afternoon, but without any result. On the 29th, the enemy having withdrawn from the town, I crossed Duck River at 10 o'clock at night and formed on the brigade of General Pettus, which had effected a lodgment during the day. I had worked the remainder of the night entrenching within 100 yards of the enemy's skirmish line. At 4 a. m. the enemy withdrew, closely pursued by my skirmish line, under Major H. I. Thornton, who succeeded in capturing about forty prisoners from their rear guard. At daylight I moved forward with the division in pursuit of the enemy, believing and hoping that he would be forced to a general engagement while en route to Franklin. My command, notwithstanding it had worked all night without a moment for repose, moved forward

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

