
the gap south of Franklin. Moving on with the division I was ordered into line about six miles from Franklin just before dark. Just after I had formed another of the many cavalry stampedes from Chalmers' division occurred. In trying to get them out of my line and formed on the left I received a severe contusion on the ankle, so painful as to prevent my doing anything for several hours. I retired to seek medical aid, a fight with the enemy's cavalry occurring shortly after. My brigade acted under orders of the major-general. I need not, therefore, speak of its operations in that affair.

I joined my command at Columbia the next day. The corps of General Cheatham bringing up the rear, I with it marched to the Tennessee River, which we reached on the 25th of December, and fortified and crossed on the morning of the 27th.

I will say nothing of the hardships and exposures borne by my command; they but bore their part of the general burden; yet that part they bore with cheerfulness and spirit, and repulsed the enemy, with loss, whenever they encountered him on the soil of Tennessee.

My officers and men conducted themselves to my entire satisfaction throughout all the fights and marches.

To my division and corps commanders I return my sincere thanks. In every emergency of the campaign I have found them at hand ready to advise and assist me.

I offer no excuse for not bringing off Stanford's battery on the right of my line. It was so badly crippled as to be immovable, scarce a whole wheel remaining in its carriages, sustaining, without works, a fire from eighteen of the enemy's guns for seven hours.

Many daring achievements were performed by both officers and men of my command during our stay, which I will hereafter notice in application for them to the department and to army headquarters.

To the efficient commissary of my brigade, Major J. W. Williams, I am indebted for the faithful and prompt discharge of his duties. My quartermaster, W. B. Hoyt, by his vigilance and activity, succeeded in bringing every mule and wagon of my command south of the Tennessee River. He also accumulated and brought out in his train a wagon-load of leather and a fine supply of shoemakers' tools.

My loss while north of the Tennessee River was as follows: 1 officer and 8 men killed, 1 officer and 27 men wounded, and 13 officers and 149 men missing; total, officers, 15; men, 184; grand total, 199. A good many of the missing, I am satisfied, were killed and wounded in coming out of the trenches, while some made their way across the Tennessee River at different points and have not yet found their commands.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

J. T. HOLTZCLAW,

Brigadier-General.

Captain J. M. MACON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 244. Reports of Lieutenant General Alexander P. Stewart, C. S. Army, commanding Army Corps, of operations November 29, 1864--January 20, 1865.

HDQRS. STEWART'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Near Tupelo, Miss., January 20, 1865.

SIR: The following brief outline of the operations of this corps from September 29, 1864, to the close of the campaign is respectfully sub-

