
that retreat was cut off in that direction and greatly endangered even by the Franklin pike, the only route now left open for the whole army. At one time the enemy gained the spurs on the west side of the Granny White pike occupied by Cheatham's men, some of whom, falling back, formed parallel to Bate's line, on the south side of the hill occupied by his division, but a few hundred yards from his line and fronting in the opposite direction.

The situation then, briefly, was this: The left flank completely turned, the enemy crossing to east side of Granny White pike in our rear, and holding the ridge on that side and the pass through which this road runs. The ridge was high and steep, and extended beyond the Franklin pike to the east, and was put a short distance in rear of our line. It seemed as though in case of disaster escape was impossible. There was no reserve force that could be brought up to restore any break that might occur.

About 2 or 3 o'clock in the afternoon the commanding general sent for me, and white in conversation with him an officer of his staff announced that the line had given way. Not being present at the moment this took place, at least where I could witness it, and not yet being in possession of the official reports of subordinate commanders, I do not deem it proper to attempt to decide where the line first yielded. It would seem, however, that when once broken it very soon gave way everywhere, and the whole army made for the Franklin pike. In accordance with the orders of the commanding general, before alluded to, I had dispatched Major Foster, of the engineers, to find a suitable position beyond Brentwood for holding this road.

On reaching Brentwood, however, about dark, I received orders to move on to Franklin, and next morning to move toward Spring Hill and Columbia. Arriving at the latter place on the morning of the 18th, this corps took position on the north bank of Duck River, covering the passage of the entire army, and crossing about daylight of the 20th; so the following week at Tennessee River, Bainbridge, this corps covered the operations, and was the last to cross, which it did on the morning of December 28. At Columbia, a rear guard, composed of several brigades from its and the other corps, was organized and placed under the command of Major-General Walthall. This force, in connection with the cavalry, cover the retreat from Columbia to the Tennessee River.

It is due to the officers and men of this corps that I should bear testimony to their patient endurance of fatigue and privation, their cheerfulness and alacrity in obeying orders, and, above all, their heroic valor as displayed on many occasions since I have had the honor to command them, but pre-eminently at Franklin.

My thanks are due to Major-Generals Loring, Walthall, and French for their cordial co-operation and skillful management of their respective divisions, and to the several members of my staff, who have uniformly shown themselves competent, faithful, and zealous in the discharge of their duties.

I have omitted to state in its proper place that a short time after our advance to the vicinity of Nashville, Cockrell's brigade of Missourians, French's division, was ordered by the commanding general to the mouth of Duck River. It rejoined at Bainbridge, where we recrossed the Tennessee River.

Accompanying this report are maps* of the fields at Franklin and Nashville, as accurate as it is possible to make them.

---------------

*See Plate LXXIII, Maps 3 and 2 of the Atlas.

---------------

