
January 24. - Arrived at Cincinnati, via Tennessee and Ohio rivers. Left Cincinnati for Washington, D. C., p. m., via Little Miami Railroad.

January 29. - Arrived at Washington, D. C.

January 31. - Went into camp at Camp Stoneman, near Washington, D. C.

Second Brigade, First Division.

January 2. 1865. - The Second Brigade moved from Columbia, Tenn., toward Clifton, Tenn.

January 19. - Left Clifton, Tenn., and moved eastward.

January 31. - Arrived at Washington. The Twenty-eighth Michigan Volunteers, Colonel W. W. Wheeler commanding, assigned to Second Brigade.

First Brigade, Second Division.

November 1.- Broke camp near Calhoun, Ga.; marched to Resaca, eleven miles distant, and went into camp.

November 2. - Part of brigade took the cars for Nashville.

November 3. - Remainder of brigade received transportation.

November 5. - Arrived at Johnsonville, at which place the brigade remained until the 24th of the month, working on fortifications and performing picket and other duty.

November 24. - Broke camp at Johnsonville at 6 a. m.; marched to Waverly, eleven miles distant, and went into camp for the night.

November 25. - The brigade moved at 10 a. m., and after marching eight miles went into camp.

November 26. - Broke camp at 6 a. m.; marched nineteen miles, fording several creeks, and encamped on the bank of Piney River.

November 27. - Broke camp at 8 a. m.; marched to near Centreville, Tenn., and encamped for the night.

November 28. - Left two regiments of the brigade to guard the ford near Centerville. The remainder marched to Beard's Ferry, on Duck River, fifteen miles distant, and went into camp.

November 29. - Remained in camp.

November 30. - Broke camp at 12 m.; moved three miles in the direction of Franklin, and went into camp to await the arrival of the force left at Centerville.

December 1. - Broke camp at 12 m.; marched sixteen miles in a north-easterly direction, and went into camp.

December 2. - Broke camp at 8 a. m.; marched twenty-four miles, within seven miles of Nashville; rebels in front; reversed the order of march and marched until daylight of the 3rd; made sixteen miles during the night.

December 3. - Broke camp at 10 a. m.; marched to Charlotte, seventeen miles distant, and halted for the night.

December 4. - Marched fifteen miles in the direction of Clarksville, and halted.

December 5. - Marched to Clarksville, thirteen miles; crossed the Cumberland River, and went into camp.

December 6. - Remained in camp.

December 7. - Broke camp at dawn; marched twenty-two miles on the dirt road toward Nashville, and halted for the night.

December 8. - Daylight found the brigade on the move; marched twenty-four miles, and went into camp near Edgefield, opposite Nashville.

