
expected at this time do not enable me to make full mention of the hard marched and severer duties, in night time as well as in day, accomplished by my command during the time to which it refers, nor to do more than refer to the privations and trials bravely borne by my troops, ill clad and often shoreless, campaigning in the depths of a rigorous winter in Tennessee; but it is due to the officers who commanded the several brigades under me, and the artillery battalion which served with me, and the men they commanded, having witnessed their courage and endurance, their self-sacrifice and their fidelity, during the trials and dangers of this severe campaign, that I should here record my high appreciation of their conduct and services, and accord to them with my thanks my unqualified approval. All that their skill and courage, their labor and sufferings, could accomplish was freely given to reach results which could not be attained.

No subordinate reports have reached me later than those of the engagement on July 28. These will hereafter be sent up, with full lists of casualties, of which tabular statements have already been forwarded, and such details as cannot be incorporated in this paper.

On this campaign I was seconded by an efficient staff, always willing and fully competent to discharge any duties I assigned them, whether dangerous or difficult, and justice would be withheld were I to fail here to acknowledge my indebtedness for their faithful support and valuable service to those whose names appear below: Captain W. R. Barksdale, assistant adjutant-general; Captain George M. Govan, assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant A. F. Smith, assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant H. Powell, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Robert D. Smith, ordnance officer; Major W. A. Rayburn, quartermaster; Captain W. P. Davis, assistant quartermaster; Major S. H. Mulherrin, commissary of subsistence; Dr. W. L. Gammage, chief surgeon; Major D. W. Sanders and Lieutenant E. T. Freeman, of Major-General French's staff, who served with me at Nashville; Captain T. L. Bransford and Captain W. D. Harden, ordnance officers, and Lieutenant J. J. Kendall, Fourth Louisiana Regiment, who were of my staff while the army was near Atlanta; and Privates E. D. Clark, Fourth Louisiana Regiment, and George M. Walthall, of Chalmers' escort, who acted as my aides in the battle at Franklin, and the former on Juny 20 and 28 also.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. WALTHALL,

Major-General.

Captain W. D. GALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS WALTHALL'S DIVISION, December 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I respectfully report that the colors of the following regiments were lost in the engagement at Franklin:

Quarles' brigade: First Alabama Regiment, Fifty-third Tennessee Regiment, Forty-second Tennessee Regiment.

The color-bearers of these regiments were either killed or captured after having crossed the enemy's interior line of works.

Respectfully, captain, your obedient servant,E. C. WALTHALL,

Major-General.

Captain W. D. GALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

