
Tabular statement of casualties in Walthall's division is engagement of November 30, at Franklin, Tenn.

Killed. Wounded.

Command.	 Officers.	 Men.	 Officers.	 Men.

General staff.	 1

--------

1

-------

Quarles' brigade.	 16	 69	 25	 76

Cantey's brigade.	 6	 16	 18	 102

Reynolds' brigade.	 5	 15	 15	 67

Total.	 28	 100	 59	 245

CONTINUATION:

Missing.

Command.	 Officers.	 Men.	 Aggregate.

General staff.

-----------

-----------

2

Quarles' brigade.	 21	 79	 286

Cantey's brigade.	 11	 37	 190

Reynolds' brigade.

-----------

-----------

102

Total.	 32	 116	 580

Respectfully submitted.

E. C. WALTHALL,

Major-General.

HDQRS. WALTHALL'S DIVISION, STEWART'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Burnsville, Miss., January 3, 1865.

I respectfully submit the following report of the operations of my command from the time I reported to Major-General Forrest, at Columbia, Tenn., on the retreat from Nashville, until I rejoined my proper corps:

On the morning of the 20th of December, when the main body of the army had commenced moving from Columbia, I was informed by the general commanding that to three brigades of my own command be had ordered five others to be added, and he directed me with these troops to report to Major-General Forrest for service under his orders in covering the retreat of the army. I reported accordingly with the following brigades: Brigadier General W. S. Featherston's; Colonel J. B. Palmer's; Strahl's, commanded by Colonel C. W. Heiskell; Smith's, commanded by Colonel C. H. Olmstead; Maney's, commanded by Colonel H. R. Feild; Brigadier General D. H. Reynolds'; Ector's, commanded by Colonel D. Coleman; and Quarles', commanded by Brigadier General George D. Johnston--the last three belonging to my own division. These brigades were all greatly reduced in numbers, and deeming it expedient to consolidate them, that the command might be more wield and compact, I organized them thus: Palmer's and Smith's brigades, under Colonel Palmer; Maney's and Strahl's, under Colonel Feild; Reynolds' and Ector's, under Brigadier-General Reynolds; and Featherston's and Quarles', under Brigadier-General Featherston. All the wagons of these brigades, except ordnance wagons and a few to transport a limited supply of cooking utensils, were sent to the rear with the main army train.

During the afternoon I was directed by Major-General Forrest to send 200 men to picket along Duck River in front of Columbia, from the old mill, about a half mile above where our pontoon bridge had rested, to the fort, this to be continued till further orders. The enemy had appeared beyond the river in the forenoon, but made no demonstration except to use his artillery for a short time upon the town, doing no damage of consequence. No effort was made to effect a crossing in my front, and nothing of interest occurred during that day or the next.

On the morning of 22nd the officer in charge of my picket-line notified me that a detachment of the enemy's force had crossed the river some distance above the mill. I sent Colonel Feild with his command to protect the right of my picket-line, and the rest of my troops were being

