
put under arms, when a communication reached me from Major-General Forrest, informing me that the enemy had laid down a pontoon between one and two miles above the town and that several hundred had crossed. A few moments later the general came up, and after some little time spent in ascertaining the strength and probable purpose of the enemy, he directed me to put my command in motion on the pike leading toward Pulaski. Reaching a point within two miles and a half from Lynnville, I then took a position, by his direction, as a support for the cavalry, with which he operated in front, and remained there till sunrise on the 24th, when the march was resumed. I was directed when I arrived at Richland Creek to prepare to hold the crossing should the cavalry, which was retiring slowly, be so pressed as to make it necessary for them to pass over before night. I posted my command in strong position on the creek, about seven miles from Pulaski, and remained there till 8 o'clock at night, when I was ordered to retire to the outer line of earth-works, near the town. I remained there till daylight next morning, when I withdrew, and passing through Pulaski left the pike and took the road leading to Bainbridge, on the Tennessee River. The roads now were almost impassable, and the artillery and the few wagons which made our train were moved with considerable difficulty. We soon began to overhaul straggling wagons belonging to the train of the main army, and these, when practicable, were carried on with us, thus somewhat embarrassing our own movements. The enemy, with a heavy mounted force, as soon as we got on the dirt road at Pulaski, began to press us with boldness and vigor. It was determined to turn upon him, and as an advantageous position for this, a line was selected [25th] on Anthony's Hill, about seven miles from Pulaski. Here Featherston's and Palmer's commands, with a brigade of cavalry on either flank, were put in ambush to await the enemy's approach, Reynolds' and Feild's being reserved for support. So broken is the ground at that point, and so densely wooded, that there was no difficulty in effectually concealing the troops. A line no thicker than a strong line a skirmishers was exposed, which the enemy promptly engaged, and when it proved stubborn he dismounted part of his troops and made a charge. When the attacking force neared the troops lying in wait for them the latter delivered a destructive fire, and a section of artillery belonging to the cavalry, concealed near by, open upon it with considerable effect. The enemy retreated in disorder, and my command, by prompt pursuit, captured a number of prisoners and horses and one piece of artillery. About sunset we withdrew from this position, and at 11 o'clock reached Sugar Creek, where we camped. Here we came upon a large part of the army ordnance train, which had been delayed at this point, as we were informed, that the mules which belonged to it might be used to aid in moving the pontoon train to the river. This last having reached the river, the mules had been returned and the ordnance train moved on at an early hour next morning. Soon after it left I learned from Major-General Forrest that the enemy, not more than a mile off, were still pressing the cavalry, and that it would be necessary for the infantry at this point to dispute his advance. About sunrise [26th] Reynolds and Feild were put in position between the two crossings of the creek, and Featherston and Palmer were posted on a strong point immediately on this side of and commanding the second crossing, to guard against disaster in the event the troops in front of them were overcome. There was a fog that morning so dense that Reynolds and Feild were enabled easily to conceal their commands, except a small force purposely exposed in advance, and this, when encountered by the enemy,

