
fell back by previous arrangement upon the main body. The enemy, with part of his force dismounted, made vigorous pursuit, till fired on by the line in concealment, and then broke in confusion, followed by our troops. His fight being obstructed by the creek, we captured nearly all the horses of a dismounted regiment and some prisoners. After he had made his way across the creek the cavalry kept up the pursuit for a considerable distance. After this the enemy hung upon our rear but made no further demonstration. About 9 o'clock the march was resumed, and that night we encamped sixteen miles from the river.

In the afternoon the next day we reached Shoal Creek, and after passing over I was ordered to take a position to guard the crossing till I should be directed to withdraw. Here the cavalry passed us and moved on toward the river. The order to halt at Shoal Creek and my subsequent orders were received from Lieutenant-General Stewart, by whose directions I crossed the river with my command on the morning of the 28th, leaving a detail of 200 men to assist in taking up the pontoon bridge, under the supervision of the engineer officer in charge.

During the whole time covered by this report the weather was excessively severe, and the troops subjected to unusual hardships. For several days the ground was covered with snow, and numbers of the men made the march without shoes, some had no blankets, and all were poorly clad for the season. What they had to endure was borne without complaint, and the march was conducted in an orderly manner, though there was much in the surroundings to test severely the discipline of the troops. When the main army had been moving for forty-eight hours, and they were yet at Columbia and threatened by a heavy force, it was known, of course, to them that their situation was one of extreme peril, and the serious and discouraging disasters which had but recently befallen us were well calculated to bring all commands into a state of disorganization. For their fine conduct, despite these difficulties and disadvantages and the depression which then pervaded the whole army, the officers and men of my command are entitled to no little praise. I need not comment on it, as Major-General Forrest was present to witness it in person.

My subordinate officers and the staff officers who served with me have my thanks for the faithful and efficient discharge of all their duties and the support and co-operation which they uniformly afforded me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. WALTHALL,

Major-General.

Major J. P. STRANGE, Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.

Field return of Palmer's and Smith's brigades.

Command.	 Effective	 Total 	 Aggregate	 Servants

 total.	 present.	 present.	 .

Palmer's Brigade.

3rd and 18th	 12	 12	 17	 3

Tennessee.

32nd Tennessee.	 12	 14	 19

-------

45th Tennessee.	 37	 49	 80

-------

54th Virginia.	 105	 128	 142

-------

63rd Virginia.	 85	 129	 147

-------

60th North	 46	 106	 122	 3

Carolina.

