
Tabular statement of Ector's and Reynolds' brigades, December 21, 1864.

Command.	 Effective	 Total.	 Aggregate	 Servants

 total.	 	 	 .

Reynolds' brigade.	 187	 478	 532	 14

Ector's brigade.	 341	 563	 735	 20

Total.	 528	 1,041	 1,267	 34

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

HENRY WALDROP,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 247. Itinerary of Cheatham's Army Corps, October 31, 1864-January 17, 1865.*

October 31.-Reached Tuscumbia from bivouac at Town Creek; found the pontoon unfinished and no supplies; waited here nine days, and on the 10th of November, orders having been issued to cross the river, we commenced the movement, but the river having risen so as to necessitate the removal of a portion of the pontoon, the order was revoked, [and] our headquarters changed from Tuscumbia to Mr. Jackson's, near the river, where we remained until Sunday morning, November 13, when our corps commenced crossing, the bridge having been repaired. The infantry passed through Florence, with music, &c., and encamped beyond. Trains did not finish crossing until late at night, owing to break in bridge. Our headquarters at Mrs. Lawrence's house, half a mile from Florence.

November 21.-We left Florence is a snow-storm and marched some miles on the Waynesborough road. Headquarters at Mrs. Westmoreland's. Weather very cold, with snow.

November 22.-Still snowing, cold increasing. Made eighteen miles to-day. Headquarters at deserted house fourteen miles from Waynesborough. Cold and clear at night.

Wednesday, November 23.-Made Waynesborough by 4 p. m.; town deserted. Our wagon broke down four miles back.

Thursday, November 24.-Left Waynesborough and marched fourteen miles to Mrs. Chambers' house, where we made our quarters.

Friday, November 25.-Marched eighteen miles to-day, quartering at Kennedy's house, two miles from the Columbia pike. Heard of the evacuation of Pulaski, and that General Thomas was concentrating at Columbia, nineteen or twenty miles distant; also, that a great fight had taken place in Virginia, in which Lee whipped the enemy badly.

Saturday, November 26.-Marched about same distance as yesterday, to within two and a half miles [of] Columbia. Rained all day. Thomas in Columbia, with two corps (15,000). Skirmishing going on between Forrest and enemy. Headquarters at Mrs. Wilson's.

Sunday, November 27.-The army took position around the town, Lee, extending to the river, on the left, and Cheatham to river above, on the

---------------

*From journal kept by Major Henry Hampton, acting assistant adjutant-general.

---------------

