
right. Some little skirmishing; cavalry pickets relieved. Preparations made to cross the river above the town, but our pontoon trains did not come up. Headquarters changed to Mrs. Francis'.

Monday, November 28.-The enemy having evacuated Columbia during the night, we took possession of the place at daylight. Some of the troops behaved most shamefully in pillaging the citizens.

Tuesday, November 29.-Crossed the river above town with Cheatham's and Stewart's corps and moved toward Spring Hill to cut the enemy off; came up with him late in the afternoon, but no attack was made. He slipped by in the night, but finding his flank threatened by Forrest, destroyed a wagon train and cars of supplies and stores.

Wednesday, November 30.-A memorable day. Pursuing briskly as soon as it was light, we passed through Spring Hill about 7 a. m., and at 1 or 2 p. m. had again struck his rear about two and a half miles from Franklin. Driving in his advanced skirmishers we developed his position around the town. Cheatham and Stewart were at once put in position and moved on his works, Lee being held in reserve; order of battle from right to left-Forrest, Stewart, Cheatham-Cleburne, Brown, and Bate being the order of the divisions in the latter corps.

Thursday, December 1.-To-day spent in burying the dead, caring for the wounded, and reorganizing the remains of our corps. Lee and Stewart moved forward in the direction of Nashville, Forrest occupying Brentwood Station after a little brush.

Friday, December 2.-Our corps moved forward this morning on the Nashville pike, and bivouacked within five miles of the city on Mr. Regan's place.

Saturday, December 3.-To-day was spent in locating our lines. Some little skirmishing the enemy opening on us briskly with artillery from their forts.

Sunday, December 4.-Nothing of importance transpired. The army fortifying.

Monday, December 5.-The enemy advanced on our extreme right, driving our pickets from an abandoned line of works, but were in turn driven back and our former line re-established. News from Forrest and Bate; both captured block-houses between this and Murfreesborough.

Tuesday, December 6.-Everything quiet.

Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, December 7, 8, 9, 10, and 11.-Nothing worthy of mention occurring save a few very weak demonstrations on our right by a brigade of negroes. Bate withdrawn from Murfreesborough and arrived at Antioch, seven miles distant, on yesterday.

Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, December 12, 13, and 14.-Nothing of interest.

Thursday and Friday, December 15 and 16.-The battle of Nashville, followed by our retreat. On the night of the 16th we reached Franklin.

Saturday, December 17.-We continued our retreat and reached the vicinity of Spring Hill that night.

Sunday, December 18.-We started from Spring Hill, and our corps formed line of battle about two and a half miles from the town, where we skirmished with the Yankee cavalry an hour or so. Moving on we crossed Rutherford's Creek, and bivouacked on the south bank.

Monday, December 19.-Fought the enemy nearly all day on the creek, withdrawing in the afternoon and crossing Duck River, leaving Stewart on the north bank, who, however, also withdrew that night and crossed.

