
Tuesday, December 20.-Marched to Lynnville, twenty-three miles south of Columbia.

Wednesday, December 21.-Made Pulaski.

Thursday, December 22.-Left Pulaski and moved out five miles.

Friday, December 23.-Marched about twenty miles on the Lewisburg road.

Saturday, December 24.-Marched fourteen miles to-day, leaving ten miles to make to the river.

Sunday, December 25.-Moving at daylight we soon reached Shoal Creek, two miles from the river. After great difficulty, on account of the high water and rough ford, we succeeded in crossing, and bivouacked between the creek and river. This corps was at once put in position, and built works that night to protect the bridge in case the enemy should move on us from below, which was thought not improbable. Heard the gun-boats all day in the direction of Florence.

Monday, December 26.-The pontoon across the river was completed this morning after working on it all night, General Cheatham supervising in person, and about sunrise the trains began to cross. By night most of our wagons and artillery had crossed. Leaving orders for his troops to move across at 3 o'clock the next morning, General C[heatham] came over about 7 o'clock at night and slept some two miles from Bainbridge. Two gun-boats came up the river in the afternoon to within two or three miles of the bridge, but were driven back by our batteries.

Tuesday, December 27.-The army having nearly all crossed, we moved on through Tuscumbia, and bivouacked in the mud that night in the vicinity of Cane Creek, ten miles from Tuscumbia.

Wednesday, December 28.-Marched from Cane Creek, through Barton Station, to Bear Creek, a distance of sixteen miles; our quarters two miles this side of the bridge, at Head's. Bear Creek swimming; have to pontoon it.

Thursday, December 29.-Spent in preparing timbers for the pontoon. Crossed some wagons on the railroad bridge.

Friday, December 30.-Left Head's at daylight and went to railroad bridge to see the corps across the creek. It being impossible to procure the boats, General C[heatham] determined to cross on the railroad; accomplished it by 2 p. m., and marched in the direction of Iuka, through which town we passed and bivouacked three miles beyond and five miles from Burnsville, making a march of twelve miles.

Saturday, December 31.-Passed through Burnsville and made Corinth, fourteen miles from Burnsville, that night.

January 1 to 9, 1865.-Spent in Corinth.

Tuesday, January 10.-We started from Corinth at daylight, the troops moving down the railroad, and made our quarters at Rienzi, fifteen miles distant, that night.

January 11 to 13.-Spent on the road to Tupelo. Owing to the impassable condition of the roads we were compelled to take a very circuitous route with the wagons and horses. At Saltillo, on the 13th, we parted with the wagons, they going around by Verona and we coming through the swamp around Tupelo, reaching that place about 3 p. m.

January 14 to 17.-Remained at Tupelo.

