
commanded his fort, convinced his troops that their capture was certain, and they very eagerly surrendered. The garrison was composed of about 800 negro troops, commanded by white officers, and about 100 cavalry. We got some arms and a good quantity of stores, which our corps enjoyed. The remainder of the 13th and the morning of the 14th were spent by the corps in destroying the railroad at Dalton and back to Tunnel Hill. We left Dalton on the afternoon of the 14th and passed Rocky Face, through Mill Creek Gap, camping at Villanow.

On the 15th we passed Taylor's Ridge, through Ship's Gap, and camped in the Chattooga Valley, on the Summerville road. Early next morning, the 16th, I was ordered to march back with the regiment to the gap, and dispute the pass until ordered to retire. We reached the gap about 8 o'clock, and I at once disposed my regiment for its defense. The growth of the mountain on the side of the enemy's approach was thick, and the winding direction of the road made it impossible to see the force advancing. To the right and left of the gap the woods made it easy for my flanks to be turned by troops passing beyond the reach of my small force. I placed Companies A and F, Captains Steinmeyer and Sherard, under Captain Roddey, acting major of the Twenty-fourth, about a quarter of a mile in advance down the mountain, and instructed Roddey to take advantage of the woods, deploy his companies, and detain the enemy as long he could, falling back on the right and left of the regiment when pressed too hard. I cautioned him about his flanks, and left him full discretion to act as his judgment decided, communicating with me as opportunity occurred. The cavalry passed in about 10 o'clock and reported General Sherman's head of column advancing on the gap. I rode down to Roddey, and found his force well disposed, and was with him when the skirmishers of the enemy began firing. Riding back to an open place on the ridge, to the left of the regiment, I could see the enemy's trains and columns on the Villanow road, and counted seventeen flags. These facts I reported by courier to General Gist, who sent me a dispatch to hold the gap as long as I could, but not to lose my regiment. It was now about 11 o'clock, and Roddey was skirmishing heavily. I sent my adjutant, Lieutenant Holmes, to him, and he reported to me that the enemy were firing from the front all along Roddey's line, but showed only a strong skirmish line. Shortly after Lieutenant Holmes returned from Roddey we heard the enemy raise a shout from the direction of both flanks of Roddey's force, and the firing suddenly ceased. Very soon the men of Companies A and F who had escaped capture came in and told us that a force had passed around each flank of their line, and charging in rear, had cut off Roddey and most of his command. The regiment was in the gap, with the right and left companies deployed to protect our flanks. The enemy soon pressed up the mountain and charged our position, but the well-directed fire of the Twenty-fourth drove him back. He continued to fire from the front, and soon our vedettes reported to me from the left that a force was moving through the woods to my rear. This determined me to pass the defile, and I accordingly conducted the regiment to the rear by the right flank, each company firing up to the moment of marching. The enemy did not press us, and I conducted the regiment to the bivouac of the brigade on the Summerville road, the cavalry relieving us at the foot of the ridge. We lost 4 officers and about 40 men in this affair. Captains Roddey, Steinmeyer, and Sherard, and Lieutenant Gray were captured, with about half of the force they commanded. Most of those captured were so completely

