
ward. Just before the charge was ordered the brigade passed over an elevation, from which we beheld the magnificent spectacle the battle-field presented-bands were playing, general and staff officers and gallant couriers were riding in front of and between the lines, 100 battle-flags were waving in the smoke of battle, and bursting shells were wreathing the air with great circles of smoke, while 20,000 brave men were marching in perfect order against the foe. The sight inspired every man of the Twenty-fourth with the sentiment of duty. As we were pressing back the enemy's advance forces Lieutenant Colonel J. S. Jones feel mortally wounded in front of the right of the regiment. General Gist, attended by Captain H. D. Garden and Lieutenant Frank Trenholm, of his staff, rode down our front, and returning, ordered the charge, in concert with General Gordon. In passing from the left to the right of the regiment the general waved his hat to us, expressed his pride and confidence in the Twenty-fourth, and rode away in the smoke of the battle, never more to be seen by the men he had commanded on so many fields. His horse was shot, and, dismounting, he was leading the right of the brigade when he fell, pierced through the heart. On pressed the charging lines of the brigade, driving the advance force of the enemy pell-mell into a locust abatis, where many were captured and sent to the rear; others were wounded by the fire of their own men. This abatis was a formidable and fearful obstruction. The entire brigade was arrested by it. Fortunately for us the fire of the enemy slackened to let their advance troops come in, and we took advantage of it to work our way through. Gist's and Gordon's brigades charged on and reached the ditch of the work, mounted the work, and met the enemy in close combat. The colors of the Twenty-fourth were planted and defended on the parapet, and the enemy retired in our front some distance, but soon rallied and came back, in turn, to charge us. He never succeeded in retaking the line we held. About dusk there was a lull in the firing west of the pike. Brown's division had established itself in the ditch of the work and so far as Gist's brigade front on the crest. Torn and exhausted, deprived of every general officer and nearly every field officer, the division had only strength enough left to hold its position. Strahl's and Carter's brigades came gallantly to the assistance of Gist's and Gordon's, but the enemy's fire from the houses in rear of the line and from his reserves, thrown rapidly forward, and from guns posted on the far side of the river so as to enfilade the field, tore their line to pieces before it reached the locust abatis. Strahl and his entire staff were killed together before reaching the work, and Carter was mortally wounded. But there was no backward movement of this line. Its momentum, though slackened by its terrible losses, carried it on to the ditch. Major B. Burgh Smith, of the brigade staff, who was commanding the Sixteenth South Carolina Volunteers, was now also the senior officer of the brigade, every superior officer having been either killed or wounded. Major Smith established the line on the works and maintained an effective fire until 9 o'clock by having the men in the ditch, many of whom were wounded, to load and pass up the muskets to the men on the work. Major Smith informs me that men and officers of Deas' brigade, of Johnson's division (which came on the field late in the evening), assisted in maintaining this fire. About 10 or 10.30 o'clock, Lieutenant James A. Tillman, of the Twenty-fourth, led his own company (I) and men from other companies of the regiment in a charge against the enemy over the work, and captured the colors of the Ninety-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry and some forty prison-

47 R R-VOL XLV, PT I

