
ers. The regiment held its position, as did the brigade, against repeated attempts to drive it from the work, until about midnight, when the enemy retired and left our army in possession of the bloody field of Franklin. I was shot down before reaching the last work, and have reported the facts occurring after my wound upon the statements of the men and officers who visited me at the hospital on the next day.

At the close of the battle Captain Gillis, of the Forty-sixth Georgia, was the senior officer of the brigade; of the general's staff, Captain H. D. Garden alone remained. Before we reached the locust abatis the ranks of the regiment were decimated by the direct and enfilade fire of the enemy, and the lieutenant-colonel and myself had both been shot down, yet the company officers led their men forward, worked their way through the abatis, and assaulted the main work. Lieutenant Gailey, of Company F, and Lieutenant Padgett, of Company I, with many of the men, were killed beyond the work.

I would specially commend the gallant conduct of Lieutenant James A. Tillman, commanding Company I, who led his company over the work and captured the flag and some forty prisoners of the Ninety-seventh Ohio Regiment. Lieutenant Tillman specially commends the gallantry of Privates J. P. Blackwell, Anderson Walls, and J. E. O. Carpenter in this affair. I would also mention specially the gallantry of Privates Prewett and Mock, both of whom were killed on the last line of the enemy. Lieutenant W. M. Beckham, of Company G, acting adjutant; Captain Bowers, of Company D; Lieuts. Claude S. Beaty, Company F, Adrian C. Appleby, Company C, C. D. Easterling, Company B, McDaniel, Company H, and Andrews, Company K, were conspicuous in the field for their gallant conduct. The conduct of these officers came under my notice, but I have no doubt others acted with equal gallantry whose conduct did not come under my immediate notice. Private Adam Carpenter bore the flag with courage and faithfulness, and Color Corporals Jones, Company B, and Morgan, Company K, were both wounded. Lieutenants Weeks, Company C, Tatum, Company B, and Millen, Company H, were severely wounded on the field.

I would specially commend the gallantry and devotion of the litter corps, under Private Joseph Breland. They kept up with the regiment, and rendered prompt assistance to the wounded, several of them being themselves wounded on the field.

I have no data at hand to report accurately our losses in the campaign. Captain Risher with his company, E, had been detailed for special duty and was not in the engagement. Relying upon my memory, I would report the loss of the regiment, including about 43 captured at Ship's Gap and the loss at Franklin, to be about 150 men and officers. Lieutenant Colonel J. S. Jones died of his wounds at the division hospital a few days after the battle. His loss will be much felt by the regiment and is greatly deplored by his colonel.

From Palmetto to Franklin the regiment marched over 500 miles. We suffered much during November from the bad weather and from the want of clothing, shoes, and blankets. Once during the campaign the men received as a ration three ears of corn to each man, and frequently we had nothing but corn meal. But I am happy to report that no man deserted the flag of his regiment, and no command of the army fought with more spirit and heroic determination at Franklin than the Twenty-fourth South Carolina Volunteers.

The 1st day of December was devoted to burying our dead and reforming the broken, decimated ranks of the regiment. Under the skillful and kind care of Dr. W. G. McKinzie, our division surgeon, the

