
wounded were made comfortable in the Harrison house, on the Columbia pike; and on the 2nd of December the Twenty-fourth, under the command of Captain Griffith, Company C, marched with the army to Nashville. I have had no tidings from it since, except the published reports of the disaster which befell General Hood on the 16th, and the retreat of the army to Corinth.

Respectfully submitted.

ELLISON CAPERS,

Colonel.

Captain H. D. GARDEN,

Assistant Inspector-General, Gist's Brigade, Army of Tennessee, near Corinth, Miss.

Numbers 249. Report of Brigadier General James A. Smith, C. S. Army, commanding Cleburne's division, of operations November 20-December 26, 1864.

HEADQUARTERS CLEBURNE'S DIVISION, Tupelo, Miss., January 23, 1865.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this division in the late campaign in Middle Tennessee:

When the army moved from Florence, Ala., on or about the 20th of November, my brigade was detached and left behind for the purpose of convoying a supply train which it was supposed would be ready to follow the army in a few days. It was, however, detained at the river until the 28th, when I moved with it and joined the army in front of Nashville on the 6th of December. Being the senior officer present with the division after the death of General Cleburne I took command of it on my arrival. I found it much reduced in numbers, especially in officers, many having been killed and wounded in the battle of Franklin on the 30th of November; nor was the tone and morable such as was desirable, owing to the fearful loss sustained in that battle. The division was at this time in line of battle on the extreme right of the army, its left (Govan's brigade) resting on to Nolensville pike, and the right (Lowrey's brigade) on the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad cut, about two miles and a half from the city, Granbury's brigade being in reserve to support the other brigades or check any movement of the enemy on our right flank. On the 7th my brigade, commanded by Colonel Olmstead, of the First Georgia Regiment, was again detached and ordered to report to Major-General Forrest, who was operating near Murfreesborough. It did not rejoin the division again until we recrossed the Tennessee River. (For information concerning it I refer you to the accompanying report of Colonel Olmstead.) While the division was in line as above stated skirmishes with the enemy (generally negro troops) were of frequent occurrence, resulting, however, in but little loss on either side. On the 13th Granbury's brigade was ordered to take position on the north side of the railroad cut and to construct a redoubt capable of containing 300 men. On the 15th the enemy made a formidable attempt on this position by a direct assault, and at the same time by a flank movement came in its rear. This attempt was a disastrous failure, he having to retire in confusion, leaving many of his dead and wounded on the field. In this affair Granbury's brigade behaved with its habitual spirit and gallantry, its loss on this occasion being about thirty killed

