
November 16. - Crossed the river and built works.

November 17 to 21. - Remainder in camp.

November 22. - The Ninety-first and One hundred and twenty-third Indiana Volunteer Infantry ordered to Williamsport, Tenn., per order of General Ruger, commanding the Second Division.

November 23. - The Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, and the Fourth Corps feel back from Pulaski, Tenn., to Columbia.

November 24. - Skirmished with General Hood's advance. The Seventy-second Illinois temporarily assigned to Third Brigade.

November 25. - All transportation sent across the river.

November 26. - Remained in position.

November 27. - The One hundred and eighty-third Ohio assigned to the Third Brigade.

November 28. - Forces fell back across the river. The Third Brigade held position near railroad bridge.

November 29. - The Forty-fourth Missouri temporarily assigned to the Third Brigade. Marched at 12 m., the Thrid Brigade in advance of division; moved to Spring Hill; slight skirmishing from 5 to 9 p. m.; the Forty-fourth Missouri and One hundred and eighty-third Ohio moved in rear of transpiration; remainder of brigade reached Johnson's [Thompson's?] Station at 12 o'clock.

November 30. - At 2 a. m. moved from Johnson's [Thompson's?] Station; reached Franklin at 6 a.m. and commenced throwing up works; completed works at 12 m.; position west of Columbia pike, on left of the Second Brigade and right of the Third Division. At 3 p. m. heacavy skirmishing. At 3.30 p. m. general assault of the enemy; solid column marching down the Columbia pike; arrived at our works almost simultaneously with a retreating force of the Fourth Corps; succeeded in flanking outer line of works and temporarily occupied them; reserve regiments - the Forty-fourth Missouri and One hundred and eighty-third Ohio - ordered to support the Fiftieth Ohio and Seventy-second Illinois; enemy driven our of works and many prisoners captured.

Casualties of the Third Brigade: Colonel R. C. Bradshaw, Forty-fourth Missouri, and Lieutenant Colonel Mervin Clark, One hundred and eighty-third Ohio, killed.* Fiftieth Ohio - Officers, wounded, 3; captured, 2. Enlisted men, killed, 7; wounded, 33; missing, 65. Seventy-second Illinois - Officers, wounded, 9. Enlisted men, killed, 10; wounded, 58; missing, 75. Forty-fourth Missouri- Officers, killed, 3; wounded, 3. Enlisted men, killed, 48; wounded, 28; missing, 54. One hundred and eighty-third Ohio - Officers, killed, 2; wounded, 4. Enlisted men, killed, 2; wounded, 39. Total, killed, 72; wounded, 177; missing, 194.

December 1. - At 12 midnight the brigade commenced the march from Franklin, Tenn., back to Nashville. Arrived at 12 m. and took position near and on the left of Forty Negley.

December 2 to 14. - Remained in position; pickets skirmishing with the enemy. The ninety-first and One hundred and twenty-third Indiana arrived at Nashville and rejoined the brigade; the Forty-fourth Missouri and Seventy-second Illinois Regiments removed.

December 15. - At 7 a. m. left camp and followed the Second Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, to the right; when near Hillsborough pike took position on the extreme right of the Second Division, in front of Compton's Hill. At 4 p.m. became engaged with the enemy and repulsed them. At 8 p.m. ordered to move and take position on right of the First Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps; built works and threw out skirmishers in front.

---------------

*Colonel Bradshaw was wounded, not killed.

---------------

