
condition and the weather intensely cold, so that the sufferings of the men, who were many of them barefooted and all poorly clad, were intense. On arriving at Duck River it was found to be so much swollen by heavy rains as to be impassable. We were accordingly ordered to Columbia, which place we reached late at night on the 18th. Here we remained for three days, receiving orders to report to Major-General Walthall as a portion of the rear guard of the army.

Early on the morning of the 22nd the enemy crossed the river in force above Columbia, and [we] commenced our retreat. We retired slowly, forming line of battle occasionally, until we had gotten some six or seven miles on this side of Pulaski, when the enemy pushed us so hard that it was determined to stop and fight them. Accordingly, the line was formed, our position being upon the extreme left of the infantry, with Palmer's brigade upon our right, the cavalry upon our left. The enemy approached boldly, a heavy line of skirmishers preceding them. Upon a given signal our whole line charged, when the enemy retired in confusion after offering but a slight resistance. We captured a number of horses and one piece of artillery, a 12-pounder Napoleon. This was on Christmas day. On the following day the rear guard was again attacked, but this brigade was not engaged in the affair, nor did we again meet the enemy.

On the 28th we recrossed the Tennessee, and on the 1st of January rejoined our division at Corinth, from whence we marched to Tupelo. The conduct of men and officers in this trying retreat was admirable; they bore the hardships forced upon them unflinchingly, and were ever ready to show a bold front on the approach of the enemy.

I would especially call the attention of the general commanding to the gallant conduct of Private P. Murner, of the First Georgia, and Private A. Vicary, of the Fifty-fourth Georgia. These men carried the colors of their respective regiments, and showed conspicuous bravery in the charge on the 25th.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. H. OLMSTEAD,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain W. W. HARDY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

List of casualties: 1 killed, 2 wounded, 70 missing. The missing were most of them men who broke down physically on the other side of Duck River, and are supposed to have fallen into the hands of the enemy.

CHAS. H. OLMSTEAD,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 251. Report of Major General William B. Bate, C. S. Army, commanding division, of operations November 21-December 25, 1864.

HEADQUARTERS BATE'S DIVISION, Tupelo, Miss., January 25, 1865.

MAJOR: In obedience to orders from corps headquarters, I have the honor most respectfully to forward this report of the operations of my command in the late Tennessee campaign.*

---------------

*For portion of report here omitted, see Vol. XXXIX, Part I, p. 826.

---------------

