
battery should occasion require, which was ordered to open on the block-house just across the creek, guarding the railroad bridge. Tyler's brigade (General T. B. Smith commanding) was held in reserve; Jackson's was immediately put to destroying the railroad. About noon the enemy appeared on the opposite side of the creek, but was dispersed two or three times by a few well-directed shots from the artillery. He returned in the evening, re-enforced by infantry and artillery. He moved a skirmish line down near the creek, as if to prevent our crossing, and about sundown turned my left flank with his cavalry and charged my battery. It was anticipated, however, and Tyler's brigade brought to its support in time to repulse it, in conjunction with the battery, which fired double charges into his lines, not fifty yards distant, scattering them in all directions and securing fifteen or twenty of their horses. Meanwhile the infantry attacked the three regiments of the Florida brigade with vastly superior numbers, wounding Colonel Bullock and driving his command back from the creek. Jackson's brigade was promptly thrown forward to meet this advance, and with one volley repulsed and drove his infantry across the creek. I threw out skirmishers to the bank of the creek and held the field.

Slocomb's battery, under command of Lieutenant Chalaron, acted with conspicuous and most effective gallantry.

Colonel Ed. Dillon reported with the squadron of cavalry just before night-too late to take part in the fight. I certainly did not suppose this was all the support I was to get from General Forrest, mentioned in the before-quoted order. I ordered him to relieve the infantry pickets at 10 o'clock, at which hour I withdrew my infantry and artillery across Stewart's Creek, fearing the enemy might get on my flank or rear with his superior numbers during the night, and also to begin operations on the road early next morning.

In the fight my losses were 15 killed, 50 wounded (Colonel Bullock, commanding the Florida brigade, among the latter), and 13 missing. I have every reason to believe that the losses of the enemy were much greater. We buried some of his dead which he left when driven from the field.

Early on the morning of the 5th dispositions were made to take the block-houses at Stewart's Creek, Read's Branch, and Smyrna, which, as we moved upon them, the enemy precipitately evacuated. Each of these were burned after removing the stores; also the bridges they were intended to guard, and several miles of the railroad destroyed. While these operations were going on General Forrest arrived with two divisions of cavalry, followed by two infantry brigades (Sears', of French's, and Palmer's, of Stevenson's division), with artillery, and, by virtue of rank, assumed command of the forces near Murfreesborough. The order to keep in view the object of my mission, viz, "to destroy the railroad," seemed to be revoked, and offensive operations against Murfreesborough assumed, which did not accord with my judgment, as I was satisfied there were 8,000 or 10,000 Federals within, strongly fortified and with a large amount of artillery in position. Not deeming it prudent to attack such works manned with twice our numbers, I, however, readily gave cheerful co-operation. By command of General Forrest I ceased operations on the railroad and moved back toward Murfreesborough. On the 6th I closed in my lines and pressed forward skirmishers as near to the works around Murfreesborough as practicable, in doing which I lost sixteen men from Caswell's battalion of sharpshooters. I dug pits for skirmishers and built defenses for my main line.

