
I was ordered by General Forrest to move my entire command at daylight on the 7th to the Wilkinson and my wagon train to the Salem turnpike, which was done. My command was ordered to be an extension of the right of Colonel Palmer's brigade, which occupied a hill fronting the fort and works of the enemy located on the west bank of Stone's River. While the order was being executed the enemy was observed to be moving a force across Stone's River above the town of Murfreesborough and down the Salem turnpike. At this juncture I was ordered by General Forrest to make dispositions to move, in conjunction with Colonel Palmer, on the works of the enemy, which, however, was revoked by ordering me to take charge of infantry and put it into position near where the Wilkinson turnpike crosses Overall's Creek, which I proceeded to do, under the personal direction of General Forrest. The main line was established on the southwest side of the turnpike, diagonally to but not crossing it any point, with the right towards the creek, in the following order by brigades, beginning on the right: Sears', Palmer's, Finley's. Jackson's and Tyler's brigades were placed by me in reserve across the turnpike from main line. Temporary works were constructed of rails and logs. The artillery was placed at the most eligible and advantageous points. While temporary works were being built of rails and logs the enemy presented himself in our front, but was speedily driven out of view by our artillery. I was ordered by General Forrest to put my entire command in the main line. Jackson was then ordered to the left of Finley's brigade, Sears brought from the right to the left in prolongation of and retiring main line toward the turnpike. He soon presented himself again, turning our left flank and advancing diagonally to it. General Forrest ordered the whole line by the left flank. The extent of the enemy's line was not visible. Sears leading and Jackson following, under my order, moved too far to the left; the Florida and Palmer's brigades were halted in the temporary works just vacated by these two. Smith was immediately brought in between them at right angles with the turnpike and in full front of the enemy, who was within 200 yards, driving in our skirmishers, the cavalry on the left having fallen back with but slight resistance. The time of the reappearance of the enemy emerging from the woods, when he was thought to have retired to Murfreesborough (no information being received by me from the cavalry in my front), did not admit of sufficient time to adjust the line before he was upon us, hence there was a space of perhaps 75 or 100 yards between Smith's right and Finley's left. Jackson and Sears were immediately ordered to move, under the conduct of a staff officer, Major Shaaff, by the right flank and align on Smith's left, who was now engaged with the main line of the enemy. The enemy's line came diagonally from the left and struck Finley's and Palmer's brigades, crumbling and driving them from the temporary works. Meanwhile Smith's (Tyler's) and the right of Jackson's brigade, which was getting in position, drove back in gallant style the right of the enemy's lines which confronted them. I did not again see the Florida and Palmer's nor Sears' brigade until night, they being under the immediate conduct of General Forrest. I remained in person with Smith's and Jackson's brigades. The enemy occupied the line vacated by Finley's and Palmer's brigades on Smith's flank, but did not push up vigorously. I changed front to rear on my left battalion and formed line in the woods parallel to and near the turnpike, where I remained without molestation until ordered by General Forrest to move across the creek and join him (who was then with cavalry,

