
December 16. - Remained in same position under fire until 3 p. m., when a charge was made by a part of the Sixteenth Army Corps upon Compton's Hill, carrying it. The Third Brigade moved through enemy's works, and encamped near Granny White pike for the night.

December 17 and 18. - Marched in pursuit of retreating enemy to Franklin.

December 19. - Remained in camp.

December 20. - Moved to Spring Hill.

December 21. - Marched to Duck River, opposite Columbia.

December 22 to 31, inclusive. - Remained in camp.

Casualties of 15th and 16th: One hundred and eighth-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry - Commissioned officers, wounded, 1. Enlisted men, killed, 1; wounded, 6. Fiftieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry - Commissioned officers, wounded, 1. Enlisted men, wounded, 1. One hundred and twenty-third Indiana Volunteer Infantry - Commissioned officers, wounded, 1. Enlisted men, wounded, 6. Ninety-first Indiana Volunteer Infantry - Enlisted men, wounded, 5. Total, killed, 1; wounded, 21.

January 1, 1865. - The Third Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, commanded by Colonel John O'Dowd, One hundred and eighty-first Ohio Volunteers, in camp on north side of Duck River, Tenn., in sight of Columbia, Tenn.; no pickets thrown out.

January 2. - Brigade ordered to move at 8 a.m., following Second Brigade; cross the river and march to within two miles of Mount Pleasant; encamp for the night and throw out pickets, covering the front; distance marched, eleven miles and a half.

January 3. - Brigade ordered to moves at 7 a. m., taking the advance of the division, and march through Mount Pleasant on the road to and within two miles of Centreville, making about fifteen miles; encamp for the night and throw out skirmishers, covering our front.

January 4. - Brigade moves at 7 a. m. in rear of the division; pioneers sent forward to repair roads, in charge of Lieutenant-Colonel Hatry, One hundred and eighty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry; division halts and encamps to draw rations; picket front and right flank.

January 5. - Brigade moves at 6.30 a. m. in center of division; pioneers still in advance repairing the roads; march to within one mile and a half of Waynesborough, Tenn., and encamp.

January 6. - Still in camp. Brigadier-General McLean assumes command of the brigade.

January 7. - Remain in camp.

January 8. - March twelve miles, to within three miles of Clifton, Tenn.

January 9. - Remain i camp.

January 10. - March at 7 a. m. to Clifton and await transportation. January 11 to 15. - Remain in camp; pickets thrown out.

January 16. - At 8 p. m. march, following Second Brigade, and embark upon steam-boats Burd Levi, Financier, and Marmora.

January 17. - Start at 6.30 a. m.; reach Paducah at 9.30 p.m.

January 20. - Arrive at Louisville, Ky.

January 22. - Reach Cincinnati, Ohio.

January 23. - Take cars at Fulton; brigade separated.

January 24 to 29. - Move, via Little Miami, Central Ohio, and Baltimore and Ohio Railroads, to Washington, D. C.

January 30 to 31. - More to and occupy Camp Stoneman, four miles from Washington, D. C.

