
Nashville, and are yet in prison. Major Ball having arrived, and being ranking officer present in Finley's brigade, assumed command and conducted it at Nashville.

Captain Beauregard, commanding my artillery, showed merit beyond his years, [and] managed the battalion not only to my satisfaction, but to the good of the service and to his won credit.

I take pleasure in making my acknowledgments for their promptness and gallantry to Major Arthur Shaaff, my inspector; Captain H. J. Cheney, my assistant adjutant-general; Lieuts. R. B. McClure, John B. Pirte, and Charles B. Rogan, of my personal staff; and Captain w. H. Rhea, paymaster of my division,w ho participated with us in the fifth without obligation to do so; also to Lieutenant Magruder, my ordnance officer. I am also much indebted to my chief surgeon, Doctor McDowell, for his skill and unwearying application to his delicate trust; to Major John L. Brown, commissar, for his success in getting up and distributing supplies under most embarrassing circumstances; and Major E. P. Tyree, quartermaster, for his promptness, vigilance, and success in managing his department without loss during the long march and hazardous retreat of either wagons or supplies.

My escort company, under Captain J. H. Buck and Lieutenant J. W. Henderson, merits my special commendation for gallantry upon the field and the faithful and cheerful performance of all duty devolving upon them. My excellent pioneer company, under Lieutenant H. W. Reddick, labored day and night without murmur, for which they will receive my thanks. My provost-guard was most efficiently manager by Captain Matthew Dwyer, for which I am under obligations. My squad of sharpshooters (with Whitworht rifles), under Lieutenant A. B. Schell, behaved with marked gallantry on every occasion when brought into requisition.

In this report I have dealt more in particulars for the reason there are no reports from brigade commanders, all three of whom having been captured, I reserve to myself the privilege of making such corrections as would appear right and proper when I subsequently have the opportunity to examine their reports.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. B. BATE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major JAMES D. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 252. Report of Major General Nathan B. Forrest, C. S. Army, commanding cavalry, of operations November 16, 1864-January 23, 1865.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS,Verona, Miss., January 24, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the troops under my command during the recent movement sin Middle Tennessee:

While in West Tennessee I received orders from General Beauregard on the 30th of October, to report without delay to General Hood at Florence, Ala. I was then actively operating against Johnsonville, and so soon as I completed the destruction of the enemy's fleet and stores at that place I commenced moving up the Tennessee River. I halted my command

