
friend of the fallen, your sorrows should be appeased by the knowledge that they fell as brave men battling for all that make lief worth living for.

Soldier! you now rest for a short time from your labors. During the respite prepare for future action. Your commanding general is ready to lead you again to the defense of the common cause, and he appeals to you, by a remembrance of the glories of your past career; your desolated homes; your insult women and suffering children; and, above all, by the memory of your dead comrades, to yield a ready obedience to discipline, and to buckle on your armor anew for the fight. Bring with you the soldier's safest armor-a determination to fight while the enemy pollutes your soil; to fight as long as he denies your rights; to fight until independence shall have been achieved; to fight for home, children, liberty, and all you hold dear. Show to the world the superhuman and sublime spirit with which a people may be inspired when fighting for the inestimable boon of liberty. Be not allured by the sire song of peace, for there can be no peace save upon your separate independent nationality. You can never again until with those who have murdered you sons, outraged your helpless families, and with demoniac malice wantonly destroyed your property and to subjugate or annihilate the freemen of the South would stamp with infamy the names of your gallant dead and the living heroes of this war. Be patient, obedient, and earnest, and the day is not fair distant when you can return to your homes and live in the full fruition of freemen around the old family altar.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General, Commanding District of Mississippi and East Louisiana.

Numbers 253. Return of casualties in Forrest's cavalry for November and December, 1864.

[Compiled from nominal lists signed by J. B. Cowan, acting medical director, when not otherwise indicated.]

NOVEMBER.

Killed.

Command.	 Officers.	 Men.

CHALMERS' DIVISION.

Escort.*	 ...	 ...

Ruckers' Brigade.

Staff and escort.	 ...	 ...

7th Alabama.	 ...	 2

5th Mississippi.	 ...	 1

14th Tennessee (Neely's).	 ...	 ...

26th Tennessee Battalion.	 ...	 ...

Total.	 ...	 3

Biffle's Brigade.+

10th Tennessee.	 ...	 ...

Total division.	 ...	 3

Command.	 Officers.	 Men.	 Aggre-

 	 	 gate.

CHALMERS' DIVISION.

Escort.*	 ...	 1	 1

Ruckers' Brigade.

Staff and escort.	 2	 1	 3

7th Alabama.	 8	 20	 30

5th Mississippi.	 ...	 10	 11

14th Tennessee (Neely's).	 1	 1	 2

26th Tennessee Battalion.	 ...	 3	 3

Total.	 11	 35	 49

Biffle's Brigade.+

10th Tennessee.	 2	 5	 7

Total division.	 13	 40	 56

---------------

*From nominal list signed by Captain C. T. Smith, commanding escort.

+A provisional organization, reported in original as of Rucker's brigade.

---------------

