
I was expected to hold, and that it would be impossible for me to maintain my position if attacked unless supported. Ont eh 14th Ector's brigade of infantry was sent to relieve my force on the Hardin pike, and my line then extended from the left of that pike across the Charlotte pike to the river, a distance of about four miles, to defend which and to support the batteries on the river I had a force of 900 aggregate present, the Seventh Alabama Cavalry being between Ector's brigade and the left of the main line of infantry.

On the morning of the 15th the enemy made a general attack along the whole line, and Ector's brigade, being forced back by the force in front of it, swing around to rejoin the infantry on its right without giving me any notice of their movement. The Hardin pike being thus left t open the enemy moved down it, and the first intelligence I had of their presence on that pike they were already two miles in my rear on it. The wagons of my headquarters and division ordnance train had for greater security been left on the hardin pike in rear of the infantry, and the commanding officer of the infantry having failed to give any notice of the approach of the enemy or of his intended movement, they were overtaken and captured before they could be removed. The attack on Rucker's brigade commenced in the morning by the gunboats on the river, which were repulsed, and was followed by an attack in front along the Charlotte pike by Johnson's division of cavalry, supported by a force of infantry. We held our position until I learned that the enemy were two miles in our rear on the Hardin pike, when we fell back two mils to a cross-road leading from that pike, where we remained until night,when I ordered Colored Rucker to move across to the Hillsborough pike, leaving the Seventh Alabama Cavalry to hold the position on the Charlotte pike until daylight, which was done. I had attempted several times during the day to communicate with General Hood, but my couriers were either killed or captured and failed to reach him. Before daylight on the morning of the 16th I received an order from him to put myself in communication with his left wing and to hold the Hillsborough pike, which order I had already given. Before daylight I had taken position on that pike, with Rucker's brigade at the point where the road leading from Brentwood intersects it, and was soon engaged in skirmishing with the enemy. The force opposed to me was Hatch's division of cavalry, and their object was evidently to move down the cross-road to Brentwood, which would have placed them entirely in rear of our army, and put them in possession of the road by which it afterward retreated. Finding some hindrance in their way ont his line of march, a brigade was sent rapidly across to the Granny White pike to move down it. I moved across the latter pike with my escort and Twenty-sixth (Forrest's) Regiment of Cavalry, and placing them in strong position, held the enemy in check for more than three hours and saved Cheatham's ambulances. In the maintain Johnson's division of the enemy's cavalry had moved across from the Charlotte pike, following our path, and attacked Colonel Rucker int he flank, while the remainder of Hatch's division engaged him in front. Colonel Kelley having been forced back from his position, Colonel Rucker was withdrawn from the Hillsborough pike as soon as possible to support him, and the whole brigade (excepting the Seventh Tennessee Cavalry) was formed in front of Brentwood, to prefect the wagons and ambulances which were collected there. The Seventh Tennessee was sent down the Hillsborough pike (by General Hood's order) to report at Franklin and aid in guarding the wagon trains at that place. About 4.30 p. m. I received an order from General

