
Hood directing me to "hold the Granny White pike at all hazards," and Rucker's brigade was moved back upon it and placed in position in rear of that from which Colonel Kelley had been driven. It was attacked at once, front and flank, by Hatch's and Johnson's divisions, and, after a sharp struggle, was forced back in some disorder. By this time it was so dark that it was impossible to reform the men, or indeed to distinguish friend from foe, so closely were they mingled together, but an irregular firing was kept up for some time until we wee compelled to retreat toward the Franklin pike. After we had retreated for some distance, Colonel Rucker having moved with his regiment to Brentwood, [Lieutenant Colonel] R. R. White, Fourteenth Tennessee Cavalry, the senior officers present, collected and reformed as many of the men as possible, and leaving the Fourteenth Tennessee on picket in front of the enemy, moved with the remainder to the franklin pike,w here they were halted until the infantry and artillery column had passed, and encamped for the night with the rear guard of the army, when were joined by Colonel Biffle and his brigade, which had come up from the right in rear of the infantry. The enemy's cavalry encamped ont he field where we had last fought them, and made no attempt to follow us, though our picket fires were within sight of them during the night.

In the engagements of these two days this division lost many valuable officers and men, the first of whom was Colonel Rucker, who was wounded and captured in the last fight while fighting hand to hand with the enemy. Many others were killed or captured at the same time, and others availed themselves of the opportunity to desert and scatter through the country; some of these have now returned to their commands, but no accurate report can yet be made of our loss.

Ont eh morning of the 17th we moved to Franklin, when, in obedience to orders from General Hood, I was placed in command of the cavalry, and reported to Lieutenant-General Lee for duty in assisting to protect the rear of the army, consisting of this and General Bufored's division. During the day we were almost constantly engaged with the enemy, who followed us vigorously with a strong force, often in close encounters, and held them in check until nearly night-fall, when by a series of bold charges they broke the lines of our infantry and cavalry, but were severely punished and driven back by the second line of infantry. On the 18th, Brigadier-General Armstrong having come up with his brigade, and General Cheatham's corps having taken the place of General Lee's as the rear guard of the army, we moved down the turnpike form Spring Hill toward Columbia and crossed Rutherford's Creek, the infantry being on the pike and the cavalry in the rear and ont he lands. The enemy did not press us, and we had not fighting beyond a little skirmishing. On the 19th, Major-General Forrest having come up, I resumed command of my division, which was posted on the left of Cheatham's corps to guard the crossings on Rutherford's Creek. During the day we had some skirmishing with the enemy, but held our position until 4 p. m., when, they having succeeded in crossing a force in front of our infantry pickets, our whole force was withdrawn to the south side of Duck River. On the 22nd, the enemy having effected a crossing of Duck River, and the rear guard, under Major-General Forrest, having commenced its retreat, this division (which had been consolidated into a brigade) moved down the Campbellsville pike, on the left flank of the infantry, and on the following day moved still farther down that pike without molestation from the enemy. On

