
the 23th we moved back toward Columbia, so as to occupy a position ont he left flank of our infantry, which had moved back as far as Lynnville. While here we wee attacked by a superior force of the enemy and forced back tot he main body on the turnpike, when we crossed Richland Creek and moved on to Pulaski. After this we moved on the right flank of the infantry until we reached the Tennessee River, which we crossed on the evening of the 27th, without having been again engaged with the enemy.

During the engagements on the march to Nashville, and until after the fight on the Franny White pike on the evening of the 16th of December, the officers and men of this division behaved with great gallantry; but after that time, while there were many who continued to exhibit the same courage and constancy, I retreat to say that there were some who so far forgot their duty as to desert their comrades and seek an ignominious safety in flight; some of these have since returned to their colors, but others are still absent.

Under these circumstances it given me great pleasure to render deserved honor to all those who remained faithful to their duty. The Seventh Alabama Cavalry having, when it was ordered to this division, rested under some imputation of a lack of courage, I am gratified to say that since it has been under my command, and especially in the engagements of the 15th and 16th that regiment * * *

ADDENDA.

Casualties in Rucker's brigade from November 23 to December 6, 1864.

Regiment.	 Offi	 Men.	 Offi	 Men.	 Offi	 Men	 Tot

 cers	 	 cers	 	 cers	 	 al.

 	 	 .

7th Alabama.	 ...	 2	 6	 30	 ...	 ...	 ...

5th Mississippi.	 ...	 2	 ...	 8	 ...	 ...	 ...

7th Tennessee.	 ...	 1	 3	 9	 ...	 ...	 ...

12th Tennessee.	 ...	 ...	 ...	 1	 ...	 ...	 ...

14th Tennessee.	 ...	 2	 2	 15	 ...	 ...	 ...

15th Tennessee.	 2	 3	 ...	 10	 ...	 ...	 ...

Forrest's Regiment	 1	 3	 2	 14	 ...	 ...	 ...

Tennessee Cavalry.

Total.	 3	 13	 13	 87	 ...	 ...	 116

Numbers 255. Report of Brigadier General Lawrence S. Ross, C. S. Army, commanding Ross' brigade, of operations October 24-December 27, 1864.
HDQRS. ROSS' BRIGADE, JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION,Corinth, Miss., January 12, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part performed by my brigade int he late campaign into Middle Tennessee:

First, however, and by way of introduction, it is proper to premise that we bore a full share in the arduous duties require of the cavalry in the Georgia campaign, and were particularly active during the operations of the army upon the enemy's line of communication.

October 24, in compliance with orders from division commander, I withdrew from my position near Cave Spring, Ga., crossed the Coosa

