
River at Gadsden the day following, and by rapid marches arrived in front of Decatur, Ala., on the evening of the 29th. Was here halted to observe the movements of the enemy while the army rested at Tuscumbia. On the morning of 8th of November a strong reconnoitering party, consisting of three regiments of infantry and one of cavalry, coming out from Decatur ont he Courtland road, was promptly met, and after a sharp skirmish driven back, with some loss. The next day, being relieved by a portion of General Roddey's command, we retired down ordered across the river at Florence, and moving at once to the front of the army, took position with the other cavalry commands on Shoal Creek.

November 21, all things being ready for the advance, we were ordered froward, following in rear of Armstrong's brigade. The effect if fighting strength of my command at this time was as follows: Third Regiment Texas Cavalry, 218; Sixth Regiment Texas Cavalry,, 218; Ninth Regiment Texas Cavalry, 110; Twenty-seventh Regiment Texas Cavalry, 140, making a total of 686. With this mall force we joined the advance into Tennessee, strong in heart and resolved to make up in zeal and courage what was wanting in numbers. The day after crossing Shoal Creek General Armstrong, having still the advance, came up with the Federal cavalry at Lawrenceburg. The fighting was chiefly with artillery, Captain Young's battery being freely used and to good effect. About sunset the enemy withdrew in the direction of Pulaski. Early the next morning I was ordered to take the advance and move out on the Pulaski road. About twelve miles from Lawrenceburg came up with the Federal pickets and drove them in. The Third Texas now dismounted, and, with two squadrons from the Twenty-seventh Texas, moved forward and attacked the enemy, forcing him from his successive positions, and following him up so vigorously as to compel the precipitate abandonment of his camp and all his forage.

The next day, having still the advance, when within five miles of Pulaski we changed direction to the left, following the route taken by the enemy on his retreat the evening before, and arriving about noon in sight of the little village of Campbellsville, I found a a large force of cavalry, which proved to be Hatch's division, drawn up to resist us. Lieutenant-Colonel Boggess was ordered promptly to dismount his regiment, the Third Texas, and moved it to the front. Young's battery was hurried up from the rear, placed in position, supported by the Sixth Texas, Colonel Jack Wharton commanding, and commenced shelling the enemy's lines. Int he meanwhile the Ninth Texas and Legion were drawn up in column in the field to the right of the road, to be used as circumstances might require. These dispositions completed, I watched with interest the effect of the shelling from our battery, and very soon discovered from the movements of the enemy an intention to withdraw, whereupon, believing this to be the proper moment, I ordered everything forward. The Ninth Texas and Legion, led by their respective commanders, Colonel Jones and Lieutenant-Colonel Whitfield, rushed forward at a gallop, and passing through the village fell upon the enemy's moving squadrons with such irresistible force as to scatter them in every direction, pursuing and capturing numbers of prisoners, horses, equipments, small-arms, accouterments, and four stand of colors. The enemy made no effort to regain the field from which he had been driven, but, while endeavoring to withdraw his broken and discomfited squadrons, was attacked vigorously in flank by a portion of General Armstrong's brigade and his route made complete.

