
The last of his forces, inn full flight, disappeared in the direction of Lynnville about sunset, we saw nothing more of them south of Duck River. Our loss in the fight at Campellsville was only 5 men wounded, while our captures, I found upon investigation, summed up to be 84 prisoners and all their horses, equipments, and small-arms, 4 stand of colors, and 65 beef-cattle. Without further opposition we arrived the next day in front of Columbia and took the position assigned us on the Chapel Hill pike.

November 26, we remained in front of the enemy's works, skirmishing freely and keeping up a livery demonstration. On the morning of the 27th, being relieved by the infantry, we were ordered over to the Shelbyville pike, and camped the following night on Fountain Creek. Crossing Duck River the next morning, at the mill nine miles above Columbia, we wee directed thence to the right, on the Shelbyville road, and when near the Lewisburg and Franklin pike, again encountered the Federal cavalry. A spirited engagement ensued, begun by the Third Texas, which being dispatched to attack a train of wagons moving in direction of Franklin, succeeded in reaching the pike, but was there met by a superior force of Yankees and driven back. Seeing this, I had Colonel Hawkins to hurry up his regiment (the Legion) to the assistance of the Third, and ordered a charge, which was made in gallant style, and resulted in forcing the yankees from the field in confusion, and with the loss of several prisoners and the colors of the Seventh Ohio Cavalry. In the meanwhile Colonel Wharton with the Sixth Texas charged into the pike to the right of where the Third and Legion were engaged, capturing an entire company of the Seventh Ohio Cavalry, three stand of colors, several wagons loaded with ordnance, and a considerable number of horses with their equipments. The Ninth Texas, Colonel Jones, having been detached early in the evening to guard the road leading to our right, with the exception of a slight skirmish with the enemy's pickets, in which several prisoners wee taken, was not otherwise engaged during the evening. It was now after night, and very dark. The enemy had is appeared from our front in direction of Franklin, but before establishing camps it was thought prudent to ascertain if any force had been cut off and yet remained between us and the river. Colonel Hawkins was therefore ordered up the pike with his regiment to reconnoiter, and had proceeded but a short distance before he was met by a brigade of Federal cavalry. An exciting fight ensued, lasting abut half an hour, when the enemy, having much the larger force, succeeded in passing by us, receiving as he did so a severe fire into his flanks. This closed the operations of the day and we were allowed to bivouac, well pleased with the prospect of rest after so much fatiguing exercise.

At Hurt's Cross-Roads, the next day, where the other commands of cavalry took the left and moved upon Spring Hill, my brigade was advanced upon the road to Franklin. Afterward, in obedience to orders of the division commander, we turned toward Thompson's Station, being now in search of the Federal army, which still held its position on Rutherford's Creek. The Yankee cavalry, completely whipped, had disappeared in the direction of Franklin and did not again show itself that day. When near Thompson's Station I discovered a few wagons moving on the pike, and sent Colonel Jones with the Ninth and Legion to intercept and capture them. At the same time the Sixth and Third Texas were drawn up in line and a squadron from the latter dispatched to destroy the depot. Colonel Jones was partially successful, capturing and destroying one wagon and securing the team. He then charged a

49 R R-VOL XLV, PT I

