
tran of cars, which came up from the direction of Franklin, when the engineer becoming frightened cut the engine loose and ran off southward. The train, thus freed, began to retrograde, and, in spite of the obstructions thrown in its way and the efforts of the men to stop it, rolled back under the guns of the block-house and was saved. The guard, however, and all the men on he train, were forced to jump off and became our prisoners. I now had the railroad bridge destroyed, in consequence of which the engine had escaped from us and another became the prizes of our army the next day. In the meantime the enemy at the depot, observing the approach of the squadron from the Third Texas, set fire to all his valuables, including a train of cars loaded with ordnance, and evacuated the place. Having accomplished all that could be effected at the station, we withdrew late in the evening, dropping back to the left of Spring Hill, and halted until I could communicate with the division commander. About midnight I received the order directing me to again strike the pike and attack the enemy's train then in full retreat to Franklin. Moved out at once to obey the order, guided by an officer of General Forrest's staff who knew the country. When within half a mile of the pike I dismounted three of my regiments, leaving the Ninth Texas mounted to guard their horses, and cautiously advancing on foot, got within 100 yards of the enemy's train without being discovered. The Legion, Colonel Hawkings commanding, having the advance, fronted into line, fired a well-directed volley, killing several Yankees and mules, and rushed forward with yell, producing among the teamsters and wagon guards a perfect stampede. The Yabnkess lost thirty-ninth wagons, some of which were destroyed and others abandoned for the want of the teams, which we brought off. We captured also several prisoners. Remaining in possession of the pike for half an hour we with drew upon the approach of several bodies of infantry, which, coming up in opposite directions, by mistake got to shooting into each other and fired several volleys before finding out their error. Having remounted our horses, we remained on the hills overlooking the pike until daylight, and saw the Yankee army in full retreat. While this was passing a regiment of cavalry, appearing in an open field in our front, was charged by the Sixth Texas, completely routed, and driven behind his infantry column. Soon after this we again pushed forward, keeping parallel with the pike upon which our infantry was moving; crossed Harpeth River in the evening about three miles above Franklin, only a small force of the enemy appearing to dispute the passage. Half a mile from the river we came upon a regiment of yankee cavalry drawn up in line. This the Ninth Texas at once charged and routed, but was met by a larger force and, in turn, compelled to give back, the enemy following in close pursuit. The Third Texas now rushed forward, checked the advancing squadrons of Yankees, and then hurled them back broken and disorganized, capturing several prisoners and driving the other back upon their heavier lines. The gallant bearing of the men and officers of the Third and Ninth Texas on this occasion is deserving of special commendation, and if affords me much gratification to record to the honor of these nobel regiments that charges made by them at harpeth River have never been and cannot be surpassed by cavalry of any nation. By the charge of the Third Texas we gained possession of an eminence overlooking the enemy's position, had held it until late in the evening, when, discovering an intention on the part of [the] Yankee commander to advance his entire force, and being without any support, I withdrew to the south side of the river again. Very

