
soon the enemy advanced his whole line, but finding we had recrossed the river again retired, and during the nigh withdrew from our front.

The next day we moved forward, arrived in front of Nashville December 3, and took position ont eh Nolensville pike, three miles from the city. Just in our front was a line of works, and wishing to ascertain what force occupied them I had two squadrons of the Sixth Texas to dismount, deploy as skirmishers, and advance. We found the works held only by the enemy's skirmishers, who withdrew upon our approach. After this, being relieved by our infantry, we retired to the rear, with orders to cook up rations.

On the morning of December 5 the brigade was ordered to La Vergne. Found there a small force of infantry, which took refuge inside the fort, and after a slight resistance surrendered upon demand of the division commander. Moving thence to Murfreesborough, when within a few miles of the city, the enemy's pickets were encountered, and after a stubborn resistance driven back by the Sixth and Third Texas, dismounted. A few days after this Major-General Forrest invested Murfreesborough with his cavalry and one division of infantry. The duty the Salem to the Woodbury pikes inclusive, was very severe for so small a force, and almost every day there was heavy skirmishing in some portion of our line.

December 15, a train of cars from Stevenson, heavily laden with supplies for the garrison at Murfreesborough, was attacked abut seven miles south of the city, and although guarded by a regiment of infantry 200 strong, was captured and burned. The train was loaded with sugar, coffee, hard bread, and bacon, and carried full 200,000 rations. The men guarding it fought desperately for about an hours, haying a strong position in a cut of the railroad, but were finally routed by a most gallant charge of the Sixth Texas, supported by the Third Texas, and 150 of them captured; the others escaped to a block-house near by. The next day, in consequence of the reverse to our arms at Nashville, we were withdrawn from the front at Murfreesborough, ordered across to Triune, and thence to Columbia, crossing Duck River on the evening of the 18th.

December 24, while bringing up the rear of our army, the enemy charged my rear guard at Lynnville with a heavy force and threatened to break over all opposition, when the Sixth texas, hastily forming, met and hurled them back, administering a most wholesome check to their ardor. At the moment this occurred our columns were all in motion, and it was of the utmost importance to break the charge of the enemy on our rear. Too much credit, therefore, cannot be given the Sixth Texas for gallant bearing on this occasion. Had it failed to check the enemy, my brigade and probably the entire division, taken at a disadvantage, might have suffered severely. At Richland Creek, where the cavalry took position later in the day, I was assigned a position on the right of the railroad and in front of the creek. Soon afterward, however, the enemy moving as if to cross above the bridge, I was withdrawn to the south side of the creek, and taking position on the hill near the railroad skirmished with the enemy in my front, holding him in check until our forces had all crossed the creek. We were then ordered to withdraw, and, passing through Pulaski, again crossed Richland Creek, and camped near Mr. Carter's for the night. The next day my brigade, alternating with General Armstrong in bringing up the rear, had frequent skirmishes with the enemy's advance. Nine miles from Pulaski, when the infantry halted and

