
formed, I was ordered on the right. Soon after this the enemy made a strong effort to run our right flank, but failed and was driven back. About the same time the infantry charged and captured his artillery, administering such an effectual check that he did not again whew himself that day. This done, we retired leisurely, and after night bivouacked on Sugar Creek. Early the following morning the Yankees, still not satisfied, made their appearance, and our infantry again made dispositions to receive them. Reynolds' and Ector's brigades took position, and immediately in their rear I had the Legion and the Ninth Texas drawn up in column of fours to charge, if an opportunity should occur. The fog was very dense and the enemy, therefore, approached very cautiously. When near enough to be seen the infantry fired a volley and charged. At the same time the Legion and Ninth Texas were ordered forward, and passing through our infantry crossed the creek in the face of a terrible fire, overthrew all opposition on the farther side, and pursued the thoroughly routed foe nearly a mile, capturing twelve prisoners and as many horses, besides killing numbers of others. The force opposed to us here and which was so completely whipped, proved, from the statements of the prisoners, to be Hammond's brigade of cavalry. After this the yankees did not again show themselves, and without further interruption we recrossed the Tennessee River, at Bainbridge, on the evening of 27th of December.

Our entire loss during the campaign sums up as follows:

Command.	 Offi	 Men.	 Offi	 Men.	 Offi	 Men.	 Aggr

 cers	 	 cers	 	 cers	 	 ega-

 	 	 	 	 	 	 te.

3rd Texas Cavalry.	 ...	 2	 3	 22	 1	 2	 30

6th Texas Cavalry.	 ...	 6	 3	 19	 ...	 1	 29

9th Texas Cavalry.	 ...	 4	 ...	 17	 ...	 1	 22

Texas Legion.	 ...	 ...	 ...	 6	 ...	 ...	 3

Total.	 ...	 12	 6	 64	 1	 4	 87

We captured on the trip and brought off 550 prisoners, as shown by the records of my provost-marshal, 9 stand of colors, several hundred horses and their equipments, and overcoats and blankets sufficient to supply my command. We destroyed besides 2 trains of cars loaded, one with ordnance and the other with commissary stores, 40 or 50 wagons and mules, and much other valuable property belonging to the Federal army.

My brigade returned from Tennessee with horses very much jaded, but otherwise in no worse condition than when it started, its morale not in the least affected nor impaired by the evident demoralization which prevailed to a considerable extent throughout the larger portion of the army.

Before closing my report I desire to record an acknowledgment of grateful obligations to the gallant officers and brave men whom I have the honor to command. Entering upon the campaign poorly clad and illy prepared for undergoing its hardships, these worthy votaries of freedom nevertheless bore themselves bravely, and I did not hear a murmur nor witness the least reluctance in the discharge of duty however unpleasant. All did well, and to this I attribute, in a great measure, the unparalleled success which attended all our efforts during the campaign.

