
To Colonel D. W. Jones, Colonel E. R. Hawkins, Colonel Jack Wharton, and Lieutenant Colonel J. S. Boggess, who commanded their respective regiments; Lieutenant Colonel P. F. Ross and Major S. B. Wilson, Sixth Texas; Lieutenant Colonel J. T. Whitfield and Major B. H. Norsworthy, of Legion; Major A. B. Stone, Third Texas, and Major H. C. Dial, Ninth Texas, also, Captains Gurley, Plummer, Killough, and Preston, Lieutenants Alexander and Sykes, members of my staff, I feel especially indebted for earnest, zealous, and efficient co-operation. These officers upon many trying occasions acquitted themselves with honor, and it affords me pleasure to be able to commend them to the favorable notice of the brigadier-general commanding.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

[Captain E. T. SYKES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jackson's Cavalry Division.]

[Indorsement.]

Lieutenant Hunt, of Twenty-eighth Mississippi, particularly distinguished himself; commanding a squadron of cavalry, dismounted his men in an open field.

W. H. JACKSON.

Numbers 256. Report of Brigadier General Philip D. Roddey, C. S. Army, commanding District of North Alabama, of operations December 1-15, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH ALABAMA,Tuscumbia, Ala., December 15, 1864.

COLONEL: Your communication dated Selma, October 23, was received by me on the 12th instant. In answer to inquiries which it contained, and for the information of the lieutenant-general commanding, I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt on the 1st of October ultimo, of copy of General Ordes, Numbers 118, from department headquarters, dated September 24, 1864, defining the territorial limits of the District of North Alabama and assigning me to command of the same. Since the receipt of this order, my reports and other official communications have been forwarded to department headquarters with as much promptness and regularity as circumstances would allow. The presence of the Army of Tennessee in my district, and the necessity which has existed since its arrival for me to communicate and co-operate with General Hood, has prevented my communicating with department headquarters as frequently as I could have desired. The condition of affairs in the extreme northeastern portion of my district, and the nature of information recently received from General Hood, have rendered it necessary that the whole of my available force should be concentrated at a point somewhat remote from the present terminus of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad and other reestablished means of communicating with department headquarters. The following statements will explain more fully the present condition of my command:

About the first of the present month I was directed by General Hood to destroy that part of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad between

