
of my district. I regret to state that recent developments have established the fact of the existence of a large amount of disaffection and disloyalty in that portion of the district lying north of the Tennessee River and recently in the possession of the enemy. This feeling has manifested itself since the removal of General Hood's army in acts of violence against the persons and property of loyal citizens. Murders, robberies, and arson have been of frequent occurrence in various parts of the district, and I am confined that the interests of our cause and the safety of the loyal people of the district demand the immediate adoption of vigorous measures toward such persons as may engage in or connive at the commission of outrages of the kind above alluded to. The removal of my troops in the direction already indicated will, it is feared, be taken advantage of by disloyal persons, and result in loss of life and property to such as have been heretofore protected by the presence of an armed force. It is my purpose before going to Huntsville to make a few examples, which, I trust, will have a salutary effect; and I would urge upon the lieutenant-general commanding the adoption of such measures as may suggest themselves to him as conducive to the end in view. The organization of the reserves in the counties north of the Tennessee River, and increased vigilance and energy on the part of conscript officers and officers in charge of "supporting force," cannot be too strongly urged. You may fell assured that I shall omit no effort to secure an efficient co-operation on the part of my command with the Army of Tennessee. I have established and will continue to keep up regular communication with General Hood's army by means of couriers, though the necessity of doing so has occasioned me serous inconvenience, in reducing the available strength of my command. I hope soon to establish telegraphic communication with the army by the way of Decatur and Athens.

In view of the imperfect condition of the mail arrangements on the lines of railroad between Cherokee and Meridian, I would suggest the propriety of sending special messengers with dispatches, &amp;c., or the adoption of such other measures as will secure their prompt transmission.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. D. RODDEY,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 257. Report of Colonel Alfred A. Russell, Fourth Alabama Cavalry, of operations October 26, 1864-January 17, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ALABAMA REGIMENT CAVALRY,January 17, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of services rendered since the 26th day of October, 1864:

In obedience to orders from army headquarters, I crossed the Tennessee River with my regiment on the 29th day of October, 1864, at Sublett's Ferry, two miles south of Bellefonte, on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad. During one month's service in Madison and Jackson Counties the railroad was cut at different places on an average of twice every week, destroying half a mile each time.

