
After the evacuation of Decatur my command pursued the retreating enemy from Huntsville to within fourteenth miles of Stevenson (distance, forty-five miles), capturing abut 450 negroes and 250 wagons, 1 train of cars and engine, which was taken possession of by Lieutenant-Colonel Windes, of General Roddey's command, and causing the enemy to destroy another train, the engine falling into our hands; also a large lot of iron, medical, commissary, quartermaster's, and ordnance stores were captured at Huntsville; all of which property was restored to the owners or turned over to Brigadier-General Roddey. My command, during the period, killed 48 of the enemy and captured 52 horses, in addition to the above specified.

The enemy did not occupy the Memphis and Charleston Railroad for a period of about two weeks, and that road might have ben destroyed by the troops Brigadier-General Roddey had upon it to within twelve miles of Stevenson. In compliance with orders from Major-General Forrest, I would have brought to the army not less than 1,500 men, who are now within the lines and their services lost to the country, but for the contrary influence of some of the staff officers of Brigadier-General Roddey and S. D. Cabaniss, inspector of conscription.

My loss, 1 man killed and 2 wounded.

Respectfully submitted.

A. A. RUSSELL,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Major MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Tennessee.

Numbers 258. Report of Captain Joseph T. Cobb, of operations November 28, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS TEXAS SCOUT,Berlin, Tenn., November 29, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report, in obedience to orders, that we moved on Shelbyville, surprised and took in their picket, numbering thirteen. Yesterday morning at daylight we charged the place, drove them into their stockade, and withdrew, moving in the direction of Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad. In the engagement at Shelbyville, I am sorry to say, Captain Jackson was wounded, shot in the mouth, ball lodging in jaw, breaking jawbone. The enemy pursued us in force, and we fought them from daylight until 3 p. m., when we recrossed the river (Duck). We had the home guard and Sixth Illinois Cavalry to contend with during the whole fight. I killed a number of them and took about thirty prisoners. Our loss, Captain jackson and three of his men wounded; none serious. Lieutenant White, of my company, had his arm broken. Having reached this side of the river, I have pressed two shops, and am having my horses shod up as rapidly as possible. Unless I receive different orders from you, I will again move on the railroad to-morrow. The railroad is heavily guarded by stockades, besides they have sent the Sixth, Seventh, and Ninth Illinois Cavalry on the road to protect it. I hope to get orders from you. My horses are almost broken down and barefooted. We were compelled to leave some of our horses yesterday; not able to get back.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH T. COBB,

Captain, Commanding Scout.

General FORREST.

