
he has been successful. He had caused quite a panic in Mobile, and was reported as devastating the country generally. After accomplishing the purpose for which he was sent, he will probably come out at Pascagoula or some other point of the gulf. Lieutenant Earl, commanding a special party of scouts, and whom I recently recommended for promotion by brevet, has, I retreat to say, fallen into the and of the enemy. On the t of November, while passing through Fayette, Miss., on an expedition to co-operate with Generals Dana and Davidson, he was fired upon from house in the town and wounded severely in the face and breast. His case was so critical that he would not let his men take him away, and the rebels have since then move him into the interior. If he survives I shall use every exertion to have him exchanged at an early day.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff of the Army, Washington, D. C.

ADDENDA.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 303. Washington, December 22, 1864.

The following General Orders, Numbers 81, from the headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, is approved by the President of the United States:

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 81. New Orleans, La., December 9, 1864.

Subject to the approval of the President of the United States, Major J. B. Cook, Third U. S. Colored Cavalry, is hereby promoted to the lieutenant-colonelcy of that regiment, to date from the 27th of November, 1864, in consideration of the gallantry displayed by him on that day, when, with his men dismounted and having nothing but railroad ties for a path, he charged over the Big Black bridge, near Canton, Miss., in the face of heavy fire, drove off the rebel force stationed on the opposite shore behind a strong stockade, and destroyed the bridge, by which the main line of the rebel General Hood's communications with his depots in South Mississippi and Alabama were effectually cut off. The major-general commanding the Districts of West Tennessee and Vicksburg styles this affair as "one of the most daring and heroic acts of the war."

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Major General Napoleon J. T. Dana, U. S. Army, commanding Districts of West Tennessee and Vicksburg.
HDQRS. DISTRICTS OF WEST TENNESSEE AND VICKSBURG,Vicksburg, December 4, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith the reports of Colonel E. D. Osband, Third U. S. Colored Cavalry, commanding Cavalry Forces, District of Vicksburg, of the cavalry expedition sent by me from Vicksburg on the 23rd ultimo, as projected in my letter to Brigadier General J. W. Davidson, chief of cavalry Military Division of West Mississippi, of 18th ultimo, and my letter to you of 22nd ultimo.

