
ADDENDA.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 6. Memphis, Tenn., December 21, 1864.

The following communication from the general commanding Military Division of West Mississippi is published for the information of this command:
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., December 9, 1864.

Major General N. J. T. DANA,

Commanding Districts of West Tennessee and Vicksburg, Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Your report of the 4th instant has been received, and I learn with sincere gratification of the successful results of the expedition sent by you on the 23rd of last month for the destruction of the rebel General Hood's most important line of communication. Be pleased, general, to accept my thanks for the skill with which you planned the details of this expedition and the excellent precautions taken to insure its perfect success, and convey to the officers and men, who shared its honors and dangers, and especially to Colonel Osband and Lieutenant-Colonel Cook, of the Third U. S. Colored Cavalry, and Major Dale, of the Second Wisconsin Cavalry, who was seriously wounded while leading his men against a superior force of the enemy, my warmest acknowledgment of the gallantry, the rapidity of movement, and the exemplary good order which marked throughout one of the most successful expeditions of its kind that has been undertaken during the present war.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

The major-general commanding department assures his officers and men that merit, gallantry, and enterprise shall always meet with recognition and reward.

By order of Major General M. J. T. Dana:

T. H. HARRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Reports of Colonel Embury D. Osband, Third U. S. Colored Cavalry, commanding expedition.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITION,Yazoo City, December 1, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the I burned the railroad bridge on Sunday last [November 27], and thirty miles of railroad on Monday, and reached here without serious loss on the 29th at 1 p. m. I rested yesterday, but still find my stock much disabled. Hearing rumors of the concentration of the enemy for my capture, I sent this morning detachment son each road, all of which found some portions of the enemy. The Second Wisconsin, 250 strong, found about 1,500 of the enemy, part cavalry and part infantry; no artillery was used, but I know they have four batteries. From 25 to 50 of the Second Wisconsin were killed, wounded, and missing. Major Dale was severely wounded in the ankle. At 4 p. m., judging that with so large a force in my front I could not move to Vicksburg on this side the river, I commenced crossing to the other side. I judge that I shall have my command in the saddle on the west bank of the Yazoo River by 3 a. m. to-morrow, and expect to reach the mouth of the Big Sunflower by noon to-morrow. I desire you to send to me at that point transports sufficient for

