
my command and the gun-boat Vindicator, although transports unattended can come with safety to this point. I anticipate no trouble here to-night, and believe I can make the movement successfully without loss. I am compelled to send the Shenango with sick and wounded, although the rebels may have batteries at liverpool and Sartesia. The Prairie Bird will assist her as much as possible. I believe the present movement of the Confederate forces quite formidable, and may have Vicksburg in view, although the destruction of the railroad will prevent rapid movements for some days. Almost all these troops operating against me came over the railroad from Grenada, and perhaps higher up. I trust the transports will be sent immediately, as I have no rations.

Respectfully,

E. D. OSBAND,

Colonel, Commanding Expedition.

One of the transports should bring me 10,000 rations and four days' forage for 2,200 men and 2,500 horses and mules, unless transports enough to take the whole command are sent, when the forage will not be needed.

Respectfully,

E. D. OSBAND,

Colonel, &amp;c.

Captain F. W. FOX,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES,Vicksburg, Miss., December 4, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, pursuant to the orders of the major-general commanding, I moved with my command to Big Black railroad bridge on the morning of the 23rd of November. Desiring to make a feint of attack on Jackson, Miss., the pontoon bridge was laid on the morning of the 24th, and a scout of two regiments was sent out under Major N. H. Dale, Second Wisconsin Cavalry Volunteers, who proceeded to Baker's Creek, meeting to force of the enemy. On the 25th of November, leaving the pontoon bridge in charge of the Fifth U. S. Colored Artillery (heavy), the command moved toward Benton and camped at Wesley Chapel, moving, on the 26th of November, to within three miles of Benton, and till found no enemy. On the morning of the 27th November we marched at daylight, and the advance of a column, under Major J. B. Cook, Third U. S. Colored Cavalry, cut the telegraph on the railroad beyond Deasonville, and in sight of Vaughn Station, at 12.30 p. m. The railroad bridge across Big Black lay four miles below, without any approach save the railroad track, and artillery could not be taken to it. Other expeditions had attempted to burn it, and failed. Since the attempt of General McArthur last May it had been strengthened by a stockade this side the river, the approach to which was over the railroad trestle-work twenty-five feet high. I sent the Third U. S. Colored Cavalry, Major J. B. Cook commanding, to burn it. He advance his men, dismounted, down the track, with one company preceding him on each flank in the swamp below. When some distance from the bridge the skirmishing became warm, and the bank of the river and the recently erected stockade were carried with some difficulty. Repeated volleys at thirty yards' range failing to dislodge

