
them from the stockade on the other sid of the river, Major Cook formed three companies on the trestle-work, and, with only the railroad ties for a path, charged and carried the stockade under a heavy fire, the enemy only retiring when his advance was literally inside the stockade. Being heavily re-enforced from Ways' Bluff Station, one mile distant, the Confederates attempted to regain their lost ground, and failed. When brush and dry trees had been gathered sufficient to burn the heavy timbers, the long trestle-work beyond the bridge, and the half mile on this side, wee fired, the wind favoring, the whole of the trestle-work and the major part of the bridge were consumed, retreated volleys from our men keeping the rebels from interference. The rebels left three dead; our loss, three wounded. This gallant affair reflects great credit upon Major Cook and the officers and men under his command.

In the meantime the balance of the men had not been idle. The Fifth Illinois Cavalry, Colonel John McConnell commanding, tore up and burned one mile of track, being every rail and throwing away the chairs. The Eleventh Illinois Cavalry, Major Burbridge commanding, tore one miles and a half of track, burning and bending every rail. They also burned railroad buildings at Vaughn Station, $166,000 worth of railroad supplies (as per bill), 100 bales C. S. A. cotton, 20 barrels salt, 3 stage coaches, large piles of grain, &amp;c. On Monday, the 29th, Major Burbridge proceed to Picket Station, burning all trestle-work, railroad buildings, 1,200 bales C. S. A. cotton, together with large amounts of wheat and corn. The command moved toward Goodman, burning long lines of high and important trestle-work. When two miles from Goodman, I sent forward the Eleventh Illinois Cavalry and Fifth Illinois Cavalry, under Colonel John McConnell, to burn railroad there. One battalion Fifth Illinois Cavalry, under Colonel McConnell's orders, proceeded to wagon road bridge over Big Black, and although meeting fully their number of Confederates in two months of corn and wheat, 2 engines and 4 cars. The railroad is destroyed for thirty miles and cannot be repaired by the Confederates in two months with any force at their command. The importance of this must be apparent. The Black River Valley groans with its weight of corn, wheat, cattle, and hogs. The railroad was finished to Jackson, Tenn., and supplies were being hurried to Hood's army. Three trains of infantry were sent to the relief of Jackson the night preceding the one in which the bridge was burnt, who will now be compelled either to walk back or wait. On the 29th of November, retracing our steps, we occupied Yazoo City at 1 p. m., our pickets being strongly attacked a few hours later. It is probably that the city would have been occupied by the enemy had we not taken possession as we did. The 30th was given to resting our tired horses.

Rumors coming of an advance of the enemy, our lines wee strengthened. So numerous became these rumors that the order to march out at daylight of the 1st December was countermanded, and instead scouting parties sent out all the roads for information. The enemy were found on each road in more or less force, but strongest on the Vicksburg road, on which I had sent Major N. H. Dale with 250 men of the Second Wisconsin Cavalry. He moved at daylight, and driving before him a few of the enemy passed the junction of the Yazoo City and Benton roads. Here, at some negro quarters, some strength was shown by the enemy, and two companies were dismounted to dislodge

