
them. Finding these about to be flanked, two other companies were dismounted and sent to their assistance. Just beyond these quarters a dense undergrowth of scrub oak commenced, and when the enemy were driven back to this, they appeared in great numbers, and suddenly charging our men, drove them, capturing a part of Company E, Second Wisconsin Cavalry. Major Dale being previously wounded in the ankle, fainted from loss of blood and pain, but despite this, the detachment reformed and twice repulsed the charges made upon them, with loss to the enemy. The command was withdrawn without confusion. Careful officers estimate the number of the enemy at from 1,500 to 3,000 men, and their loss at 75 men killed and wounded. Our loss was 5 enlisted men killed, 1 commissioned officer wounded, 8 enlisted men wounded, 1 commissioned officer missing, 24 enlisted men missing. From the fact that a portion of this force was infantry, that they occupied a very strong position, that lay directly in my road, and that I could not flank because they used no artillery, although having plenty, I determined I ought not to risk defeat without a base to fall back upon, or supplies of any kind in case delayed, and therefore commenced crossing the Yazoo River with my command at 4 p. m. At 8 a. m. of the 2nd we finished crossing, in safety, and moved to the mouth of the Big Sunflower, where they now await transportation to this city. The Shenango was fired into at Short Creek, and one enlisted man of the Fifth Illinois Cavalry severely wounded.

I desire to return my thanks to Captain Gorringe, of the Vindicator; Captain Burns, of the Prairie Bird, and each commanding officer of each regiment and battery, for their full co-operation and cheerful and prompt obedience to all orders issued.

During the entire march the most perfect order has been maintained, winning even from the Confederate citizens encomiums on our discipline. The men returned in excellent health, but many valuable horses are broken down. The loss of hay for three months past is painfully apparent, and many valuable animals have been lost on account of their diseased condition caused by lack of hay. hay at any price is economy to the Government, and adds to our efficiency fully one-third to one-half.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. OSBAND,

Colonel Third U. S. Colored Cavalry,

Commanding Cavalry Forces, District of Vicksburg.

Captain F. W. FOX,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 4. Report of Major Nicholas H. Dale, Second Wisconsin Cavalry.

ON BOARD THE GUN-BOAT Numbers 11,

Yazoo City, December 1, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, pursuant to your order, I moved at daylight this morning, with 280 men of my regiment, on the Vicksburg road, for the purpose of gaining information in reference to the position of the enemy and to learn their strength. Soon after passing our pickets we met the pickets of the enemy. They skirmished and fell back, and we continued to drive them until we reached a point

