
about eleven miles from Yazoo City and one mile from the road leading from Mechanicsburg to Benton. Here we met a strong force of infantry and cavalry, posted in good position. Their center rested behind some negro quarters and out-buildings, and their flanks extending to the right and left behind the crest of a hill. They fired sharply at my advance guard, carousing them to halt. I rode to the front, and seeing no evidence of there being more than a small picket force, I ordered Companies I and F to dismount, go forward, and engage them. After they had been engaged some time, the enemy commenced a cross-fire from both his flanks. I then dismounted E and H, sending them, one to the right and the other to the left of the road, in order that they might hold the enemy until the first two companies could retire, as it would be useless to fight so large a force in such a position. The firing now became very severe, and the enemy advanced both wings, showing an extent of front sufficient for 1,000 or 1,200 men, besides a column of cavalry in the rear, and Companies I and F were driven back. At this time I received a musket-ball through my foot, but remained some time endeavoring to hold the enemy in check until the dismounted men could return to their horses. This they mostly succeeded in doing, except Lieutenant S. Woodard and about twenty men of Company E, who were in a woody ravine on the left, and I suppose were taken prisoners. Feeling weak from the loss of blood, I turned over the command to Captain M. W. Wood, and rode to the rear, and having fallen from my horse from faintness, I was taken into an ambulance and brought to this place. The command then retired, leaving in the hands of the enemy, as near as I can now ascertain, about 30 men, not more than 4 or 5 of whom are killed. Eight of the wounded were brought off from the field. I think the enemy was from 1,200 to 1,800 strong, but not having taken any prisoners, I did not learn the name of the commanding officer. The enemy must have suffered more than we did in killed and wounded.

I cannot refrain from speaking of Lieutenant R. R. Hamilton, of Company F, and Lieutenant Tinkham, of Company I, and their companies, who displayed the greatest bravery and fought gallantly, and deserve the highest praise. The other companies were not so closely engaged.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. H. DALE,

Major Second Wisconsin Cavalry Volunteers.

Colonel E. D. OSBAND,

Commanding the Expedition.

Numbers 5. Report of Colonel John Griffith, Seventeenth Arkansas Infantry (mounted), commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS GRIFFITH'S CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Camden, Miss., January 13, 1865.

I have the honor to report that in obedience to instructions from department headquarters I assumed command of the troops in this district, and moved from Clinton via Brownsville toward Big Black River the day after enemy's forces-which left Vicksburg about the 26th of November ultimo, under Colonel Osband, of the Third U. S. Colored

