
Cavalry, oft the declared purpose of a raid on jackson-had recrossed Big Black River near the railroad track,and moved north along the western bank. I endeavored to move parallel with the enemy to prevent any effort of his to cross the river above by means of the pontoon bridge he used near the railroad track below. I sent a company from Wood's regiment and a company from the Eleventh and Seventeenth Arkansas, under Captain C. Watkins, the detachment being placed under command of Captain William S. Yerger, of Wood's regiment, to prevent the destruction of the bridge over Big Black River on the Mississippi Central Railroad, which the enemy had reached before them, and although set on fire by the enemy, was stoutly defended by some dozen citizens assembled for the occasion, without knowledge of the approach of Confederate forces. The timely arrival of Captain Yerger effected the retreat of the enemy and the easy extinguishment of the flames without material damage to the work. It is worthy of especial mention that a few men living in the vicinity of this bridge rallied for its protection, and fought with skill and courage against the greatest odds, and were holding their ground nobly when our troops arrived. A small party sent forward, under Lieutenant B. B. Chism, of the Eleventh and Seventeenth Arkansas Regiment, to protect the long bridge over Big Black River on the highway leading to Goodman, reached there after the toll-house and the bridge had been fired by the enemy, but in time to aid a few citizens assembled there in putting out the fire and to prevent the entire removal of the flooring on the bridge over the main stream, in which a portion of these citizens were busily engaged to keep the enemy from crossing in force, these gentlemen being ignorant of my movement to oppose the enemy. After a deadly for one entire night to repair the bridge, I crossed my command early on the morning of the 29th of November. This delay was unfortunate, for the enemy, composed of white and negro troops, with eight pieces of artillery, to the number of 1,800, were encamped within four miles of Goodman; had heard at 2 o'clock in the night of our approach, and their failure to destroy the bridge, and left in haste and confusion, taking the main road to Yazoo City via Benton. I hurried after the enemy with considerable speed, but found upon reaching Benton they had so far out traveled my command that farther pursuit was useless. The precipitancy with which the enemy fled is best attested by the fact, that during the pursuit of twenty-one miles twenty-one dead horses and several broken-down horses were found on the road. One dismounted Federal solider was captured by a negro servant of a member of Wood's regiment.

The day following I moved to Pritchard's Cross-Roads, and as my scouts reported the enemy in position within the defenses of Yazoo City, I went into camp for the night.

About 10 o'clock the next morning I moved on the road diverging from the road to Benton and leading directly to Yazoo City, in anticipation that the curiosity of the enemy, after his flight and confusion and my apparent withdrawal from pursuit, would induce him to search in force for my locality. Upon reaching Concord Church I found the enemy in my front preparing for action in considerable force, when I threw forward the body of scouts under Major J. D. Bradford and the company of independent scouts under Captain Will. Montgomery to skirmish with the enemy, which they did, until I formed and brought forward the Eleventh and Seventeenth Arkansas Regiment, under Lieutenant Colonel Josephus Dotson, who was placed on the right of the road, and Wood's

50 R R-VOL XLV, PT I

