
regiment, under Colonel R. C. Wood, jr., who occupied the road and the left of the road. The enemy held a parallel position with my own, and a portion o them had found shelter about some deserted log-houses on a hill in a small cleared field intervening, when the Arkansas and Wood's regiments moved steadily forward, drove the enemy from the cover of the houses and out of the field, when a charge was ordered along the line, which pushed the enemy back to their horses and compelled them to retire in hurried disorder. At this juncture I held in reserve mounted the two companies of scouts already mentioned, with a detachment of the Fourth Mississippi Cavalry and Thirty-eighth Mississippi Infantry (now mounted), under Colonel Wilbourn, of the Fourth, who had reported to me with these commands, numbering about 180 men, with the design of leading them in close pursuit after the enemy the moment he gave way. I had previously sent scout from Major G. W. Stubbs' battalion of State reserve troops up the Benton road, to watch any movement by that flank to my rear. When some miles away they discovered two companies of Moorman's and Wilbourn's men, who had to move by way of Goodman to rejoin us, whom he took for the approach of a Federal force and so reported to me, the news reaching my ears at the instant I was moving off with my reserve force in pursuit of the vanquished enemy. I had to hold back my mounted forces and order Dotson and Wood to call off their commands and reform to meet the reported movement toward my rear. When I had completed this design a report from these scouts of Stubbs' battalion apprised me of their error. I sent Montgomery and Bradford forward with their companies in pursuit, who followed the enemy to Sandy Creek, within two miles of Yazoo City, where they crossed the Yazoo River during the night. This fight lasted and hour and half, was a decided victory, and cost the enemy 20 dead on the field, 7 captured wounded, 3 of whom died within twenty-four hours thereafter, and 23 other prisoners, including a lieutenant. Our loss sums up 7, only 1 of whom was killed on the field, as will more particularly appear by the accompanying report of the chief surgeon.

It affords me pleasure to state that throughout this campaign officers and men did their duty fully and promptly. There was less straggling than I have ever known on similar occasions, and a general feeling of unanimity and universal good spirit prevailed. On the field every man engaged did well, and those held in reserve seemed eager to be permitted to participate.

To Colonel Wood and Lieutenant-Colonel Dotson, commanding regiments under fire, I owe especial praise and obligations for readiness to obey orders, gallantry int he fight, and uniform good example. Bradford and Montgomery, of the scouts, zealously performed their duty, and I award them each the highest praise.

Chief Surg. Henry Hanslow deserves mention for the success with which all the appointments of his department of duty were performed and his efficient and very gallant services, as he was on the field, accompanied by his regimental assistants, Dr. G. W. Purnell and Dr. S. R. Chambers, of Wood's regiment, fully up to the post of duty and all the time in range of the enemy's shot.

Of those serving near my person I will mention William Laughlin, of Wood's regiment, my acting adjutant, and Lieutenant Hal. M. Brown, of the Eleventh and Seventeenth Arkansas Regiment, who served as my aide-de-camp. Both displayed high qualities of competency, zeal, industry, and courage.

