
rear has had no forage. I propose to remain here until everything is put in proper tim, and than turn over to General Bailey, for whom I respectfully solicit this command, as an officer well qualified to have it.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.

P. S.-A more detailed report, accompanied by a map of the country passed over, will be sent to you in a short time. I send over 20 prisoners of war (5 officers), under charge of Colonel Bush, Second Illinois Cavalry, my provost-marshal.

Very respectfully,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Major General Dabney H. Maury, C. S. Army, commanding District of the Gulf.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Mobile, Ala., December 15, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report, for the information of the Secretary of War, that a column of enemy's cavalry (4,000 men, with eight guns) marched from Baton Rouge through East Louisiana and Mississippi to a point just beyond Pascagoula River. The avowed object of the expedition was to destroy the Mobile and Ohio Railroad and to surprise Mobile. Troops were in position in time to defeat these objects. On Saturday, the 10th instant, McCulloch's (Second Missouri) regiment and Willis' (Texas) battalion met a detachment from the main body of the enemy which was sent across Chickasawha River to destroy the railroad. The enemy charged with spirit, but were repulsed with some loss. Their main force then crossed pascagoula river and was advancing ont he direct road to Mobile, by during Sunday recrossed to west side of Pascagoula and marched rapidly down toward Mississippi Sound. There is reason to believe that this force of cavalry is destined to co-operate in an attack on Mobile, which seems to be preparing. The number of vessels in the lower portion of Mobile Bay is reported to have been gradually increasing recently, and more than usual activity prevails amongst the shipping there and at Pensacola. The Governors of Mississippi and Alabama have, at my request, called out some State troops. I hope the force which I have assembled here, and which is coming to me, will suffice to guard my lines of communication and to repel any attack ont he place which the enemy is now prepared to make. I have received from Major General Gordon Granger, U. S. Army, copies of the correspondence and instructions relative to sending out cotton from here to be used in relieving the necessities of our suffering prisoners. Having received instructions on the same subject from the War Department, I have agreed with General Granger as to the manner of transferring the cotton, and taken such steps as will enable me to place the cotton on the vessel which will take it to New York in a day or two. A man named A. P. Stewart, who came

