
with the necessary permits from the Federal Government, has purchased one of the blockade-running boas which have been shut in here with a cargo of cotton, and I had made preparation to enable him to pass my defenses with it, but a recent notification from the Federal naval commander to him has suspended further action in the business for the present.

No other occurrences have transpired during the temporary command of the Department of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana, exercised by me int he absence of Lieutenant-General Taylor, which seem of sufficient importance to call to your attention.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond.

DECEMBER 4, 1864.-Skirmish at White's Station, Tenn.

Report of Lieutenant Glenn Lowe, Third Iowa Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD IOWA CAVALRY,Memphis, Tenn., December 5, 1864.

COLONEL: Pursuant to orders from brigade headquarters I left camp yesterday morning at 7 a. m. with thirty men to patrol the Germantown road as far as White's Station. About two miles and a half or three miles this side of the station my advance guard and flankers started the enemy's pickets and immediately gave pursuit at a rapid rate. I followed at a charge for about a mile, when the enemy leading my advance off the road soon started some rebels, and like the first gave chase. I followed at a trot to the station and arrived there to learn that both of my advanced at a trot to the station and arrived there to learn that both of my advanced guards had been captured, and to find from 100 to 150 of enemy under Captain Fort waiting for me. As soon as I was observed by the enemy they commenced flanking me on either flank and advancing in my front. Determined to show a bold front I advanced in line and met them half way, delivering a well-directed volley into their ranks. Their flanks beginning to close in upon me, I was now compelled to fall back, which I did in good order. As the enemy would come upon me I faced to the rear and gave them a volley. After doing this three times I saw I would be cut off entirely if I did not move faster. I fell back until I was again free from their flanks and a gallop. My bugler now sounding the halt, my men obeyed the command, as also did the enemy. I now sent one man to camp to inform you what had transpired, and returned at a walk with the balance. Thirteenth of the men captured were on the advance, and had it not been for their doing more than their duty they would have returned with me.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GLENN LOWE,

Adjutant.

Colonel JOHN W. NOBLE,

Commanding Third Iowa Cavalry.

