
productive and amply able to subsist a sufficient force to accomplish the purpose I indicate, and this is the only way in which these guerrilla bands can be prevented from again concentrating and becoming formidable from their numbers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. MCCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel A. M. ALEXANDER,

Chief of Staff, Cavalry Corps.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Oscar H. La Grange, First Wisconsin Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Munfordville, Ky., December 27, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I respectfully report that after being detached on the evening of the 17th instant, this command went into camp four miles east of the bridge over Tradewater, at White's Mill, which had been burned by the enemy, who was sixteen hours ahead of our advance, having traveled all night after the skirmish at Hopkinsville. During the night a foot bridge was built, and the command crossed on the 18th, and went into camp ten miles from the river, between Charlestown and Madisonville. During the night the sloughs were made almost impassable by a heavy rain; but learning from prisoners that the enemy's rear guard was moving through Slaughterville, we pressed rapidly forward, with the hope of overtaking him and forcing a fight. From Madisonville a dispatch was sent to the general commanding. At Slaughterville the trail turned directly north, and fearing the enemy would cross Green River before we could come up with him, I moved Captain Hill's battalion (100 strong forward at a trot, leaving orders for the column to follow as rapidly as possible without injury to the horses. At 4 p. m. our advance came in sight of the enemy's rear guard three miles from the river and fired upon it, killing 1 and wounding 3. In the excitement of the chase we soon found ourselves nearly across a causeway two miles in length, we soon found ourselves nearly across a causeway two miles in left, flanked on both sides by a swamp impassable for cavalry, and confronted by at least double our numbers advantageously posted, while the enemy's dismounted men occupied and old earth-work directly in our front. Under these circumstances a messenger was sent to hurry forward the column, and as a ruse to gain time a flag was sent with a demand for the immediate surrender of all the rebel force south of the river. General Lyon, understanding the real situation, declined compliance, and ont he appearance of our column, scattered between 200 and 300 mounted men, under Captain Gracey, in the woods, and hastily crossed his dismounted men in the ferry-boats, which he destroyed. Our advance drove a portion of his rear guard into the river, killing 1 and capturing 7. A number were drowned in swimming the river. At this point four baggage wagons, an ambulance, a quantity of medical stores, and some small-arms and equipments were abandoned by the enemy. He had dropped most of his conscripts and prisoners between madisonville and Ashbysburg. I

