
now think that waiting for the column was a serious mistake; but I have the satisfaction of knowing that my course was approved by all my subordinates, and could my superiors see the situation I think they would not censure it. It if was an error it was in a different direction from the one that cost me so much at Dalton, the 9th of May. Dispatches were sent from Ashbysburg, via Evansville, Ind., by telegraph, to the general commanding, also to commanding officer at Louisville. The 20th and 21st wee occupied in crossing Green River on the steamer D. B. Campbell, which was stopped on hr way down from Rumsey. Some old sheds were fired on the bank of the river, to enable the boat to work during the night, and at 1 a. m. on the morning of the 22nd the pursuit was continued toward Hartford. By a blunder of an orderly, Captain Dicerson, with two companies of the Fourth Indiana, was left on the south side of the river. He was subsequently ordered to proceed through Greenville to Bowling Green. Near Hartford the enemy had destroyed three bridges to retard the pursuit, and we were compelled to pass a ford half a mile in length were the water reached the middle of the horses' sides. At Hartford the ambulances and all led animals were sent, via Wilson's Ferry, to Bowling Green, and the command pressed rapidly forward. At Caney Creek the bridge was partially destroyed, but the scouts repaired it, and the march wa snot delayed. After leaving Green River on the morning of the 22nd no halt of more than three hours was made until the command reached Elizabethtown (a distance of 115 miles over terrible roads), on the morning of the 24th, in time to drive the enemy from the bridge and turn his column from the direction of the trestle-work, but too late to save the bridge and depots at no line and Glendale and the depot at Elizabethtown, which was blazing when we entered the town. At Elizabethtown the condition of our stock compelled us to discontinue the pursuit, through our scouts followed the enemy ten miles below Hodgensville, were he broke camp at daylight on the 25th, moving toward Greensburg.

We captured 29 of the enemy, including 2 majors and 2 lieutenants, 1 of each grade belonging to General Lyon's staff. They were transferred to the commanding officer of this post.

The men of our command behaved well and bore the long marches and short rations in a manner worthy of their corps. They had no opportunity to prove their fighting qualities; but the discipline they observed was in pleasing contrast with the conduct of the stragglers of the enemy, who burned houses and forage, ravished women, and plundered indiscriminately on their line of march.

I remain, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. H. LA GRANGE,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Captain ROBERT LE ROY,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Cav. Div., Mil. Div. of the Mississippi.]

Numbers 3. Report of Bvt. Brigadier General Louis D. Watkins, Sixth Kentucky Cavalry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Edgefield, Tenn., January 2, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command, consisting of the Fourth, Sixth, and Seventh

