
Kentucky Cavalry Regiments of Volunteers and the Eighteenth Indiana Battery, upon the late expedition into Kentucky in pursuit of the forces of the rebel General Lyon:

Pursuant to orders from division headquarters, my command moved out on the Gallatin pike at 2 o'clock on the morning of December 12, 1864, arriving at Gallatin that eight, where the command went into camp. On the 13th of December reached Franklin, Ky., about 8 p. m., where I found Brigadier-General McCook (to whom I reported in person) and La Grange's (Second) brigade, and where we encamped that night. The march from Edgefield, Tenn., to Franklin, Ky., was unattended by any difficulty other than that of traveling give a road covered with ice. So slippery was it, indeed, that the most of the men dismounted and led their horses to save themselves from being crippled by their falling. December 14, moved out of camp at 7 a. m. toward Russellville, Ky., reaching that place at 4 p. m. Here the Seventeenth Kentucky Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Johnson commanding was ordered to report to me for duty. Moved from Russellville at 7.30 o'clock on morning of 15th of December, in the direction of Fairview, Ky., my brigade holding the advance. The advance guard struck the enemy's pickets near Fairview late in the evening of 15th, and drove them, capturing 1 lieutenant and 8 men, killing 1 man and wounding 1. Reached Fairview at 9 p. m., when a halt of four hours was made to feed and rest.

In compliance with orders from Brigadier-General McCook, commanding our forces, I moved my command out on the Hopkinsville road at 1 o'clock int he morning of December 16. Four miles from Hopkinsville my advance, consisting of four companies of Seventh kentucky Cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Bradley, came upon a strong scouting party of rebels, who gave way after a short resistance. Here Lieutenant H. H. Talbot, Seventh Kentucky Cavalry, was severely wounded. My advance then moved to the asylums in the suburbs of Hopkinsville, forming a strong skirmish line and remaining in that position until 3 o'clock in the morning, when they were relieved by Colonel La Grange's command. I was then ordered by the general commanding to move my brigade to the left and strike the enemy in his rear, which order I obeyed. I charged with the Fourth and Sixth Kentucky Cavalry, and took possession ont he town just at day dawn, capturing 2 commissioned officers and 32 enlisted men, the enemy then being between my command and the brigade of Colonel La Grange. As soon as the rebels (300 in number) discovered my forces hey abandoned their artillery and commenced retreating in the direction of the Greenville road, where the Seventh Kentucky Cavalry, of my brigade, was then marching. Discovering their movements I immediately ordered Colonel Faulkner, Seventh Kentucky Cavalry, to charge with his regiment, intending to support his with the Sixth Kentucky Cavalry. But Colonel Faulkner, believing that they were friends, instead of enemies, failed to obey the order, and the rebels changed their course and escaped. The skirmish being over, I was ordered into camp with my command and to send out a scouting party toward Princeton. Accordingly, Lieutenant E. R. Phillips and sixty men of Sixth Kentucky Cavalry were sent out a scouting party toward Princeton. Accordingly, Lieutenant E. R. Phillips and sixty men of Sixth Kentucky Cavalry wee sent out. Thee miles from Hopkinsville the party overtook the guard in rear of the rebel wagon train and drove then some five miles, charging several times, endeavoring to captured the train. General Lyon, hearing of the situation of his train, turned back with his whole force and forced Lieutenant Phillips back toward Hopkinsville. Our men, however, gallantry contested every foot of

