
ground. On 17th of December, in obedience to orders, the brigade started in pursuit of Lyon, moving toward Princeton. The command marched eighteen miles and encamped for the night, and was ordered back the following day (18th) to Hopkinsville.

Major John F. Weston, Fourth Kentucky Cavalry, with one battalion of his regiment, was sent to Princeton on 18th, but found no armed force in the place. On 20th of December Major J. M. Bacon, Fourth Kentucky Cavalry, with detachments of Fourth, Sixth, and Seventh Kentucky Cavalry, was sent to the mouth of Yellow Creek, on Cumberland and River, a distance of forty miles, but finding no enemy he returned to camp on 22nd of December. Scouting parties wee sent out daily from Hopkinsville, but no enemy was discovered.

Pursuant to orders from General McCook the command marched from Hopkinsville to Tenton on 23rd of December, where it lay one day, when it moved toward Nashville, arriving at Edgefield, Tenn., December 28, and occupying the same camp in which it was upon moving out on 12th of December.

The casualties in my brigade during the whole expedition have been 2 men killed and 1 officer and 5 men wounded, and 5 men captured by the enemy. Our captures in all amount 3 commissioned officers and 40 enlisted men.

The roads everywhere we went were in a terrible condition, and the weather very cold, and very hard upon men and horses.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

LOUIS D. WATKINS,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Captain ROBERT LE ROY, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 4. Report of Colonel John K. Faulkner, Seventh Kentucky Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH KENTUCKY CAVALRY,Near Edgefield, Tenn., December 28, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the proceedings of my command during the scout beginning December 12, 1864, and ending December 22, 1864.

On the night of the 11th instant my regiment received marching orders, and at 1 a. m. December 12, 1864, we moved, arriving at Gallatin, Tenn., on the same evening. Leaving Gallatin Tuesday, December 13, we moved to Franklin, Ky., arriving about 5 p. m. same day. At Franklin, Ky., we were joined by the Second Brigade, First Cavalry Division, Department of Cumberland. On the 14th of December we moved to Russellville, where we arrived the same evening. leaving Russellville we marched toward Hopkinsville. Lieutenant-Colonel Bradley, with Companies G and I of his battalion of my regiment, being in advance, attacked the enemy's pickets or scouts, driving them and capturing 1 lieutenant and 8 men, killing 1 and wounding 1. Arriving at Fairview on the evening of the 1`4th, we remained until 12 m. Lieutenant-Colonel Bradley, with Companies A, C, M, and D, moving in advance from Fairview, attacked the enemy's pickets two miles and a half from Hopkinsville. The Confederate picket being about 100 strong, our advance was sternly contested. Lieutenant Talbot was severely wounded in the right side, the ball passing out below the shoulder -blade. Our advance moved to the asylum, and, forming a skirmish line, remained until about 3 a. m. ont he morning of the 16th,

