
when our advance was relieved by the Second Indiana, the advance of the Second Brigade. The Third Brigade, commanded by Bvt. Brigadier General L. D. Watkins, was ordered to move on the left flank of the rebel line. After making a circuit of about four miles, we came out upon the Greenville road, probably who miles and a half from Hopkinsville, at which place we heard the advance of the Third Brigade charging; and advancing rapidly I passed the rebel line on my left, which was briskly engaged by the Second Brigade. Moving within sight of Hopkinsville, I saw a portion of the Third Brigade formed near the seminary; at the same time I discovered a column of cavalry moving on my left, which I estimated at about 300, and which I mistook for one of our regiments, they being dressed differently from rebels I had formerly seen. Their movements were in every was calculated to deceive. I passed on toward the seminary, at which place General Watkins and staff were stationed. The portion of the Third Brigade at the seminary did not fire on the rebels, they being in close range, and thus increasing my belief that it was a body of Federal cavalry. When within 800 yards of the seminary, Captain O'Donnell, of General Watkins' staff, ordered me to turn to the right and move in the direction taken by the advance of the brigade. Very soon after receiving this order General Watkins' bugler sounded the "halt;" next the "forward" was sounded, then the "left, turn," then the "charge;" all of which was repeated by my bugler and promptly obeyed. After charging about 300 yards, General Watkins rode toward my regiment, informing me that the cavalry on my left was a body of rebels, who were then moving rapidly and almost parallel with my regiment. I was then ordered to throw the fence on my right and form a line of battle, which was executed as quick as possible; but before my line of battle was formed I was ordered to follow the general with my regiment, who moved rapidly out on the Nashville pike some distance, then turning tot he left moved up on Seminary Hill, where we met the skirmishers of the Second Brigade.

My opinion is that the object of the rebel column, when it first came in view, was to pass out by that route, but seeing the Federal cavalry turned and selected another route, passing the right flank of the Second Brigade and striking the Greenville road near the same place we passed only a short time before, thence passing out between the Greenville and Madisonville roads.

I wish to mention the gallantry of Lieutenant-Colonel Bradley, who had his horse shot from under him bravely charging the enemy; he also received a ball in the hilt of his saber. I must also mention the names of Captain McCrea, Sergeant Thomas, and Sergeant Walters, and Sergeant Gray, and several others, who honorably acquitted themselves.

[J. K. FAULKNER,

Colonel, Commanding.]

Numbers 5. Report of Colonel William J. Palmer, Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIFTEENTH PENNSYLVANIA (ANDERSON) CAVALRY,Huntsville, January 17, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that while resting the horses of my regiment in camp near Huntsville, under orders from Major-General Thomas, I was directed, on the evening of January 13, by General Wood, commanding Fourth Army Corps, to march immediately in pursuit of

