
the rebel General Lyon, who was thought to have crossed the Paint Rock River when pressed by our infantry, under General Cruft, and to be endeavoring to cross to the south side of Tennessee River, between the mouth of Paint Rock and the mouth of Flint River. On reaching the mouth of Paint Rock I ascertained that but eighty rebels had crossed to the west side of that stream, and that all of this party had already succeeded in getting across the Tennessee at Clarksville. I also learned front he gun-boats that the enemy had crossed his artillery and planted it at Beard's Bluff, between Guntersville and Fort Deposit, to protect the crossing of those of his men still remaining on the north bank. They had put one shell through the gun-boat General Grant. I also learned that our infantry, under General Cruft, had returned to the railroad,giving up the pursuit. I then concluded to cross the Tennessee River with my command, which I did at Clarksville, near the mouth of Flint River, Captain Morton, of the gun-boat General Thoms, and Captain Watson, of the General Grant, setting the regiment across in two hours. From Clarksville I marched across Sand Mountain on the Warrenton road, as far as Shoal Creek, within five miles of Warrenton, when, learning from a reliable source that General Lyon had passed through Warrenton at 11 o'clock that morning whit between 200 and 300 men and one piece of artillery, taking the road to Tuscaloosa, and that it was probable he would camp the same night at Red Hill, I turned to the right and marched toward Summit, for the purpose of getting in his rear and surprising him, if possible, by daylight. At 4 a. m. I descended Sand Mountain at Cold Spring Gap, three miles from Summit, and struck the Warrenton and Tuscaloosa road two miles in the rear of Red Hill, having first detached Lieutenant-Colonel Lamborn with one battalion of fifty men ot take the back valley road leading from Cold Spring to Feenister's Mill, where I knew one of Lyon's regiments was encamped with the artillery. With the other two battalions I moved along the main road toward Warrenton, passing, when within one mile of Red Hill, a camp of about 150 of the enemy, who did not discover our presence until I had passed by them with one battalion. With this I pushed on to capture General Lyon, who was quartered with his staff and escort at the house of Tom Noble, half a mile beyond, leaving an orderly to direct the rear battalion to capture the enemy's camp. This was done; nearly all the horses and arms and most of the men being captured, the remainder of the men making their escape on foot in the dark. In the meantime my advance guard had reached General Lyon's headquarters, and captured him at the door of Noble's house, in his night clothes. The general surrendered to Sergt. Arthur P. Lyon, while the advance guard was charging the escort, who were camped in abarn lot 100 yards back of the house, and protected by fences and outbuildings. The general begged permission to put on his pantaloons, coat, and boots, which Sergeant Lyon unfortunately granted, and went into the bedroom with him for that purpose. At that movement the escort fired a volley at the advance guard, when the sergeant said, "Come, general, I can't allow you much more time." The general then suddenly seized a pistol and shot the sergeant, killing him instantly, and made his escape through the back door in the dark, it being a half hour before daybreak. The escort fled at the same time through the woods, leaving all the headquarters horses, saddles, valises, &amp;c. I left a detachment to gather these up, and pushed on toward Warrenton in the direction of other camp-fires which could be sen ahead on our left. These proved to be at the artillery camp, where one regiment of the enemy had already become alarmed by the firing on the main road, and had saddled up and moved

