
out, taking the back valley road on which Lieutenant-Colonel Lamborn was marching in the opposite direction. Colonel Lamborn's advance had got astray in the dark, and he soon found his main column mixed up along the narrow road with the column of the advancing rebels, who anxiously inquired what that firing meant? The colonel then attacked the, taking a few prisoners, but the greater portion got off through the woods. He then proceeded to their camp and took possession of the piece of artillery, which proved to be a 12-pounder howitzer drawn by a yoke of oxen. Our detachments all concentrated at the Widow Noble's, seven miles south of Warrenton, where we stooped to rest and feed our horses, with the exception of thirty men whom I sent ahead, under Captain Wagner, to Warrenton, on the road to which they captured a few more prisoners.

I learned from the prisoners that General Lyon's force from the start had been exaggerated; that he entered Kentucky with between 800 and 1,000 men and two pieces of artillery, and that on crossing the Memphis and Charleston Railroad at Scottsborough in his retreat he had but 350 men and the howitzer; that 250 succeeded in getting across the Tennessee River, leaving 100 on the north side. The prisoners were loaded with the plunder of Kentucky stores. We took 95 prisoners and about 120 horses; the latter were good, but much jaded.

I then returned to the river at Beard's Bluff in the hope of capturing a small detail of rebels that General Lyon had left to aid the crossing of his remaining force, but they had already learned of our proximity and fled. At Fort Deposit I met Captain Forrest with all of the gun-boat fleet, except the General Burnside. The captain, with Captain Naylor, of the Sone River, at once crossed us to Fearn's Ferry, which we reached at 9 p. m. on Monday, January 16. From this place i marched early the next morning to surround the remainder of the rebels, whom I expect, from the statements of prisoners, to find at the mouth of Honey Comb Creek; but on reaching this point I ascertained that they had left at 10 p. m. the previous night-some sixty in all-taking the road to Woodville. I presume they will endeavor to make their way to East Tennessee. Int his party were several of Lyon's staff officers. Most of the crossing had been done at Honey Comb Creek, although Lyon himself, with the artillery and a considerable number of remainder at the mouth of Pain Rock, on the east side of that stream and at Fearn's Ferry. The crossing was done on rafts and small canoes, swimming the horses; a considerable number were drowned in the passage.

I do not think Lyon's command will give much more trouble as an organization.

My force on this expedition consisted of 180 men, the remainder of my horses being too much fagged by our recent expedition after the enemy's pontoon and supply trains to be taken along. I lost one man, Sergt. Arthur P. Lyon, as brave and excellent a soldier as the army contains.

Captain Forrest, with Captain Naylor, of the Stone River, very obligingly brought my command down the river to Whitersburg, from which it marched to Huntsville, reaching here to-day, and turning over the prisoners and howitzer to the post commander.

I am, major, yours, respectfully,

WM. J. PALMER,

Colonel Fifteenth Pennsylvania (Anderson) Cavalry.

Major SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Army Corps.

