
wounded, doing all they could for them, to whom I applied for assistance after I found that General Cruft's surgeons would do nothing for me.

On my arrival at Larkinsville I reported to you and asked for orders, which were for me to send my wounded men by first train either to Huntsville or Stevenson, as medical aid could not be sent to me; but owing to the brigade over Paint Rock being out of repair I did not have an opportunity until the morning of the 12th instant. I take pleasure in saying that i find my men, though but little accustomed to the use of the musket, and not yet mustered into service, to be cool and at no time did I lose confidence in their willingness to fight to the last, through surrounded by a much larger force aided by artillery.

For Lieutenant Smart, commanding detachment of One hundred and tenth U. S. Colored Infantry, I must say that he was all that could be expected, cheering the men on and inspiring them with the belief that all would be well and we were strong enough to drive them off.

My loss was six wounded: Sergt. Amos Bird, left leg; Sergeant Annies, left leg shot off; Corporal Lacy, slightly; Privates Robert Williams, in leg, Jones slight; private from Lieutenant Smart's company, whose leg was shot off. We inflicted a loss in the enemy of 1 colonel and 17 men [killed] and 40 wounded.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN H, HILL,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Company.

Lieutenant W. M. SCOTT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 8. Report of Brigadier General Hylan B. Lyon, C. S. Army, commanding Department of Western Kentucky.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN KENTUCKY,Aberdeen, Miss., January 3, 1865.

I have the honor to respectfully submit the following report of the expedition just completed by my command through the State of Kentucky, Tennessee, and the northern part of Alabama:

on the 21st of November, 1864, while I was at Corinth, Miss., securing arms for my command, which was then being organized at paris, Tenn., I received orders from General Hood, commanding Army of Tennessee, and approved by General Beauregard, commanding the Division of the West, to proceed with my command across the Tennessee and Cumberland Rivers west of Clarksville, Tenn., to move up the north bank of Cumberland River, capture Clarksville, if practicable, tear up and destroy the railroad and telegraph lines running into Nashville, and to put all the mills in running order throughout that entire section for the use of the Government.

My command at this time consisted of 800 men, undisciplined and but poorly organized, and two pieces of artillery (12-pounder howitzers).

None of my command had been in the service exceeding four months, and a majority of them but a few days. I organized it into two brigades of 400 men each-the First Brigade commanded by Colonel J. J. Turner, Thirtieth Tennessee Infantry; the Second Brigade by Colonel J. Q. Chenoweth, of Chenoweth's regiment. My command was poorly equipped,

