
When my command had all crossed except about fifty of my men and myself, General McCook demanded the surrender of myself and all the forces on the south bank of Green River, and on my refusal to do so without a fight, withdrew two miles, and I crossed with the remainder of my command in safety. I moved from Green River to Hartford, captured and paroled the garrison, consisting of 2 commissioned and 46 non-commissioned officers and privates, and burned the court-house.

From Hartford I moved through Litchfield, deterring to strike the Louisiana railroad near Elizabethtown. I ordered a detachment of

fifty men to Elizabeth to capture and destroy the de[pot, courthouse, stockades, and trestle, which was successfully done, while I moved with the main body on Nolin Station. I captured at the station a train of cars loaded with Federal soldiers, which I paroled, also a strong block-house commanding the railroad bridge across Nolin River. I effectually destroyed both block-house and brigade and cars. At this place I learned of General Hood's defeat and retreat from Tennessee, which had a very demoralizing effect upon my command (which were all new recruits), and within two days after it was ascertained that the Confederate army had left Tennessee 500 of my men deserted and returned to their homes.

The depot which was destroyed at Elizabethtown was filled with valuable army stores, and estimated at $500,000. From this point I moved through Hodgensville to Campbellsville, burning the court-house at the letter place; from thence to Columbia and Burkesville, destroying the brigade over Green River at the former and the court-house at the latter place. I succeeded in crossing the Cumberland at this place without difficulty, and moved sound through Livingston, Sparta McMinnville, and Winchester, Tenn.; from thence to Gunter's Landing, on the Tennessee River. I had up to this time been followed closely by the enemy, but had preserved my piece of artillery. The Tennessee River was very high, several gun-boats were patrolling the river, and a large force of infantry and cavalry moving down from Huntsville to capture us, while the gun-boas would keep us from crossing, but during the night I crossed my command over with canoes (the piece and carriage was dismounted and carried over fragment at a time), except about fifty men, who had straggled from the main body. I moved from Gunter's Landing to Red Hill, at which point I was attacked by an overwhelming force of Federal cavalry from Decatur, Ala., which force succeeded in capturing sixty of my officers and men and my remaining piece of artillery. I moved through Blountsville and Elyton to Tuscaloosa, Ala., where I ordered a halt for the purpose of resting and recruiting my horses and men, who are in a very jaded condition. My command is encamped near that place.

Up to the time of General McCook's move on Hopkinsville I had enforced the draft or conscript law, and mustered into the service about 400 men, 100 of whom Captain Gracey succeeded in bringing to Paris, Tenn. This movement of McCook prevented my carrying out to the letter the order received from General Hood, though I accomplished all I was ordered to do except putting the mills in running order near Clarksville, Tenn. I took from the bank at Hopkinsville, Ky., a small sum of Federal money, which I have turned over to the quartermaster, to be used un defraying the expenses of the expedition, and for which he will render a proper account.

When all thinks are considered pertaining to this expedition, it was a success beyond my most sanguine expectations. The men were all new recruits, but poorly organized, and armed for the first time only

