
Numbers 7.- Captain Henry T. Stanton, Assistant Adjutant-General, C. S. Army

Numbers 8.- Captain H. C. Graham, Judge-Advocate.

Numbers 9.- Lieutenant D. P. Parr, jr.

Numbers 10.- Samuel Lawrence, clerk at General Breckinridge's headquarters.

Numbers 11.-Brigadier General John C. Vaughn. C. S. Army.

Numbers 12.- Brigadier General Basil W. Duke, C. S. Army.

Numbers 13.- Brigadier General John Echols, C. S. Army.

Numbers 14.- Colonel Henry L. Giltner, Fourth Kentucky Cavalry.

Numbers 15.- Brigadier General George B. Cosby, C. S. Army.

Numbers 16.- Colonel John B. Palmer, Fifty-eight North Carolina Infantry, commanding Mountain District.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General George Stoneman, U. S. Army, commanding.

CAMP NEAR KINGSPORT, TENN., [December 13,] 1864.

(Via Cumberland Gap 17th.)

We left Knoxville on the 10th, overtook Duke's (formerly Morgan's) command yesterday; during the night drove him across the North for of the Holston River. This morning we crossed the river, attacked and captured and killed nearly the whole command and taking the whole wagon train. Colonel R. C. Morgan, a brother of John, is, with many others, prisoner. All consider this command as completely destroyed. The fighting was done by General Gillem's command and Thirtieth Kentucky, of General Burbridge's command. We are now in motion for Bristol, where we hope to intercept Vaughn's command and treat it as we have Duke's. The prisoners and captured train will be sent to the rear by General Gillem this evening, the train being a portion lost by him on his retreat from Bull's Gap.

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General.

[Major-General THOMAS.]

KNOXVILLE, TENN., December 27, 1864.

I have the honor to report the following as the result of our operations in Southwest Virginia:

The expedition-consisting of a body of men hastily called together by Brevet Major-General Burnside in Kentucky, and armed and mounted by him in a surprisingly short time, and a portion of a Tennessee cavalry brigade which Brigadier-General Gillem had succeeded in reorganizing -left this place on the 10th instant. No one, not even my own officers, knew of my intentions, nor did the enemy learn of our movement until the third day out. We first hit Duke's command at Kingsport, and killed, captured, or scattered the whole of it. We next struck Vaughn's force at Papertown, near Bristol, and drove him from making a junction with Breckinridge at Saltville, and followed him to Marion, where we overtook him, and pushed him the ought Wytheville, Killing, Capturing, or dispersing all but about 200 men, with which he escaped toward Lynchburg. We then turned on Breckinridge, who had followed us with the forces of Giltner, Cosby, Wither, and the remnant of Duke's, cut him off from the salt-works, and attacked and drove him over the mountains into North Carolina. We them pushed for the salt-works, where we found about 700 home guards, under Colonel Preston, which we easily captured or drove into the mountains.

