
December 17. - Commenced pursuit of retreating rebel army.

December 29. - Arrived at Pulaski, Tenn.; marched toward Clifton, Tenn.

December 31. - Encamped fifteen miles west of Lawrenceburg, Tenn.

January 1, 1865. - Continued the march; marched fourteen miles, and bivouacked near Waynesborough, Tenn.

January 2. - Marched sixteen miles, and camped at Clifton, Tenn.

January 4. - Two regiments - Twelfth Iowa and Seventh Minnesota - moved by transports to Eastport, Miss.

January 8. - Embarked on boats.

January 10. - Landed at Eastport, Miss., and moved into camp two miles from the river.

January 12. - Fortifying our position.

January 25. - Out of rations; shelled corn is issued to the men.

January 31. - In camp near Eastport, Miss.

Second Division.

[December.] - Division remained encamped two miles west of Nashville, Tenn., until the 15th, when it moved in line of battle outside breast-works, attacking the enemy in front, under command of Lieutenant-General Hood, driving them the whole day.

December 16. - The enemy were again attacked and driven from every position in front of this division. It captured during the two days' engagements, 24 heavy guns, 1,000 prisoners, 3 battle-flags, and many stand of small-arms. Among the many officers captured by this division will be found Major General Edward Johnson, Colonel Voorhies, and other officers of lesser rank.

December 17. - The division took up line of march in pursuit of the retreating enemy, following from day to day, passing through Franklin, Spring Hill, Lynn, Columbia,and Pulaski; thence across Richland Creek, through Lawrenceburg and Vaynesborough, on the Columbia road, where the division is now camped within three miles of that place.

January 3, 1865. - Division reached Clifton, Tenn., and embarked on transports; moved up the Tennessee River to Eastport, Miss., at which place the division is now encamped.

First Brigade, Second Division.

December 1. - The brigade landed at Nashville, Tenn.; formed in line of battle in common with the rest of the troops under General thomas and threw up entrenchments. In this position we lay until the morning of the 15th, when the army advanced upon the enemy. The First Brigade bore a conspicuous part in the great battle of the 15th and 16th, capturing 10 pieces of artillery and 400 prisoners.

December 17. - The army started in pursuit of Hood's forces, and continued on the march by easy stages, passing through Franklin, Spring Hill, Columbia, Lynn, and Pulaski.

December 31. - Army changed direction toward Clifton, Tenn., on which route the brigade now is.

January 2, 1865. - Brigade reached Clifton, on the Tennessee River.

January 3. - Embarked.

January 7. - Landed at Eastport, Miss., where the brigade now is in winter quarters.

6 R R-VOL XLV, PT I

