
I submit this for your consideration, and if you approve of the idea please inform me by telegraph. (hope you will not disapprove it, as I think I can see very important results from its execution. I own the Southern Confederacy a debut I am anxious to liquite, and this appears a propitious occasion.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

To which I received per telegraph the following reply:

NASHVILLE, TEEN., December 6, 1864-8 a. m.

Major-General STONEMAN,

Knoxville:

I approve of the first part of the plan proposed in your letter, November 26, viz, to push enemy as far back as practicable into Virginia and destroy the salt-work and railroad. I cannot decide as to further operations until affairs here take more Definite shape, therefore do not undertake the other enterprise without further orders. Inform me by telegraphed when you start and keep me advised of your progress.

J. M. SCHOFIELD.

Major-General.

On the 7th of December I sent the Fourth Tennessee and the Third North Carolina Infantry, via Sevierville, to Paint Rock, with instructions to hold the passes over the mountains into North Carolina until East Tennessee was evacuated by the enemy, after which Colonel Patterson with his Fourth Tennessee was to move down the French Broad River and protect the Government trains in collecting forage, and the Third North Carolina Kirk, was to scour the mountain region between Tennessee and North Carolina, and clear it of rebels. On the 9th of December the two regiments of Ohio heavy artillery which had been for some days at Strawberry Plains and the supply trains were ordered to Blain's Cross-Roads, followed the next day by Gillem's command and myself. On the 11th we were all at Bean's Station, where General Burbridge joined me and received his instructions. Up to this time no one knew where we were going or what were my intentions, not oven my staff officer, nor until the day following did the enemy find out that we had moved from Knoxville. During the night of the 11th the men were supplied from trains with all the ammunition and rations they could carry on themselves and their horses.

Leaving Bean's Station on the morning of the 12th, we reached Kingsport, opposite the North Fork of the Holston River, at daylight on the morning of the 13th. Here General Gillem, who was in the advance, found Duke, s command. This was John Morgan's old command, and was at that time under the command of Colonel Richard Morgan, a brother of John-Duke being absent on leave. After short contest Gillem succeeded in crossing the river, and afterward in killing, captain, or dispersing the whole force, capturing Morgan himself and his whole force, capturing Morgan himself and his whole

wagon train. During the afternoon and night of the 13th I pushed Burbridge's command on to Bristol, with instructions to endeavor to intercept Vaughn, who had for a long been at Greeneville with a force variously estimated, but which I thought to be about 1,200 strong. During the night I followed with Gillem's command, and reached Bristol early in the day of the 14th. On the way I received two messages, thorough staff officers, from General Burbridge, asking for re-enforcements. The roads being very heavy, I received the caissons to be destroyed, which enabled me to add more horses to each gun and to move much ore rapidly. Arrived at Bristol, I found that only picket firing had taken place. A dense fog prevailed, and fearing that Vaughan would get past us during the

