
The wells, instead of not being seriously damaged, as is stated in the official report, were, by the use of bomb-shells, railroad iron, spikes, nails, &amp;c., put in such a condition as to render it impossible to use them until they were cleared out, inclosuding the engineers at the works, are of the opinion that it will be much cheaper and more expedient to bore new wells than to clear out the old ones. The engines and pumps were also destroyed and the structures all burners to the ground. Though it can hardly be said that we captured any negroes, yet a large number came out of the country with us, as likewise did no inconsiderable number of refugees.

I must not neglect to mention that four newspaper presses were destroyed, and that General Burbridge succeeded in gaining possession of the telegraph office operator at Bristol, a circumstance which proved of great advantage to us, as we were enabled to ascertain the locality and strength of the enemy's forces, the orders that had been issued, and to be made acquainted with his impressions in regard to us and our movements. On our return my instructions to the rear guard were to reduce the country to such a condition as to render it difficult for the enemy to follow us in any force. Substance form man and beast was obtained from the country through which we passed and was ample. Considering the season of the year, the continued rains and snow, and the condition of the road consequent thereon, our marching during the operations was very creditable, having averaged forty-two and a half every twenty-four hours.

Of the conduct of the command I cannot speak in terms too high of praise, and with but few exceptions each and all merit the approbation of the Government and have my sincerest thanks. Notwithstanding the terms to service of some had expired they were amongst the most willing in the performance of their arduous duties, and though others had as yet never been mustered into the service their conduct was all that could have been expected of veterans. Neither danger, long marches, sleepless night, hunger, or hardship brought forth a complaint, and the utmost harmony and good feeling prevailed through. Each felt that from the field in which he was employed a rich and abundant harvest could be raped, and worked with all his might and main.

In addition to the officers whose names have been mentioned in the foregoing report, I wish to call your special attention to Major M. W. Keogh, aide-de-camp, Captain Robert Morrow, assistant adjutant-general, Lieutenant R. Williams, ordnance officer, and Captain J. B. Roberts, Tenth Michigan Cavalry, commanding scouts and couriers, as being young officers of unusual merit, and to each of whom I am under many obligations. There are others who deserve, and doubtless will receive, special notice from their immediate commanders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO STONEMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Ohio.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Pulaski, december 27, 1864-10 p. m.

Major General GEORGE STONEMAN,

Knoxville, Tenn.:

I have receive the report of this date of your operations in East Tennessee and Southwestern Virginia, and most cordially congratulate

