
you and the officers and men of y our command of your complete and splendid success, and for which you richly deserve, and I have earnestly recommended you receive, the thanks of the War Department. Whilst you were driving Breckinridge from East Tennessee this army gave Hood a very genteel whipping, capturing from him all of sixty-eight pieces of artillery, large numbers of small-arms, and several thousand prisoners. His army is new thoroughly demoralized and retreating as rapidly as the roads will permit across the Tennessee. General Sherman has also made a triumphant march through Georgia to Savannah, which place he captured on the 21st instant, with quantinles of stores, arms, and ammunition, and 150 locomotives. The garrison, under Hardee, made its escape by the Union Causeway toward Charleston.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

Numbers 2. Report of Bvt. Major General Stephen G. Burbridge, U. S. Army.

(Received 9.50 p. m.)

I have the honor or report that my mounted force, 4,000 strong, in conjunction with General Gillem's brigade, the whole under the command of Major General George Stoneman, marched from Bean's Station on the 12th of December at daylight. We met Duke's brigade at Kingsport, where he was drawn up to oppose the crossing of the Holston. I sent two regiment to support General Gilem, who flanked the enemy, routing him Killed, wounded, and captured 100 and a wagon train. I pursued to Bristol. Attacked the place at 3 o'clock in the morning, capturing the town, 250 prisoners, 2 trains of cars, 5 engines, and ambiance qualities of stores. I learned Vaughn was at Zollicoffer, twelve miles below, and marched to attack him, but he slipped away in dense for and made for the salt-words. I discovered his flight in time to head him off to Abingdon, which place I capture on the night of December 14, taking one gun, a large amount of stores, an engine with some rolling-stock. General Gillem continued pursuit of Vaughn, coming up with at Marion, driving him from a strong position and capturing fifty prisoners. I sent Colonel Brown's brigade to the support of General Gillem, who again came upon the enemy at Mount Airy, drove him in confusion, capturing some prisoners, seven pieces of cannon, and a large wagon train. Colonel Brown, with his brigade, later in the day charged the home guards of Wytheville, capturing 5 pieces of cannon and 8 caissons. Major Harrison, of the Twelfth Kentucky, who had been detached by ordered of General Stoneman, with 300 picket men and horses, struck the Virginia railroad, on the 15th of December, near Glade Springs, cutting it and captured two trains of cars. He then for in Vaughn's front and continued rapidly along the line of the road, destroyed all the bridges and depots as far as Wytheville a large amount of rolling-stock, and the great iron-works near Marion. Colonel Brown destroyed the brigades for ten miles above Wytheville, when the expedition stares on its return, the men and horses being entirely worn out. Near Marion I came upon Breckinridge, who was following, and an engagement of thirty-six hours ensued,

