
send, at the close of which Breckinridge retreated toward Saltville; but Colonel Buckley, with a brigade, having got in his rear, forced him in confusion toward North Carolina. Colonel Buckley effectually destroyed the lead mines Wytheville. On the night of the 20th after some resistance, our united forces captured the salt-works, with eight pieces of cannon. The expedition has been entirely successful and will be more left by the enemy than the loss of Richmond. The salt-works lead mines are in ruins and cannot be repaired during the war. My forces are now at this place and safe. I will send you a detailed report by mail.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General.

Honorable E. M. Stanton.
HEADQUARTERS FORCES IN THE FIELD,Mount Sterling, Ky., December 30, 1864.

(Received 4.20 p. m. 31st.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I see in the papers of yesterday what purports to be a dispatch from me to you, dated Catlettsburg, December 28, 1864. I wrote no such dispatch and have not been at Catlettsburg. The following is a copy of a dispatch sent you for your personal information from Pound Gap:

POUND GAP, December 27, 1864.

I have the honor to report that my mounted force, 4,000 strong, in conjunction with General Gillem's brigade, the whole under command of Major General George Stoneman, marched from Bean's Station on 12th of December at daylight. On the morning of the 13th they found duke's brigade at Kingsport, under Coll Dick morgan, drawn up to oppose the crossing of the Holston. General Stoneman sent two regiments of my command to support General Gillem, who crossed two regiments at a ford two miles above, flanked the enemy, routing him, killing 15, capturing 85, and a train of 13 wagons. I pushed the rebels to Bristol, which place I captured on the morning of the 14th at 3 o'clock, taking 250 prisoners, 2-trains of cars, 5 engines, and immense stores. I learned that Vaughn was at Zollicoffer, twelve miles bellow. I marched to attack him, but he slipped away in a dense fog and made off for the salt-works, intending to join Breckinridge. I discovered his flight in time to head him off at Abingdon, which place I captured on december his flight in time to head him off at Abingdon, which place I captured on December 15, taking one gun, a large amount of stores, and and engine with twelve cars. General Gillem continued one gun, large amount of stores, and an engine with twelve cars. General Gillem continued pursuit of Vaughn, coming up with him at Marion, where he was posted in a strong position, from which General Gillem dove him, capturing fifty prisoners. By direction of General Stoneman, I sent colonel Brown's brigade to support General Gillem, who again came upon the enemy at Mount Airy. General Gillam charged him, driving him in confusiones, and capturing seven pieces of artillery, taking a wagon train and some prisoners. Colonel Brown later in the day charged into Wytheville, routing the home guards and capturing four pieces of artillery and eight caissons. Major Harrison, of the Twelfth Kentucky, who had been detached by order of General Stoneman, with 300 picked men and horses, struck the Virginia railroad on the 15th at Glade Springs, captured two trains of cars, got in Vaughn's front, and followed up the line of the road, destroying all the bridges and depots as far as Wytheville, burning a large amount of rolling-stock and the great iron-works near Marion Colonel Brown destroyed the brigades for ten miles above Wytheville, when the expedition started on its return, the men and horses being thoroughly worn out, and a force of cavalry having made its appearance in our rear. I drove the cavalry force following us, which was Breckinridge's advance, coming on Breckinridge near Marion, where he was posted on the hills 2,200 strong. A engagement of thirty-six hours ensued, at the close of which Breckinridge retreated toward Saltville; but Colonel Bickley, with a brigade, having got in his rear at Seven-Mile Ford, forced him in confusion toward North Carolina. Colonel Buckley effectually destroyed the lead mines near Wytheville on night of 20th, capturing 100 prisoners. Our united forces captured the salt-works after some resistance on the 21st of December,

