
taking eight pieces of artillery and some prisoners. The expedition has been entirely successful and will be more felt by the loss of Richmond.

The salt-works and lead mines are in ruins and cannot be repaired during the war.

My forces are now at this place and safe.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

As the dispatch our poring to be mine has gone before the public, I hope you will cause this one to be published.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., January 3, 1865.

SIR: I have the have to report that the mounted forces under my command, 4,000 strong, formed a junction with General Gillmore;s brigade at Bean's Station on the 11th of December, and on the morning of the 12th the whole command, under Major-General Stoneman, marched to Kingsport, where at daylight on the 13th we found Duke's brigade under Colonel Dick Morgan, posted to oppose our crossing the Holston. I sent two regiments of my command to support General Gillem, who after a short engagement, flaked the enemy on the left by crossing a ford two miles up the stream, and charging him in rear routed his forces, killing and wounding 15 and capturing 85 prisoners, with a train of 13 wagons. I followed the enemy to Bristol, the Eleventh Kentucky, under Colonel Boule, charging into the town at 3 o'clock in the morning, driving out Duke's command, capturing the place, with 200 prisoners, 2 trains of cars, 5 engineers, and an immense quantity of stores and munitions of war. I learned that General Vaughn was at Zollicoffer, ten miles from Bristol, with 2,000 men. Dispatching General Stoneman of this, asking his to support me with Gillem, I moved at once against Vaughn, and found myself in his front soon after daylight. A dense for prevented me from attacking him; and taking advantage of the weather, he crossed the Holston and made off for Abingdon, intending to get into the salt-works and join Breckinridge. At noon i discovered his flight, and General Stoneman, with Gillem coming up soon afterward, directed me to pursue, and if possible head Vaughn off Abington, which I did successfully, occupying the crossroads two hours before the enemy came up. Caught, finding me again in his front, turned off toward north Carolina and marched for Wythewille. General Stoneman sent Gillem to head off Vaughn, and directed me to send 300 picked men to burn the railroad brigades. I sent Major Harrison with the Twelfth Kentucky, who did all that was expected of him, cutting the road, as directed, a few moments after Breckinridge had passed into Saltville. He captured the two up trains, destroyed them, and push off for Wytheville, burning fifty-three brigades, a large number of cars, and the immense iron-works near Marion.

In the meantime General Gillem came up at Marion with Vaughn's rear, under Colonel Gillespie, and attacking him, captured fifty prisoners. General Stoneman directed me to dispatch a brigade to support General Gillem, and Colonel Brown, commanding First Brigade, was accordingly sent. Before Colonel Brown got up General Gillem had driven Gillespie from the field and pursued him as far as Mount Airy, where he found him drawn up in line of battle, and charging, routed him in confusion, capturing 7 pieces of cannon, some prisoners, and a large wagon train. Colonel Brown charged into Wytheville, capturing

51 R R-VOL XLV, PT I

