
4 pieces of artillery and 8 caissons, after which he burned the bridges on the railroad for ten miles above Wytherville and returned. General Gillem's and the forces under my command, except Buckley's brigade, formed a junction twelve miles above Marion on the morning of the 18th of December. In the meantime I and, by direction of General Stoneman, sent Colonel Buckley and his brigade the lead mines near Wythville, which he did effectually, capturing 100 prisoners and joining me at Seven-Mile Ford. Out stone and men being thoroughly worn out, a force of rebel cavalry having made their appearance in our rear, and Breckinridge being shut up in Saltville and hopelessly cut of from re-enforcements, General Stoneman determined to return and reduce the salt-works. I reconnoitered the cavalry force in my rear, and fin ding it to be men under the rebel Witcher I charged him with the Elevent Michigan, during him in confusion for several miles till I came upon a column 2,200 strong under Breckinridge, who was in pursuit of our forces. I at once began the action which continued until night-fall, my whole force coming up and engaging, but the rebels holding their position, which was a strong. A little before dark Generals Stoneman and Gillem came up, but the fighting was over for the day. At daylight I renewed the action, General Stoneman sending General Gillem to the right to get in Breckinridge's rear, and if possible cut him off from the salt-works; but the action in my front becoming more serious than was anticipated, General Gillem was recalled to my assistance, but did not get back until darkness had put an end to the fighting. During the night Breckinridge retreated in the direction of Saltville, but Colonel Buckley, returning from the destruction of the lead minutes with his brigade, and brigade, and having got in Breckinridge's rear at the Seven-Mile Ford, charged his advance, capturing ten, when Breckinridge put back to Marion in confusion and took the North Carolina road.

At daylight I sent Colonel Bentley with the Twenty Ohio in pursuit. He came up with the enemy's rear guard twelve miles not, charged and drove the, capturing one wagon and caisson, after which he returned. I broke camp at midnight and moved on Saltville, being joined by General Gillem, who attacked in the left, while I made an attack on the right. The fight continued until night, when the garrison, consisting or 800 men, evacuated the place and retreated inthe direction of Marion and scattering into the mountains, many coming in and giving themselves up. Eight guns were left in our hands at Saltville, which much ammunition. We effectually destroyed the salt wells and works.

My colored troops, under Colonel J. F. Wade, commanding Third Brigade, behaved splendidly, charging Duke's brigade at Marion and driving him in confusion.

For valuable service rendered in this expedition, I would respectfully but urgently recommend the following officers for promotion to the position named: Colonel James S. Brisbin, Fifth U. S. S. Colored Cavalry, and chief of staff, to be brigadier-general of colored troops, to date from the 19th of December, 1864; Colonel S. B. Brown, Eleventh Michigan Cavalry, to be brevet brigadier-general of volunteers, to date from the 19th of December, 1864, for meritorious conduct at the battle Marion; Major Harrison, Twelfth Kentucky, as brevet colonel; First Lieutenant L. Linn, Eleventh Kentucky Cavalry, as captain and commissary of subsistence.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

