
Numbers 3. Report of Brigadier General Alvan C. Gillem, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS BRIGADE GOVERNOR'S GUARDS,Camp near Knoxville, Tenn., December 30, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this command the 10th to the 19th instant:

In accordance with an agreement between Major-General Stoneman and myself that the forces under my command should co-operate in a movement against the rebel forces in East Tennessee and Southwestern Virginia, I marched from this place on the 10th instant with 1,500 picked men and horses, unencumbered with transportation, except a limited number of ambulances (seven), and encamped that night eight miles beyond Blain's Cross-Roads on the main road leading to Kingsport. The 11th instant we marched twenty-five miles, and that night drew seven days' rations from the depot at Bean's Station. Left camp at daylight on the 12th, and when ten miles this side of Rogersville came upon the enemy's pickets, which were driven back until we reached Big Creek, four miles east of Rogersville, where we came upon the enemy (which afterward proved to be Duke's brigade), occupying a strong position which commanded the brigade over the creek. Seeing that it would be impossible to attack this position in front without considerable loss of life, I ordered Major Wagner, with one battalion of the Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry, to proceed down the creek and turn the enemy' left flank by a ford, whilst the Eighth Tennessee Cavalry made a demonstration of crossing above the bridge. These movements had the desisted effect, and the enemy abandoned their position. So soon as I perceived them falling back the remaining two battalions of the Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry were ordered to charge them in front, major Wagner's battalion having crossed the creek in time to join in the charge. The enemy were driven in confusion in the direction of Kingsport. They were pursued until 8 p. m., when my command was halted ten miles east of Rogersville to rest and feed. At 12 p. m., after four hours' rest, I resumed the pursuit, and at daylight reached the bank of the North Fork, opposite Kingsport, having marched forty-four miles inthe previous twenty-four hours. The enemy were found strongly posted a cedar thicket on a bluff commanding the ford, and also in the village of Kingsport. After consultation with Major-General Stoneman, the Eleventh Tennessee Cavalry was ordered to proceed up the river and cross at Kyle's Ford, two miles and a half above, and turn the enemy's right flank, whilst I, with two battalions of the Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Stacy, and the Ninth Tennessee Cavalry, under Major Hornsby, should cross the river and attack them in front. To cover our crossing Major Wagner, with the Third Battalion of the Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry, was ordered to take a position in the shrubbery and behind the fences near the river on the west bank. At my request Major-General Burbridge ordered a regiment to to support Major Wagner, and also one to cross the river at the same ford by which the Eighth Tennessee passed, but this regiment did not reach Kingsport in time to participate in the engagement. So soon as the Eight Tennessee Cavalry its appearance on the enemy's right flank, the Thirteenth and Ninth Regiments, with the exception of Wagner's battalion, charged across the river and attacked them in front. This movement completely surprised them, and after a feeble resistance, considering the advantage of their position, they fled in confusion, and

