
Colonel John I. Rinaker, One hundred and twenty-second Illinois, took command of the brigade on the 8th, which he retained until the 15th, since which time it had been controlled by its present commander [Colonel David Moore].

Second Brigade, Second Division.

December 1. - The command debarked from transports at Nashville Tenn., and moved into line of battle on a range of hills southwest of town two miles. Here earth-works were thrown up, behind which the brigade lay until December 15, when it was ordered our against the enemy. After fighting him two days he was routed.

December 17. - The command moved in pursuit on Franklin pike eight miles, and encamped.

December 18. - Moved two miles beyond Franklin.

December 19. - Moved one mile and a half beyond Spring Hill.

December 20 to 25. - Moving toward Columbia.

December 25. - Reached Columbia.

December 26. - Moved eleven miles toward Pulaski, passing through Lynn.

December 27. - Moved nine miles toward Pulaski.

December 28. - In camp.

December 29. - Moved through Pulaski on road to Lawrenceburg.

December 30. - Moved through Lawrenceburg on Clifton road and encamped.

December 31. - Moved six miles on Clifton road.

Marched during the month, ninety-two miles.

January 1, 1865. - Fine day; cold; two inches show. Marched from camp toward Clifton, on the Tennessee River, sixteen miles.

January 2. - Pleasant day. Marched seventeen miles to Clifton.

January 3. - Cloudy and rainy. Lay in camp.

January 4. - Embarked on transports and moved up the Tennessee River to Waterloo, Ala., arriving January 6; distance, eighty miles.

January 7. - Moved down to Eastport, Miss., and went into quarters.

January 9. - Went out on reconnaissance to Iuka, Miss., and returned same day; distance traveled, eighteen miles; slight skirmish; captured one prisoner.

[January 31.] - The command still lies in camp at Eastport, Miss.

Third Brigade, Second Division.

December 1. - The brigade took position assigned to it in the line of the defense of Nashville and was immediately employed in fortifying the position, where it remained until the engagement of the 15th and 16th, in which it took part, losing 52 officers and men. Since the morning of the 17th the brigade has been co-operating with the troops of General Thomas' command in the pursuit of the enemy.

December 31. - Encamped near Waynesborough. Marched during the month, 100 miles.

January 1, 1865. - The brigade left camp and passed through Waynesborough.

January 2. - Reached Clifton, Tenn.

January 3. - Embarked on transports.

January 7. - Landed at Eastport, Miss.; disembarked same day and went into camp.

