
were pursued for seven miles. The pursuit only ended when the enemy, loosing all semblance of organization, scattered through the woods for safety. The enemy's loss in this charge was 18 killed, 84 prisoners, including Colonel R. C. Morgan, commanding brigade. Their subsistence and ammunition train of 14 wagons and 4 ambulances fell into our hands.

That night we encamped three miles east of Kingsport. At 4 o'clock in the morning of the 14th I marched for Bristol, via Blountsville, arriving at the former place (which had been occupied the night precious by Major-General Burbridge) at 1 p. m., feeding and resting at Bristol until 11 p. m., when we marched for Abingdon, at which place we arrived at 4 a. m. on the 15th, General Burbridge's command having preceded me a few hours. At 8 a. m. I passes General Burbridge's command and took the Wytheville road. When near the road leading from Glade Springs to the salt-works met and skirmished with a small force of the enemy, which did not materially retard our progress. At 4 p. m. halted to feed at Seabright's, fourteen miles east of Abingdon; rested until 11 p. m. and resumed our march toward Wytheville. At 4 a. m. came upon a small force of the enemy (at 8 p. m. I received a note from Major-General Stoneman, informing me that General Vaughn was marching up the south bank of the Holston and endeavoring to reach the salt-works, which he requested me, if possible, to prevent), which was captured, and proved to be the rear guard of General Vaughn, whom I now learned had given up all idea of reaching the salt-works and was marching eastward. Who continued our march without interruption until we arrived at Marion, about one hour before daylight on the 16th, when we were fired by a large party of the enemy posted in the village of Marion and eight by soldiers or citizens from many of the houses. The enemy was immediate charged and driven from the town, and took a position on the heights beyond.

As it was perfectfully and the country unknown to me, and as I found it impossible to procure a guide, I reformed my command and awaited until dawn, when I again attacked and drove the enemy from their position, pursuit them closely for twelve miles, driving them from every position they attempted to hold, and charging them every time they attempted to make a stand. Thirteen miles west of Wytheville they began to use their artillery, which was immediately charged and captured, the enemy losing eight pieces between that point and Wytheville. When within one mile of Wytheville, and after pursuing the enemy thirty-one miles, I halted for a short time to allow my command to close up, it having been reported to me from several sources that a force of some 700 or 800 infantry had arrived at Wytheville from Lynchburg. Soon after my command had referred, Colonel Brown's brigade, of General Burbridge's command, which had been sent by Major-General Stoneman to support me, arrival,a nd I moved my entire force into Wytheville without seeing an enemy or firing a shot. I then ordered Colonel Brown to immediately send the Eleventh Kentucky, under Colonel Royle to destroy the railroad for at least ten miles in the direction of Lynchburg, and I immediately set about destroying the immense quantities of rebel property found in depot at Wytheville, among which were large quantities of ammunition, both for artillery and small-arms, several large buildings filled with subsistence and medical stores, and General Breckinridge's headquarters. Among the buildings destroyed was one-church, used as a magazine and ordnance store-house, it being considered that its sacred character did not protect it warlike contents. At 12 p. m., the work of destruction having been completed, I withdraw my forces three miles side of Wytheville and encamped.

