
The result of this day's fighting was the capture by my command of 8 pieces of artillery and caissons complete, 93 wagons, and 308 prisoners.

At 7 a. m. of the 17th I started on my return toward Abingdon. After marching about four miles I was met by a courier from Major-General Stoneman with a dispatch to the effect that General Burbridge, who was moving back in the same direction as myself, had met the enemy in considerable force, supposed to be under General Duke, and requesting me to his assistance 1,000 men. I went forward with me entire command, leaving Colonel Brown's brigade, of General burbridge's command, to bring up the rear. About 1 p. m. I reached to Major-General Stoneman, near mount Airy. Soon after General Burbridge's entire command advanced against the enemy, who feel back in the direction of marion. To my command was then assigned the position of rear guard. When about six miles from Marion I was met by a courier from Major-General Stoneman, requesting me to come forward at a trot, as General Burbridge had met and been checked by a considerable force of the enemy. i moved as requested. Before reaching Major-General Stoneman I was met by one of his staff, urging me to come forward as rapidly as possible. I did so, and about dark reported to Major-General Stoneman near the bridge two miles east of Marion. our forces in my front were in great confusion, and at the request of Major-General Stoneman I brought forward a regiment of Tennessee cavalry to support General Burbridge's artillery, while his troops were being reformed.

The Eight Cavalry was assigned this duty. The remainder of my command formed in column of battalions and either orders a short distance in the rear. On the morning of the 18th, in compliance with instructions from Major-General Stoneman, I started with my command, except the section of artillery retained from the captures of the previous day, by a mountain road to attack the salt-works, then eighteen miles distant. At 12 o'clock, when within eight miles of the salt-works, I was overtaken by Captain Roberts, commanding General Stoneman's escort, requesting mt to report directly back and informing me that General Stoneman was convinces that Breckinridge's entire force in his front. I was anxious to attack the enemy in rear. The road upon which I was marching passed within three-quartermaster of a mile of Marion, at which point I would have been immediately in Breckinridge's rear and not more than one mile from his position. I asked Captain Roberts if General Stoneman had left me any discretion regard to my movements; to which he repled that General Stoneman desired me to come "directly" back-which I did, arriving at General Stoneman's headquarters twenty minutes before sundown. I found our forces occupying the some position which I had left them in early in the morning. I was then informed by Major-General Stoneman that he had intended that I should have attacked Breckinridge in rear. It wa too late for us to renew the engagement that day, and my force bivouacked in rear of General Burbridges's right flank. Nothing of moment transpired during the night. At 10 a. m. my command marched toward Saltville, General Burbridge's division in the advance. At the Seven-Mile Ford I passed General Burbridge's command, which had halted to feed and rest, and that night bivouacked eight miles east of Glade Springs. During the night General Burbridge's command passed mine and took the advance.

By direction of General Stoneman I left the road to General Burbridge, and passing through the fields forward to Seabright's at that point the road forked-one leading directly to the salt -works,

