
distant eight miles, the other to Abington, and by war of Glade Springs to the salt-works, distance thirteen miles. General Burbridge's division marched by the former; by direction of General Stoneman, I took the latter, and at 2 p. m. drove inthe enemy's pickets in front of the salt-works, the entrance to which (by the road to which I was marching) was defended by a redoubt and rifle-pits on a high rugged hill to the right of the road and immediately overlooking the salt-works. The Ninety Tennessee Cavalry was dismounted and order to occupy the hill on the left the road. The artillery, supported by the Eight Tennessee Cavalry, was moved to an eminence on the right of the road and opened fire on the enemy's redoubt, which was replied to by the enemy's artillery. Soon afterward one of the battalions of the Eight Tennessee Cavalry was dismounted and order forward to drive the enemy from a wooded ravine, from which they were attempting to annoy our artillery; this being done, they were ordered forward, supported by a battalion of the Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry, under Major Wagner, with orders to take possession of a hill somewhat higher and immediately to the right of the enemy's redoubt. Having received a message from Major-General Burbridge to the effect that he would assault the redoubt in his front within half an hour, Lieutenant-Colonel Stacy, with two battalions of the Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry, was ordered to proceed by the main road, which led around the base of the hill on which the enemy's redoubt was situated, to Saltville and attack the enemy in rear whilst Wagner should attack in the front at the same time. Major Hornsby, commanding Ninth Tennessee, was ordered to advance and join Wagner inthe attack. Before these arrangements could be made the sun had set, and on account of the for and rain darkness soon followed. Colonel Stacy's battalion, being mounted, moved with more celerity than it was possible for the dismounted men to do, and entering Saltville under cover of the darkness was mistaken by the enemy for their own cavalry. The ascent of the hill on which the enemy;'s front situated being impracticable for mounted men, Colonel Stacy dismounted and led his horses to within about 100 yards of the enemy's works; then mounting, notwithstanding the enemy's fire of artillery and musketry, with a gallantry unsurpassed in this war, charged over the enemy's redoubt, capturing all who did not escape in the darkness. The dismounted battalions of the Eight and Thirteenth did not reach the fort in time to join in the assault. At 9 p. m. I received a message from Colonel Stacy informing that he had carried the redoubt, with one piece of artillery (another piece was afterward found in rear of the work). I immediately ordered him to the salt-works, and with a select body of troops to assault the fort in General Burnbridge's front, and which his troops to assault the fort in General Burbridge's front, and which his troops had failed to take. General Stoneman, who standing by, added: " And say to Colonel Stacy that if he gets possession of that fort to-night, the Tennessee troops shall have the honor of taking the salt-works. "I was extremely anxious to take advantage of the panic which I knew would be created by the firing of Saltville and the salt-works, as I was informed that General Burbridge has sent a message to General Stoneman, stating that if we did not obtain possession of the salt-works by 12 o'clock on the succeeding day, that he would advise that we should retire. General Stoneman and myself then moved forward to the work which had just been carried, at which place we received a message from Colonel Stacy, about 12 p. m., informing us that he was in possession of the front in General Burbridge's front, which 3 pieces of artillery, the enemy having evacuated the place upon discovering that the salt-works,

