
the loss of everything but life, and I unhesitatingly gave the order to desolate the route of the invader. During the expedition many of our horses gave out and were abandoned, with the exception of about forty; these were replaced by others taken from the country, and which were branded "U. S." on my return to this place. All the horses are much reduced and require rest.

The conduct of the command, officers and men, has been above praise. For eleven days our horses were not unsaddled; we marched day and night, halting only when it was absolutely necessary to rest and feed; more than 300 of the command were frost-bitten; yet during the entire march not a murmur or complaint was heard from these brave men.

I must beg leave to call your especial attention to the dashing gallantry of Lieutenant-Colonel Stacy and Captain Dyer, of the Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry, Lieutenants Northern, Sam. Bell, and Layman (who lost an arm), Ninth Tennessee Cavalry, and Sergt. John H. Brown, Eight Tennessee Cavalry, who bore his regimental colors far in advance of his command and planted them on a piece of the enemy's artillery in the action of the 16th. The charge of Lieutenant-Colonel Stacy on the enemy's works at Saltville was extolled by Major-General Stoneman as "one of the most brilliant of the war." Lieutenants Nelson and Matthews, of my staff, and Sergt. W. Thomas Pritchete, my orderly, acted throughout the campaign with coolness and daring. Lieutenant Regan took charge of the two pieces of artillery recaptured from the enemy and brought them off; the other piece (fifteen) were destroyed by breaking off their trunnions and burning the carriages.

I inclose herewith a list of the casualties during the expedition showing a loss of 4 killed and 20 wounded.

I would especially call Your Excellency's attention to the uniform good conduct of Captain Sterling Hambright, and especially to his distinguished gallantry in the charge near Mount Airy, Va. I earnestly recommend his promotion to a majority.

I am, Governor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALAVAN C. GILLEM,

Brigadier General, U. S. Vols., Commanding Brigade Governor's Guards.

Brigadier General ANDREW JOHNSON,

Military Governor of Tennessee.

Numbers 4. Report of Major General John C. Breckinridge, C. S. Army, commanding Department of Western Virginia and East Tennessee.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST. VIRGINIA AND EAST TENNESSEE,Wytheville, Va., January 3, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit an outline of the late operations in this department, which would have been sent sooner but for severe indisposition since my return to headquarters. Reports from subordinate officers have not yet been received.

Before the advance of the enemy the troops were distributed as follows: Detachment of reserves arresting deserters and repressing g disorders in various counties, and one small battalion of them (Smith's) at Saltville; Witcher in and near Mercer Country observing the country

