
toward Kanawha and Beverly; Cosby at this point, just arrived from the Valley and shoeing his horses; Gilltner in Russell Country; Duke near Rogersville, and Vaughn near Greeneville, Tenn., observing the enemy at Bean's Station and Strawberry Plains. These two officers had communication by a line of couriers, with directions on case of an advance of the enemy in force to unite on the east side of the Watauga. although it was known that General Burbridge had not returned to Kentucky, the intelligence from the front looked to a retrograde movement, and I had no uneasiness until I received the news contained in my telegram to the commanding general of the 12th ultimo. In view of a possible combined movement by Burbridge and Gillem, General Echols was directed to assemble the reserves and detailed men, Witcher was order toward Saltville, and Cosby and Gilner, toward, Abingdon.

On the 13th I received intelligence from Caughn that Duke's pickets had been driven in near Rogersville, and later in the day from Duke (who was temporarily at Bristol) that his brigade, under Colonel Morgan, had been very roughly handled near Kingsport. I at once telegraphed Voughn if he could not reach Bristol in advance of the enemy, to fall on his rear, but he informs me that this order was not received. With Preston's battalion of reserves and a battery of artillery I reached Saltville at daylight on Thursday, the 15th. Cosby, Duke, and Giltner had arrived, and Witcher arrived the next day. The enemy forced Duke out of Bristol early ont he morning of the 14th, and reached Abingdon the same night. The enemy made decided demonstrations against the salt-works, but did not attack them. As soon as it became evident that his main force was advancing up the valley, leaving the reserves, some dismounted men, Barr's artillery company, a few men of Kain's artillery, and some pieces in position, all under command of Colonel Robert Preston, and numbering together some 400 men, I followed with the mounted men and Burroughs' battery, passing to the main road thought Lyon's Gap. Witcher, who was in advance, overtook his rear on Saturday between Marion and Mount Airy, and a sharp skirmished, when the enemy turned in much superior force and drove his battalion in some confusion on the main body. An engagement followed one mile east of Marion and continued during the evening, the enemy using four pieces (our own number) of artillery.

On Sunday morning the action recommenced and continued throughout the day. Toward the afternoon the enemy made several determined assaults upon out right, which was held by General Duke. I re-enforced him which Witcher, and these officers repulsed the attacks, which considerable loss to the enemy. After night-fall I learned that a body of the enemy, from 900 to 1,200 strong (it proved to be some 6009), had six miles in my rear, at Seven-Mile Ford. A force had also moved toward my left, At 11 p. m. I withdrew the troops, taking a road leading southwardly from Marion over a mountain range into Rye Valley. It was difficult for horsemen and deemed impracticable for artillery, but by the energy of Major Page and Captain Burroughs, the guns were got to top of the mountain before daylight. Moving as rapidly as the condition of the roads and horses allowed, we reached after night the vicinity of the turnpike near Mount Airy.

The next morning (Tuesday, 20th), having obtained ammunition. General Duke, with an advance composed of men and horses least exhausted, was pushed down the road, the main body following. I have heretofore reported that the enemy gained possession of Saltville

