
on Sunday afternoon. No other troops threatened the mines from any quarter. None of the artillery lost by Colonel Gillespie was taken from the department, but two of the guns were too much injured for further use. The measures taken by General Vaughn for the safety of the supply trains were judicious and successful.

I take pleasure in expressing obligations General Echols, Colonel Crittenden, and the members of my staff who were with me for their zealous and efficient aid. Major J. S. Johnston, assistant adjutant-general, who was at Wytheville, did well all that circumstances permitted, and with the aid of other officers saved nearly all the public property. At the time movement was conducted with judgment and skill. I deeply grieve that it was not in our power to punished the enemy more severally, yet where my personal observation enables me to testify, too great praise cannot be bestowed upon the officers and men for their steady courage, and especially for their cheerful endurance, in the most inclement weather, of the greatest fatigues and exposure I have seen borne during the war.

I am, colonel. very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Asst. Adjt. General, Army of Northern Virginia.

P. S.-I have just seen General Burbridge's report (inclosed*) ot December 28, from Catlettsburg, Ky., and although it is scarcely necessary to notice it, I will add, that his statement of the stores, cars, and engines taken is greatly exaggerated; that I have no reported yet from Vaughn and Duke of the prisoners from their command, but I know that most of the prisoners taken by the enemy were citizens, afterward turned loose, and for the rest, not more than twenty prisoners were taken, most of them at the capture of Satlville; that the home guard at Wytheville charged by Colonel Brown's brigade consisted of my assistant adjutant-general, three other officers, a clerk in the assistant adjutant-general's office, and one drunken soldier, and the artillery captured (and left), of several old pieces which had been tested and condemned some weeks before; that the force was not by me while returning, but was overtaken while marching up the valley; and, finally, that the whole force of the enemy was present in the engagements near Marion, under the command of General Stoneman.

Respectfully,

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.

Numbers 5. Report of Major J. Stoddard Johnston, Assistant Adjutant-General, C. S. Army.

DUBLIN, VA., December 17, 1864-4 p. m.

GENERAL: The enemy entered Wytheville yesterday evening at 4 p. m., pursuing a portion of Vaughn's command under Colonel Gillespie, which was stampeded near Marion. Vaughn with rest of com-

---------------

* See p. 815.

---------------

