
mand went toward lead mines in pursuit of 175 Yankees from Marion; have beard nothing from him. I had no troops at Wytheville, the railroad superintendent hanging failed to send them from Dublin, notwithstanding I was telegraphing every hour; their presence would have saved the town, as I think the force was small. All my efforts to rally Gillespie failed; they kept on to New River without halting at Wytheville. I was the last to leave the town, and deterred the enemy from entering for two after every one also had left, by showing myself with six or eight others as a picket-post. They finally sent in a flag of truce. I received it thought Captain Semple. An unconditional surrender was demanded. I agreed to give up the town, but required half an hour to withdraw my troops. They declined, and the flags parted, when I left with my four men. I had gained by this an hour and a half. I got off part of the stores-fourteen car-loads. The railroad company would not send trains; their conduct was infamous, and they are responsible for this loss. I secured all of our official and personal effects, which are now east of New River; also, all transportation, &amp;c. I came out of fifteen miles from Wytheville; picketed road, and staid all night. When I left this morning there was no reported of advance. I am picketing well toward Wytheville. Find everything and everybody gone from here (and a general panic prevailing) to Salem; am quieting it. Have an operator and have opened communication; have telegraphed General Lee, giving situation. There are 300 troops at New River brigade; re-enforcements to arrive from Lynchburg, with battery. I will continue to direct until some superior officer aries. I send this to you to let you know what is the state of affairs here. I have no cavalry; am using all men on horseback I can find.

Respectfully,

J. STODDARD JOHNSTON.

[General BRECKINRIDGE.]

Numbers 6. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Vincent A. Witcher, Thirty-fourth Virginia Battalion, commanding brigade.

NAROWS, December 14, 1864.

My command has just arrived at this place. I will march all night.

V. A. WITCHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY COMMAND,

Gillespie's Gap, December 15, 1864-12 o'clock. CAPTAIN: Your of to-day is just received. I left camp within five minutes after receiving General Breckinridge's order by telegraph; said order was received at 11 a. m. 14th instant. My command was them encamped at Centreville, Monroe Country, Va., by the Narrows. The cross-roads to Jeffersonsville you will at once see was the most practicable route; the distance is nearly ninety miles. In addition to

