
this, ammunition, rations, and horseshoes had to be issued along the route, so you see with these delays I have marched my command ninety miles in twenty-five hours; indeed, it has not stopped, save three times to feed, since it started. Under these circumstances my command is necessarily much exhausted. It has just reached this point and is now feeding. I will move after a few hours' rest, and reach Saltwille as soon as possible, but fear that I will not be able to arrive there before 10 a. m., b ut I will come up as soon as circumstances will admit.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

V. A. WITHER.

MARION, VA. [December 17, 1864]-Daybreak.

The enemy left here two hours ago. My advance was upon their heels, but I had to stop and feed await orders. If you had been here you could have made a good thing of it. The enemy's horses are worn out and men very tired. Men and officers say they are going to Lynchburg, and are evacuating East Tennessee. My impression if that they will go through the Narrows. Their advance occupied Wytheville last night, and represented that they had Vaughn stampeded and surrounded.

V. A. WITCHER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

P. S.- I will pursue the enemy as rapidly as possible, and will attack as soon as i come up.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE.

OLD MOUNT AIRY [December 17, 1864]-9.30 a. m.

I have overtaken the enemy here, and have formed a line of battle and am advancing a line of skirmishers. Enemy are encamped here (Gillem's brigade), numbering three regiment. I have them in line of battle and will detain them as long as possible.

V. A. WITCHER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE,

Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY COMMAND,December 17, 1864.

GENERAL: General Vaughn and the garrison at Wytheville held the enemy in check last night. General Burbridge was ordered up with the artillery at midnight. The force in my front is about two regiments. If I had any support, I could drive them. I have, until I reached here, cut up their rear considerably. I have left their dead all along the road between Marion and this point.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

V. A. WITCHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE.

