
January 9, 10, and 11. - The brigade was engaged in throwing up works; since that time the command has remained in camp at Eastport, Miss., having marched during the month a distance of thirty-three miles.

Third Division.

January 1, 1865. - Marched from near Lawrenceburg, Tenn., en route from Nashville.

January 2. - Arrived at Clifton, Tenn. Remained in camp until January 8, when the division embarked on transports and moved up the Tennessee River.

January 10. - Arrived at Eastport, Miss.

January 18. - The command moved out to three miles west from Burnsville, Miss.

January 19. - Marched to Corinth, driving our Ross' brigade of the enemy, who retreated with slight skirmishing. Returned to Eastport arriving there January 21.

First Brigade, Third Division.

January 2, 1865. - Arrived at Clifton, Tenn.; termination of march from Nashville.

January 8. - Embarked on transports at Clifton.

January 10. - Arrived at Eastport, Miss.

January 18. - Marched with division from Eastport via Iuka and Burnsville, camping three miles west of Burnsville.

January 19. - Marched to Corinth; entered village without resistance; returned and bivouacked near camp of night before.

January 20. - Marched to Iuka, Miss.

January 21. - Returned to camp at Eastport, Miss.

January 31. - Marched from Eastport, Miss., as guards to wagon train; marched out on Fulton road to Futly's Mills, and loaded train with lumber; returned by Iuka road as far as Iuka, where brigade camped for the night.

Second Brigade, Third Division.

[December.] - Brigade in camp at Nashville, Tenn., until the 15th, when it marched out with our army to attack the enemy. It took an active part in the two days' battle near Nashville, and on the 17th moved toward Franklin, Tenn., in pursuit of Hood's defeated forces.

December 22. - Arrived at Columbia, Tenn., near which place the brigade remained in camp until the 26th, when the march was resumed. Reached Pulaski on the 27th and Lawrenceburg on the 30th, and encamped at Clifton, on the Tennessee River.

January 2, 1865. - This brigade arrived at Clifton, Tenn., and remained there in camp until January 8, when it embarked on steamers and proceeded about seventy miles up the Tennessee River to Eastport, Miss.; arrived there January 10 and went into winter quarters.

January 18. - Brigade marched from Eastport on the expedition to Corinth, Miss.; passed through Iuka, Miss., and reached Corinth January 19; started back from Corinth the same day, and arrived at Eastport January 21, where the brigade has since remained in camp.

