
man is in command; Burbridge and Gillem with him. No correct estimate yet of the number, but evidently large force. Railroad can be repaired between here and Wytheville in one day with fifteen bridge hands. Urge Goodwin to have it done at once. If Langhorne persists in refuses, to General Lee. Troops must come, and come speedily. Vaughn ius at Hillsville with 500 men. Colonel Bradford, of his brigade, left here with 100 men this morning for some points on road between this and Hillsville. The predominant idea with Vaughn's men seems to be to get out of reach. We will use every exertion to have wagons at Max Meadows to bring up ammunition. Send the ammunition without fail. When line is working, some in the office.

Respectfully,

H. T. STANTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 8. Reports of Captain H. C. Graham, Judge-Advocate.

FIFTEEN MILES FROM WYTHEVILLE,

December 18, 1864.

MAJOR: I have information from a negro, sent by Mr. Richardson toward the lead mines to ascertain intelligence concerning the movements of the enemy, that he (the negro, a very reliable and truth-telling man) had gone within three miles ot the mines; that there he met a number of persons returning with their stock, &amp;c., who informed him that yesterday at dusk the enemy burned the mines, and immediately retreated up Cripple Creek toward marion, and encamped last night at Wallet Hollow. The inhabitants in the neighborhood of the mines also report that the enemy came to the lead mine ferry, sunk the boats, and swam their horses across; that the portion of Vaughn's command stationed at the mines retreated without firing a shot, an retreated to the top of the mountain in Carroll Country. They (the informants) stated that they left Vaughn's men in Carroll Country this morning. The information also state that the enemy would have destroyed all the private preverty about the mines, but Mr. Kohler raised the white flag. The force of the enemy is estimated to have been 1,200. I have men one person directed from Wytheville, who reports that it is understood in Whyteville] that General Breckinridge attacked the enemy at or near Saltville yesterday, but result is not known. Constant reports of artillery have been heard in that direction.

Very respectfully,

H. C. GRAHAM,

Captain, &c.

Major J. STODDARD JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

I will endeavor by pushing farther on to get still more certain intelligence, and forward it immediately.

