
FIFTEEN MILES FROM DUBLIN,

December 18, 1864.

MAJOR: I have certain intelligence that the lead mines are burned. Mr. Richardson has just returned from the mines and reports that the ruins were smoking when he left. The enemy appeared there yesterday at 2 o'clock, destroyed the works, and retreated at 4 o'clock in great haste up the Blue Spring road, the was by which they came. Vaughn's men fell back to Carroll Country. Mr. Richardson reports that he was informed at the mines that the enemy numbered about 200 ne, though the enemy told his informed that they had more. The superintendent at the mines state that he can repair the damage done in about two months.

H. C. GRAHAM,

Captain, &amp;c.

Major J. STODDARD JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FIFTEEN MILES FROM WYTHEVILLE,

December 18, 1864-10.20 p. m.

MAJOR: I send herewith a dispatch from Captain Gassaway, near Fort Chiswell. I met the captain to-day on the road, and he informed me that he would camp at Fort Chiswell to-night, and I told him to sen over to Max Meadows and see if your operator had arrived there, and tell Major Kent, when he saw him, that telegraphic communication would be open with you from Max Meadows. The inclosed is a dispatch sent to me giving information which Captain Gassaway deems important.

H. C. GRAHAM,

Captain, &c.

Major J. STODDARD JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

CAMP NEAR FORT CHISWELL,

December 18, 1864.

Captain GRAHAM:

CAPTAIN: I sent over to the depot to-night, and from what information I can gain think the enemy have all gone to Saltville. No operator at Max meadows at 8 o'clock to-night. The impression is at the depot that General Breckinridge is hard pressed for provisions; also, that Colonel Witcher fought them yesterday evening at Atkinson's Tank and drove them back. It was thought that they were fighting at Saltville 9 o'clock last night. The telegraph line is complete to Wytheville; they want an operator there. A good set of hands can put the road in order, so that the trains can run to Wytheville in a day. This information is from Conductor Oney. The forces of the enemy are supposed to be about 4,500 men.

In haste, yours, &c.,

S. GASSAWAY,

Captain, Commanding Company.

