
Numbers 9. Report of Lieutenant D. P. Parr, Jr.

WYTHEVILLE, December 18, 1864-5.45 p. m.

I am directed by Colonel Kent to report the following facts to you, viz:

A force of the enemy have burnt the lead-mine works and retreated toward Marion. The force that entered this place was followed by a scout nine miles in the same direction. Heavy cannonading has been heard early this morning, continuing for several hours; supposed to be somewhere between Marion and the salt-works. it is likely, from dispatches received, that the enemy are concentrating there and engaging General Breckinridge, who is marching in this direction. The railroad is in running up to Max Meadows, so that any re-enforcements sent may come that far on a train. A scout was sent this morning toward Marion, and ordered to report as soon as they came up which the enemy been captured by the party returning from the mines, which, from all information that can be obtained, struck the pike about Mount Airy. I am further directed to say by the colonel that he has been endeavoring to collect and organize all the straggles here, and that Colonel Bradford is here with about forty of his command, and anticipates the likelihood of collecting the remained to-morrow. I have no reliable information from General Vaughn, although he is reported to have gone toward Grayson Country.

Very respectfully,

D. P. PARR, JR.,

Acting Adjutant.

Major JOHNSTON.

Numbers 10. Reports of Samuel Lawrence, clerk at General Breckinridge's headquarters.

MARTIN'S TANK, December 18, 1864-9 a. m.

MAJOR: No enemy heard of in front. Major Bosang with Lester left here at 12 last night for Max Meadows, with the understanding that he would go on to Ford Chiswell, unless prevented by the presence of the enemy. In that case he would return or send me word by 10 a. m. to-day. As I have head nothing from him as yet I propose to move forwarded to Max Meadows, and perhaps farther. When I get to Max Meadows I will cross to the macadamized road. Any information I get will be forwarded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. LAWRENCE.

Major J. S. JOHNSTON, Dublin.

CROSS-ROADS NEAR McGAVOCK'S

December 18, 1864-2 p. m.

MAJOR: From best information the enemy have retired in the direction of Marion. The party that left Marion which General Vaught followed burnt Thomas' factory and came in by Mount Airy. A party from Wytheville burnt the furnace at the lead mines; damage done

53 R R-VOL XLV, PT I

