
safe I would suggest that you would send a courier there to order them to the Seven-Mile Ford and let the employ wagons be loaded with supplies at Grayson.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Commanding, &c.
HEADQUARTERS VAUGHN'S BRIGADE,Bristol, December 28, 1864.

GENERAL: On my arrived here I find thinks in better state than expected. All beef-cattle are safe and here now; will also get up about 650 out of the 700 hogs which were here. The telegraph get up about to this place; have also the operator from Jonesborough, Tenn., here, but no instrument; would like to have one forwarded at the earliest convince. There is one engine here belonging to the Tennessee railroad to have the road repaired as far as the brigade, one mile this side of Abingdon, and run the engine there with one flat car, which was left here undisturbed. The Tennessee railroad has been damaged but very little. The Federal attempted to chop down some uprights at the bridge at Zollicofer, but were prevented by the home guards. I will have the hands of the Tennessee railroad help to repair the Virginia railroad as far up as the Seven-Mile Ford, which I think can be repaired to both points in a few days.

Very respectfully,

J. C. VAUGHN.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE,

Commanding, &c.

Numbers 12. Reports of Brigadier General Basil W. Duke, C. S. Army.

BRISTOL, December 13, 1864.

The enemy has advanced in force and is on this side of Kingsport.

Colonel Morgan sustained a severe defeat, and has fallen back on the Reeky Creek road. I will join him at once, and try and hold at least as far as Blountsville.

B. W. DUKE,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE.

ABINGDON, December 14, 1864.

GENERAL: Your dispatch just received. Colonel Giltner left Abingdon this morning before I reached here. His brigade was encamped twenty-six miles from here. He ordered his command to Saltville. I will proceed in that direction. No enemy reported on the main Bristol

