
WYTHEVILLE, December 20, 1864-6 p. m.

CAPTAIN: General Vaughn dispatches that he is moving to this place; that his command is march fatigued and cut up and cannot make much time. H will probably encamp some seven of eight miles from here to-night, and be here to-morrow morning. I have started this evening, under Colonel J. F. Kent, a battalion of reserves and detailed men, with five days' rations and forty rounds of ammunition; number, 270. Another battalion of 400 men will be here to-night or early to-morrow morning, and I will hasten them on. I have ordered supplies to be forwarded to you as rapidly as possible and wagons ot be impressed for [that] purpose. There is no post quarter here. Major Johnston and other staff officers still at Dublin. I have telegraphed him that it might be well to return to this place, or suggesting it, and he telegraphs me that he will start up to-night. Thirty hounds of small arms ammunition have been sent up to you, and move will go up in the morning. No news here from anywhere; no mail comes here. The road from here to Max Maeadows can be repaired in three or four days. The damage to lead mines very slight. Superintendent, I learn, reports that the making of lead can be resumed in five or six days. The panic down the railroad seems to have been great. All the stores were removed from Dublin. Say to the general that I understand Mrs. B[reckinridge] is said that Sherman has reached Savannah and is in vesting it. He is in communication with his shipping, Fort Pulaski having fallen.

I am, captain, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JNO. ECHOLS,

Brigadier-General.

Captain J. L. STANDFORD, Assistant Adjutant-General.

MR. SHEFFEY'S HOUSE,

Marion, December 22, 1864-5.30 p. m.

CAPTAIN: I have just reached here, but am not able to go on in consequence of the exceedingly cold evening. I will be on to-morrow morning. I have about Mount Airy, under command of Colonel J. F. Kent, about 420 reserves and detailed men, who will, unless otherwise ordered, march on this place-morrow. They were only able to move a very few miles to-day, on account of the extreme severity of the weather. General Vaughn's command commenced their march this morning from Wytheville, but were obliged to halt at Reedy Creek, three miles this side, on account of the suffering of the men from cold. General Vaughn rode with me some miles, but stopped on account of the weather and may not reach here to-night, although he proposed to do so. He told me that he dad about 700 men. The other reserve and detailed troops, except those under the command of Colonel Kent, were convalescent men from the hospitals at Lynchburg, and were not fit for marching of for any other active service, and were left at Wytheville and will be returned to Lynchburg. I do not know where Colonel Preston is. The last I heard of him was on yesterday about ten miles from Saltville, on the Rich Valley road.

Majors Johnston, McMahon, and Captain Shelby returned to Wytheville yesterday evening. The railroad is very little damaged between Wytheville and Max Meadows, and it is promised that it shall be repaired by to-morrow evening. The telegraph is completed to Mount Airy and will be in a day or two to this point, and Major Johnston will

