
Reserve Artillery.

[December.] - During the advance of General Hood's army and during the battles in front of Nashville, Tenn., the guns of the batteries of the Reserve Artillery were in position in forts and batteries extending from Fort Morton, on the south, to Fort Gillem, on the northwest, of the city.

CAVALRY CORPS.

[November.] - The month was principally occupied in the reorganization, remounting, and re-equipping of the command. The Third Division was placed in condition to accompany General Sherman on his campaign through Georgia, by drawing upon the First and Second Divisions. The latter were ordered to Louisville for remount, &amp;c. The Fourth Division was ordered to Louisville and Saint Louis to be remounted, &c., but on account of its scattered condition the order was not carried out. Headquarters of the corps October 25, at Gaylesville, Ala.; November 1, at Rome, Ga.; November 6, at Nashville, Tenn., where it remained during the month.

Until December 15, headquarters at Nashville, Tenn.

December 6. - Eighth Michigan and Fourteenth and Sixteenth Illinois ordered to turn over their infantry arms.

December 12. - Cavalry depot moved from Camp Webster, Nashville, Tenn., to Edgefield, Tenn., per Special Orders, Nol.35, Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi.

December 15. - Moved with the army operating against Hood.

First Division.

[November.] - The First Brigade detached the entire month.

November 1. - The brigade [First] left camp at Blue Water and marched toward Florence, Ala.; found enemy in force.

November 5. - Enemy attacked crossing of Shoal Creek in force, compelling brigade to retire.

November 9. - Made reconnaissance toward Shoal Creek and found it impassable.

November 15, 20, and 21. - Marched to Taylor's Springs, Lexington, and Lawrenceburg, Ala.

November 22 to 24. - Skirmishing with Forrest's cavalry and falling back.

November 28. - Marched on Franklin pike, skirmishing with the enemy.

November 29. - Fell back and crossed Harpeth River.

November 30. - Recrossed and fought enemy all day.

The Second and Third Brigades turned over the serviceable horses of the division to the Third Division November 1, and proceeded to Louisville, Ky., where they arrived November 9; encamped on Bardstown pike remainder of the month.

December 4. - Second Brigade moved from Louisville, Ky., to Bowling Greek, Ky.

December 11. - Received orders to concentrate at Bowling Green, and accordingly the Third Brigade and Eighteenth Indiana Battery were moved from Nashville, Tenn.

December 12. - Received orders to prepare to move on Russellville, Ky. The Third Brigade and Eighteenth Indiana Battery stopped at Franklin and moved Second Brigade there.

