
make arrangements to send an operator up. Nine boxes of ammunition (57 and 58) left here at 3 o'clock this afternoon for the command. The brigade which was to have come up will not come, as it is understood that Sheridan is about making an extensive movement. I send down the two latest newspapers for the general.

Major-General Cleburne, Brigadier General John Adams, Govan, Gist Granbury, Strahll, and another were killed at Franklin, and seven general officer wounded. The damage done at Wytheville was very inconsiderable.

If Colonel Kent's troops are not to be moved on any farther I would be glad to be notified to-night, so that they may be saved the march, which is now very severe. Arrangements are being made to send on supplies as rapidly as possible. Lieutenant Clay is with, me also Mackay, and the general's servant and horse. If the general moves from his present position during the night I hope that you will send me information and any orders which he may have for the troops coming up.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

JNO. ECHOLS,

Brigadier-General.

Captain J. L. SANFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 14. Report os Colonel Henry L. Giltner, Fourth Kentucky Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS BRIGADE,Near Glade Springs, Va., December 26, 1864.

GENERAL: I have been waiting here for the purpose of gathering my men together and collecting necessary supplies of ordnance and commissary stores. Most of my men have returned except those with General Duke, which detachments I will have to remain in Russell or Scott until the brigade moves down, thereby saving a long, unnecessary ride over bad roads. I have obtained about 100 rounds of ammunition, which will be sufficient for any emergency and as much as I have transportation for. I only lack horseshoes, which I hope to obtain, in part at least, from Captain Semple. My wagons left Saltville in time to avoid capture by the enemy, and went to Tazewell Country, where I sent for them some three days ago and look them in camp this evening. This will complete arrangements to move, in obedience to your verbal instructions, to Scott and Lee Counties, via Little Moccasin Gap, &amp;c. This rest has been most beneficial to both my men and horses, which were almost completely exhausted. We have nearly fed out all the surplus forage in this section of country, and shall move my camp to the vicinity of Emory and Henry College, where I shall await your written instructions, as directed. Of the sixty men with disabled horses left from my brigade at Saltville and ordered to report to Colonel Preston, only some twenty have returned to camp, and most of these returned without horses and equipments. They were all placed on picket, and being attacked or pursued by the enemy, had to abandon their lame horses, saddles, &c., and escape through the mountains. I hope they will all return as the various detachments come in. I have had a number of the horses abandoned by the enemy gathered up and turned over to the dismounted men, and to the regiments for those dismounted men absent at Wytheville and elsewhere. Some of them, by attention and care, will make serviceable animals, I have some saddles, guns, &c.,

