
collected through the country and distributed to those in need of them. I have heard nothing yet from the various detachments sent with General Duke and Captain Jenkins.

That column of the enemy which went through Hyter's Gap no doubt encamped at Mr. Carter's, where my family is now boarding. I am very fearful as to their depredations, and by your permission would like to go ahead of the command and see to the comfort of my family. I am very uneasy until I know their situation. Colonel Pridemore will be left temporarily in command, and assisted by Captain Guerrant I hope will be able to manage everything satisfactory. If the command moves to Lee via Rich Valley and Little Moccasin Gap (the most practicable route), as I anticipate, I shall be directly on the road and not absent from it longer than a few days. I hope it will meet your approbation. Captain Scott just returned from Saltville. Says not two thirds of sheds and not one-third of the kettles were destroyed. Some of the sheds and furnaces left untouched . Loss not near so serious as at first apprehended.

Hoping to received written instructions very soon, I remain, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. GILTNER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE, Wytheville.

Numbers 15. Reports of Brigadier General george B. Cosby, C. S. Army.

MARION, December 14, 1864.

I am now passing Marion. Shall encamp at the Seven-Mile Ford tonight, unless otherwise ordered, making a march of twenty-eight miles.

G. B. COSBY,

Brigadier-General.

Major J. S. JOHNSTON, Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEVEN-MILE FORD, December 14, 1864, 1864-3.30 p. m.

(Via Glade Springs.)

Unable to learn anything of the enemy later than your dispatch. i will move directly from here to salt-works to-night, where I will await your orders or developments of enemy. This road is but a few miles farther to Abingdon than by Glade Springs. My couriers are at Glade Springs.

G. B. COSBY,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE, Wytheville or Marion.

Numbers 16. Report of Colonel John. B. Palmer, Fifty-eight North Carolina Infantry commanding Mountain District.
HEADQUARTERS MOUNTAIN DISTRICT, NORTH CAROLINA,Ashville, January 12, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to state for the information of Major-General Breckinridge that, in accordance with instructions received from General Lee, I moved to East Tennessee on the 29th ultimo, for

