
DECEMBER 14, 1864.-Skirmish on the Germantown road, near Memphis, Tenn.

Report of Colonel Edward F. Winlow, Fourth Iowa Cavalry, commanding Second Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE,December 14, 1864.

Captain Huff, Fourth Iowa Cavalry, and fifty men were suddenly charged on the Germantown road, this day about 12 m., by a party, and dispersed, five miles out. Loss yet unknown, though I judge several were killed, wounded, and perhaps quite a number captured.

Yours, truly,

WINSLOW,

Colon el, Commanding.

Captain Woodward, Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECEMBER 21-22, 1864.-Skirmish at Franklin Creek, Miss.

Report of Colonel Henry. Bertram, Twentieth Wisconsin Infantry, commanding District of South Alabama.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH ALABAMA,Franklin Creek, Miss., December 22, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that last night I sent Colonel Bassford, with a detachment of cavalry, around the head of Franklin Creek, with orders to strike the Mobile road in rear of the enemy' camp. He was met by a superior force and compelled to fall back. I moved out this morning to so operate with him attacked the enemy and drove hind in confusion, killing and wounding about 20, and capturing 2 lieutenants and 7 men, representing five different regiments. My loss is 8 wounded and 5 missing. I estimate the force in my front at about 3,000 cavalry.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY BERTRAM,

Colonel Twentieth Wisconsin Volunteers, Commanding.

P. S.-I can hold this place against a vastly superior force. The lumbering business is going on finally. Send me rations and forage, and I defy and force they can bring against me.

H. BERTRAM,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major JAMES E. MONTGOMERY,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,East Pascagoula, December 23, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, for information of the commanding general.

If I send a regiment of infantry to West Pascagoula it will leave my force weaker than the enemy's in my front. There is no good position in my rear without abandoning Goode's Mill. I have just ordered over five companies of the Sixty Michigan, leaving four at Fort Morgan, and one at Gaines. Which these and the gun-boats i will try to cover the embarkation of the cavalry.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

