
Lieutenant-General Taylor and orders, indicating that re-enforcements would be sent from Mobile and other points, and learning from deserters who came in on the night of the 27th that the re-enforcements would not be likely to arrive before 11 a. m. the next day, I accordingly, on the morning of the 28th, attacked the enemy-variously estimated at from 1,200 to 2,000 strong, consisting of cavalry, infantry, and one battery of four guns on platform cars-at Egypt. While the fight was in progress two train s with re-enforcements, said to be under command of General Gardner, came in slight, but I threw a force between them and Egypt, which succeeded in capturing a train of cars, tearing up the track two miles and a half south of that point, and engaged the trains with re-enforcemenets, preventing them from joining the garrison at Egypt. After an engagement of two hours we killed, captured, and dispersed the enemy. Among the rebel killed were Brigadier-General Gholson and several other officers. Having secured about 500 prisoners, cared for the dead and wounded, and destroyed all Government property, I moved due west to Houston, crossing the Sookatanuchie and Houlka Rivers, to both of which streams i sent detachments in advance to secure the brigades. Here the Second Wisconsin, Major Woods commanding, was detailed to take charge of the prisoners, and the officers and men of this regiment deserve much praise for the cheerfulness with which they performed this arduous duty during the balance of march. From Houston demonstrations were made to the balance of march. From houston demonstration were made to the north toward Pontotoc, and southeast toward West Point, while the column moved southwest, via Bellefontaine, to the Mississippi Central Railroad, striking it at Winona. From Bellefontaine a demonstration was made southeast toward Starkville, threatening again the Mobile and Ohio Railroad. At the same time a detachments of 120 men of the Fourth Iowa, under Captain Beckwith, was sent south, via Greensborough, to Bankston, to destroy large cloth and shoe factories at that point, which employed 500 hands for the manufacture of those articles of prime necessity to the army.

From Winona, Colonel Noble, which a detachment of 300 men of Colonel Winslow's brigade, was sent north to destroy the railroad and all Government property between that point and Grenada. Colonel Osband's brigade was sent south along the line of the railroad to destroyed it as far as practicable. With the main column I moved southwest, via Lexington and Bounden, to Vicksburg. At Bounden, Colonels Osband nd Noble rejoined us, having been highly successful. Colonel Osband met and engaged a detachment of With Adams' command, about 500 strong, under Colonel Wood, in which the enemy were defeated, with a reported loss of 50 killed and wounded.

I reached Vicksburg with my entire command in good condition with about 600 prisoners, 800 head of captured stock, and 1,000 negroes, who joined the column during the march. For particulars I refer you to the reports of the brigade commanders herewith inclosed.

The average distance marched was 450 miles. The entire loss in the command during the expedition was 4 officers and 23 enlisted men killed, 4 officers and 89 enlisted men wounded, and 7 enlisted men missing. The destruction of property may be summed up as follows:

20,000 feet of bridges and trestle-works (cut down and burned); 10 miles of track (rails bent and ties burned); 20 miles of telegraph (poles cut down sand wire destroyed); 4 serviceable locomotives and tenders and 10 in process of repair; 95 railroad cards; over 300 army wagons and 2 caissons; 30 warehouses filled with quartermaster, commissary, and ordnance stores; large cloth and shoe factories (employing 500 hands);

