
several tanneries and machine shop; a steam pile-driver; 12 new forges; 7 depot buildings; 5,000 stand of new arms; 700 bead of fat hogs; 500 bales of cotton (marked " C. S. A. "); immense amount of grain, leather, wool, and other Government property, the value and quantity of which cannot be estimated.

Over 100 of the prisoners captured at Egypt formerly belonged to our army and were recruited from Southern prisons into the rebel service, and most of whom I believed were induced to join their ranks from a desire to escape a loathsome confinement. I commended them to the leniency of the Government.

I take pleasure in bearing testimony to the uniform good conduct of the officers and men of my command, and desire to express my thanks to Colonels Kerge, Winslow, and Osband for their cheerful support. I also take occasion to make honorable mention of Major M. H. Williams and Captain S. L. Woodward, of my staff, for their untiring energy and gallantry in the discharged of their duties.

This, one of the most successful expeditions of the was, undertaken, as it was, at a period when roads and streams were considered almost impassable, could not have met with such extraordinary success without the patient endurance and hearty co-operation which were evinced by my entire command, and all those who participated richly deserve the lasting gratitude of the Government and remembrance of their countrymen.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Mississippi.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Joseph Kerge, Second New Jersey Cavalry, commanding First Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION,Camp Karge, January 12, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to forward their official report of the proceedings of my brigade during the expedition into Mississippi under Brigadier General B. H. Grierson.

I started at 7 o'clock ion the morning of the 21st of December, in the following order: Seventh Indiana Cavalry, 7 officers, 160 men; First Mississippi Rifles, 4 officers, 84 men; Fourth Missouri Cavalry, 1 officer, 103 men; pack train, 65 men and 90 animals; Second New Jersey Cavalry; 18 officers, 724 men; effective officers and men, 1,101. I marched on the State Line road to Collierville, where I overtook the other brigade and camped three miles east of Collierville, having marched twenty-seventh miles. on the 22nd of December I marched at 6.30 a. m., and at 2 o'clock turned off ont he Early Grove road. Here I dispatched Captain Hencke with the Fourth Missouri Cavalry to watch the crossing of the Wolf River at Moscow and to remain there until sunset. The First Mississippi Mounted Rifles captured 3 prisoners during this day's march. Camped seven miles southwest of La Grange, Tenn. Distance marched, nineteen miles. Moved at 7 o'clock on the morning of the 23rd of December, passed through Lamar and Salem, and camped eight miles southeast of the latter place, having marched thirty miles. Resumed the march on the 24th of December at 6 o'clock, on the Ripley

