
road. On arriving at Riply I detached, by order of the general commanding, one battalion of the Second New Jersey Cavalry, under Major Van Rensselaer, to go to Brownsville [booneville], on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, for the purpose of cutting the railroad at that point, I crossed the Tallahatchie at Kelley's Mills, and camped on the east side, having marched twenty-seven miles.

On the 25th by brigade marched, in the advance, at 6 o'clock. Upon arrived at Old Town Creek, the general ordered me to cross the creek, to proceed to Harrisburg, and, if I through it advisable, to proceed to Verona, where a rebel camp was reported, but to act upon my own judgment in so doing. I crossed the creek at dark, and halted a short time at Harrisburg to allow my column to close up. I them moved toward Verona, the Seventh Indiana Cavalry in advance. upon arriving with two miles of Verona I struck the enemy's pickets. My advance guard drove them and charged into the town, but owing to the darkness of the night the enemy, numbering from 200 to 300 men, made his escape. I halted my main column a short distance from the town and ordered details for the purpose of destroying all property that was accumulated there, of which the following is an estimate, as near as I judge: 450 English carbines; 500 Austin rifles; 200 boxes ammunition for carbines and rifles; a large amount of fixed ammunition for artillery and shells, the explosion of which commanded at 10. p. m. and did not cease until 5 o'clock the next morning; 200 army wagons, marked " U. S; " a train of 200 cars; and a large quantity of saddles, quartermaster's and commissary stores, which were stored in eight large buildings. The telegraph was cut and the railroad torn up. After destroyed this property I returned to Harrisburg. which place I reached at 6.30 o'clock on the morning of the 26th of december. Distance marched, fifty miles. After resting here a few hours I resumed the march at 11 o'clock, reached and crossed the Tombigbee and camped at 9 o'clock on the Okolona road. Here the detachment of the Second New Jersey Cavalry, under Marion Van Rensselaer, rejoined the command, having succeeded in destroying the railroad and telegraph at Booneville, tearing up a mile of railroad track, burning two large houses filled with quartermaster's and commissary stores, and a caboose on the railroad containing arms, ammunition, and railroad implements; they destroyed the brigade across Twenty-mile Swamp, which was 150 feet long, also, 8 or 10 culverts.

Moved at 8 o'clock a. m. on the 27th on the I Okolona road; halted at Okolona, and resumed the march at 3 o'clock; camped on the West Point road at 5 o'clock, four miles fourth of Okolona. District marched, twenty miles. During the night men of the enemy came into my pickets and gave themselves up as deserters. On the 28th of December marched at 7 o'clock, in the advance, on the West Point road. When within two miles of Egypt I met the enemy's cavalry; drove them, and soon came upon their skirmish line. Within half a mile of Egypt Station I found the enemy in a strong position. I ordered a charge through their skirmish line, which was executed. The impetuosity of the charge of the Second New Jersey Cavalry was so great that their skirmish line was at once driven in. Captain Gallagher, Company H, Second New Jersey Cavalry, commanding the First Battalion, broke the center, and in endeavoring to pass their stockade was shot down at the head of his column. I formed in of battle in the following order: Second New Jersey Cavalry Lieutenant-Colonel Hencke, and Seventh Indiana Cavalry, Captain Elliott, on the right. The enemy made a very strong

