
resistance, but I drove him back. I ordered Captain Elliott to take the Seventh Indiana Cavalry and Fourth Missouri Cavalry to capture a train, which was about to move of, and which annoyed my line by opening with shell and solid shot from a battery of four guns. When this order was about executed Brigadier General B. h. Grierson rode up and placed himself and the head of this detachment. I then left to watch the proceedings of the left and center. I found, after fighting, that Lieutenant-Colonel Yorke had carried out orders an was driving the enemy from his position. The rebels still had possession of a stockade on the east side of the railroad, upon which a charge was ordered. Two squadrons mounted charged the stockade on the left, and three companies dismounted, upon the right of it. Here such a galling fire was poured in upon the enemy that he surrendered. The number of prisoners taken in this stockade was 500, including 1 lieutenant-colonel and 15 line officers. About the time of the surrender of the stockade, Brigadier-General Gholson, commanding the rebel forces at Egypt, was mortally wounded by some of my command on their right flank. The loss in the Second new Jersey Cavalry was very heavy, that regiment having to bear the brunt of the battle. Officers, killed, 3; wounded, 2. Men killed, 16; wounded, 69. Total, killed and wounded, 90. On the right flank the Seventh Indiana Cavalry lost 2 killed and 11 wounded; the Fourth Missouri Cavalry, 1 officer captured, supported to be wounded, and 1 map wounded. Total, killed and wounded, 90. on the right flank the Seventh Indiana Cavalry lost 2 killed and 11 wounded; the Fourth Missouri Cavalry, 1 officer captured, supposed to be wounded, and 1 man wounded. Total loss in the brigade, 105 killed and wounded. The Seventh Indiana Cavalry captured 47 prisoners, including 1 lieutenant-colonel. Of the wounded, 1 officer and 39 men of the Second New Jersey Cavalry were left at Egypt, under the care of Doctor Krauter, assistant surgeon of the Second New Jersey Cavalry, their wounds being of such a serious nature as to prevent their removal.

The action lasted two hours and a halt, commencing about 8.15 a. m. and ended at 11 a. m. The First Mississippi Mounted Rifles was left back to guard pack train and was not brought into the action. After my wounded had been attended to the general commanding ordered me to march on the Houston road; crossed the Houlka River and camped near Houston. Distance marched this day, fourteen miles.

Resumed the march on the 29th at 7 o'clock. Upon arriving at Houston I sent out, by order of Brigadier-General Grierson, a detachment from the Seventh Indiana Cavalry to destroy a large across the Houlka, on the Pontotoc road. Upon the return of this detachment I resumed the march upon the Bellefontaine road and camped at 5 o'clock; having marched sixteen miles. Marched at 6.30 a. m. on the 30th; passed through Bellefontaine at 12 o'clock and camped on the Grenada road at 12 o'clock and camped on the Grenada road at 6 o'clock; distance marched twenty-four miles. Took the advance on the 31st of December; struck the Mississippi Center Railroad one mile north of Winona Station at 2 p. m. Ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Yorke, with a portion of the Second New jersey Cavalry, to destroy the depot and all rebel government property accumulated there; burned a large amount of quartermaster's and commissary stores, two locomotives and some cars, besides tearing up the railroad and cutting the telegraph. Resumed the march and camped at Middleton, having marched twenty miles.

Left Middleton at 7 a. m. on the 1st day of January, 1865; marched in the rear, my brigade having charge of the prisoners; camped on the Lexington road at 6 o'clock; distance marched, twenty-six miles. On the 2nd of January marched at 7 o'clock; passed through Lexington at 10.30 o'clock. Here the Seventh Indiana Cavalry had a slight skirmish with the enemy. I was ordered to send one officers and forty men to

54 R R-VOL XLV, PT I

