
December 14. - Command united and moved to Russellville, twenty-one miles distant; sent transportation back; took up Colonel Johnson's command.

December 15. - Moved to Hopkinsville, nine miles, driving part of Lyon's force, taking 70 prisoners and 1 gun.

December 16. - In camp.

December 17. - Advanced to Grubb's Cross-Roads, twenty miles on the Princeton road, where Colonel La Grange's brigade was sent to Providence and a battalion to Princeton.

December 18. - Lyon crossed Tradewater, over which La Grange swam his horses, and as it was impossible to follow with artillery he returned and took up strong position at Hopkinsville.

December 19 to 22. - Scouting and foraging.

December 23. - Left with Third Brigade and battery; marched to Trenton; scout to Hardinsville.

December 25. - Went to Allensworth's house, seventeen miles.

December 26. - Marched twenty-two miles to Springfield.

December 27. - Marched twenty miles on Dixon pike.

December 28. - Arrived at Edgefield, Tenn. During the pursuit of Lyon the Second Brigade marched 416 miles and the Third Brigade 325 miles over horrible roads. The command subsisted off the country; both men and animals suffered much from the extreme cold; 100 men of the Second Brigade had their feet frozen. The First Brigade took part in the pursuit of Hood's army and in the battles of Nashville. Arrived at Waterloo, Ala., December 31.

January 9, 1865. - Command remained at Edgefiel until this date, when, in obedience to telegraphic orders, it moved under Bvt. Brigadier General L. D. Watkins, General McCook having received leave of absence on surgeon's certificate of disability. Marched for Gravelly Springs, Ala., and went ten miles to Hadley's house.

January 10. - Marched fifteen miles to Johnson's.

January 11. - Marched to Columbia, Tenn.; made headquarters at Mrs. Martin's. Bridge was carried off, leaving greater part of the train on north side of Duck River. It was not until the evening of the 16th that all was in readiness to move.

January 17. - Marched twenty-two miles to Faust's house.

January 18. - Marched seventeen miles to Cunningham's, passing through Henryville.

January 19. - Marched fifteen miles and a half to Shields' house, two miles and a half beyond Waynesborough.

January 20. - Marched sixteen miles down Bear Creek and Point Pleasant; encamped at Mrs. Greacen's.

January 21. - Marched ten miles to Thornton's.

January 22. - Marched eight miles to Bradford's.

January 23. - Marched five miles to Gravelly Springs, to General Wilson's headquarters; went beyond five miles; encamped at Carroll's.

January 24. - Arrived at Waterloo; found First Brigade in camp. Broke up Third Brigade, in obedience to orders, Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, assigning Sixth Kentucky Cavalry to First, and Fourth and Seventh Kentucky Cavalry to Second Brigade. General Watkins left, and Brigadier General J. T. Croxton, commanding First Brigade, assumed command of division.

The roads for the most part during the march were very bad, and there were constant delays caused by wagons sticking fast. Forage

