
communicate with Colonel Osband, who was on the left flank. Lieutenant Holman and forty man of the First Mississippi Mounted Rifles were detailed for this purpose. Went into camp at Bounden at 5.30 o'clock. Distance marched, thirty two miles. Resumed the march on the 3rd of January at 10 o'clock. Here he detachment from the First Mississippi Mounted Fifles rejoined my command, having succeeded in communicating with Colonel Osband. Camped at Mechanicsburg at 7.30 a. m. of the 4th of January; camped at Mill Creek, twelve miles northeast Vicksburg, at 7 o'clock. Here we found forage and rations from Vicksburg. Distance marched, twenty-five miles. On the 5th of January started at 9 a. m. Vicksburg; arrived there at 2.30 p. m.; ordered to go out to Four-Mile Brigade to camp; arrived there at 5 o'clock. On the 6th of January I received orders from Major General C. C. Washburn, commanding at Vicksburg, to send 650 men of my command to Memphis. I ordered the Second New Jersey Cavalry to embark and they left the same day. On the 8th instant I embarked on board the Niagara with the Fourth Missouri Cavalry and a portion of the Seventh Indiana Cavalry. I arrived in Memphis at 9 p. m. the 10th instant. This morning, the 12th instant, the balance of my brigade, consisting of one squadron of the Seventh Indiana Cavalry and the First Mississippi Mounted Rifles, arrived here, having left Vicksburg on the 9th instant. The whole distance marched during this expedition was 392 miles. While marching in an easterly direction the roads were good, but when our course was southward they were in very bad condition, swamps and bottoms being very numerous. My horses had plenty of forage, consisting of fodder and corn, and good care was taken of them.

Annexed is a list of the casualties in my brigade and the amount of property destroyed by my command.

In conclusion I beg leave to add that both officers and men of my command, whether on the march or in the action, were vying with one another in the performance of their duties, especially those of the Second New Jersey Cavalry and Seventh Indiana Cavalry. In the former Lieutenant-Colonel Yorke distinguished himself in leading the first squadrons in to action under a galling fire, and when the brave and lamented Captain Gallagher was pierced through the heart by the enemy's bullet, at the head of his noble squadron, and his not less intrepid second lieutenant, John Burns, met the same gate, and the squadron, deprived of its gallant leaders, showed signs of wavering, Lieutenant-Colonel Yorke, with the intrepidity of youth and the judgement of a veteran, threw himself, with another squadron, under a withering fire, in the part of the wavering column, and by timely and well-executed maneuver lodged himself, under the shelter of huts and houses, within thirty yards of the stockade, which he finally took, with 500 prisoners.

Captain Elliott, commanding the Seventh Indiana Cavalry, as well as Captain Skeltion, of the same regiment, deserve to be honorably mentioned for their untiring zeal and bravery; also Lieutenant George A. Howlett, my acting assistant adjutant-general, who during the action evinced great coolness and bravery in carrying my orders to the different parts of the field.

I have the honor to remain, captain, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH KARGE,

Colonel Second New Jersey Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding Brigade.

Captain S. L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

