
Numbers 3. Report of Colonel Edward F. Winslow, Fourth Iowa Cavalry, commanding Second Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION,Vicksburg, Miss., January 5, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of my command since leaching of Memphis, Tenn.:

I moved on the morning of the 21st of December with 825 officers and men, this being the effective strength of Third and Fourth Iowa and Tenth Missouri Cavalry Regiments then present in Memphis. Marched with the division, in position assigned by the general commanding, via Salem, Ripley, Tupelo, Okolona, Houston, Middleton, Lexington, and Benton, to this point, arriving this evening; distance marched direct being 384 miles. Met no enemy in force and did not fighting, having the rear of the column at Egypt, the engagement at that place being ended before the brigades in my front were fully deployed. Detachments from the brigade were sent, in obedience to instructions from the general commanding, as follows:

First. The Tenth Missouri Cavalry, Captain F. R. Neet commanding, to La Grange and Grand Junction, destroying telegraph and station.

Second. One hundred and twenty men Fourth Iowa Cavalry, Captain Warren Beckwith commanding, went to Greensborough and Bankston, destroying large quantities of quartermaster's and subsistence stores, together with a large cloth mill, tannery, shoe making establishment, and their contents. Five hundred men were thus thrown out of employment. This detachment was in the saddle two days and one night without rest.

Third. Captain Curkendal, with 150 men of his regiment, Third Iowa, made a demonstration toward Starkville, marching sixty hours, destroying a collection of arms and accouterments.

Fourth. Colonel John W. Noble, with 100 men of his regiment and 175 men Fourth Iowa, Major William W. Woods commanding, visited Grenada, leaving the column at Winona and rejoining it at Benton, having marched two days and night continually. This detachment destroyed several complete trains of cars, a large quantity of quartermaster's, commissary, ordnance, and other property, and railroad machine-shop. About 100 of the enemy, including 10 commissioned officers, were captured and turned over to the provost-marshal. About 50 animals were transferred to other commands to enable them to mount their men. None of my men have been dismounted, and our animals have been well fed and groomed.

Notwithstanding the severe marching, the inclemency of the weather, and the terrible condition of the roads much of the time, we have abandoned very few of the animals originally taken out, and the entire command has always been in effective condition.

The labor of destroying railroads is always quite severe. We have done fully our part toward crippling the enemy in this direction, and the manner in which our brave men have endured numberless hardships, continued marching, and great privations can not be too dully appreciated or they too highly rewarded. The cheerfulness with which they have obeyed orders, performed labors, encountered difficulties, and braved dangers deserves from their officers and countrymen the highest commendation. Nearly 200 animals were transferred to the provost-marshal for use of the prisoners.

