
destroyed five bridges, one of them 100 yards long, another fifty, another forty, another thirty, and a small culvert bridge. Their road is remarkably well constructed, and nothing but great power and invincible energy can effect it. We loosened the ties, and after displacing the rails on the bridges, piled over the different spans of the bridges rails (mostly carried from the nearest fence, half a mile distant), with such dry timber as could be gathered near at hand. After the bridges were fired and in full blaze, we proceeded nearer Shannon Station (where we yet had the blazing bridges in full view) and burned two large section houses. By their light, we also turned bottom up about one mile of the railroad track, and them piling fence upon it, liberally set fire to the whole at short intervals. Four hours were spent on this work, and I think the destruction was very thorough. Our way to camp was lighted for several miles by the fires we had made, but soon after they faded, we passed through a long and dismal swamp, from which we emerged and camped at 11 o'clock at night.

On the 27th of December we entered Okolona after some slight skirmishing with a part of General Gholson's brigade. While halting at this station, Captain Stidger with his squadron destroyed the following-described property: 1 water-tank, with steam-engine and fixtures attached; 1 turn-table; 4 witches; 1 depot filled with meat and meal; 1 building filled with 3,000 barrels of corn; 1 large lot of rebel uniform clothing, socks, shirts, drawers, &amp;c., 4 buildings filled with rations; and a lot of drugs and medicines. On the 28th we came to Egypt Station just after the engagement by the First Brigade with the enemy and received the news of the surrender of the rebels as our column was advancing upon the field. We remained at this station three hours, engaged in destroying arms and the railroad. Three-quarters of a mile of the track was turned over and burned, the depot buildings and five cars destroyed, with about 500 barrels of corn and 200 muskets.

On the 30th of December, when we reached Berryhill, or Bellefontaine, two of my squadrons, under Captain Curkendall and Captain Stidger, were ordered to make a demonstration toward Starkville for the purpose of deceiving the enemy. It was understood that there was nothing for the troops engaged in this exploit but very hard night marching. The duty was, however, performed thoroughly and cheerfully. The squadrons rejoined the main column on the 31st of December, having marched fifty miles extra in twenty-four hours. Much of the night march was through the swamp, and one man was lost, his horse bringing in his arms and equipments without the rider. At the time these squadrons were absent a foraging party of about twenty men, under Sergeant Parr, mistaking their road to camp, fell in with and joined a company of the Fourth Iowa Cavalry and assisted them in the destruction of public property at Bankston. These joined my command at Winona.

On the morning of the 1st of January, 1865, with a detachment numbering 300 and composed of companies of the Third and Fourth Iowa Cavalry, I left the camp of our main force at Winona at 3 a. m., with instructions from General Grierson to proceed to Grenada, Miss., and after destroying all public property found, to rejoin the column as expeditiously as possible. The weather was cold and the roads rough, but we were able to reach Duck Hill Station by 7 a. m. The railroad was here broken by the command to prevent the escape of any engines from above, and the depot, all rolling-stock, and a very considerable amount of quartermaster's stores burned (all of which is included in the summary hereinafter made).

