
Advancing toward Grenada I found two serviceable locomotives on the track, with a number of cars, one of which was loaded with a pile-driver, tackle, and engine, also a number of box-cars, flat-cars, and quartermaster's stores at a small intermediate station between Duck Hill and Grenada, all of which were thoroughly destroyed by breaking and burning. About five miles south of Grenada my advance ran upon a picket of the enemy, and while driving them, one of my men Pringle, Company K, Third Iowa Cavalry, was wounded and had to be left at Mr. Payne's plantation. The enemy showed a small line at Grenada, but fled before my advance guard.

Immediately upon entering town of Grenada I detailed Captain Clark, of the Fourth Iowa Cavalry, with his squadron, to seek out and destroy all public property in the place, while I conducted the main column to the railroad depot and put them at work upon the destruction of the locomotives, cars, and shops. After two hours' hard labor, finding no more public property to destroy, I withdrew by the Carrollton road. The following is a list of the property destroyed by me at Duck Hill, Grenada, and intermediate points: 4 locomotives and tenders; 19 box-cars; 11 flat-cars, 1 pile-driver and tackle, adn 1 small steam engine to work same; 1 machine-shop, with iron turning and planing lathe for repairing locomotives; 2 large depots, one containing quartermaster's stores; 1 box-car seasoned lumber; 1 box-car cotton; 6,000 barrels of wheat; 4,000 barrels of corn; 200 muskets; 1 store box cedar canteens; 1 store box hair saddle-blankets; 10 boxes ammunition; 100 bales of cotton. For the thorough destruction of all this it became necessary to fire some public buildings, which were consumed with their contents. I also destroyed the press of a rebel sheet called the Grenada Picket.

The railroad bridge across the Yalabusha River has not been repaired, but two locomotives across the stream ran to Panola and Oxford. Leaving Grenada at 2 p. m., I marched eleven miles to Mr. O'Neal's plantation, where I halted two hours to feed my horses and allow the men to make coffee, after which I marched through Carrollton, and camped,a t 12 o'clock at night, five miles south, unsaddling and feeding. Resuming the march at 5 a. m. of the 2nd instant, I passed through Black Hawk at 9 o'clock, feeding and taking breakfast near that place. In Black Hawk I burned a store-house of grain in sacks, public property, about 200 bushels. Approaching Lexington three hours after the rear guard of the main column had passed, I drove out a small party of rebels after a light skirmish, in which one of the enemy fell mortally wounded. At 8 o'clock at night I reached the camp of the Third Brigade near Ebenezer; at 9 o'clock started with them of Benton, where I reported to Colonel Winslow, commanding, at 2.30 o'clock, just forty-eight hours after I left Winona, during which the above-mentioned labors had been performed and the command marched 110 miles.

Major Woods commanded the companies of the Fourth Iowa Cavalry under me, and Captain Crail and Lieutenant Arnim, the squadrons of Third Iowa Cavalry. To these officers and all the others, adn tot he men, I feel it due to tender my thanks for their prompt and faithful discharge of every duty assigned them.

On the morning of the 3rd of January we moved out, in the advance, at 7 a. m., and had some skirmishing to Mechanicsburg. After camping at Mechanicsburg on the morning of the 4th of January, this command had the rear of the main column, and was soon again engaged in skirmishing with the enemy near the Ponds. I lost one man, mortally wounded, James Barr, private, Company B. On the 5th of January we

