
The Fourth Illinois Cavalry burned 10 railroad cars loaded with wagons at Verona, captured 20 loaded wagons, teams, &amp;c., just south of that station, and destroyed repair-shops and vast amounts of material used by General Forrest at Verona. The Second Wisconsin Cavalry burned 2 Government warehouses at Shannon filled with quartermaster's stores, 300 stand of arms, 13 cars loaded with timber, and the important railroad bridges over the Sheawassa and Coonewar Creeks, many trestle-works and culverts, beside capturing 1 first lieutenant and 6 enlisted men.

On the 27th Eleventh Illinois Cavalry totally destroyed the important bridges over the Chowappa and Tallaballah Creeks, each 200 feet in length, cutting down such parts as could not be burned. During the day the rear guard skirmished with about sixty of the enemy.

On the 28th I sent, as ordered, six companies of the Second Wisconsin Cavalry, under Major William Woods, to hold Pikeville. Nearing Egypt Station the column was closed up, and the skirmishing of the First Brigade becoming exceedingly warm, the pack train in my front being in confusion, blocking up the road, I took the field with the Fourth and Eleventh Illinois Cavalry and Third U. S. Colored Cavalry, leaving six companies of the Second Wisconsin Cavalry, under Captain N. DeForest, to guard brigade pack train and prisoners. Moving rapidly toward the scene of the engagement I was ordered by Colonel Karge to support his right flank, held by the Fourth Missouri Cavalry, who were carrying on a fight with Brigadier-General Gholson's command, who were inflicting great loss to the Fourth Missouri Cavalry from the shelter of a railroad embankment, without danger to themselves. Without firing one shot the Fourth Illinois Cavalry, having formed line on the right of the Fourth Missouri Cavalry, charged, utterly routing Gholson and pursuing his flying squadrons to the road beyond. The revolver and saber were feebly used by our men, 15 or 20 of the enemy being either killed or wounded, including Brigadier-General Gholson, mortally wounded; 1 lieutenant-colonel, 5 line officers, and 10 enlisted men were captured. In this brilliant attack we lost 2 men severely wounded; the enemy, their killed, wounded, and prisoners, the total rout and dispersion of their entire cavalry force, had their left turned, and the retreat to the swamp, before this open to the garrison of the stockade, entirely and permanently cut off.

Immediately to the rear, and supporting the Fourth Illinois Volunteer Cavalry, I moved the Eleventh Illinois Cavalry; but finding the Fourth able to meet all the force of the enemy on that side of the railroad, I changed the direction of the Eleventh Illinois Cavalry by a left wheel and moved them to the rear of the houses situated to the right of the stockade, which furnished them admirable cover for their horses, intending to attack the stockade with them dismounted. The regiment was here ordered to move to the rear of the stockade mounted and in making the movement were exposed to a heavy fire, suffering a loss of 1 man killed, 2 officers and 13 enlisted men wounded. Forming in the new position, Colonel Funke dismounted his men and advanced to assault the stockade, but before his men came within range it had surrendered. I moved the Third U. S. Colored Cavalry to the position recently occupied by the Eleventh Illinois Cavalry, under cover of the houses, and dismounted them. The dismounted column formed and commenced to move on the stockade, when it surrendered. Two companies Second Wisconsin Cavalry and two companies Third U. S. Colored Cavalry were, by direction of the general commanding, placed on the extreme left of our line; but, although they had a few horses

