
Our loss was 1 officer killed and 1 wounded, and 3 enlisted men killed, 7 wounded, and 2 missing. The enemy left 1 major, 1 lieutenant, and 50 men dead upon the field, aside from which we took 7 prisoners. It was the hardest fought cavalry fight in which the brigade, as such, were ever engaged.

I cannot forbear the mention of the loss sustained by the death of First Lieutenant and Actg. Adjt. Seward H. Pettingill, Third U. S. Colored Cavalry; he was thoroughly the embodiment of the accomplished gentleman and the dashing soldier.

Moving through Ebenezer, I joined the main column at Benton the same night, having been engaged with the enemy on hour and a half and marched forty-three miles.

My horses are worn out with the labor of fifty days' consecutive riding, and need rest and care. My men are unusually well, not more than twenty being admitted to hospital from both sick and wounded.

I desire to thank Captain John F. Wallace, Fourth Illinois Cavalry, acting aide-de-camp, for very valuable services rendered throughout the expedition.

Attention is called to inclosed reports of the regimental commanders; also, statement of Lieutenant Nisbet, Fifth Illinois Volunteer Cavalry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. OSBAND,

Colonel Third U. S. Colored Cav., Commanding Third Brigadier, Cav., Div.

Captain S. L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 6. Report of Captain Anthony T. Search, Fourth Illinois Cavalry.

VICKSBURG, MISS., January 10, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report, in obedience to your order, the part taken by my command, consisting of five companies and numbering 260 effective men, in the recent cavalry raid through Northern Mississippi.

At Ripley, fourteen miles east of Lamar, on the Mississippi Central Railroad, on the 24th ultimo, by your order, I left the main column with 200 of my best mounted men and marched twenty-five miles east to the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, striking it about midnight between Baldwyn and Guntown Stations. After setting fire to two bridges, taring up as much of the track as was possible with the tools in our possession, and cutting the telegraph wire, I took up my line of march for Ellistown, sixteen miles distant, where I rejoined the brigade at noon of the 25th. During this trip, which was unusually hard on the horses on account of the excessively bad roads and the darkness of the night, we captured 7 prisoners and destroyed 24 stand of arms. At Verona, on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, on the 26th, I destroyed a train of 20 abandoned wagons, loaded with provisions and clothing, and captured about 60 head of mules. We reached Egypt Station, on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, in the forenoon of the 28th, and found the First Brigade, Colonel Karge, commanding, engaged in a sharp fight with the enemy, who were well protected behind stockades and the railroad embankment and were severely punishing our forces without loss to themselves. In obedience to your order I moved my regiment and

