
was abundant and the animals were well fed. During the remainder of the month the command remained in camp, building winter quarters and stables, and drilling constantly.

Second Brigade, First Division.

January 2, 1865. - The brigade marched from Bowling Green, Ky.

January 5. - Arrived at Nashville, Tenn.

January 9. - Marched from there, passing through Franklin, Spring Hill, Columbia, Mount Pleasant, and Waynesborough.

January 23. - Arrived at Waterloo, Ala. In camp the rest of the month. No engagements have occurred; no property captured.

Second Division.

November 1. - Transferred horses to Third Division and marched to Calhoun on foot; form that place to Louisville by rail, where they arrived on the 14th, and remained the balance of the month, making preparations to be mounted and equipped.

December 1. - Encamped at Louisville, Ky.; Fourth Ohio Cavalry started en route to Nashville, arriving on the 11th; engaged in picketing the Cumberland River between Nashville and Gallatin, Tenn., before and during the battle of Nashville. Went into camp at Nashville, remaining there until the end of the month. The rest of the division was in Louisville, Ky., until the 28th, pressing horses and getting command in readiness for active service.

December 28. - Division marched en route for Nashville, Tenn.

December 29. - Surg. J. L. Sherk and Captain R. M. McCormick killed by guerrillas near Bardstown, Ky.

December 31. - Encamped at Elizabethtown, Ky.

January 1, 1865. - The division encamped at Elizabethtown, Ky., en route for Nashville. Marched to Edgefield, Tenn., arriving on the 8th. Four men of the First Brigade killed by guerrillas while out foraging. The Fourth Ohio Cavalry rejoined the division.

January 12. - The command crossed the Cumberland River, and encamped near Nashville.

January 13. - Marched for Gravelly Springs, Ala., via Franklin and Columbia, arriving on January 25. and joining the Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, went into camp. Distance marched during the month, 286 miles.

Fourth Division.

[December.] - The command has been separated during the month, one-half being in Missouri and moving from there to Louisville, the other half being at Memphis, Tenn., taking part in an expedition under General Grierson against the Mobile and Ohio Railroad. This part of the command marched about 400 miles.

Fifth Division.

November 4. - The division left Pulaski, Tenn., and moved to Shoal Creek, Ala., to watch and oppose, as far as possible, the advance of Hood's army into Middle Tennessee. Skirmishing occurred every day and the division succeeded in cutting the enemy's pontoon bridge over the Tennessee River at three different times, thus retarding his movements.

