
formed three companies-E, Captain Smith commanding; B, Captain Merriman; and A, Lieutenant Donica commanding-in line on the extreme right of the line formed by the First Brigade, supporting them by the two other companies-D, Lieutenant Taylor commanding, and C, First Sergeant Arnold commanding. Seeing at once that the enemy were securely posted out of sight and danger behind the railroad embankment, I ordered a charge, for the purpose of dislodging them and turning their left. Notwithstanding the soft condition of the ground (a cultivated field), the charge was entirely successful. The enemy were driven a distance of about 100 rods ot the timber, where a deep ditch checked our pursuit and enabled a majority of them to escape. We, however, captured fifteen, including a lieutenant-colonel and several line officers. Several were also killed and wounded, among them Brigadier-General Gholson, mortally wounded. My loss was very light-2 men slightly wounded, and 17 horses killed and disabled.

On the morning of the 1st instant I sent Captain Smith with 100 men, dismounted, from camp near Winona Station, on the Mississippi Central Railroad, to destroy the railroad between that point and Vaiden Station, a distance of twelve miles. This work was performed by Captain Smith with his usual energy. He burned nine bridges and six treste-works, and tore up much of the track, rejoining the command a little after noon near Vaiden. In the engagement at Franklin, on the 2nd instant, my regiment being in the rear did not reach the field until some time after the fight began between the enemy and the Third United States. On reaching the scene of action one company (E, Captain Smith commanding) was ordered to go too the relief of Major Main, of the Third United States, who with a detachment of his regiment was holding the enemy in check at the bridge. Two other companies (A and B), under Captain Merriman, were ordered to move into the field to the right, to intercept flank movements from the enemy's left. Companies C and D remained to guard the pack train. After getting near the timber to the right, captain Merriman ordered Companies A and B, under the immediately charge of Lieutenants Donica and Norton, to dismount and enter the timber. They did so, moving up the stream and toward the bridge, near which the enemy were concealed in loghouses and behind rail fences. Lieutenant Norton moved his company, B, under a sharp fire form the enemy, to a position opposite the houses and posted his men behind trees and logs. Lieutenant Donica took position a little farther to the right and across the creek. In this position these two companies engaged the enemy for near thirty minutes. The number of the enemy seemed so greatly superior to my own, and the firing became so severe, that I dispatched Lieutenant Hitt to ask for re-enforcements. He soon returned, however, with an order from you to withdraw my men and protect the left flank of Major Main's command, which was ordered back from the bridge. Fortunately, just after the order was received, the enemy retreated from the log-houses and fences in my front, or I could not have extricated my command form the position we occupied without severe loss. In the engagement I regret to record the loss of 2 men killed and 1 wounded, not seriously. Captain Smith reports that from his position at the bridge he saw 9 of the enemy lying dead. My regiment continued in the rear during the day, and apprehending that we might be followed, I ordered Captain Smith to take Companies C and E and form a strong extreme rear guard-a precaution that proved unnecessary, as the enemy did not make his appearance, doubtless having been too severely punished in the fight to be in a condition to follow us.

