
From this time until our arrival at Vicksburg, on the evening of the 5th instant, my regiment had no special duty to perform.

The total number of animals captured during the raid, besides the 60 mules captured at Verona, was 38 horses and 27 mules; making a total of 125 head.

In consequence of the rapid marching in the early part of the raid some 75 or 80 of my horses became used up and had to be abandoned.

I cannot conclude, colonel, without remarking that the conduct of the officers and men of my regiment, both at Egypt and Franklin, was unexceptionable, and characterized by their usual bravery and willingness to meet the foe.

I remain, colonel, with sentiments of high esteem, very truly and respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

S. T. SEARCH,

Captain, Commanding Fourth Regiment Illinois Cavalry.

Colonel E. D. OSBAND,

Commanding Third Brigadier, Cavalry Div., Dept. of the Mississippi.

Numbers 7. Report of Major John S. Hope, C. S. Army, Assistant Inspector-General, Department of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana.

INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE, DEPT. OF ALABAMA, MISSISSIPPI, AND EAST LOUISIANA,

Meridian, Miss., December 29, 1864.

COLONEL: In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 226, department headquarters, December 25, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following report:

The train arrived here from Mobile on the morning of the 26th instant with 700 infantry and one four-gun battery, known as king's battery, (on railroad without horses), the whole commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Burke; the infantry armed, but without ammunition. I drew from Major McCall, chief ordnance officer, seventeen boxes of ammunition, and moved with all dispatch with the train, as directed by the lieutenant-general commanding, making every effort in my power to take the infantry and battery to Corinth, Miss.

I arrived at West Point at 5 p. m. December 26, and placed myself in telegraphic communication with Major Wheeler, commandant post at Okolona, and was informed by him that the enemy had taped the road at Verona, twelve miles north of that place, and was reported moving on Okolona. I immediately telegraphed the lieutenant-general all the information that I had received, and awaited his telegraphic orders at West Point, which reached me about 9 p. m., which telegram I inclose, marked A. I was then ready to move with the train, but a delay of about ne hour was made by the railroad agent in telegraphing, getting ready,, &c. The train got off from this point about 11 p. m. There being no water-tank on the railroad agent that the would have to bail water in order to get to Okolona. I reported this fact to Lieutenant-Colonel Burke, commanding, and he furnished a detail of soldiers for the purpose of bailing water.

At 3 a. m. 27th instant I was again informed by the railroad agent that he had not water enough to take the train to Okolona, but could

