
about 10.30 a. m. The enemy fell back and reformed south of Egypt about two miles, leaving Colonel Wier entirely cut off from all communication with Egypt-Colonel Wier occupying position about four miles from town with his command, the enemy forming one line of battle north of the town, one east of town, and one south, fronting Colonel Wier, between his position and town. There being no longer any firing in Egypt, and it was evident to Colonel Wier and myself that the enemy had undisputed possession of Egypt (as they were then firing the railroad buildings), Colonel Wier requested me to take the train and go back to where I could get in telegraphic communication with General Gardner and inform him of the condition of things. I found that the telegraph operator had come on to West Point, and there I met General Gardner in person and gave him a detailed account of all that had transpired.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. HOPE,

Assistant Inspector-General.

Lieutenant Colonel E. SURGET, Asst. Adjt. General, Meridian, Miss.

[Inclosure A.]

MERIDIAN, December 26, 1864.

Major JOHN S. HOPE, Assistant Inspector-General:

Move your men as near Okolona as practicable. Send scouts to front to keep you advised of enemy's movements. Six hundred men will be up to-morrow. If enemy not at Okolona to-night you may use the train to bring stores, &amp;c., from Okolona. Take battery with you to Okolona. Impress horses, if possible, to enable you to use battery. Will send more ammunition to-morrow. The object is to check enemy, without risking disaster, until General Gardner and troops can arrive to-morrow, as it is twenty-eight miles from West Point to Okolona. You must be governed by news from front as to your movements.

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.

[Inclosure B.]

WEST POINT, December 27, 1864.

Major HOPE:

Send King's battery and all stores, except what you need, down on the train you have. Will send infantry up to-night.

F. GARNDER,

Major-General.

WEST POINT, [December 27,] 1864.

Major J. S. HOPE:

I do not wish to hold a train to move troops, as they must stand as long as possible and fight the enemy to the least moment, and when necessary to fall back do so in good order.

FRANK. GARDNER,

Major-General.

[DECEMBER 28, 1864.]

[Major HOPE:]

Train left about half hour ago; don't think General G[ardner] is on it.

OPERATOR,

West Point.

