
Numbers 8. Report of Major General Franklin Garnder, C. S. Army, commanding District of Mississippi and East Louisiana.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,Jackson, Miss., January 12, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following narrative of orders issued in reference to the late raid of the enemy to the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, under command of Brigadier-General Grierson, U. S. Army, which started from Memphis on the 21st of December, 1864:

On the 22nd of December Colonel Griffith with his consolidated Eleventh and Seventeenth Arkansas Regiments [mounted] started to march to the District of Southwest Mississippi and East Louisiana, under orders previously given.

On the same date orders were received by telegraph from the lieutenant-general commanding to ---

Move all forces in Southern and Central Mississippi to some point on railroad between Meridian and Mobile with dispatch.

Orders were immediately given to prepare for this march, and telegram sent to---

Ask whether the troops should proceed dismounted by railroad or mach as cavalry.

The answer by telegraph, received the same day, directed that--

The men move with their horses, making as little deadly as possible.

Orders were immediately given for the march of troops of the Central District eastward, crossing Pearl River at this place, and those in the District of Southwest Mississippi and East Louisiana to cross the river at Monticello as soon as they could be concentrated. Colonel Griffith was ordered to return to this point with his command, as he could not cross Pearl River below this,a nd to march, following the first column. These troops reached Morton (distance reported by dirt road forty-four miles) on the 24th.

General Martin, commanding Northwest District, with Colonel Denis' reserves and a few State troops, numbering by his report about 300 men, were about thirty miles from Memphis. Scott and Wilbourn, both with detachments of their own and other regiments, numbering, it is supposed, over 800, were in the District of the Gulf. Gholson had a camp at Cotton-Gin, collecting dispersed cavalry; numbers or condition not reported. Captain Pope, of Wade's regiment, at Columbus, with about thirty men. Lipscomb, of Mabry's brigade, with about 250 men, at Macon, and Captain Doss' company State troops at the same place, with thirty men. Forrest's and Jackson's recruiting camps at Verona; nothing know of numbers. King's battery and 500 men, under Lieutenant-Colonel Wier, from Corinth, had been sent to Mobile; also, 386 men from camp of direction at Meridian. No other troops on railroad below Corinth except invalids. I make this statement to show the position of troops.

On the evening of the 22nd of December reports were received from scouts, not very precise, but indicating that the enemy had moved out from Memphis with infantry, cavalry, and artillery, and were running the cars on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad as far as they marched. All dispatches were repeated to department headquarters.

55 R R-VOL XLV, PT I

