
On the 23rd the same information was received from Colonel Mabry, commanding officer of the Northeast District, at Corinth. I then telegraphed (on the 23rd) to Colonel Miles, at Corinth:

Call to Corinth Wade's cavalry, at Columbus, and as many of Jackson's cavalry, at Verona, as can be mae available; also call upon Roddey for assistance from his cavalry. Pick up every man on the railroad you can. Keep your scouts well out toward Memphis, and keep me informed.

And telegraphed to Major-General Martin, commanding Northwest District:

Scouts have reported enemy in large force from Memphis. Keep him in observation and keep me informed.

And to Lieutenant-Colonel Levy, assistant adjutant and inspector general, department headquarters:

Please inform me as to movements of the enemy east of this place. The march from Memphis seems to me to demand attention.

And to Colonel Mabry:

Open dispatches for Colonel Miles. Mabry's brigade too far off to be ordered up in time.

These orders were given on the supposition that this move with cavalry, infantry, and artillery, and repairing the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, indicated an attack on Corinth, the base of supplies for General Hood's army.

On the 23rd further information was received of the march of the enemy, showing a force of about 3,500 cavalry, about 5,000 infantry, with nine pieces of artillery, 300 pack-mules, and no wagon train, but running the railroad as far as Germantown.

On the 24th Colonel Mabry reported gun-boats up the Tennessee River and troops landing at Chickasaw, which seemed to indicate still more an attack on Corinth. On the 24th reports were received that enemy's infantry had proceeded as far as Moscow, and cavalry, under Grierson, had encamped, on the 23rd, at Salem. This clearly indicated a move of the cavalry against the Mobile and Ohio Railroad below Corinth. I then telegraphed to Colonel Lipscomb, commanding Mabry's brigade, at Macon, to--

Move all available cavalry to Tupelo and hold dismounted men ready to move in cars to Corinth.

And to Colonel Mabry:

Avail yourself of Jackson's cavalry, at Verona, and Wade's, at Columbus.

And to Gholson:

Send all available cavalry to Tupelo.

To Miles, in answer to dispatch received:

Troops at Mobile out of my reach. Collect all men on railroad.

I also ordered General Wirt Adams to halt at Morton to await further orders, and by direction from the lieutenant-general commanding, I ordered him to march to North Mississippi to report to General Martin; but he informed me that he could not cross Pearl River except by a long march, and I then ordered him to march to this place; to place his troops in position to meet the enemy on his return westward. (See letter of instructions* inclosed.)

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

