
I telegraphed to Lieutenant-Colonel Levy that-

I cannot dispose of Scott's force for Corinth except by sending most of his dismounted men by railroad. His force is not under my control.

Dispatch from Gholson that he had no ammunition. I ordered him by telegraph to-

Telegraph immediately to Meridian for the ammunition you need.

I started on special train, by direction of the lieutenant-general commanding, about 1 o'clock at night of 26th. Arrived at Meridian about daylight, and after reporting to the lieutenant-general commanding I started on the up train, having on the cars Wier's battalion, which had been previously sent by my orders from Corinth to meet Davidson's raid against southern part of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad. By some unaccountable delay we did not reach West Point until between 9 and 10 o'clock at night. On arriving there the cars stopped for the usual time, as I supposed. Mr. Fresisnius, the superintendent of that portion of the road, informed me that the enemy had burnt Okolona, and that the trains could not go any farther. I immediately got out of the cars, remarking that I must get some official information from the troops above. Several citizens stated to me that the enemy were advancing rapidity down the railroad. I proceeded to the telegraph office, and was followed there by some who were anxious for information and some who had private requests to present. As this interrupted my business, I was compelled to get rid of them by abrupt answers. I at once ordered Colonel Wier's troops out of the cars, to be held in hand for any orders that might be given, and that the men be permitted to cook their rations. I informed the superintendent of the road that the train would be held ready to move at a moment's notice, subject to my orders. I then place myself in communication with Major Hope, who had been sent by the lieutenant-general commanding to direct affairs, to find out the position of the enemy and our own troops. Several verbal messages were sent and replied to. Accompanying are copied of some of the more important dispatches* received and sent.

I gave orders to various officers at the time. Colonel Lipscomb having reported in advance of the arrival of his troops (Mabry's brigade), I directed him to push his cavalry rapidly to the front as soon as they arrived. I directed Lieutenant-Colonel Wier to place his men on the cars as soon as they had finished cooking, and start so as to arrive at Egypt before daylight. The order was given to him about 11.30 o'clock and the cars started about 2 o'clock, giving ample time to arrive before daylight, but he was delayed by being obliged to supply waster for the engine at Prairie Station by means of buckets. This delay, although accidental, was fortune, as he was enabled to take position on the railroad south of Egypt, and repulsed the enemy on his advance down the road. (See report of Lieutenant-Colonel Wier, accompanying.)

The affair at Egypt I have no official report of, but Major Hope being present at the time can furnish some of the particulars. All accounts agree that the troops under General Gholson made a gallant defense.

Early on the morning of the 28th I placed Colonel McDonell in command of West Point and vicinity to organize all men that could be obtained. (See his report* annexed.) The convalescents at Columbus were organized and armed for the defense of that place, and troops under Colonel Colvin were halted at Macon, and those under Major Eve were halted at Atresia, to be in position to defend that portion of the road in case the enemy turned south.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

