
The enemy moved west from Egypt on the afternoon of the 28th. Colonel Lipscomb arrived with his cavalry at Prairie Station the same evening, and early on the morning of the 29th pushed on after the enemy, but did not come up with him on account of the rapidity of his march. The damage done to the railroad is reported by Colonel Cole.

(See report.)

Colonel Lipscomb reported by courier that the enemy were marching in the direction of Houston. I received this report by rumor on the 29th, and immediately telegraphed to Brigadier General Wirt Adams. I have no report from Colonel Lipscomb, which is wanting to give information of the damage done on the line of march. Also General Adams' report of meeting the enemy near Mississippi Central Railroad and his subsequent march to Vicksburg is necessary to complete the narrative. These reports will be forwarded as soon as received.

I inclose with this the following papers: Letters of instructions to Brigadier General Wirt Adams;* copies of telegrams received and sent;* reports from Colonels McDonell,* Cole, Mabry,* and Wier; also report from Surgeon Evans.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK. GARDNER,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Meridian, Miss.

Numbers 9. Report of Major General William T. Martin, C. S. Army, commanding District of Northwest Mississippi.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTHWEST MISSISSIPPI,Panola, January 6, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I would submit the following report in relation to the late raid:

On the 23rd ultimo I received the first notice of the movement of the enemy from Memphis, and immediately telegraphed you, and ordered all Colonel Denis' command to Holly Springs.

In the afternoon of the 24th I received dispatches which satisfied me the raid was intended for the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, and I started next day for Holly Springs. The enemy had passed and camped at Salem the night of the 23rd. I found it utterly impracticable to raise volunteers there, and returned to this place, to be in reach if the enemy turners west, reaching this place on the 29th. I left the best officer I had at Holly Springs, with a few men, and gave him authority to increase his command by every means in his power to meet the enemy on his return. Colonel Denis was sent to pursue. On the 30th, late in the day, I received General Gardner's dispatch informing me the enemy was moving west and had divided, and one column was moving toward Grenada. The same day Captain Angevine, commanding post at Grenada, who had sent out scouts under my orders, reported by telegram that the enemy was moving toward Pontotoc, and that he had not marched far on the Grenada road. On the 31st, at 11 a. m., Captain Angevine sent me a dispatch, stating that he had moved all Government stores, under my orders, and that the enemy was twenty miles south of Grenada, and had crossed the road at Winona at 3 p. m., and that a small party the night before had been at Duck

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

