
November 16. - Enemy advanced in force, compelling the division to fall back. As it did so it contested every mile of ground.

November 24. - Arrived at Campbellsville, Tenn. Two division s of the enemy's cavalry were at that place, and hard fighting was kept up until dark, when order were received to fall back to Columbia, Tenn. From Columbia the division was actively engaged protecting the flank of the infantry column in its retreat toward Nashville; participated in the battle of Franklin, Tenn.; charged two divisions of rebel cavalry, driving them about three miles and across Harpeth River.

December 1. - Division moved from Franklin, Tenn., to Nashville.

December 2. - Moved across Cumberland River, and went into camp; up to the 12th the division was busily engaged in remounting and reequipping.

December 12. - Recrossed the Cumberland and moved to the west side of Nashville, where it remained until the morning of the 15th.

December 15 and 16. - The division made several successful charges on the enemy's lines and works, drove him from one redoubt and two forts, and captured 11 pieces of artillery, 8 caissons, 25 wagons and teams complete, and about 1,500 prisoners, including Brigadier-General Rucker, C. S. Army, and turned the left flank of the enemy.

December 17 to 29. - Division constantly on the move in pursuit of Hood's army, during which time several fights occurred, capturing 9 more pieces of artillery, 6 caissons, and about 200 prisoners. Hood having succeeded in crossing the Tennessee River, the pursuit was discontinued and the division ordered to Athens, Ala., where it is stationed at this date, December 31.

January 15, 1865. - The division moved from near Athens, Ala., to Gravelly Spring, Ala., and went into camp at the latter place, where it remains at this date, January 31.

First Brigade, Fifth Division.

November 5. - The brigade moved out from Pulaski, Tenn., and reached Shoal Creek near its junction with the Tennessee River on the 6th. Skirmished with Hood's advance at different points on Shoal Creek; one man killed. From thence moved brigade headquarters to Taylor's Springs, the regiments being ordered to guard the fords of Shoal Creek and check the enemy's advance.

November 8 and 9. - Skirmished again. This continued almost daily until the 16th, when the brigade was ordered to move up the military road leading to Lawrenceburg. A part of the command was sent to reconnoiter the enemy's column, which was marching on the Florence and Waynesborough road, and returned with 5 prisoners, 5 Spencer carbines, and 3 wagons captured.

November 19. - The command moved out on the Lexington road and reached Lawrenceburg, the enemy on our left flank and close on our rear. An engagement took place here, in which artillery was planted on both sides; several men wounded.

November 22. - The enemy move up their infantry in front and on our right flank. The fight this day was severe, and we continued to hold our position, the enemy falling back at night.

November 23. - Ordered to fall back toward Pulaski, and reached Campbellsville on the 24th. Here the enemy was again encountered in force with both cavalry and infantry. A severe engagement followed, in which the Twelfth Missouri Cavalry lost 50 men in killed,

