
them. They then moved around my right flank, causing me to change my front. From this position they bore down upon me at full gallop. My men were steady and cool, and with a well-directed fire scattered them in every direction. They then fell back to their former position near Egypt, but in full view. They immediately formed their line of battle across the railroad, two other columns moving out of the woods to join them. I took immediate steps to fortify my position, requesting Major Hope to take train down to Prairie Station, get some water for the locomotive, and return with the battery immediately. The enemy remained in this position about two hours, then withdrew out of sight. Having no horse I could get but little information.

About 4 p. m. Captain Shoup reported to me with a few horsemen, and I soon ascertained that the enemy had moved west, leaving their wounded at the station. I remained in position, sending out scouts in every direction, until 9 p. m.; then moved about two miles down the railroad to get some provisions for my command.

I remained in this position until Wednesday, 12 m.; finding the enemy moving west and probably south, I though best to move down to West Point.

The enemy left 7 dead on the field and 1 stand of colors. My loss 3 wounded.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. WIER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Major WOODLIEF, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 11. Report of Colonel J. C. Cole, commanding Infantry Reserves.
HEADQUARTERS,Okolona, Miss., December 30, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on the 27th instant I left Corinth, Miss., with a force of about 350 men, by Colonel W. R. Miles' order. I proceeded that day by train to within one mile of Tupelo, where I found a railroad, and the night being very dark, I waited until next morning, when I commenced a march for this place, keeping down the railroad track, and getting to this place, keeping down the railroad track, and getting to this place on yesterday at 12 m. I found the railroad at Tupelo very badly torn up, the track for near half a mile turned over. From that point to Verona very little damage was done a few culverts partially burned. From Verona to Shannon very little damage was done. At Verona a train of cars, the depot, and several Government shops were burned. A force of near 500 cavalry from Forrest's and Jackson's commands were there recruiting, but they had very few arms and but little ammunition, and, of course, did the enemy no damage. They are now, together with their horses, scattered throughout that country. Colonel Henderson, who was in command, is now endeavoring to collect them at Shannon. The road for several hundred yards was turned over, and as much burned. From Shannon to this place the railroad is very badly damaged, thirteen bridges and culverts-burned; some of the bridges (and very important ones) are very severely inured. At this point (Okolona) the tank was burned, but otherwise no serious injury to the railroad was done. All the business portion of the town was burned, and one private dwelling. I cannot form any estimate of the length of time it will take to repair

