
the railroad, but I consider the damage done to it very serious; and in consideration of the importance of communication with General Hood's army, which is now at Iuka, being kept open, every effort should be made to push it through as rapidly as possible, and to that and to that end I have ordered an impressment of negroes to go to work on it at once. From this end of the road the telegraph is very badly damaged, but I have furnished the operator (Mr. Morris) with all the assistance he wished, and he assures me that the line will be opened to this place by to-morrow morning. I have furnished Colonel Miles regularly with reports of my operations and observations. From the most reliable information I can get I am satisfied that the enemy, with all his forces, after leaving Egypt, moved to Houston, and from thence in the direction of Grenada. Any important information I can get of their movements I will furnish you at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. COOLE,

Colonel, Commanding.

[General GARDNER.]

Numbers 12. Report of Surg. F. H. Evans, C. S. Army.

OFFICE SURGEON IN CHARGE OF HOSPITALS,

West Point, Miss., January 1, 1865.

SIR: In obedience to an order from the general commanding this district, I have the honor to make the following report:

In compliance with an order from the general commanding, given at West Point, Miss., on December 30, 1864, to proceed to Egypt Station, Mobile and Ohio Railroad, for the purpose of removing the wounded, I went up to Egypt on Saturday morning, carrying with me one acting assistant surgeon, three hospital stewards, and sixty-litter-bearers. This detail was furnished me by Colonel McDonell, commanding the post. On reaching a break in the road I made a detail of fifteen of my litter-bearers to repair this break. I left the train with the remainder of my detail and marched to Egypt. I found thirty-five Federal wounded in charge of Brigade Surgeon Krauter (Federal) and a Federal hospital steward, seven Confederate wounded, who had been cared for by Surge. W. A. Evans, whom I sent up for this purpose during the action and who reached Egypt a short time after the enemy retreated. Surg. W. A. Evans reports to me that he found Surgeon Krauter giving the Confederates the same attention which he did his own men. The wounded were quartered in the neighboring houses, and were as comfortable as circumstances would permit. I had all of the very badly wounded borne on litters to the point which the train would reach, which was distant from none of the buildings in which the wounded were quartered mare than a mile and a half. I met Surgeons West and Wilkinson, of the Reserve Corps, returning from Corinth. I ordered them to remain at the train to superintend the removal of the wounded from the litters to the train. I ordered Surgeon Krauter, U. S. Army, to superintend the removal of his own wounded on the litters which I furnished him. We transported all of the wounded, and had them comfortably prepared for transportation in a few hours. I carried up an ample supply of bedding, stimulants, and anodynes. The engine having exhausted its supply of water, and their being no tanks between Egypt and this point, we had to bail water, and were six hours in transitu. I left Surg.

