
L. W. Tuttle in charge of the post in my absence, with instructions to prepare for the reception of the wounded. Surgeon Tuttle, having ascertained that there were quite a number of wounded at Corinth, whom we would probably have to care for in a few days, procured an order from you to send the train through to Columbus, Miss. Surgeon Tuttle, accompanied by the medical officers on duty at this post, was at the train on our arrival, to render such service as might be required. As we arrived at a late hour at night, a consultation was held (into which Surgeon Krauter was admitted to represent his own interest) as to the property of leaving the wounded on the cars the remainder of the night. It was the opinion of all of the surgeons present that it would cause more suffering to remove the wounded to the hospital, and then to the cars next day, than to keep them on the train. They were left on the train, where they were fed and had their wounds dressed. A list of these prisoners was taken and registered at the Cannon Hospital. They were regularly transferred to Columbus, Miss., under charge of one of our medical officers, assisted by Surgeon Krauter and the Federal hospital steward, who were also sent to Columbus.

By order of the commandant of the post all of the U. S. property under charge of Surgeon Krauter was taken from him. This consisted of medicines and surgical instruments, which are taken up on property account of Cannon Hospital, and will be accounted for. These wounded prisoners were kindly treated while in our hands. I was informed that twelve or fifteen of the Federal wounded died before I reached Egypt; one died in transitu to this place. One Confederate wounded was left at Egypt in a dying condition, and one died in transitu here. The remainder of the Confederate may recover. Nearly all of the Federal prisoners are seriously wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. H. EVANS,

Surgeon in Charge of Hospitals.

Captain ED. D. WOODLIEF,

Assistant Adjutant-General, West Point, Miss.

Numbers 13. Report of Brigadier General Wirt Adams, C. S. Army, commanding Central District of Mississippi.
HEADQUARTERS CENTRAL DISTRICT OF MISSISSIPPI,Canton, Miss., January 12, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with the order of the major-general commanding, requiring a report of the engagement with the enemy at Franklin, Holmes County, on the 2nd instant, I have the honor to submit the following:

Colonel Griffith's command, returning from Morton, reached Canton on the 30th ultimo, and was ordered to take position near Goodman, thirty-two miles north of this, for the purpose of intercepting, in obedience ot the orders of the major-general commanding, the raid under Grierson, then reported to be moving west from Egypt Station, on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, in case it turned in a southern or southwesterly direction. Moorman's battalion, which had just reached Livingston from North Mississippi, was also ordered to Canton and directed to encamp in the vicinity of Colonel Griffith and await further orders. I had the bridge at Goodman carefully examined and repaired, with the view of the prompt crossing of the command at that point, and sent scouts, under Captain Sam Handerson, up by railroad as far as Vaide,

