
to give me early information of the enemy's movements. The telegraphic operators along the railroad were also requested to furnish me the earliest information regarding the enemy's movements. On the 30th the operator at Vaiden reported the enemy at Winona and the main column as having gone to Grenada. At 3 o'clock on the afternoon of the 31st the operator at Vaiden left his office, without explanation, further than to say he had gone to look for the enemy, and the result was that no reliable information was received of the enemy's advance in this direction until 7.30 p. m. on the 1st instant, when dispatches from Durant reported the arrival of the enemy at West Station, ten miles above, and the burning of the station house at 7 p. m. I at once dispatched couriers to Colonel Griffith, with orders to cross Big Black at Goodman, and to regulate his movement [so as] to occupy the bridge before daylight with his advance, and to have his whole command west of the river by sunrise on the morning and report to Colonel Griffith.

On my joining Colonel Griffith, by railroad, at 9 o'clock on the morning of the 2nd, I found that Moorman's battalion had not come up, and that all but fifteen or twenty of Colonel Gober's (Louisiana) command had deserted during the previous night, thus leaving an effective total of only 330 men. At 11 o'clock Captain Henderson reported by telegraph from Durant that the main column of the enemy was moving toward Lexington, and that a detachment of from 600 to 800 was moving toward Franklin and would join the main column at Ebenezer. I immediately moved the command forward at a rapid trot toward Franklin, sending a squadron of Colonel Wood's regiment in advance to Franklin, to occupy the forks of the road at that place and check the enemy in case he was likely to reach there before we did. Colonel Wood took command of this squadron himself and went forward at a gallop. When the head of our column was within two miles of Franklin a force of the enemy, estimated at from 400 to 600 strong, suddenly appeared upon our right flank, coming up a side road, commenced forming rapidly in an open field, and opened fire upon our column. I subsequently learned that this detachment was sent ot capture 800 Government hogs which were at Goodman, burn the bridge at that point, and the railroad bridge across Big Black. I at once turned the head of the column and charged the enemy across the open field, but he broke and fled in disorder before we reached his line. The difficulty and delay in coursing several deep galleys in the field so checked our pursuit as to enable the enemy to escape; and as rapid firing was now heard in the direction of Franklin, I sent Colonel Wood's regiment forward at a gallop to his support, and hurried forward the remainder of the command. On coming up I found that Colonel Wood had been driven back a short distance by overwhelming numbers. When his regiment came up repeated charges and counter charges were mace, his men contesting the ground with great gallantry and resooutuin. Meantime the enemy, whose main force to the number of 3,000 were present, formed three lines of battle on a commanding hill at Franklin, and re-enforced heavily in front whenever driven back. With the view of striking him an effective blow in flank, Colonel Griffith took a squadron of Wood's regiment and moved around on the enemy's right, and about the same time I dismounted the Arkansans regiment and sent it forward at a double-quick to attack in flank the force engaged with Colonel Wood. The flank attack was momentarily successful, and the enemy gave way, but was re-enforced and pressed forward a second time. The

