
fight now became general along the whole front and was obstinately contested, but such were the preponderating numbers of the enemy and so strong his position that he could not be driven.

Finding the Arkansas regiment was much exposed on the left, I retired my whole line slowly and in order and formed in a more advantageous position, a short distance in the rear of the first, thinking the enemy would attack; but after skirmishing for a short time he retired with his whole command, moving off across open fields on the Ebenezer road, leaving his dead and part of his wound in our hands.

Lieutenant-Colonel Moorman did not reach the field until two hours after the fight closed, and I was thus deprived of the aid of more than one-third of my force.

My command having been without rations or forage for twenty-four hours, and jaded by want of rest, and the enemy moving off in such order as to preclude successful attack in flank or rear, I did not pursue that evening, but sent Moorman's battalion next morning in pursuit, and moved the remainder of the command to a position to cover the Central railroad and Big Black bridge and protect the county of Madison. The enemy made a forced march of twenty-seven miles from 2 o'clock on the afternoon of the 2nd, making fifty miles that day, and starting before daylight the next morning, hastened on to Vicksburg, outstripping all pursuit.

I inclose chief surgeon's report of the casualties of my command.* The loss of the enemy was not accurately ascertained, but was doubtless larger than our own.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WIRT ADAMS,

Brigadier-General.

Captain P. ELLIS, Jr.,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of Miss. and East La., Jackson, Miss.

DECEMBER 25, 1864.-Skirmish near White's Station, Tenn.

Report of Colonel John W. Noble, third Iowa Cavalry.

COLONEL NOBLE'S HEADQUARTERS,

December 25, 1864.

My patrol of thirty men went out about White's Station this morning. There, to the number of about 100, the advance guard drove in the picket, and were captured. A party of our flankers were also taken in. After skirmishing some time with the rebel force, the officer and the balance of the patrol came to camp. Loss, 17 men, 1 wounded, and horses, &amp;c. Rebel loss unknown, if any. Have 150 men out to redeem the officer, if possible. I don't think [he is] to black. The result is that of being outnumbered and outwitted, without being surprised. The rebels were seen, but not supposed to number as many as they proved.

NOBLE,

Colonel.

Major MORGAN.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 3 officers and 12 men wounded, 2 officers and 5 men killed, total, 22.

---------------

