
manding. The regiment is divided and stationed as follows: Two companies on the mountain opposite to the railroad bridge; one company on Lookout Creek; seven companies occupy the four block-houses at the bridge. The block-houses are not completed, requiring yet to be double-cased and furnished with tanks for water.

The garrison and troops at Bridgeport, Ala., consist of the Fifteenth Regiment Kentucky Infantry, Battery B, First Regiment Ohio Volunteer Artillery, Ninth Independent Battery Ohio Volunteer Artillery, and three siege pieces, Colonel Taylor, Fifteenth Regiment Kentucky Volunteer Infantry, commanding. The inclosed report shows their further disposition. There is also a detachment of the Fifty-first Regiment Indiana Volunteer Infantry, under command of Colonel Straight, awaiting transportation to join their command-Third Division, Fourth Army Corps. The forts and block-houses are in good order, but one fort, No 1, is still unfinished. The detail for picket and other duties has been comparatively very heavy, so much so that it was impossible to furnish the necessary detail for working parties at the fort. For the same reason the policing of the grounds at post at Bridgeport has been other neglected. There are two hospitals located at Bridgeport, one general field hospital and one for the post, the former of which I think might be dispensed with, if it be advisable to transport the sick treated there.

As the report shows, the term of service of the Fifteenth Regiment Kentucky Volunteer Infantry expires on the 4th of next month. On that account it would be desirable to have another command designated to take this place; if possible, a large command, in order ot have force enough to properly police the grounds and do the necessary work to complete the fort. The reports regarding the troops at the post and garrison of Chattanooga have been taken from the last reports received at these headquarters.

The Sixty-eighth Regiment Indiana Volunteer Infantry is reported as part of the garrison of Chattanooga, Tenn., but as present absent on detached duty at Tunnel Hill, Ga.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. VON SCHRADER,

Lieutenant Colonel and Asst. Insp. General, Department of the Cumberland.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

Troops stationed at Chattanooga, Whiteside's, and Bridgeport.

Command	 Present	 Aggreg-	 When	 Station	 Remarks

 for duty	 gate	 mustered

 	 present

 	 and

 	 absent

29th Indiana	 321	 517	 Aug. 17,	 Chatta-	 Veteran

Volunteer	 	 	 1861,	 nooga,	 organi-

Infantry	 	 	 and	 Tenn	 zation;

 	 	 Jan.,	 	 fully

 	 	 1864.	 	 organi-

 	 	 	 	 zed

44th Indiana	 297	 503	 Jan.,	 ..do.. 	 Do

Volunteer	 	 	 1864

Infantry

68th Indiana	 255	 448	 By	 ..do..	 Fully

Volunteer	 	 	 compa-	 	 organi-

Infantry	 	 	 nies,	 	 zed

 	 	 Dec. 22,

 	 	 1861, to

 	 	 Aug. 10,

 	 	 1862

11th Michigan	 88	 149	 ........	 ..do..	 Deta-

Volunteer	 	 	 	 	 chment

Infantry

