
wounded, and missing, this regiment protecting the rear on the march. Moved thence to Columbia, crossed the river, and marched to a point eight miles northeast from Columbia.

November 28. - The command was turned over to Colonel R. R. Stewart, Eleventh Indiana Cavalry, and the regiments near Columbia directed to report to him at Snow Creek, about twelve miles below Columbia, on the Duck River.

November 29. - The command moved out, passing through Spring Hill, and reached Franklin the same day at 4 p. m.; continued to Brentwood, and went into camp.

December 2. - The command reached Nashville, having fallen back in front of Hood's army from Florence, Ala. Remained at Edgefield, opposite Nashville, until the 12th, when the Cavalry Cops recrossed the Cumberland and took position on the lines in front of Nashville.

December 15. - The brigade was posted on the right of the entire line. At the first charge the enemy's lines were forced and turned to the left. Three batteries, mounting 12 guns, were captured by the command this day, and several hundred prisoners.

December 16. - The enemy's entire line gave way and sharp skirmishing kept up during the night, when his rear guard was overtaken, and after a severe engagement our troops encamped on the position they occupied. The command moved on through Franklin, crossing Harpeth Creek, and encountering the enemy in forced; 3 pieces of artillery were captured and a number of prisoners.

December 25. - A force under Cheatham was met about five miles north of Pulaski, and a sharp skirmish ensued. A portion of the same command was again overtaken at Sugar Creek, and driven, our troops encamping on the ground they occupied.

December 30. - The brigade encamped at Taylor's Springs.

December 31. - Moved to the east side of Elk river and encamped.

January 1, 1865. - The brigade was encamped on the east side of Elk River under orders to march to Huntsville, Ala.; marched to within nineteen miles, when the order was revoked and the command moved back to Elk River, and remained two days in camp. From there marched for Eastport and encamped three days at Waterloo, reaching this point on the 10th.

January 14. - From Waterloo the command moved to Gravelly Springs, Ala., about ten miles above Eastport, and remained there during the month.

Sixth Division.

November 1 to 15. - Capron's brigade (Eighth Michigan, Fourteenth and Sixteenth Illinois Cavalry Regiments) lay at Pulaski, Tenn., scouting toward Tennessee River and patrolling the country to its right.

November 15.- It moved to Mount Pleasant, Tenn., and from there on the 17th instant to Waynesborough, which place it reached on the 18th.

November 21. - It fell back toward Mount Pleasant, eight miles south of that place.

November 23. - It was attacked by the enemy's cavalry, before whom it was compelled to fall back through Mount Pleasant, reaching Columbia on the 24th.

November 24.- The Fifth Iowa Cavalry reported, and Brigadier General R. W. Johnson assumed command of this brigade and Croxton's brigade, of the First Division. On that afternoon the cavalry was withdrawn

