
officers, have rendered the organization and equipment of the convalescents especially tedious and protracted. It is now hoped that it will be perfected in a very few days. My plan of organization is, briefly, this: The formation of a demi-brigade from each corps, to be styled the Convalescent Brigade, Fourteenth Corps, &amp;c. (following the number of the corps.) Each brigade will consist of three battalions, representing the First Second, and Third Division of the corps, and numbered correspondingly, the brigades to be commanded by field officers, if possible, and the battalions by captains, if practicable. Each of these brigades will need an adjutant, quartermaster, and commissary, to be detailed from lieutenants, and each battalion a small staff, similar to a regimental staff. I am proceeding upon this plan as the one best calculated to make an effective organization. In addition to attempting the organization of the corp's convalescents (under orders from Major-General Steedman, commanding District of the Etowah), I have received and forwarded to their commands a large portion of the recruits arriving from the rear. These recruits shipped to front form my camps since 1st instant is 2,151. About one-half these men were armed here, or the arms sent with the men in cases by rail. This duty has required a great deal of labor and much night work. By the last trains that went to the front about 1,000 of these troops were shipped. The town and post is quiet clear of all able-bodied soldiers belonging to Fourteenth, Fifteenth, Seventeenth, and Twentieth Corps, except a few small detachments that have arrived since the communication to the front ceased, or were on some guard duty at places unknown at the time. There may be, say, of the latter some 300 in all. From the troops going to front, and to some extent from convalescents, details for fatigue duty at the post have been daily furnished to aid in loading supplies for front, &c. The post authorities and the officers at headquarters District of the Etowah have rendered me all the assistance in their power, as well as the officers on the staff of the department commander.

Regular camp duties, guard mounting, &c., are practiced in the camps, and so soon as arms are had, regular drills will be commenced. If there can be a few days allowed to fully organize and equip these troops, they will, in my judgement, be fit for garrison duty effectively. The object was to send every man to the front that could possibly perform ordinary field service, and this has been done.

Very respectfully, your, &c.,

CHARLES CRUFT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF ARTILLERY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, Tenn., November 14, 1864.

General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, Dept. of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: In accordance with the orders of the commanding general, I would respectfully recommend the following consolidations of the artillery of the department, viz: That the Eleventh Indiana Battery be consolidated with the Eighteenth Indiana on the expiration of the former's term of service. The men of the Eleventh Indiana Battery whose term exceeds that of the company have been attached to the Eighteenth Battery. That the organization of the Third Wisconsin Battery be broken up and the enlisted men assigned to the Eighth

