
Wisconsin Battery, now at Murfreesborough. The few men remaining on the expiration of the term of service of the Eighth Indiana Battery can be assigned, when the time comes, to one of the Indiana batteries remaining in service. The batteries from the States of New York, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Illinois, Ohio, Kentucky, and Minnesota are, in my opinion, sufficiently strong to maintain their organization and perform any duty assigned them. The only battery from the State of Missouri-Company G, First Regiment Missouri Volunteer Artillery-is but ninety-two enlisted men strong; but there being no other battery from that State in the department, I know of no means by which its strength can be increased, unless by successful recruiting in the State.

I would respectfully request information as to whether to Nashville. It batteries are to be organized at this post or forwarded to Nashville. It is my intention, with the commanding general's approval, to organized the following batteries as reserve light artillery, they being sufficiently strong to warrant their being so equipped: Company K, Fifth U. S. Artillery; Company M, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery; Company I, First Michigan Volunteer Artillery-Twentieth Army Corps; the Seventh and Twentieth Indiana Volunteer Batteries-Fourteenth Army Corps; Company I, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery; and the Eighteenth Ohio Battery. I would desire information on this point as early as practicable, to enable the batteries information on this point as early as practicable, to enable the batteries to build huts and established themselves for the winter. This point I consider more desirable than Nashville, from the fact that several batteries of the Army of the Tennessee are now en route to Nashville to winter at that post.

J. M. BRANNAN,

Brigadier General and Chief of Artillery, Dept. of the Cumberland.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, November 14, 1864-9 a. m.

Colonel W. W. WRIGHT,

Chief Engineer, Dept. of the Cumberland, Chattanooga:

As soon as you can get back to Chattanooga the debris of the Chattanooga and Atlanta Railroad, I wish you to put on the Tennessee and Alabama road as large a force as you can work.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, November 14, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

I have one division loaded on the cars here, and can start them at once to the Tennessee and Alabama road. Shall I do so?

W. W. WRIGHT,

Colonel and Chief Engineer.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, November 14, 1864-12 m.

Colonel W. W. WRIGHT,

Chattanooga:

You had better start the division at once, either to Athens or Pulaski, whichever you think most convenient.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

