
CHATTANOOGA, November 14, 1864.

(Received 15th.)

Major-General THOMAS:

I will send this division to Pulaski; and if you want more men sent I can send another division to Athens as soon as they come in from the Atlanta road.

W. W. WRIGHT,

Colonel and Chief Engineer.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 14, 1864-9.30 p. m.

(Received 11 p. m.)

Major THOMAS T. ECKERT:

Nothing of importance from Hood or our force in his front. From operator at Strawberry Plains I have reports that enemy under Breckinridge attacked General Gillem's command at Bull's Gap, and forced him to fall back toward Knoxville; that at Morristown he attempted to check Breckinridge, and formed his line, but his cavalry gave way entirely, and he lost his artillery and transportation, with large number of men, barely escaping himself. Enemy at New Market now. This may be somewhat overdrawn, but we have no doubt caught a drubbing, and lost for the present East Tennessee.

J. C. VAN DUZER.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Pulaski, Tenn., November 14, 1864.

Major General G. H. THOMAS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I desire to submit for your consideration and action the following facts relative to the forces now operating in East Tennessee: During the last summer's campaign, and up to the present time, I have been able to leave in East Tennessee only the artillery and infantry necessary to garrison important points and one regiment of mounted troops (the Tenth Michigan Cavalry) to keep open the important lines of communication. This left a considerable portion of East Tennessee subject to the incursions of rebel cavalry. Early in the summer His Excellency Governor Johnson sent to East Tennessee a brigade of the Governor's Guard, under command of Brigadier General A. C. Gillem, which force has, up to the present time, began operating against the enemy's cavalry in the extreme northeastern part of the State, and has, from all accounts, done efficient service. But, General Gillem's force being inferior in strength to that of the enemy, co-operation between him and General Ammen, commanding the District of East Tennessee, has been constantly necessary, and has led to such imperfect results only as may be expected from co-operation of independent commanders. To guard against the evil that might result from want of united action in East Tennessee during the recent movement of the enemy upon General Sherman's rear, I directed General Ammen to assume command of General Gillem's troops. This order was given in accordance with the general military principle embodied in the Sixty-second Article of War, and was only intended to meet the then existing emergency. This I explained to Governor Johnson in reply to a communication from him on the subject, and assured him that I had no desire to divert the Gov-

