
ernor's Guard from the special service for which it was organized, and that his order withdrawing General Gillem's troops from the command of General Ammen would be respected by the latter whenever it might be made. I have hear nothing further from the Governor on the subject, and hence infer that the present arrangement is satisfactory to him. I am not informed how long the Governor proposes to leave General Gillem's command in East Tennessee, and hence am at some loss to know what arrangements I must make for the protection of that portion of my department. If General Gillem's brigade remains there, I can put an equivalent force into the Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, provided that brigade be left under my command, so as to secure that united action without which success in military operations cannot be expected.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, November 14, 1864-9 a. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Pulaski:

Your dispatch of yesterday just received.* All right. Have the country toward Waynesborough well scouted until I can get some more of Wilson's cavalry down. I have directed that forage be sent to Pulaski for Hatch's command, and I wish Stanley to have it hauled to him until he gets his wagons from Memphis.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

PULASKI, November 14, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville:

I have sent Colonel Capron, with his whole brigade, to Mount Pleasant, with orders to encamp as far in front of that place as he can find forage, and scout well toward Waynesborough. Stanley has good position here, and well fortified. I will put General Cox about four miles north of this place, covering a road from Lawrenceburg. Stanley will have forage hauled to Hatch.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, November 14, 1864-7 p. m.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Pulaski:

Your telegram of to-day is received. All right. General Ammen telegraphs General Steedman that Gillem was attacked last night at 12 o'clock, and lost his artillery, at Morristown. A thousand of his troops arrived at Strawberry Plains. Ammen had sent some infantry to Morristown to Gillem's support; they were in the fight, and reported

---------------

*See Vol. XXXIX, Part III, p. 766.

---------------

