HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Taylor's Springs, November 14, 1864-2 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville:

Not being satisfied with the appearance of the enemy's forces last evening, I ordered General Croxton to attack the enemy's pickets at crossing of the Huntsville road last night. He did so, driving in the enemy's pickets, capturing a prisoner of the Twenty-eighth Mississippi [Cavalry], a Russian and resident of Saint Louis. As I have much reliance in the man's statement, I forward it. He reports as follows: Lee's corps is on this side of the Tennessee River. Stewart's corps attempting to cross on the 12th, the brigade gave way; was repaired that night, and again broke on the 13th; was repaired again yesterday; the corps was to cross that night. The river has risen eighteen feet at Florence; the pontoon is held with difficulty. Armstrong's brigade, of Jackson's cavalry, is on this side; consists of the First, Second, Third, and Twenty-eighth Mississippi and Ballentine's regiment. Ross brigade is at Tuscumbia. These two brigades belong to Jackson's division. Roddey's division is near Tuscumbia. Forrest and his command is looked for daily. The men have been told Forrest is to take them on a great raid as far as the Ohio. Hood, he thinks, is to go to Nashville. A scout of thirty men from his regiment have gone to Columbia. Two men of this with dispatches. The entire command has been issued full suits of clothing. Beauregard was at Tuscumbia. He was told when Forrest arrived the cavalry would number 12,000 to 15,000. Beauregaed made a speech at Tuscumbia, saying he meant ot go to the Ohio River. Most of the rebel army has not been paid for fourteen months. Their cavalry horses are mostly in a low condition; the artillery horses are good, and have been recently drawn. Believing the present indications are that the enemy intend an early advance, I am falling in the crossings of the creek. At 10 o'clock last night the enemy had such an extended line of camp-fires, and so much brighter than usual, I was under the impression it was a ruse to cover a movement to the rear, but since this attack of Croxton's, believe the increase of camp-fire is owing to fresh arrivals of troops from the south side of the river, and the night, which is cooler than usual. Our pickets and the enemy's are in talking distance of each other; and should the enemy move to the rear, they will scarcely escape me without our knowing it-in either case it looks like work to-morrow.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

(Copy to Major-General Stanely, Pulaski.)

NASHVILLE, November 14, 1864.

(Via Pulaski.)

Brigadier General E. HATCH,

Taylor's Springs:

Your telegram of 2 a. m. to-day is recived. Keep a good lookout. Report all you observe to General Schofield, at Pulaski, as well as myself.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

