
DECATUR, ALA., November 14, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Mr. D. P. Lewis, from Tuscumbia, just arrived here. He left there Saturday last about 1 p. m. Hood's headquarters were then at South Florence. Two corps he represents as being at and around Tuscumbia-Cheatham's and Stewart's-and one corps lies over the river. He states that the men of his command said Hood told them the day before they were going into Tennessee. There was no appearance or talk of their returning to Georgia or moving in this direction. Colonel Prosser has returned from a scout on the Courtland road. He skirmished with a regiment of Roddey's command. He reports Roddy's whole force between Courtland and this place; have no intimation that Hood is on the road. Roddey's force was coming in all last night. Mr. Lewis states that he was a member of the provisional congress and resigner at the end of the first session, and was afterward appointed circuit judge. Mr. Lewis leaves Tuscumbia with a view of settling in Tennessee or Kentucky.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

DECATUR, November 14, 1864-3.30 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

A Union lady, who has given us always reliable information, has just returned this eve from Somerville, and reports no enemy there or in that neighborhood. She saw only an occasional straggler, and heard no animation of the movements of Hood this way, which she thinks she would had there been any movement of that kind on foot. I forgot to mention in my last telegram that Mr. D. P. Lewis reported Forrest was moving up toward Tuscumbia; that the army there was badly supplied, receiving all their supplies by wagon train from Cherokee Station, and the height water had interrupted them for two or three days. Mr. Lewis is known by a daguerreotypist here who has been a refugee for a year, and who says he is reliable Union man. I shall telegraph to Huntsville to learn more about him to-night. I am inclined to believe his statements. We have made considerable progress in repairing our defenses, and are in other respects in excellent condition. River still high. Mr. Lewis also says that on Friday another corps was ordered over river, but the order was afterward countermanded.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, November 14, 1864-7 p. m.

Brigadier-General GRANGER,

Decatur:

Your telegram of 3.30 p. m. received. Ask Mr. Lewis where Hood's bridge is with reference to the old railroad bridge, how constructed, and if he thinks it could be easily destroyed. Notwithstanding what he tells you of Hood's movements, I want you always to be prepared.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

