
across Duck River, and remained in bivouac opposite Columbia until the 27th, when the First Brigade was moved to the crossing of the Lewisburg and Franklin turnpike with Duck River.

November 28. - The Seventh Ohio Cavalry reported. On the evening of that day the enemy forced the crossing of Duck River and pressed our troops back as far as Hurt's house, near which place all of the cavalry then present were on that night concentrated.

November 29. - Retired before the enemy to Mathing's house, three miles from and east of Franklin.

November 30. - The battle of Franklin occurred. The Fifth Iowa Cavalry held the extreme right of the army and skirmished heavily with the enemy; the other regiments were on the extreme left and were not engaged.

December 1. - After the battle of Franklin this division-only the Eighth Michigan, Fourteenth and Sixteenth Illinois, Fifth Iowa, and Seventh Ohio Cavalry being present - fell back with the army to Mill Creek, and on the 2nd to Nashville, Tenn., crossing the river and going into camp at Edgefield, Tenn., on the morning of that day, where we remained ten days. The Sixth Indiana Cavalry joined (dismounted) on the 7th instant, and the Thrid Tennessee Cavalry, dismounted and partially disarmed, on the 13th instant. Battery I, Fourth U. S. Artillery, joined the command on the 5th instant. The ten days of rest allowed was devoted to recuperating and reechoing horses and equipping and clothing the men. To increase the efficiency of the troops, none of the regiments being fully mounted, the Eighth Michigan and Fourteenth Illinois Cavalry were dismounted and their horses transferred to the other regiments. Two brigades were organized for the purpose of the anticipated operations - one mounted, consisting of the man of Colonel T. J. Harrison, Eighth Indiana Cavalry; the other dismounted, consisting of the Fourteenth Illinois, Sixth Indiana, Thrid Tennessee, and Eighth Michigan Cavalry, under command of Colonel James Biddle, Sixth Indiana Cavalry.

December 12. - Crossed the Cumberland River and took position in Battle of Nashville, on the extreme right, covering Charlotte pike.

December 15. - Advanced, and after sharp fighting drove the enemy before us as far as Davidson's house, four miles, capturing 50 horses, some prisoners, and a battery of six guns.

December 16. - Following the retreating enemy with mounted brigade and battery; engaged the enemy at Murray's house, on Little Harpeth River.

December 17. - Engaged the enemy at Franklin, Tenn.

December 19. - Engaged the enemy at Spring Hill and drove him.

Here Brigadier-General Johnson was ordered to Nashville, Tenn., to see to mounting his dismounted brigade, while the First Brigade and battery move on in the pursuit.

December 25. - Engaged the enemy at crossing of Richmond Creek, near Pulaski, capturing many wagons and a large amount of ordnance stores, and at Devil's Gap, six miles below Pulaski, on the Lamb's Ferry road, a second severe engagement, in which were lost 3 killed and 18 wounded.

At the date of this report [December 31], having followed the retreating enemy to the Tennessee River, the mounted brigade is encamped near Elk River, in Alabama, on the road from Florence to Athens, Ala., via Rogersville; the other troops are at Edgefield, where also the headquarters of the division are.

