
troops whose tears are expiring will reduce the force in Kentucky perhaps somewhat below the necessities of the district. But I have ordered home four old infantry regiments (the Eleventh, Fourteenth, Twentieth, and Twenty-seventh), which still have a short time to serve; and, by the time they have to be mustered out, the regiments now going out will probably be reorganized. General Wilson is very anxious to get the Eleventh Michigan and Twelfth Ohio, but I have declined to give them to him for the present. After you have become will acquainted with the condition of affairs in the State, please inform me whether you think those regiments can be spared. I think it probable more troops may be needed in East Tennessee. According to last accounts General Gillem was getting pretty roughly handled.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MILITARY DIST. OF KENTUCKY,Numbers 62. Lexington, Ky., November 14, 1864.

* * * * *

VII. The Twentieth Kentucky Infantry Volunteers is assigned to the Second Division, Military District of Kentucky. The commanding officer of the regiment will report in person to Brigadier General Hugh Ewing, commanding Second Division, for orders.

* * * * *

By command of Brevet-Major Burbridge:

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, November 14, 1864.

Major-General STONEMAN,

Louisville:

General Gillem was routed last night near Morristown, his cavalry running over the infantry I sent to support him, which, I fear, is captured. Breckinridge is said to be in command of 2,000 to 8,000; numbers not reliable.

J. AMMEN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

STRAWBERRY PLAINS, November 14, 1864.

Captain W. P. AMMEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

From all we could learn to-day in moving down through woods, &amp;c., the rebel cavalry was mostly at Morristown; 100 would cover all this side. At 3 p. m. they sent a scout to Bend of Chucky. this a. m. at daybreak there were fifteen at New Market, who said that their forces would come no farther than Morristown or General Ammen would be after them. A woman states that their infantry and one battery was at Buyll's Gap fortifying. She said she came from Saint Clair to-day. We did not lose but three of Tenth Michigan and Second Ohio, as we can learn, and think that Kirk will come on all right.

N. A. REED,

Aide-de-Camp.

