
CITY POINT, November 15, 1864-11 a. m.*

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville:

If Hood commences falling back, it will not do to wait for the full equipment of your cavalry to follow. He should, in that event, be pressed with such forces as you can bring to bear upon him.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

NASHVILLE, November 15, 1864-4 p. m.

(Received 10.30 a. m. 16th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

Your telegram of this morning just received. I am watching Hood closely, and, should he move after General Sherman, will follow him with what force I can raise at hand. The reports this morning are that he is moving in the direction of Waynesborough. A cavalry force has been sent to ascertain the true state of facts.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 15, 1864-10 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

The following dispatch received this a. m. from General Hatch:

Colonel Coon, commanding brigade on my right, reports the enemy moving cavalry and infantry in force up the Waynesborough and Florence road. I am moving my entire force in that direction. His reports indicated all of Hood's army in motion toward Columbia.

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

This movement can scarcely be more than a foraging expedition, as Hood would hardly attempt to advance on that road, and therefore presume it is a feint; but I have given orders to have him watched, and will take advantage of the first opportunity to strike him, if he expose himself.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 15, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

The following telegram, received this a. m., forwarded for your information.+

After telegraphing you last night I received two other dispatches from entirely different sources, confirming the report of the present position of the enemy, as reported by General Granger.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

---------------

*In reply to Thomas of November 13, 10 p. m., Vol. XXXIX, Part III, p. 764.

---------------

+For Ammen's dispatch (here omitted), see Steedman to Whipple, November 14, p. 890.

