
NASHVILLE, TENN., November 15, 1864-10.30 p. m.

(Received 11.45 p. m.)

Major THOMAS T. ECKERT,

Washington, D. C.:

Further reports from Knoxville state that the loss in killed, wounded, and missing will not exceed 300, but that all our transportation and artillery was captured. Breckinridge's from is estimated at 5,000 to 8,000, and is reported crossing Holston River, twelve miles above Strawberry Plains, threatening Cumberland Gap. Colonel Brownlow is only field officer missing, supposed to be prisoner. Hood making no movement; river too high yet; but small cavalry force attacked wagon train near Columbia to-day and were whipped by guard.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

NASHVILLE, November 15, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Pulaski:

To be forwarded to General Hatch for his information.

DECATUR, November 14, 1864.

Lieutenant B. E. Shaw, Second Michigan Cavalry, is just in. He escaped from the enemy at Cherokee Station on Thursday evening last. He reports one corps (Lee's) across the river; Stewart's and Cheatham's corps were about Tuscumbia. He says the impression among the men was they were going into West Tennessee. He passed, on his way to Cherokee Station from Tuscumbia, a train of, he supposed, 700 wagons, without a guard-the largest, he says, he ever saw. He reports a large regiment at Moulton, and a brigade between this place and Courtland. He heard nothing of the movements of Hodd this way.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

This statement of Lieutenant Shaw is confirmed by a citizen who has reached Decatur a few hours previous. I therefore believe that the story of the Russian prisoner to General Hatch is substantially true, and that the general may take such measures accordingly at to enable him to act with the great force and with the greatest effect against the enemy's position.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

NASHVILLE, November 15, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Pulaski:

The following dispatch received. The major-general commanding directs that you send to New Market and find the rebel force spoken of, and notify General Granger.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General.

DECATUR, November 15, 1864.

Major-General ROUSSEAU:

Colonels Russell, Mead, and Johnson, with their combined forces, 600 strong, were at New Market on Thursday, November 11. They are conscripting largely. My informant is reliable; he counted the force as they passed his house.

ED. W. BLAKE,

Commanding Thirteenth Wisconsin Volunteers.

