
NASHVILLE, November 15, 1864-10 p. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Pulaski:

Your two dispatches of this date received. The Fifth Tennessee will be sent to you as soon as it can be placed in condition to move; it is now very badly off for everything. You need not send any cavalry to New Market for the present, until you ascertain positively whether or not Hood is moving. The whole of the cavalry should be kept in front.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 154. Pulaski, Tenn., November 15, 1864.

* * * * *

II. The commanding officer of the section of the Twenty-fourth Indiana Battery now with the Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, will turn over to the other batteries of said division, under the direction of Major H. W. Wells, chief of artillery, the horses belonging to the section, and will proceed without delay, with the guns, &amp;c., to Columbia, Tenn., and report to Colonel S. A. Strickland, commanding Third Brigade, Second Division, for duty. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

CLINTON A. CILLEY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

PULASKI, TENN., November 15, 1864.

Colonel STRICKLAND,

Commanding Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

It is reported that Hood started from Florence yesterday on the Waynesborough road. He will probably strike for Columbia; if so, we will meet him there. I want you to intrench a strong bridge-head to cover the crossing of the river at Columbia. Keep the pontoons in order, and have the railroad bridge floored, so that we can use it for crossing troops and trains if necessary. Send the accompanying dispatch* to Colonel Capron; he left here with his brigade yesterday and should be near Mount Pleasant to-day. Answer.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

PULASKI, November 15, 1864.

Colonel CAPRON,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade, Mount Pleasant.

General Hatch reports cavalry and infantry moving from Florence toward Waynesborough. I think Hood's entire army is moving toward Columbia. General Hatch is moving his entire force in that

---------------

*See next, post.

---------------

