
direction, communicate with him as soon as practicable, and when your forces meet act under his orders. Push out well to the front; keep in presence of the enemy, and inform me of his movements, also inform Colonel Strickland, at Columbia.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Pulaski, Tenn., November 15, 1864.

Brigadier General EDWARD HATCH,

Commanding Cavalry Division, Taylor's Springs:

GENERAL: I have just received your dispatch to General Stanely, dated 1 a. m. to-day, giving the information from Colonel Coon of the enemy's movement toward Waynesborough. I send you a copy of a dispatch from General Thomas, giving information sent by General Granger.* This appears to be not later than last Thursday, since which time Hood may have crossed his whole army, and be now moving north from Florence. Yesterday I sent Colonel Capron with his brigade to Mount Pleasant, with orders to scout toward Waynesborough, and have now sent him the substance of your dispatch, with orders to communicate with you and act under your orders when your forces meet. Please advise me frequently of the enemy's movements, in order that I may meet him on whatever road he may take.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Near Bough's Mills, November 15, 1864-2 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

I am extending my right flank. Learn that the movement of cavalry and infantry on the Florence and Waynesborough road yesterday was only reconnaissance in force. Lee's corps alone was all there was of the enemy's infantry yesterday on this side of the Tennessee River. A prisoner just taken reports the pickets from the military road are from Johnson's division, of Lee's corps.

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

(Same to General Schofield, Pulaski.)
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, DIVISION,Near Bough's Mills, November 15, 1864-2 p. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding, Pulaksi, Tenn.:

I have not cavalry enough to close in my right to the Tennessee River. If you could spare me Capron's brigade think we can close them in so effectually not a forage party can get out of Florence without a fight for it.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*See p. 896.

---------------

