
DECATUR, November 15, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Two negroes came in late last night from Tuscumbia; they left there Sunday night last; everything was quiet; been no movement for several days.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Same to Major-General Rousseau.)

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 15, 1864.

Brigadier General R. S. GRANGER,

Decatur:

General Thomas has telegraphed General Schofield to look after the force in the vicinity of New Market.

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH,Chattanooga, November 15, 1864.

Colonel CULVER,

Thirteenth Michigan Volunteers:

COLONEL: You will proceed with your command by rail to Dalton. On your arrival at that place you will assume command of the post and garrison, making such disposition of your troops and giving such orders as in your opinion may be necessary to protect the railroad and trains and cover the withdrawal of the troops at Resaca and Tilton. You will report promptly by telegraph and approach or movements of the enemy may hear of.

By command of Major-General Steedman:

M. DAVIS,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. POST OF MURFREESBOROUGH,Numbers 319. Murfreesborough, Tenn., November 15, 1864.

IV. Pursuant to instructions from Major-General Milroy, Colonel Thomas C. Boone, commanding One hundred and fifteenth Ohio Volunteers, is directed to detail a garrison of about twenty men to be stationed at Christian, and a like force to be stationed at Fosterville. Both stations will be under command of an intelligent and reliable officer, to be selected by Colonel Boone. The men will be instructed to protect the wood-yards, water-tanks. telegraph office, and all other Government property, and to patrol the railroad twice during the night, connecting with the patrols from Stone's River bridge and the block-house at Bell Buckle Creek. The command will at once construct winter quarters, which will serve at the same time the purpose of defense and comfort. They should be constructed of logs and loop-holden for musketry. This order will be carried into effect with the least possible delay.

By command of Brigadier-General Van Cleve:

E. A. OTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

