
Orders, Numbers 79, headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, pursuant to authority granted by the Secretary of War, dated March 28, 1863, placing the command under the exclusive control and orders of Brigadier-General Johnson, to whom General Gillem reports. Sunday, November 13, I sent a railroad train with provisions and ammunition to General Gillem, at Bull's Gap, guarded by 300 men, under the command of Major Smith, Tenth Michigan, and accompanied by Lieutenant N. A. Reed, aide-de-camp. The train proceeded to Morristown and halted to await the return of couriers sent to the Gap. Soon after the return of the couriers General Gillem with a part of his command reached Morristown, pursued by the enemy. The force under Major Smith checked the pursuit, but the cavalry could not be rallied to make a stand; retreated, throwing away guns, &amp;c. His battery (six pieces) and his wagon train were captured. He is here and his men are coming in. The loss, except in guns, horses, &c., will probably be less than was expected. The railroad train with provisions and ammunition backed out and retruded without loss or injury. The train left Major Smith and his command, but he withdrew in good order, and arrived at Strawberry Plains the afternoon of the 14th. Major Smith and Lieutenant Reed deserve great credit for their courage, skill, and success. Report a loss of only three. The enemy was commanded by General Breckinridge, probably 3,000 or 4,000, halt being engaged. I have force to hold this place, and probably Strawberry Plains, but cannot advance to drive the enemy from the country without an additional force of 1,000 or 2,000. There is a large amount of corn along the French Broad, which I expected to collect at this place, but with my present force and the force of the rebels in my front this will not probably be practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. AMMEN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Fourth Division.

KNOXVILLE, TENN, November 15, 1864.

Colonel TROWBRIDGE,

Commanding Strawberry Plains:

Smith and Reed have arrived. Keep you scouts well out, and have everything ready to fall back on this place if you find certainly that the enemy are coming on this side of the river in very large force, so that the Plains cannot be held. Do you want more men, ammunition or rations? Keep me advised.

J. AMMEN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

CUMBERLAND GAP, November 15, 1864.

Captain W. P. AMMEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Have you anything additional from Morristown? Three hundred rebels up the valley trying to capture forage train; they will not succeed. Three hundred more reported in Harlan County; don't credit the report.

W. Y. DILLARD,

Colonel, &c.

