
Battery Jones will turn over to Captain W. A. Naylor, Tenth Indiana Battery, commanding gun-boat Stone river, two 24-pounder howitzers, with gun equipments and ammunition only; receiving from ordnance department one 12-pounder howitzer, from Captain E. C. Bainbridge, Fifth Artillery, one 20-pounder Parrott gun, with carriages, caissons, ammunition, and equipments complete; to ordnance depot, on inventory and inspection reports, all ordnance and ordnance stores of that battery not pertaining to its actual armament. The comamnding officer Fort Lytle will turn over to comamnding officer Redoubt Putnam two 4 1/2-ich guns, with carriages, caissons, ammunition, and equipments complete, to commanding officer Fort Creighton one light 12-pounder gun, with carriage, caisson, ammunition, and equipments complete, to the ordnance depot, Chattanooga, on inventory and inspection reports, all ordnance and ordnance stores of the battery not pertaining to its actual armament, receiving from Captain E. D. Bainbridge, Fifth Artillery, three 20-pounder Parrott guns, with carriages, caissons, ammunition, and equipments complete. The commanding officer Fort Mihalotzy will turn over to the ordnance depot, Chattanooga, on inventory and inspection reports, four James rifles, with carriages, caissons, ammunition, and equipments complete, as also all ordnance and ordnance stores of the battery not pertaining to its actual armament, receiving from the ordnance department four 3-inch Rodman guns, with carriages, caissons, ammunition, and equipments complete. The commanding officer Redoubt Oolidge will turn in tot he ordnance depot, Chattanooga, Tenn., on inventory and inspection reports, two light 12-pounder guns, with carriages, caissons, ammunition, and equipment, also all ordnance and ordnance stores of the battery not pertaining to it actual armament, receiving from the ordnance department two 3-inch Rodman guns, with carriages, caissons, ammunition, and equipments complete. The commanding officer Redoubt Carpenter will turn over to the ordnance depot, Chattanooga, on inventory and inspection reports, two James rifles, with carriages, caissons, ammunition, and equipments, as also all ordnance and ordnance stores of the battery not pertaining to its actual armament, receiving from the ordnance department two 3-inch Rodman guns, with carriages, caissons, ammunition, and equipments complete.

II. Captain W. A. Naylor, Tenth Indiana Battery, commanding U. S. gun-boat Stone River, will turn in to the ordnance depot, Chattanooga, Tenn., six 10-pounder Parrott guns, with ammunition and equipments, receiving from the ordnance department two 20-pounder Parrott guns, with ammunition and equipments,a nd from commanding officer Battery Jones two 24-pounder howitzers, with ammunition and equipments.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

J. M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier General and Chief of Artillery, Dept. of the Cumberland.

LOUISVILLE, November 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General WEBSTER:

Shall I direct all officers and detachments of this army arriving here to report to Major-General Thomas.

W. T. CLARK,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

