
sance, and that only Lee's corps is on this side of the river, at Florence. The report, I presume, is correct. I have heard nothing of Capron yet, but expect a report soon. I have ordered him to communicate with Hatch, and, if they unite, to act under his orders. If Forrest is not this side of the river Hatch may be able to accomplish his purpose of enveloping Florence.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

PULASKI, TENN., November 16, 1864.

Colonel S. A. STRICKLAND,

Columbia:

Your dispatch of to-day received. The general desires the bridge made secure for artillery.

WM. M. WHERRY,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 155. Pulaski, Tenn., November 16, 1864.

* * * *

VI. In collecting forage from the country in this vicinity citizens must not be deprived of the necessary forage for their animals and food for their families. Foraging parties will take only the surplus over that required by the citizens for private use. Foraging parties must invariably be in charge of commissioned officers, who will be held responsible that no unauthorized acts are committed by the men under their charge. Receipts will in all cases be given for the forage for animals, will be taken for the use of the troops, unless, in special cases of necessity, it be ordered by the highest commander present. Irregular foraging and marauding are strictly prohibited and will be severely punished.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Schofield:

CLINTON A. CILLEY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Pulaski, Tenn., November 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHITAKER:

GENERAL: The order relating to passing citizens into and soldiers out of our lines seems to be almost entirely disregarded. You will again instruct your pickets to pass no citizen inside the lines without they present permission to come from General Schofield, General Stanley, General Johnson, the post commander, or some other higher authority. When citizens come to the picket-line they will be required to state to the picket officer their names and reasons for desiring to enter our lines; the officer will forward this to the post commander, and if he deems their business of sufficient importance he will give an order to admit them; if not, they will not be admitted; neither will they be

