
permitted to pass outside without passes from the authorities admitting them. Soldiers will not be permitted to pass outside the lines without passes from the authorities above mentioned or the division commanders.
By order of Major-General Stanley:

W. H. SINCLAIR,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Generals Wagner and Wood.)

OFFICE SPECIAL INSPECTOR OF CAVALRY,

MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Louisville, Ky., November 16, 1864.

Major-General WILSON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, Nashville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I sent a communication yesterday to headquarters Department of the Cumberland, which I should be glad for you to see, as in it I presented some facts in relation to the remounting and equipping your command, which you should consider, and which must enter into any calculation you may make with regard to the time necessary to accomplish the object you have in view. You will see that articles of equipment ordered as far back as September have not been received. Blankets were ordered here from New York on the 27th of October by express (twenty days ago), and which should have reached here in five days, have not yet arrived. I could have started Watkins several days ago but for the want of blankets. This one thing will show you the nature of the difficulties which stand in the way of speedy action. The Cavalry Bureau and Ordnance Department have done all in their power to facilitate matters, but the transportation department would seem to be badly conducted. Lieutenant Babbitt some time since made an application for a special agent to be sent with all articles hereafter sent, with directions to look after the missing horses. I should have gone to Nashville on Monday or Tuesday, but for the fact that Major Price telegraphed me he would be here on the 14th, and I waited intending to go down with him to see you. I am daily expecting him.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. CHAMBLISS,

Major and Special Inspector Cavalry, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 11. Nashville, Tenn., November 16, 1864.

* * * * *

III. Brigadier General Joseph F. Knipe, U. S. Volunteers, having reported to Brevet Major-General Wilson for duty, in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers [313], from headquarters Department of the Cumberland, is hereby assigned to the command of the Seventh Division, Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi.

IV. Brigadier-General Knipe, commanding Seventh Cavalry Division, Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, will proceed to

