
Memphis, Tenn., on business intrusted him by the major-general commanding. Having accomplished this duty he will return to these headquarters.

* * * * *

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE,Mount Pleasant, November 16, 1864. (Via Columbia.)

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville:

I arrived here last evening. Major Tompkins reported late from Law renceburg; he will report to you in person.* Train came in by way of Columbia; cross-roads impassable. Since Tompkins left scouts have reported from various points. The most reliable information is that the rebel force at Waynesborough was three regiments, under Colonel Rucker, sent across the Tennessee River, at Perryville, by Forrest, as he fell back up the river from Johnsonville. This force passed through Ashland on Friday; thence to Waynesborough, crossing the river somewhere above. Foorest was at Cherokee road; had crossed a part of his forces to the north side of Tennessee River, near Tuscumbia, on Friday at 12 o'clock, when, his bridges getting out of order, he was detained for repairs. Have out heavy scouts at Lawrenceburg and toward Waynesborough; have sent teams back to Columbia for bread and other rations. We could get to bread either at Pulaski or Columbia on our way through. I shall move forward with the balance of command as soon as the train comes up. Guerrillas reported in numbers in the hills between here and Lawrenceburg, which makes it necessary to move with caution to save the railroad and my trains.

H. CAPRON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

(Same to General Schofield.)
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Near Bough's Mills, November 16, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

The enemy moving his picket-line to the rear on the Waynesborough road last night at dark induced me to attack; did so about midnight, captured five prisoners, and found enemy in force. I am satisfied there is but one corps on this side of the river-Lee's, and that a weak one, with about 4,000 cavalry. Johnson's division, directly in my front, is not a large one, although it seems to be made up of old regiments. We shall make an attempt to carry out the pontoon bridge at Florence with heavy rafts to-night. Two attempts have already been made, both of which were nearly successful.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

(Same to General Schofield.)

---------------

*This last cause to Schofield only.

---------------

