HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Near Bough's Mills, November 16, 1864-8 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

We drove in the pickets of the enemy on the Florence and Waynesborough road this afternoon. Captured two prisoners, of the Seventh Tennessee Cavalry, who say the brigade they belong to is Rucker's; that this brigade is at Florence and is part of Forrest's command. I know the brigade is composed of the Seventh, Twelfth, Fifteenth Tennessee Cavalry, and Forrest's old regiment; it crossed at Perryville. Forrest is marching up the river; his main column was thirty miles yesterday from Tuscumbia, on the way to Florence. Cheatham's corps was crossing the river to-day. There are two corps over to-night; the third is under marching orders to come over. Forrest was at Florence yesterday in person. They say Hood is to advance to-morrow. A large wagon train crossed the bridge yesterday, mostly loaded with rations. A free negro also, found inside the enemy's line of pickets, corroborates this information. They say Forrest's cavalry is very large; 10,000 men the lowest estimate.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

(Same to General Schofield.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Pulaski, Tenn., November 16, 1864.

Brigadier General EDWARD HATCH,

Commanding Cavalry Division, near Bough's Mills:

GENERAL: As I wrote you yesterday, I have ordered Colonel Capron to open communication with you and act under your orders. It would be very well indeed if you could accomplish the purpose stated in your

letter of 2 p. m. yesterday, viz: to extend your right to the Tennessee, so as to envelop the enemy at Florence. But, as I understand your position and that of the enemy, this can hardly be practicable. It is reported that a considerable portion, at least, of Forrest's force has crossed the river above Clifton and is now on Indian Creek. My main object in sending Colonel Capron below Mount Pleasant was to watch that force. I have received no report from him yet. You probably may have more accurate information on that subject than I have. You may use Colonel Capron's troops as you think best, only do not leave open the roads toward Columbia and Nashville from any position the rebel cavalry may occupy.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Near Bough's Mills, November 16, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Pulaski:

I am directed by Major-General Thomas to apply to you for transportation to haul grain from Pulaski to this command. I think you will decide the distance and heavy roads will render this ineffectual. If, however, a small train could be furnished us we could undoubtedly

