
forage ourselves on the country; probably at a distance of ten miles should find it. My division has no wagons and its pack train is loaded with ammunition. The country is poor and we have to depend on Pulaski for rations. From that point we have had but half light rations since leaving it. We are out of rations now and hope the rations ordered some days ago are on the way. My division has now been out forty-eight days, and started in light marching order. I shall wake up their pickets this afternoon; cannot see, however, there is any change from yesterday. My pickets and the enemy's stand in talking distance of each other on the entire line.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Near Bough's Mills, on Military Road to Florence,

November 16, 1864.

Major-General WILSON,

Nashville:

Your dispatch of the 15th received. I will send an officer to your headquarters, as directed. Orders were forwarded on the 29th of October to Memphis directing one camp to be sent to Nashville. Major McDonald, Seventh Illinois Cavalry, left in command of camp at White's Station, was designated to carry out he order. He has many officers to assist him at camp. The command here has not an officer to a company, so many have been put upon duty at Memphis. At Paducah 4 officers and 175 men, taken from every company in the Third Illinois Cavalry. These detachments should be returned to the regiment, and, if necessary, companies detached. This division has a good train at Memphis. It has no Government wagons with it, except one to haul ammunition of the two Rodman guns with me; the hind part of both caissons were blown up by the enemy's shells at Eastport. My pack train is loaded with ammunition for small-arms. Company K, First Regiment Illinois Light Artillery, has but two guns-Rodman's; requisitions have been made for two more Rodmans and two smooth 24-pounder howitzers. It is a veteran battery, and should have its complement of guns. Have the kindness to use your influence to effect this. The roads are very heavy, and I doubt much, with the limited transportation at Pulaski, whether grain can be shipped to us, considering the distance. We have had half light rations since leaving Pulaski. The horses of my division are looking well. Such constant marching, nearly all the time in mud, has produced many serious cases of scratches, or grease heel, which is the most obstinate thing we have to contend with. We have now been out forty-eight days, no tents or wagons, and have not received any orders or mails, and are not aware of the new organization of cavalry. You will, I hope, take into consideration how impossible it is for us to make out the proper reports with all our books and papers in camp. We shall try to cut their pontoons again to-night. The last attempt nearly succeeded; many of the anchor ropes were cut, when our boats capsized against the bridge. It was o weakened, however, it broke as a part of Stewart's corps attempted crossing. The enemy have 4,000 cavalry, with their infantry, on this side of the Tennessee. We usually drive them to the rear of their infantry daily. Yesterday,

