
captured 8 horses, 6 Spencer carbines, and 6 prisoners from the infantry. Shall attack to-day well round the enemy's left. If I had another brigade of cavalry the enemy should not have an ear of corn outside of their infantry lines.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., CAV. CORPS,
 MILITARY DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 26. Louisville, Ky., November 16, 1864.

I. Pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 3, headquarters Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, Rome, Ga., October 29, 1864, the undersigned hereby assumes command of this division.

II. The Seventy-second Indiana, Seventeenth Indiana, and One hundred and twenty-third and Ninety-eighth Illinois, mounted, with some cavalry regiments hereafter to be assigned by the corps commander, will constitute the First Brigade. Colonel A. O. Miller, Seventy-second Indiana Volunteers, is assigned to the command of this brigade.

III. The Fourth Michigan, Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, First, Third, and Fourth Ohio Cavalry will constitute the Second Brigade. Colonel R. H. G. Minty, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, is assigned to the command of this brigade.

IV. Brigade commanders will have, as soon as practicable, requisitions for ordnance, ordnance stores, and horses, and for six teams to a regiment for temporary use until orders for the organization of the trains are issued, sent in. Horses for the officers necessary for the performance of their duties can be drawn as soon as the requisitions are in the hands of the issuing quartermaster.

V. Brigade commanders will appoint an ordnance officer.

VI. In making out requisitions, brigade commanders will be particularly careful to make them out only for the officers and men actually present to be mounted and armed, and requisition for those arriving hereafter can be made as they arrive here.

VII. The division staff will report without delay at these headquarters for duty.

VIII. Captain W. E. Crane, Fourth Ohio Cavalry, Lieuts. J. B. Hayden and E. S. Wood, Fourth Ohio Cavalry, are hereby detailed for duty at these headquarters, and will report without delay. Existing orders not in conflict with the above will remain in force until otherwise ordered.

ELI LONG,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Division.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV.,
 CAV. CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS.,

Numbers 1. Louisville, Ky., November 16, 1864.

I. In obedience to paragraph III, General Orders, Numbers [26], dated headquarters Second Division, Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, Louisville, Ky., November 16, 1864, I hereby assume command of this brigade, consisting of the Seventh Pennsylvania, First,

