HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH,Chattanooga, November 16, 1864.

Colonel POTEET,

Resaca:

You will fall back as the road is taken up. When you abandon Resaca, you will burn the bridge. There is one operator at Tilton; you can keep the one you have until you arrive there.

By command of Major-General Steedman:

S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOUISVILLE, November 16, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

The following is a telegram just received from General Ammen:

Major-General STONEMAN:

About 1,000 of the enemy are on the hills opposite Strawberry Plains. A strong force is crossing the river seven miles above the Plains; numbers unknown. Shall defend the bridge if possible; if not, shall withdraw my force to this place.

J. A. AMMEN,

Brigadier-General.

I shall go to Lexington to-morrow and see that mounted force, if any, can be sent to East Tennessee. General Ammen also telegraphs me that the force under Gillem was routed at Morristown, with the loss of his battery and train. I have directed Ammen to assume command of Gillem's force and make the best use of it.

GEO. STONEMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Louisville, Ky., November 16, 1864.

Brigadier General J. AMMEN,

Commanding, Knoxville, Tenn.:

Your two telegrams received. All the disposable mounted force of General Burbridge will be put in motion for Cumberland Gap as soon as possible. Instruct the force you have there to be on the alert. Assume command of all the troops in your district, State and Federal.

GEO. STONEMAN,

Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., November 16, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel TROWBRIDGE,

Commanding, Strawberry Plains:

It is important to ascertain the present position of the enemy and his movements since the fight. Please send out a party of such strength as you deem sufficient, under a very careful officer. Let them cross the river at the Plains and take such direction as you think, with the information you possess, best for your purpose. Have the party send back a courier to inform you of anything important.

J. AMMEN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

