HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, Tenn., November 16, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Commanding District of West Tennessee, Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: This will be handed to you by General Knipe, who is sent to Memphis, in pursuance of instructions from General Thomas, for the purpose of hurrying forward the trains, camp and garrison equipage, and detachments belonging to the division of Generals Hatch and Grierson. General Thomas directs me to say that he is being continually hurried from Washington to begin his operations against General Hood, and that it is of the greatest possible moment that the cavalry shall be put on an efficient basis, not only in the manner of equipment and organization, but in that of numbers. With all his exertions, and those of the War department, this force of cavalry is yet behind in its reorganization and equipment. The trains and detachments are particularly necessary, and should be shipped to this point, though I believe they were directed by telegraph to be sent via Louisville, not anticipating so much of a flood in the Cumberland River. Under the recent order transferring the east bank of the Mississippi to General Canby, General Thomas does not consider that it was intended to touch either Hatch or Grierson's divisions, since they were previously ordered to him to assist in the operations against Hood. Be good enough to further the object of General Knipe's visit to Memphis, that he may return as soon as possible to assume command of his division.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Bat. Major General, Commanding Cav. Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, DIST. OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., November 16, 1864.

Major W. H. MORGAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of West Tennessee:

MAJOR: The officer in charge of patrol, which was sent out on the State Line road yesterday morning and returned at 9 p. m., reports that he went within two miles of Collierville, met a picket of about twenty men five miles the other side of Germantown, which he skirmished with an drove into Collierville. The only forces of the enemy he could hear of were Bill Forrest's regiment and Colonel Denis' command, which were reported ont he Colwater. It was reported that Wirt Adams had his headquarters at Holly Springs about a week ago and had moved toward the Coldwater with about two regiments. Could not learn toward what point on the Coldwater Wirt Adams was going.

I am, major, your obedient servant,

M. H. WILLIAMS,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DEPARTMENT,Cincinnati, Ohio, November 16, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel B. H. HILL,

Commanding District of Michigan:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding the department directs me to inform you that he approves of the course you are pursuing in

