
regard to the propeller Georgiana, and to add, that, after a searching examination of the vessel and her papers a suspicion remains respecting her ownership and destination, you will have her and her crew seized and retained under your orders until her true history is ascertained. At the time she was overhauled by Captain Kelly, off Grand Bay, her alleged owner was on board, but this conflicts with the reports we have through the mayor of Buffalo. The latter informs me that he has reliable information of her sale to the Confederate refugees in Canada, and of her transfer to them. Be this as it may, if you find any doubt respecting her, the peace and quiet of the citizens living along the line, on either side, require that she should be held until they are removed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, November 17, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

Major Chambliss, at Louisville, reports that ordnance stores started by express from New York twenty days ago have not arrived,a nd that the equipment of my cavalry is therefore delayed. Can't as special agent be sent to look for these stores, and in similar cases hereafter would it not be well to send them in charge of some reliable person, to hurry them through?

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 17, 1864-9 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

General Hatch reports no material change since yesterday. He has a rumor of Cheatham's corps having crossed the river also, but is not certain. He reports having driven in their pickets on the Waynesborough road on the night of the 16th instant, capturing five prisoners. He is endeavoring to destroy their pontoon bridge by heavy rafts. I heard from Major-General Steedman this morning that he was preparing to re-enforce Knoxville, in accordance with my directions for him to do so. He will be able to send up about 2,000 men. General Stoneman telegraphs me from Louisville that he can concentrate five mounted regiments in three days to go the relief of General Ammen, if necessary. I have heard nothing of General Smith's arrival at Paducah yet.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF ARTILLERY,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Chattanooga, November 17, 1864.

General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff,

Department of the Cumberland:

I would respectfully request an order determine the armament of the permanent garrison of Chattanooga, Tenn., as follows, and direct-

