
ing that the disposition of that armament be not changed, except by order of the major-general commanding the department, viz:

Fort Creighton: Eight 3-inch Rodman guns, six light 12-pounder guns.

Fort Phelps: Seven 3-inch Rodman guns, three light 12-pounder guns. Battery McAloon: Four 12-pounder howitzers.

Battery Bushnell: Two 20-pounder Parrott guns, two 3-inch Rodman guns.

Lunette O'Meara: Two 30-pounder Parrott guns, six light 12-pounder guns.

Redoubt Putnam: Two 4 1/2-inch rodman, guns, four 12-pounder howitzers.

Battery Erwin: fourt 3-inch Rodman guns, two 12-pounder howitzers.

Battery Jones: One 20-pounder Parrott gun, two 12-pounder howitzers, three light 12-pounder guns.

Fort Lytle: Three 20-pounder Parrott guns, two light 12-pounder guns.

Fort Crutchfield: One 4 1/2-inch Rodman gun, two light 12-pounder guns.

Fort Mihalotzy: Fourt 4 1/2-inch Rodmand gun, four 3-inch Rodman guns.

Redoubt Coolidge: Two 3-inch Rodman guns, two 12-pounder howitzers. Cameron Hill: Four 100-pounder Parrott guns.

Redoubt Carpenter: Two 100-pounder Parrott guns, two 3-inch Rodman guns, two light 12-pounder guns.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. BRANNAN,

Brigadier General and Chief of Artillery, Dept. of the Cumberland.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 403. Washington, November 17, 1864.

As soon as sufficiently recovered from his wounds, Brigadier General E. Upton, U. S. Volunteers, will report in person to the commanding general Department of the Cumberland, for assignment to duty.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PULASKI, TENN., November 17, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville:

The roads are so bad between this place and General Hatch's position that it is not practicable to send him forage from here. He says he can get forage in the country, if he has the necessary teams to haul it. I have, therefore, authorized him to retain some teams belonging to this post which have gone to him with rations. I recommend that no more forage be sent here from Nashville for the present.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

