
DECATUR, November 17, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

In answer to your dispatch of this afternoon, I have the honor to make the following report: Second Tennessee, 345, of which 152 are mounted; Ninth Indiana Cavalry, small detachment at Pulaski, dismounted; Tenth Indiana Cavalry, detachment at Decatur of 290, and regiment of 222 at Pulaski, mounted heretofore on broken-down horses, now almost worthless; detachment of Thirteenth Indiana Cavalry, 237, at Huntsville, dismounted; Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, under Colonel Sipes, stationed on upper of road and used nowhere else.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

PULASKI, November 17, 1864.

Major BEAUMONT:

There are four companies of the Tenth Indian here and eight at Decatur. Will it be possible to bet the companies of this regiment together? Will forward to-morrow a statement of the wants of the cavalry here. Capron's was sent to Mount Pleasant by Major-General Schofield.

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, November 17, 1864-12 m.

Major-General STEEDMAN,

Chattanooga:

Your telegram of last night reporting that your were about to send re-enforcements to General Ammen is just received. I want you to send him all you can, under as competent officers as you can get. I have just ordered two or three colonels to report to you who commanded brigades in the Atlanta campaign.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

CHATTANOOGA, November 17, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

I have sent 1,500 of the best men, under the best officers, from General Cruft's camp to aid General Ammen, all from the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Corps. I have 1,000 of the Seventeenth Corps at Dalton, under command of Colonel Culver. I have 600 of the Twentieth Corps, effective armed, which I intended to send to Bridgeport, under command of Colonel Mitchell, but am holding them to send to General Ammen, should he need them. I have 230 more armed who are only fit for light camp duty. I have about 200 convalescents of the Fourth and Twenty-third Corps; what shall I do with them?

J. B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.

