
IV. The following will be the organization of the Sixth Cavalry Division, Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, Brigadier General R. W. Johnson commanding: First Brigade, Colonel Horace Capron commanding-Eighth Michigan Cavalry, Fifth Indiana Cavalry, Fourth Illinois Cavalry, Sixteenth Illinois Cavalry; Second Brigade, Colonel W. W. Lowe, Fifth Iowa Cavalry, commanding-Fifth Iowa Cavalry, Seventh Ohio Cavalry, Sixth Indiana Cavalry, Third Tennessee Cavalry; Third Brigade-Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Fifth Tennessee Cavalry. The Third Brigade will be commanded by the senior officer present and will be stationed at Chattanooga. The commanding officers of regiments will report by letter without delay to General Johnson, who will take immediate steps to concentrate, organize, mount, and equip his command.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Louisville, Ky., November 17, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING,

Commanding Second Division, District of Kentucky:

GENERAL: The troops of my division consist of the following regiments: Seventeenth Indiana Mounted Infantry, Seventy-second Indiana Mounted Infantry, One hundred and twenty-third Illinois Mounted Infantry, Ninety-eighth Illinois Mounted Infantry, First Ohio Cavalry, Third Ohio Cavalry, Fourth Ohio Cavalry, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry. I will be much obliged to you if you will direct the post commander to stop all men, detachments, new recruits, soldiers with expired furloughs or otherwise, coming under your or his notice, and directed them to report to my headquarters, near the new fort on left of Preston Pike.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELI LONG,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Pulaski, Tenn., November 17, 1864.

Brigadier General EDWARD HATCH,

Commanding Cavalry Division, near Bough's Mills:

GENERAL: I have received your letter of yesterday relative to forage and subsistence for your command. I think, with you, that it is not practicable to send you forage from this place in the present condition of the roads. So long as forage can be had within ten or fifteen miles of your position, the method you suggest is much better, and i will furnish you the necessary teams. A trains tared the day before yesterday with commissary stores for your command, and ought, I suppose, them for the purpose of foraging, so long as you can find forage in the country; if they are not sufficient let me know and I will send you more. If we remain at this place I will have my teams here in a few days, and

