
will then be able to send you rations more regularly; but if the information contained in your dispatch of 8 p. m. proves correct we must be on the move soon. All all events advise me in advance of your wants, and will try to supply them.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Near Bough's Mills, November 17, 1864.

Major-General WILSON,

Commanding Cav. Corps, Mil. Div. of the Miss., Nashville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I send my acting quartermaster to Nashville, and if necessary he will go to Memphis to forward the camp and tain of my division to Nashville. I have already ordered it forward, and have officers at Memphis to carry out the order. It is probable arrangements have been made to ship it with the camp and garrison of General Grierson. General Grierson may have detained it, as an order reached me, after receiving orders from General O. O. Howard to march to Rome, Ga., to send, by General Grierson's order, the Sixth Illinois Cavalry by boat to Memphis. When this order was received I was nearly at this point and my division assigned to Major-General Thomas, rendering it impossible for me comply with General Grierson's order. Your order assigning the Tenth and Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry have complied with the order to send the dismounted meant o Nashville, and have ordered them to report to you for horses. The reconnaissance of yesterday on my right resulted in the capture of prisoners from Forrest's command and developed infantry of Cheatham's corps, showing conclusively there are two corps over the river and also the fact of some small redoubts and rifle-pits at Florence. The third Corps was to have crossed last night, and did so, if the heavy rafts we have been making above did not carry out the bridge last night. I have not learned yet what the result of this attempt has been. This may delay a forward movement for one day. I will comply with the order to send reports and roster the moment it is possible for me to obtain the. You are aware of the difficulty I shall have of doing so, with most of my command at Memphis, Paducah, Nashville, Pulaski, and other points. In my old division there are some thirty officers being mustered out for expired term of service, vacancies of which have been filled by Governors of States during my absence from Memphis.

The train of this command is of the utmost importance. It is with great difficulty I can get light rations to my command. My old division is now three days without rations, and the country has been so thoroughly devastated [that] parched corn is the only resource. We look for a train with five days' [rations] to-night. Forage also has become a serious question. We must hold on, however, until the enemy decides to advance or retreat; and I know of no way of watching him so effectual as pressing his picket-line constantly.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

