
to be 1,100, attacked on this side, withdrew in the evening, most of them crossing the river, but made no impression on the garrison; casualties, 2 wounded. It is not thought that the whole force was seen to-day. A large force started for the Plains from this place last night. Re-enforcements reached here from Chattanooga, detachments of different corps. All quiet to-day. Rumors that parties are crossing the French Broad and moving west. Scouts do not confirm the rumors.

J. AMMEN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Pulaski, Tenn., November 18, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

I have the honor to request that the One hundred and fifteenth Illinois Volunteers, belonging to the Second Brigade, First Division, of this corps, be returned to duty with its proper command. The regiment was detached from the corps last May, first for temporary duty at the post of Resaca, and afterward placed on duty at Tunnel Hill as railroad guard. The regiment is still borne upon my returns, as I have had no authority for dropping it, and the strength of the corps is ready one regiment less than shown by the returns. If the regiment cannot be ordered to join the corps, I request that I may bee assigned a new regiment to replace it, and orders issued transferring the One hundred and fifteenth Illinois from the corps, so that I can drop it from the corps reports.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General, Commanding.

PULASKI, November 18, 1864.

Brigadier-General AMMEN,

Nashville [Knoxville], Tenn.:

What is the situation in East Tennessee? I hear indirectly of reverses there, but have received no report from you. Please telegraph me fully. General Thomas has directed General Steedman to give you re-enforcements, if needed.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION,ARMY OF THE OHIO,

Waynesborough, Tenn., November 18, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Department of the Ohio:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I occupied this place with my command this evening, with a loss of 1 killed, 1 mortally and 1 severely wounded; capturing 2 scouts from Forrest's command. Major Beeres, sent with 100 men from Mount Pleasant through Lawrenceburg, joined me here soon after my arrival. He reports no rebel force except

