
CUMBERLAND GAP, November 18, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel G. M. BASCOM, Asst. Adjt. General, Louisville:

I have no serious apprehensions in regard to the safety of my command. The Gap will never be surrendered by me. If consistent, please inform me the number of re-enforcements, and when they are likely to arrive.

W. Y. DILLARD,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Louisville, Ky., November 18, 1864.

Major General S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Commanding District of Kentucky, Lexington:

Your telegram and Major Keogh's received. I wish you would push every available mounted man to Cumberland Gap. Do not wait to concentrate your whole force, but send them by detachments, each large enough to protect itself, and by forced marches. The exigencies of the service I think warrant the impressment of horses wherever they can be obtained. Rations for the men can be obtained at the Gap. The enemy is in force in front of Knoxville, and I think an effective force arriving at the Gap soon, and acting with vigor in the direction of Strawberry Plains, will cause him to withdraw. I shall probably leave for Knoxville this evening or to-morrow and would like you to command your force in person. If you go you will be re-enforced by all the cavalry now in East Tennessee. You had better push on with what force you have ready, leaving the rest to follow on by forced marches, and try to open up communication with Knoxville as soon as possible. Re-enforcements are being sent from Chattanooga to Knoxville. Please acknowledge the receipt of this at once and let me know what you can do.

GEO. STONEMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY,FIFTH DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,

Lexington, Ky., November 18, 1864.

Major General GEORGE STONEMAN, Louisville, Ky.:

Your dispatch received, and your orders will be promptly executed. I will take command in person. The five regiments mentioned in my dispatch of 16th instant, to Lieutenant-Colonel Bascom, will be pushed forward as rapidly as possible, together with one battery of our guns now here. I will also mount and send forward as many more troops as I can obtain horses for. The Twenty-sixth [Kentucky] is a valuable regiment, and I would like to have it, if you can stop it and mount it in Louisville.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, KY., November 18, 1864.

General BURBRIDGE:

You will direct Captain Goodenow, and all other officers in the vicinity of Lexington, to turn over to you or your staff officer any and

