
Lieutenant George M. Landon, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, acting commissary of subsistence; Second Lieutenant William H. Smucker, Fourth Ohio Cavalry, ordnance officer.

II. Surg. John L. Sherk, Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, being the senior surgeon present, will, until further orders, act as brigade surgeon.

III. The following reports and returns will be required from regiments and detachments of this command: First, weekly reports of effective force, upon the prescribed blanks, to be handed in to the assistant adjutant-general's office every Monday morning before 9 o'clock; second, tri-monthly reports, on the regular consolidated morning report banks, on the 10th, 20th, and last days of each month, before 10 a. m.; third, monthly returns and descriptive lists of deserters, on the regular blanks provided for that purpose, on the 1st day of each month; fourth, a report of the aggregate strength and vacancies occurring among the commissioned officers, upon the forms prescribed by the mustering officer, every Thursday morning; fifth, a roster of changes among the commissioned officers during the month, for corps headquarters, to be landed in the last day of each month; sixth, a monthly inspection report upon the 15th day of each month, to be forwarded to the brigade inspector; seventh, a list of the names of all officers and men absent from the regular by-monthly muster-for-pay, to be handed to the brigade inspector.

By order of Colonel R. H. G. Minty:

ROBERT BURNS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CAVALRY DIVISION,Near Bough's Mills, November 18, 1864-6 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville:

No advance of the enemy; the appearance of the lines remains the same. A strong party of the enemy's infantry and cavalry came out on my right for forage to-day, were attacked by one regiment, and driven back, abandoning their forage and leaving 2 men killed and 3 mortally wounded. The skirmish was a sharp one. If the enemy advances there are so many roads diverging from Florence he will undoubtedly move out on three or four. It will be some time before we can determine his line of march. Should he move his cavalry in a different direction from his main column, shall I concentrate on his cavalry or remain to watch the infantry, or oppose both?

Very truly, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

(Same to Major-General Schofield, Pulaski.)
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CAVALRY DIVISION,Near Bough's Mills, November 18, 1864-12 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville:

A scout came in to-night I consider reliable. He reports as follows: General Forrest's command crossed the river to-day, its rear came over this evening; Lee's and Cheatham's corps are over; Stewart's will

