
cross to-morrow. Hood's army is under orders to more to-morrow, but may not move until the next day. Forrest's command moved out to-night, and will probably move on the Waynesborough road. Hood's main army moves to Lawrenceburg; from that place he does not know where they will go. Hood has 35,000 infantry. The cavalry, all under command of Forrest, will amount to 10,000. He has considerable artillery. Forrest moves in advance, and may mean a raid on the railroad between Nashville and Pulaski and Nashville and Murfreesborough.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

(Same to Major-General Schofield, Pulaski.)

BROWN'S FERRY, November 18, 1864.

First Lieutenant S. M. KNEELAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Decatur:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report everything quiet at this ford; a small squad of the enemy's pickets on the opposite bank as usual. Yesterday General Croxton was at Four-Mile Creek, the enemy's pickets extending to west bank of Shoal Creek. General Hatch's cavalry command was near or with General Croxton's. He felt of the enemy, but effected nothing, except finding out that they are still there.

I am, lieutenant, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. R. SWALLOW,

Major, Commanding Detachment Tenth Indiana Cavalry.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 18, 1864-9 p. m.

Major T. T. ECKERT:

Enemy attacked Strawberry Plains yesterday with infantry and artillery, but were repulsed, losing one gun, dismounted. They succeed in destroying the bridge over Flat Creek and turning back the re-enforcements which had started from Knoxville. General Ammen calls on Steedamn for help, which cannot be had, as Hood threatens to advance, now that rivers have fallen. Rains again, and rivers may rise soon. Telegraph down to-day between Pulaski and Athens, Tenn.; raiding parties of the enemy.

J. S. DUZER.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 19, 1864-10 p. m.

General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

General Hatch reports from near Bough's Mills, midnight 18th, that one of his scouts, just in, states that Forrest had just crossed the river that day; that Lee's and Cheatham's corps were over, and Stewart's was to cross to-day. Hood's army is under marching orders, he says, but from the constant rains, and the impossibility of moving in the present condition of the road, Hood cannot certainly move his infantry, and if any movements is made, it can be no more than a demonstration on the part of Forrest. I have, however, given the necessary orders to General.

