
Schofield, at Pulaski, and also to General Hatch, should the report of a general advance on the part of Hood have any foundation and really prove to be a fact. I do not, however, imagine such a movement will be made in the present condition of the roads; but it may be that Forrest will attempt to operate against the railroads. I have heard nothing of General A. J. Smith's command since my last report, and have sent an officer to meet General Smith at Paducah, with orders to hasten forward his command as rapidly as possible.

The following dispatch, just received from Chattanooga, is submitted for your information:

Brigadier-General Ammen telegraphs that he thinks the enemy are moving back. Citizens from near La Fayette report Wheeler, with his entire command, near that place. I sent the Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry to learn the truth of the report.

JAS. B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, November 19, 1864-2.30 p. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Pulaski:

If the enemy advances in force, as General Hatch believes, have everything in readiness either to fight him at Pulaski, if he advances on that place, or cover the railroad and concentrate at Columbia, should he attempt to turn you right flank. In the latter case-that is, the attempt to turn our right flank-General Hatch should cover the fords and ferries across Duck River and hold them when you concentrate at Columbia. Report to me at once, should you be compelled to leave Pulaski, that I may give the necessary orders for the concentration of the troops on the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad. I can hardly think, however, that the enemy will attempt to advance in such weather as we now have. I shall send an officer to-morrow morning to hurry General Smith along as fast as possible to this place. Give the necessary orders to Hatch and Croxton in case of a decided advance of the enemy.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

PULASKI, November 19, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville:

Your dispatch of 2.30 p. m. is received. I have already given the necessary preliminary instructions to Hatch, and will have everything ready to carry out your orders in the event of Hood's advance. I do not believe he will attempt to move his infantry in this state of roads, but Forrest may make a raid on our railroads.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

