HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, November 19, 1864-11.30 a. m.

(Via Pulaski.)

Brigadier-General HATCH,

Bough's Mills:

If the enemy should advance his infantry by the Huntsville road, or by the road you are on, it will be best for you to throw some cavalry on his front to oppose him, and give information to General Schofield, whilst you concentrate the main part of your cavalry against his and destroy it, if possible; but I want you to be on your guard, that the enemy does not draw you too far away from our infantry. I hardly think, however, that he can advance during such weather as we now have, and it is hoped that General Smith will be at Pulaski in a few days with his force, when we shall be ready for him. Have you learned anything definite of the result of your attempt to destroy the pontoon bridge?

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CAVALRY DIVISION,Lexington Road, near Military Road, at Watkins' House,

November 19, 1864-8 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville;

My brigade on the right struck Forrest's column about 12 o'clock to-day, moving upon the Butler Creek road toward Lawrenceburg. (The Butler Creek road is parallel with the Wanesborough and Florence road on the west side of Shoal Creek.) The brigade first struck Buford's division,a nd whipped him. About 3 o'clock Forrest came up with more of his command, and our men were obliged to fall back to the east side of Shoal Creek. Buford had four regiments of mounted infantry in his division. Two prisoners from Buford's escort say the whole of Forrest's command is moving, its divisions on different roads. As they have not come out on my left the command, I believe, is moving by the way of Waynesborough, and is going to strike the railroad about Duck River. The infantry of the enemy did not move to-day, and cannot; the roads are in the very worst condition. Forrest has in his command Jackson's, Buford's, Chalmers', and Roddey's divisions-2,500 to a division is not a large estimate; probably has three batteries with him-perhaps, all four-gun batteries; of this, however, I am not sure.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

(Same to Major-General Schofield, Pulaski.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Pulaski, Tenn., November 19, 1864.

Brigadier General EDWARD HATCH,

Commanding Cavalry Division, near Bough's Mills:

GENERAL: I have received your report of 6 p. m. yesterday, in which you ask what course you shall pursue in case of an advance of the enemy, if he move his cavalry in a different direction from his main col-

60 R R-VOL XLV, PT I

