
umn. With your present force it will probably be difficult to accomplish all that is desired, for, I take it, if Hood advances he will have all of Forrest's cavalry to co-operate with him; but I hope General Wilson will have the main body of his cavalry int he field before the state of the roads will ad mit of any advance of the enemy. If, however, the enemy advance before General Wilson is ready, you will have to do the best you can to accomplish two objects, viz: to observe the movements of infantry, and oppose his cavalry. If his infantry and cavalry take different directions quite a small force will be sufficient to watch the movements of the infantry, and you will be able to use the main body of your troops to operate against the enemy's cavalry.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

HUNTSVILLE, November 19, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Colonel Russell, Confederate, with about 500 men, struck the road last night between Gurley's Tank and Paint Rock Station, and destroyed completely 300 yards of track. The break is being repaired as rapidly as possible. We have not been able to ascertain the direction taken by the enemy. A party 400 strong, under Colonel Hall, all that could be gathered, drove them all day yesterday, killing nine men, but enemy were so well mounted that they got away. As soon as Colonel Hall returned to Brownsborough they struck southeast and broke the road.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND TENNESSEE MOUNTED INFANTRY,Near Johnsonville, Tenn., November 19, 1864.

Lieutenant S. H. HUBBELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that a scout which I sent down the river to-day proceeded down the river about eight miles without seeing any signs of rebels or gaining any information with regard to any. A citizen who lives on Bear Creek,a nd who is supposed to be reliable, reports to me to-day that Captain Phillips, who has command of some thirty-five guerrillas, is now conscripting on White Oak and is to be at Magnolia on Tuesday next. Magnolia is some eighteen miles from this place.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

OWEN HANEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF ARTILLERY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, November 19, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville:

I propose to place a battery of four guns in position with the Regular brigade on Lookout Mountain. Does it meet with your approval?

J. M. BRANNAN,

Brigadier General and Chief of Artillery, Dept. of the Cumberland.

