
KNOXVILLE, November 19, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

The re-enforcements from Chattanooga will be handled as you direct. General Tillson telegraphs me from Strawberry Plains there are no indications that the enemy are retreating from the other side of the river.

J. AMMEN,

Brigadier-General.

KNOXVILLE, November 19, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD:

Re-enforcements, detachment from different corps, have arrived from Chattanooga. These men can do good service in the trenches, but many of them cannot pursue the enemy rapidly. Our casualties at the Plains, 200. Answer.

J. AMMEN,

Brigadier-General.

FLAT CREEK, November 19, 1864.

General AMMEN:

Parties of rebels, one of them 140, reported on south side of river and near stone house on Dandridge road, two miles from Boyd's Ferry.

N. A. REED,

Aide-de-Camp.

STRAWBERRY PLAINS, November 19, 1864.

Brigadier General J. AMMEN:

All quiet here except occasional picket-firing across the river. So far as we can learn no enemy on this side of the river. Have made efforts and have failed to learn anything definite as to the strength of the enemy. Am just starting the cavalry to McKinney's Ford. Has train started with forage? Will send Sixteenth Kentucky back on train, if nothing new transpires.

D. TILLSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Pulaski, Tenn., November 19, 1864.

Bat. Major General S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Commanding District of Kentucky:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to inform you that Major General George Stoneman, having been assigned to duty as second in command of the Department of the Ohio, with authority to exercise the duties of a department commander, and the headquarters of the department having been established at Louisville, the necessity for you to exercise the duties as department commander, as authorized by paragraph 4, General Orders, Numbers 240, current series. War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, has ceased to exist, and you will in future refer all questions requiring the action of a department commander to Major-General Stoneman.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

