
LEXINGTON, KY., November 19, 1864.

Major General GEORGE STONEMAN,

Louisville, Ky.:

My troops are in motion. I leave to-morrow. Will keep you informed of my movements. Please send dispatches for me to Lexington; Captain Dickson will forward them. My force already started is over 2,000, with one four-gun battery. If I get horse equipments will have 2,000 more.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Louisville, Ky., November 19, 1864.

Brevet Major-General BURBRIDGE,

Lexington, Ky.:

I have directed Captain Babbitt, ordnance officer here, to turn over to you everything you may require and which may not have been disposed of by orders from higher authority. He sends to you by train to-day a lot of ammunition and rifles. I think it very probable that the enemy will endeavor to get possession of the supplies at Cumberland Gap, and from thence make a raid into Southeastern Kentucky. I will try to obtain orders from General Thomas to have everything in depot here in the way of ordnance and ordnance stores turned over to you. Guerrillas are reported on the railroad between here and Nashville. I leave for Nashville this p.m.; will keep you informed. Please do the same by me of everything of interest.

GEO. STONEMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

LEXINGTON, November 19, 1864.

Colonel W. Y. DILLARD,

Cumberland Gap:

General Stoneman thinks the enemy intend endeavoring to get possession of the supplies at Cumberland Gap. If attacked, hold out. I leave here to-morrow with re-enforcements for you.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

CUMBERLAND GAP, November 19, 1864.

General BURBRIDGE:

I shall hold the Gap at all hazards until you arrive. General Stoneman is correct in his opinion. If you were here to-day I have no doubt but we could bag Breckinridge and his entire command. My scouts have just returned and report heavy cannonading in direction of Strawberry Plains this morning. All quiet here.

W. Y. DILLARD,

Colonel.

