
men present, 1,230; officers present, 65; total, 1,295. Mules 112; horses, 88; army wagons, 15; medical supply wagons, 2; two-horse wagons, 2; ambulances, 9.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. MOORE,

Colonel 33rd Wisconsin Vol. Infty., Commanding Div., 17th Army Corps.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 20, 1864-10.30 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

The following dispatch just received from General Hatch:

FIVE MILES WEST OF LEXINGTON,

November 20, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

The enemy's infantry was advanced this morning on the Butler Creek road, fourteen miles from Florence, moving by the right flank toward the military road, which will oblige me to concentrate at Lexington. I have ordered General Croxton to concentrate on Lexington, leaving a small force to watch the crossings of the Huntsville road and Lexington and Florence roads. I am undecided as to the line of march, but believe the enemy's infantry will move to Lawrenceburg, and his cavalry on his left flank, meaning to cut the road between Pulaski and Nashville.

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

I have ordered General Schofield to move the main force to Lynnville, so as to be able to support Hatch, or concentrate on Columbia, according to circumstances. I have nearly two brigades at Columbia now, intrenched, and except to have a third there by to-morrow night. I have just heard from General Smith to-day at Saint Louis. He will not be able to embark his troops before Tuesday, and cannot reach this point before Saturday or Sunday next. I will do my best to keep the enemy from the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, but my cavalry force is only 3,000, whereas the enemy's is at least 10,000. Three of Wilson's divisions are still absent for horses, and Grierson is still in Missouri.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

[NOVEMBER 20, 1864.-For abstract from return of the U. S. forces under command of Major General George H. Thomas, see p.52.]

[NOVEMBER 20, 1864.-For abstract from return of the District of Tennessee, commanded by Major General Lovell H. Rousseau, U. S. Army, see p.56.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, Tenn., November 20, 1864.

Brigadier General B. H. GRIERSON,

Commanding Fourth Div., Cav. Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi:

SIR: This will be handed you by First Lieutenant Henry E. Noyes, of my staff. He is authorized to bring your division to this place. In spite of instructions sent you by Captain Woodward, of your staff, it

