
seems that you misunderstood the instructions of General Thomas, now vested with ample authority over all the troops left in the Military Division of the Mississippi. When I wrote you from Gaylesville it was expected that the operations alluded to in my communication could be successfully carried out, but since them, owing to the threatening attitude of Hood's army, General Thomas has decided upon a different policy, essential to the execution of which is the concentration of a large force of cavalry in Middle Tennessee. It was to this end instructions were sent to you by Captain Woodward to bring your command to this place by the most direct and practicable route, ample authority having been given for your reorganization at Saint Louis. Major-General Rosecrans informs General Thomas that through the representations of Captain Woodward he had been induced to send your dismounted men to Memphis, Tenn., in compliance with my request. Captain Woodward in using such authority has transcended his instructions. My letter of instructions to you was clear and unmistakable, and neither yourself nor your adjutant-general could reasonably affect to construe them into a warrant for ordering them to Memphis. General Knipe has been sent to that place for the purpose of bringing your detachments and trains, as well as those of General Hatch, to this place at once. It is now understood here that Winslow has been ordered by General Curtis across the country to Memphis. Lieutenant Noyes, you will perceive, has been armed with ample authority to bring him from there, or wherever else he may be, without delay. I am also informed that instead of being at Saint Louis attending to the orders sent you through Captain Woodward, you are now, or have been, at Chicago, Ill. There being no record at army headquarters of a leave of absence to you, you will report without delay by what authority you are absent from Saint Louis or Memphis, your original post.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Bvt. Major General, Commanding Cavalry Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi.

PULASKI, TENN., November 20, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

I presume, from General Hatch's report of 8 p.m. yesterday, sent you this morning, there is no doubt Forrest is advancing against the railroad between this place and Columbia. As I understand he cannot cross Duck River below Columbia, I have ordered Hatch to leave a small force to picket Shoal Creek and watch Hood, and to move with his main force on Forrest's right flank, keeping between him and the railroad. Strickland's brigade is still at Columbia, and I will send a division to Lynnville to support Hatch. Please inform me if this is right or what other dispositions I shall make. It might be well to send Ruger, with one of his brigades, from Johnsonville to Columbia. I should think one brigade would now be sufficient at Johnsonville.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.

PULASKI, November 20, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville:

It may be that Forrest is only moving out to encamp on the waters of Buffalo River, where, I understand, forage is abundant. It seems

