
hardly probable that he will attempt aggressive operations while the roads are so bad. To-day will doubtless determine, and I will be ready to move at daylight in the morning if necessary. I think probably I had better go with two divisions to Lynnville, leaving Stanley with the other two.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, November 20, 1864-1.15 p.m.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Pulaski:

Have you seen a copy of General Hatch's dispatch of [8 p.m.] yesterday to me, reporting the movements of Forrest's cavalry? Have you any further news, either concerning that movement or any other on the part of the enemy?

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteer, Commanding.

PULASKI, TENN., November 20, 1864-[2 p.m.]

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

After full consideration I am of the opinion that this is not the best position for the main body of our troops, at least so long as we are inferior in strength to the enemy. If Hood advances, whether his design to be strike this place or Columbia, he must move via Lawrenceburg, on account of the difficulty of crossing Shoal Creek. Under cover of his cavalry he can probably reach Lawrenceburg without our knowledge, and move his forces a day's march from that point toward Columbia before we could learn his designs, and thus reach that point ahead of us; or he might move upon this place and, while demonstrating against it, throw his forces onto the pike north of us, and thus cut us off from Columbia and from our re-enforcements. Lynnville would be free from these objections as a point of concentration for our forces. On the other hand, a force at this point covers the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad to the best advantage; but a brigade int he inclosed works at this place could hold out against any force until relieved, while the main force at Lynnville would be sure of concentrating with the troops still in rear. I respectfully submit these views for your consideration.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, November 20, 1864-2.30 p.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Pulaski:

If Forrest makes a decided advance, I think it would be best for you to go to Lynnville with two divisions, leaving Stanley at Pulaski with two. In order to have everything out of your way, the construction party which went to Pulaski a few days since had better come back to Columbia, and all surplus stores should be prepared

