
to be sent back in case Hood's army advances. Give Hatch instructions according to your movements, and urge upon him the necessity of getting the most reliable information he can. I will order Ruger with one brigade to Columbia.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

PULASKI, November 20, 1864-8.30 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

It seems, from General Hatch's report,* just received and forwarded to you, that Hood is really advancing. This move would indicate that he intends to cross Shoal Creek. I have instructed General Hatch to get accurate information and advise me as early as possible. I have nothing further as to Forrest's movements.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, November 20, 1864-10 p.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Pulaski:

Your dispatch of 2 p.m this day just received; two other dispatches of to-day were received previous to this one. Do you mean that one brigade in the intrenchments at Pulaski could hold out for a week? The reason I ask is, General Smith cannot get here before next Friday. If one brigade can hold the fortifications of Pulaski for a week or ten days, you are authorized to leave a brigade or a division there and concentrate the rest of your force at Lynnville, preparatory to support Hatch, or fall back on Columbia, whichever may be necessary. Part of Ruger's troops will start for Columbia to-night, the remainder at 2 o'clock to-morrow, and the railroad superintendent says he will have them at Columbia by to-morrow night. The very moment Smith's troops arrive I will start them for Columbia. In any event, all surplus transportation should be sent to Columbia. I have just received General Hatch's of this p.m., and it seems from it that Hood is advancing. His movements will indicate to you what disposition you should make-whether to concentrate at Columbia or remain at Lynnville. If Hood's entire army should advance, you must use your own description as to holding the fortifications at Pulaski or withdrawing the troops.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteer, Commanding.

PULASKI, November 20, 1864-11 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville:

Your dispatch is received. If Hood advances with his entire force, as now seems probable, I think it would be wisest to withdraw entirely from this place, but I will consider the matter more maturely before

---------------

*See p.961.

---------------

