
Jonesborough, nor was I in any way responsible for the movements of his corps upon that occasion. I deem it necessary to make these statements as there seems to be a misunderstanding in the matter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Pulaski, Tenn., November 20, 1864.

Major-General STANLEY,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed by the commanding general to inform you that a captured rebel dispatch, forwarded by General Hatch, indicates that Forrest is to begin his movement to-morrow, that he has only moved out a short distance from Florence into camp, and it may not be necessary to move any troops to-morrow; yet he desires you will hold General Wagner's division in readiness to move.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

WM. H. WHERRY,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

(Copy to General Cox.)

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. SECOND DIV., FOURTH ARMY CORPS,

Pulaski, Tenn., November 20, 1864.

The troops of this division must be in readiness to march to-morrow morning at 9 o'clock. Three days' rations to be carried in haversacks and forty rounds of ammunition in the cartridge-boxes. All the baggage will be taken. One wagon to each regiment will be allowed and two to brigade headquarters. Good mules for the wagons now on hand can be obtained by immediately calling on Colonel Hayes, chief quartermaster of the corps. Colonel Hayes will also furnish wagons and teams sufficient to make the above allowance. Forage for the animals should be taken in the wagons. Camps will not be broken up not the troops moved until further orders from these headquarters.

By order of Brigadier-General Wagner:

GEORGE LEE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,No. 15. MILITARY DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Nashville, Tenn., November 20, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

III. Colonel E. F. Winslow, Fourth Iowa Cavalry, will proceed without delay to Memphis, Tenn., on duty connected with the transportation of his command to this place.

IV. Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Peters, Fourth Iowa Cavalry, now at Memphis, will proceed to Saint Louis, Mo., and superintend the transfer of that portion of General Grierson's (formerly Colonel Winslow's) division now in Missouri to this place.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

