
about three miles from Lexington west. General Croxton I have ordered to concentrate on Lexington, leaving a small force to watch the crossings of the Huntsville road and Lexington and Florence. I am undecided as to the line of march, but believe the enemy's infantry will move to Lawrenceburg, and his cavalry on his left flank, meaning to cut the road between Pulaski and Nashville. In the fight yesterday a battalion got into the enemy's rear, capture twelve wagons; could not get the wagons off, but came away with the mules. They were the headquarters teams of Chalmers Buford. I send a dispatch, captured, which indicates Jackson's division is either to be sent south or retained with Hood's main column. I also make a rough draft* of vicinity and inclose.

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

(Same to Major-General Schofield, Pulaski.)

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS RUCKER'S BRIGADE,November 19, 1864-1 p.m.

Captain W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Brigadier-General Jackson has just arrived at my headquarters on his way to the front with General Armstrong. He states that no order has been received from General Beauregard sending his division south, and that General Hood takes the responsibility to detain his command till further orders, and that therefore the command of Major-General Forrest remains in statu quo; also that General Forrest has issued orders that the command be in readiness to move Monday morning, with four days' cooked rations; he further remarked that General Forrest is coming out on this road to-day, and looking for him now.

I am, general [captain], very respectfully,

EDMD. W. RUCKER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

I would beg to remain where I now am till morning, being yet unsupplied with ammunition; but will be obliged to move then somewhere on account of forage.

E. W. RUCKER,

Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Pulaski, Tenn., November 20, 1864.

Brigadier General EDWARD HATCH,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: I have received your report of 8 p.m. yesterday, informing me of Forrest's advance. Leave a small force to picket Shoal Creek, and watch Hood, and move against Forrest with your main force. Move up on his right flank, keeping between him and the railroad. I will have infantry to support you at Lynnville and Columbia. Forrest cannot, I believe, cross Duck River below Columbia, and we must try to prevent him from striking the railroad between Columbia and this place. Advise me frequently of your movements and those of the enemy. If Hood advances toward Columbia I will, of course, move accordingly;

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

