
men either beyond or to the rear of this place, I have kept my main force here, sending out scouts on every road to obtain intelligence of the enemy and gather in such supplies as can be found. Scouts to the vicinity of Clifton report that the enemy has left that place, and reports from all points north and west indicate no rebel force other than small bands of guerrillas and scouting parties. Our scout toward Florence yesterday met a party of the enemy four miles out, and succeeded in driving them twelve miles, when they came in contact with a superior force, probably one battalion of 150 or 200 men. Toward night our men fell back, and were followed by a small vedette, the object of the enemy appearing to be to watch our movements and protect his foraging parties below. As far as our scouts have been, in every direction the country is destitute of everything for man or beast, and as we have no transportation other than is necessary in the present condition of the roads to move our ammunition and camp equipage, it is impossible for me to advance my main force. I can obtain forage a few days longer at this place, but no rations of any consequence. I can hear nothing of General Hatch. My scouts will penetrate still farther to-day, particularly on the West Point road, in hopes of opening communication with him. I send you a corrected map of the country.* I was in error as to the direction of the road from this point to Lawrenceburg. In regard to Hood's army, I think he is withdrawing to the other side of the river; at all events, he is certainly not moving in this direction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HORACE CAPRON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Waynesborough, Tenn., November 20, 1864.

Brevet Major-General WILSON,

Chief of Cavalry, Military Division of the Mississippi:

SIR: I have the honor to report as directed by General Orders, -, headquarters Department of the Ohio, Nashville, Tenn., November 10, 1864. Inclosed I send you tri-monthly report of this brigade for November 20. This command was sent back from Atlanta, Ga., to Kentucky in September to be remounted and rearmed, but was ordered to the front again before having received their proper armament, and are now temporarily supplied with the Springfield musket. We are in an isolated position, being about fifty-five miles from supplies in any direction. The country around for twenty miles is completely swept of everything by troops who have lately passed through here, and the roads are next to impassable. I was ordered to advance to this position, and, if possible, open communication with General Hatch, who was supposed to be advancing in this direction. I occupied this place on the 18th, driving out a small force of rebels, and have scouted diligently in every direction, but can hear nothing of General Hatch. Yesterday my scouts entered Clifton and penetrated within three miles of West Point and twenty miles out on the Florence road, meeting small parties of rebel scouts on all these roads, their object apparently being to watch our movements. I am at a loss to know what to do in the absence of any further instructions from any source. I have

---------------

*Not found, but see p.966.

---------------

