HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH,Chattanooga, November 20, 1864-1.30 p.m.

Colonel CULVER,

Dalton:

Your dispatch just received. If your have not sent the Sixth Indiana Cavalry you may retain it. Answer.

By command of Major-General Steedman:

S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH,Chattanooga, November 20, 1864-12.30 p.m.

Colonel CULVER,

Commanding Post, Dalton:

You will immediately on receipt of this withdraw the whole garrison from Tilton, with the laboring party engaged in taking up the track, and send at once the 300 dismounted cavalry now with you to Tunnel Hill. The Tilton garrison must be at Dalton and the cavalry at Tunnel Hill before daylight.

JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.

PULASKI, November 20, 1864.

Major-General STONEMAN,

Louisville, Ky.:

General Ammen needs more cavalry in East Tennessee, and there is plenty of forage, which we should have instead of the rebels. I think the Eleventh Michigan or Twelfth Ohio might be spared from Kentucky. Also horses should be sent for the Tenth Michigan as soon as practicable.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, November 20, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Pulaski, Tenn.:

The rebels are still across the river from Strawberry Plains, their pickets up and down the river for miles; their force more than 3,000 generally well mounted. It is almost certain that Breckinridge with part of the force started back yesterday; it is suggested to me, as they have gratified their revenge, that they will retire. There is no danger here and very little at Strawberry Plains, as the rains last two days have rendered the river impassable and the roads very muddy. The Flat Creek bridge nearly repaired. General Tilson says that the Tennessee cavalry will require ten days to prepare for active service; without them, he has not enough to advance. The troops sent from Chattanooga are not fit for field service. If the forage is to be collected from the French Broad, more troops will be necessary. General Thomas directs me to send back the troops as soon as they can be spared; please give instructions. I have just returned from above. All quiet.

J. AMMEN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

