
NASHVILLE, TENN., November 20, 1864-8.30 p.m.

(Received 12.40 a.m. 21st.)

Major THOMAS T. ECKERT:

General Ammen reported that Breckinridge has fallen back, leaving a force of not less than 3,000 in front Strawberry Plains, and says he cannot make an offensive movement under ten days. From Dalton we have a report that Wheeler's scouts are near there and his entire command at La Fayette. Hood is reported moving at last on road toward Columbia with Forrest's, Lee's, and Stewart's commands, and was at Lawrenceburg to-day. Schofield and Stanley will withdraw north from Pulaski toward Columbia to-morrow if this proves to be the truth about Hood's movements. Rivers rising slowly.

J. C. VAN DUZER,

Captain, &amp;c.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 21, 1864-9.30 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

The following dispatch, just received from General Hatch, is forwarded for your information:

LEXINGTON, November 21, 1864-8 a.m.

Major-General THOMAS:

This morning I have information from different scouting parties as follows, which I believe to be true: The head of Lee's corps is twenty miles from Florence, on the Butler Creek road, which strikes the military road south of Lawrenceburg thirteen miles. Cheatham's corps was on the Waynesborough and Florence road; the head of this corps fifteen miles from Florence. Headquarters of Stewart's corps at Wilson's Cross-Roads, six miles from Florence; the corps was moving. The enemy's cavalry on the different roads was near the infantry. This was the state of affairs last night, and has the appearance of an advance on Columbia rather than Pulaski. My advance is now about twelve miles from Lawrenceburg. I am moving that way with small parties on the military road, where we had some skirmishing yesterday. The best information of the strength of the enemy is, infantry, from 30,000 to 35,000, 60 pieces of artillery, and 10,000 cavalry. There is no doubt of their advance. The enemy have one division at Florence, and had not taken up their pontoons last night.

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

I have directed General Schofield to move back gradually from Pulaski and concentrate in the vicinity of Columbia, so as to reach that place before Hood could, if he should really move against that place. Hood's force is so much larger than my present available force, both in infantry and cavalry, that I shall have to act on the defensive, Stanley's corps being only 12,000 effective and Schofield's 10,000 effective. As yet General Wilson can only raise about 3,000 effective cavalry. Grierson's division is still in Missouri, and the balance of the cavalry belonging to the Army of the Cumberland, not having yet received their horses and equipments, at Louisville. I have a force of about 4,000 men at Decatur and on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad which might be made a available if Decatur and that road were held, if possible, I have kept this force there up to this time. I will, however, if you approve, withdraw it and add it to my main force at Columbia, and shall then be, upon the arrival of General Smith with

