
move. I have sent General Wilson out to take general charge of the cavalry, and directed him to report to you. He will reach Lynnville to-morrow evening.*

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

PULASKI, November 21, 1864-9.30 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville:

Your dispatch of this p.m. received. I saw Hatch's report of 8 a.m., and expect to hear from him again in the morning. Two divisions move in the morning. I will stay here until I hear from Hatch again. Wilson had better come here.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

NEAR LAWRENCEBURG, TENN., November 21, 1864-9 p.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Army of the Ohio:

SIR: I have the honor to report couriers from Colonel H. Capron just arrived from Waynesborough; left that place about 2 p.m. this day; met couriers with your orders, dated yesterday, five miles this side Waynesborough, also a squad of couriers from Columbia, with orders for Colonel Capron, three miles this side Waynesborough (General Hatch's command is at this place) last evening between 8 and 9 o'clock. Send corporal and five men through to you with dispatches; have not heard from him since. The squad that brought first dispatch yesterday lost two men, rear guard; can give no account of them; the dispatch came through all right.

I am, general, your most obedient servant,

JAMES A. STRONG,

Captain Eighth Michigan Cavalry, Commanding Couriers.

COLUMBIA, November 21, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

I sent your dispatch to Colonel Capron as directed, but heard since that there were in the vicinity of Mount Pleasant seventy or eighty mounted rebels, but will send a second courier by another route. I have made ample preparations for Forrest or any other force coming this way. Your baggage train in charge of Lieutenant Washburn has arrived here. Shall I send the train on to Pulaski? Please answer.

S. A. STRICKLAND,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Pulaski, Tenn., November 21, 1864. (Received 6.45 p.m.)

Major-General STANLEY,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: General Hatch's report just received leaves no doubt of Hood's advance. He was last night about twenty miles from Florence-

---------------

*So in Thomas' telegrams sent book; as received by Schofield it read-morning.

---------------

