
one corps on the Waynesborough road and one on the Lawrenceburg road; the third was only six miles out from Florence. Hood must be going to Columbia or west of that. We will have to move accordingly without much delay. Have your quartermaster send all surplus stores to Columbia at once, and make all preparations to withdraw entirely from this place by Wednesday morning, the 23rd. Let Wagner march to Lynnville to-morrow morning; Cox will preced him.

Respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Pulaski, Tenn., November 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General WAGNER,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: In compliance with orders just received from Major-General Schofield you will march your division to Lynnville to-morrow. March at 8 a.m. General Cox will preced you.

I am, your obedient servant,

WM. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. SECOND DIV., FOURTH ARMY CORPS,

Pulaski, Tenn., November 21, 1864.

The troops of this division will march to-morrow morning at 8 o'clock promptly, in the following order: First, Colonel Opdycke's (First) brigade; second, General Grose's (Second) brigade; third, General Bradley's (Third) brigade. A staff officer will be sent to indicate the road upon which the division will march.

By order of Brigadier-General Wagner:

GEORGE LEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Pulaski, Tenn., November 21, 1864.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Commanding Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: Reports from General Hatch leave no doubt that Hood is advancing northward, apparently toward Columbia. The advance of two corps were twenty miles from Florence, on the Waynesborough and Lawrenceburg roads, last night. I desire you to move to Lynnville to-morrow morning. General Wagner will follow you. I will probably join you there before night. Reports indicate that Forrest is moving with Hood. He may, however, push out and strike take command of Wagner's division. General Stanley will probably move on Wednesday, and you continue your march toward Columbia on the same day; but I will send you further orders if I do not join you to-morrow.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

