
has a small detachment at Lawrenceburg, and will have his main force near where the road form Waynesborough to Mount Pleasant intersects the Lawrenceburg road. You will doubtless be able to communicate with him to-day.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Pulaski, Tenn., November 21, 1864.

Brigadier General R. W. JOHNSON,

Commanding Post:

GENERAL: I am directed by the commanding general to inform you that General Hatch reports the enemy still advancing toward Lawrenceburg, and to say that he desires you to remove all your material from here preparatory to abandoning the post.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. M. WHERRY,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Pulaski, Tenn., November 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General JOHNSON,

Commanding Post:

I am directed by the general commanding to say that the artillery and ammunition must be taken to the depot in the morning and loaded on the cars and sent to Columbia. Call on Captain Bridges, chief of artillery, to haul the artillery, and on Lieutenant-Colonel Hayes, chief quartermaster, for teams to haul the ammunition. General Schofield notified the general commanding that everything that cannot be transported in wagons must be sent to Columbia via railroad to-morrow; therefore, make your arrangements accordingly. We are ordered to be in readiness to march for Columbia Wednesday morning. Cox's and Wagner's divisions march to Lynnville to-morrow.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

W. H. SINCLAIR,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Waynesborough, Tenn., November 21, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Department of the Ohio:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I find no rebel force of any consequence within twenty miles of this place. Small rebel scouts are encountered on all the roads, whose object appears to be to watch our movements. A small party was met at Clifton, who retreated as my men entered the town. The scout toward West Point went within three miles of the town, but the roads becoming impassable and no rebels being reported there, returned here about midnight. They

