
the Thirteenth Kentucky, Colonel Buckley's regiment, Colonel Stanhope's regiment, and Johnson's regiment, now at Paris. Press very man forward. The men armed with the Spencer carbine have only 100 rounds to the man. I will expect you to come forward as soon as you have all your forces on the road. Where is Colonel Wade?

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, MILITARY DIST. OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., November 21, 1864-11.30 a.m.

Brevet Major-General BURBRIDGE,

Crab Orchard, Ky.:

Your two dispatches just received. I am using every possible exertion to hurry forward the troops. Buckley's regiment is here; only seventy-five are mounted. Stanhope is coming, but not yet arrived, and telegraphs that he has no horses or equipments. I am pressing horses as rapidly as possible, and will work night and day to push everything forward. Shall I take Johnson from the Covington railroad? It will be destroyed if I move his regiment. I understood he was to remain as a guard. I do not believe I can get saddles enough to mount Buckley, Stanhope, and Forty-fifth, let along Johnson. I will come in person with the rear as your order, but I think it dangerous for both of us to be absent at this time. The following just received. I have sent. Weatherford stringent orders to push forward by Somerset by forced marches:

COLUMBIA, November 21, 1864.

Captain J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Men from Glasgow have not got here. One of the men says they lost several men drowned in attempting to swim Barren River. Guerrillas ran into a company at Campbellsville yesterday evening; killed and wounded five men. Said to be large force between Lebanon and the Junction.

J. W. WEATHERFORD,

Colonel Thirteenth Kentucky Cavalry.

I am in a peck of trouble, but will work through and push everything with all my power.

Answer if I shall come in person.

N. C. McLEAN,

Brigadier-General.

CRAB ORCHARD, November 21, 1864.

Brigadier General N. C. McLEAN:

The Thirtieth Kentucky will come by Versailles and Nicholasville to Camp Nelson to-night. The Thirty-ninth and Forty-fifth, Buckley and Stanhope, must be sent forward to-morrow night to Camp Nelson, so as to leave Wednesday morning, and push on the Cumberland Gap by forced marches. Seize any and all horses to mount these men. See if there are not horses for them at Camp Nelson. Have orders in reference to the seizure of horses carried out to the letter. Send either Forty-ninth Indiana, Forty-sixth Indiana, or half of the One hundred and fifteenth Colored Infantry to relieve Colonel Johnson, on the Covington railroad. Have saddles brought from Louisville, mount Johnson, and send him forward at once. You will also see that all the horses

