
from pastures that will do are brought, and all horses in wagons and ambulances and in possession of officers and attaches at Lexington, Paris, Covington, Mount Sterling, and Camp Nelson are taken. Send an officer to see that these orders are carried out, and that all troops march so as to reach Cumberland Gap on Friday. If you need any more men Captain Dickson will order up the regiment recently returned from the front, now in General Ewing's command.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CRAB ORCHARD, November 21, 1864.

Brigadier General N. C. McLEAN:

The general commanding directs me to say you had better remain in Lexington. Leave Johnson to guard the Lexington railroad. Horses are arriving rapidly at Camp Nelson. Ask Captain Restieaux how many he can furnish you for Stanhope's and Buckley's regiments; also what equipments are there. Did you get the saddles from Louisville? Where are the Thirtieth Kentucky, Thirty-ninth Kentucky, and Fifth U. S. Colored Cavalry? Answer.

JAMES S. BRISBIN,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

LEXINGTON, November 21, 1864-5.45 p.m.

Colonel JAMES S. BRISBIN,

Crab Orchard, Ky.:

Wade's battalion has just left here in good shape. The Thirtieth is at Frankfort; will here to-morrow and be pushed forward immediately. The Thirtieth Kentucky Cavalry is marching under stringent orders. Buckley's command, 700, is now being mounted here. Stanhope's regiment, 250, has just arrived. The Thirty-ninth is still pressing horses for the dismounted men. All is being done that is possible. We hope to have enough saddles and equipments. Horses come in slowly, but will get enough. General McLean hopes to get everything started and leave himself Thursday morning.

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, November 21, 1864-10.45 p.m.

Colonel JAMES S. BRISBIN,

Crab Orchard, Ky.:

Osborne's letter is about Lieutenant-Governor Jacob, who, he understands, has been refused by the rebels and returned to our lines. Osborne says he is getting up a petition to the President in the case, and urges General Burbridge to modify, in some way, his sentence of being sent to the rebels. Let me know the general's views. Have sent orders to General McLean about the Thirtieth and Johnson's and Stanhope's regiments.

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

