
LEBANON, November 21, 1864.

Captain J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your dispatch to me at Columbia received here to-night. My regiment is all here except two companies. I will move on as soon as possible. I have about sixty rounds to the man. General Hobson retained twenty men at Greensburg. I had four men killed in Campbellsville yesterday evening. Guerrillas all over the country.

J. W. WEATHERFORD,

Colonel Thirteenth Kentucky Cavalry.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST DIV., MIL. DIST. OF KENTUCKY,No. 135. Lexington, Ky., November 21, 1864.

I. The One hundred and fifteenth U. S. Colored Infantry, having reported for duty, is assigned to the post of Lexington, Ky., and will report Colonel S. W. Price, commanding.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Brigadier General N. C. McLean:

J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOVEMBER 21, 1864-11 a.m.

Brigadier General S. MEREDITH,

Paducah, Ky.:

Please have all the troops at Paducah that have been ordered to report to me ready to embark on steamer on Friday, the 25th instant, with ten days' rations fro the men and six days' forage for the animals. The boats will be sent to you in good time.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 22, 1864-9 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

The following dispatch just received from General Hatch is forwarded for your information:

LAWRENCEBURG, November 22-10 a.m.

Major-General THOMAS:

My command reached this point last night. The enemy attacked my picket at 8 o'clock this morning; as the force, whatever it was, was repulsed, I do not think it the advance of the enemy's column; shall learn before night; probably a reconnaissance of the enemy. I am almost sure the enemy's infantry will march through Lawrenceburg. The cavalry of the enemy remains near the enemy's infantry, and renders an attack upon it unsafe for me. The entire movement has an appearance of Columbia or some point north of Pulaski. A scouting party of the enemy of twelve men passed Lawrenceburg yesterday, going toward Lynnville or Campbellsville; they mean either to cut or tap the telegraph.

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

(Copy to Major-General Schofield, Pulaski.)

