
Major-General Stoneman telegraphs me from Knoxville that the enemy are all on the east side of the Holston River; railroad bridge over Flat Creek [rebuilt]; railroad trains running to Strawberry Plains; enemy's strength, so far as he could learn, was 3,500 to 4,000. General Stoneman desires to use the troops stationed at Loudon and Athens, and also at Charleston and Cleveland, provided they can be relieved by other troops. I have telegraphed General Steedman, at Chattanooga, to relieve these troops, so as to permit their going to General Stoneman, at Knoxville. My report from General Granger, at Decatur, states that courier just in (2 p.m. this day) from Brown's Feery reports all quiet there and at mouth of Elk River; Elk River too high to be forded and still rising.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 22, 1864-10.30 p.m.

Major T. T. ECKERT:

Position nearly the same as at date of the last report. Weather suddenly cold and clear. Trains captured, and railroad and telegraph destroyed near White Bluffs, on the Northwestern railroad, yesterday. Road and line now repaired and working.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

No. 286. Washington, November 22, 1864.

Officers serving in the field are permitted to dispense with shoulder-straps and the prescribed insignia of rank on their horse equipments. The marks of rank prescribed to be worn on the shoulder-straps will be worn on the shoulder in place of the strap. Officers are also permitted to wear overcoats of the same color and shape as those of the enlisted men of their command. No ornaments will be required on the overcoats, hats, or forage caps; nor will sashes or epaulettes be required.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PULASKI, November 22, 1864-10 a.m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville:

I have reports from Waynesborough as late as 2 p.m. [yesterday] and from Lawrenceburg up to 9 o'clock last night. No indication of any further advance of the enemy. I have not heard directly from General Hatch since his report of 8 a.m. yesterday. A portion of his forceis at Lawrenceburg. I reckon Hood was unable to move yesterday.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

