
a reputation for your regiment that is surpassed by none in service; your record is without a blemish. For evidence of your gallantry you can refer with pride to any of the many battles in which you have been engaged. For no act of yours during the campaign of three years have you cause to regret; on no battle-field have you ever betrayed that great confidence reposed in you as a regiment. Y0u have done honor for yourselves, honor to your State, and nobly have you defended the great cause for which three years ago you pledged your all. Those of you who are left can now go to your homes with the satisfaction of knowing that you have done your whole duty. But while congratulating you who are about to return to your friends at home, we must not forget the gallant dead whom you have left on many a crimsoned field, and who, by their deeds of noble daring, assisted you in making your regiment the pride of your State. Go to their friends, when you arrive at home, and carry to them the sincere sympathy of this brigade, and accept the congratulations and well wishes of all for yourselves.

By order of Brigadier-General Beatty:

W. S. S. ERB,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

JOHNSONVILLE, November 22, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

General Ruger left with one regiment at 8.30 this a.m.

GEO. L. BINNEY,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, November 22, 1864-10.30 a.m.

Brigadier-General RUGER,

White Bluffs:

How soon can you get here? I wish to see you on your arrival, but keep your troops on the cars, so as to start for Columbia as soon as I have seen you. Will order another train in place of the one burned.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

WHITE BLUFFS, TENN., November 22, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

I except to be in Nashville about 4 p.m. I will report on arrival.

THOS. H. RUGER,

Brigadier-General.

WHITE BLUFFS, November 22, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

The leading section of train to take brigade from Johnsonville was run off and burned and track injured, about 10 o'clock yesterday morning, thirty-seven miles from Nashville. I started with 300 on morning train from Johnsonville; reached wreck 12.30; sent back to next station for tools to repair track, also to have arrangements for having

