
the road repaired. Two of the trains are still at this point waiting to go to Johnsonville. One more train is needed to take place of one burned. Only the 300 men have left Johnsonville.

THOS. H. RUGER,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, November 22, 1864.

Brevet Major-General WILSON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: General Watkins reported to the headquarters to-day that his brigade is en route, well mounted, and that forage is stationed at intervals along the road, as directed by Captain Carling. The Eleventh Indiana will be ready to march in a day or two with sufficient transportation. The colonel has been slow in handing in his requisitions for arms. I have sent him a positive order to-night to hand them in immediately. The Eleventh Indiana will number about 800 men, armed with saber and Maynard carbine. The Seventh Ohio will probably be ready to march on Saturday 600 strong, armed with saber and Burnside carbine. The Fourth Tennessee and detachment of the Third will probably be ready to march also on Saturday, 600 strong, armed with saber and Maynard carbine. I handed in your application for the battery to-day; I think we will be able to get it. The Tenth and Twelfth Tennessee are getting in their requisitions, and I shall endeavor to get them mounted and equipped as soon as possible. I have ordered Captain Van Antwerp, Fourth, and Captain L. T. Griffin, Fourth Michigan Cavalry (General Garrard's staff), to report for duty. I telegraphed to-day to General Johnson to send the Ninth Indiana as soon as it could be spared from the front.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LYNNVILLE, November 22, 1864-1.30 p.m.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Telegraph to General Hammond to report as soon as possible; assign him temporarily to the command of the Indiana regiments and Fourth Tennessee. Ask General Thomas to order the detachments with Granger at once to Nashville; fit them up and get the regiments together. Tell Captain Green to fix up the Tenth and Twelfth Tennessee; work night and day until it is done; order them to report to Hatch, via Columbia. I want the Fourth [U. S.] Cavalry as soon as possible, with all its men. Don't send the Maynards to Capron until further orders. I with General Johnson to take command of Capron's brigade and the one to be commanded by Hammond till Knipe arrives. Explain to General Thomas how much my force in the field will be increased by this arrangement, and how necessary it is to have it got out as soon as possible. Answer, to care of General Schofield, here or at Columbia; he will be there at noon to-morrow. If you haven't sent Johnson, he need not come farther than Columbia.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

