HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, Tenn., November 22, 1864.

Lieutenant JOSEPH HEDGER,

Commanding Fourth U. S. Cavalry:

LIEUTENANT: You will proceed with your command to White Bluffs on the line of the Nashville and Northwestern Railroad; examine the country closely in the vicinity of the summit; break any organized band of guerrillas you may encounter. Seize all the inhabitants suspected as being engaged in the destruction of the railroad train on the 20th November. Take every precaution you may deem necessary for the safety of your command, and arrest and bring to Nashville any parties who cannot give a satisfactory account of themselves and their loyalty. Having accomplished this duty, you will return to Nashville and report the result of your expedition to these headquarters. The expedition will be gone five or six days at the utmost.

By comand of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOUISVILLE, November 22, 1864.

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of General Orders, No. 9, headquarters Cavalry Corps, on yesterday. I would much prefer seeing the general commanding before suggesting the changes he desires instituted in reorganizing the division. The Third Brigade, as you were before advised, has already left for Nashville. The Second Brigade will not be ready for the field for some time. All the necessary requisitions are in, but the material is not here to fill them, except camp and garrison equipage and clothing; this I will have to-day. Nothing can be done toward supplying equipments, &amp;c., here. Major Chambliss has done everything in his power, and we can only wait patiently until supplied from Washington. My reports and returns cannot be supplied until the First Brigade (General Croxton's) are received.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Division, Cavalry Corps.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, Tenn., November 22, 1864.

Brigadier-General LONG,

Commanding Second Division, Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: General Wilson left this place for Pulaski, Tenn., last evening to direct the operations of the cavalry against the enemy. The corps, division, and brigade flags have been decided upon, and the corps quartermaster has already put in requisition for them. You will be supplied as soon as they are received. The division flag is a white swallow tail, with blue cross-sabers and red figures denoting the division number; the figures in the upper and lower angles. I will inclose a copy of the general order prescribing the flags. The old tactics will be used as heretofore. The general prefers the blouse to the jacket, but I believe it is his intention that each division shall either draw all

