
knew of any other than the main valley road. I waited until the corporal came up, then went on up the valley; made inquiries along the route, but could hear only of six rebels, who passed up toward Valley Head early that morning. Of course this was the same party I heard of at Trenton. I found a man named Pangle (disloyal) living at the fork of the road near Johnson's Crook; got forage from him, and went into camp. Distance from camp to Trenton, eleven miles; distance from Trenton to Johnson's Crook, twelve miles; distance traveled first day, twenty-three miles; road bad. Next day we ascended the mountain and went toward Dougherty's Gap; met no one until within three miles of the gap; there found a man named Withers (loyal) living there; tried to get all the information I could from him. He believed Gatewood with his gang of guerrillas was at or near Lebanon; did not think there were any troops in McLemore's Cove; said that Hammock and part of Freeman's gang were at Valley Head, probably twenty men in all. I then went on to Dougherty's Gap; found nothing there; came back and took the road toward Valley Head; halted at Ellison's (rebel), about four miles from where the road takes down the mountain; met a woman there who came from Valley Head samd day. She said she saw Hammock there with five of his and twelve of Freeman's gang. Went into camp at Ellison's. Distance from Johnson's Crook to Dougherty's Gap, fourteen miles; distance from Dougherty's Gap to Ellison's, eight miles; distance traveled second day, twenty-two miles; road good. Started early the following day for Valley Head; found the road down the mountain pretty steep and rought. One of the horses (belonging to Company C) became so lame he could not keep up and I was obliged to leave him in charge of the guide (Blaylock), with others to take him back on the mountain road to camp. When we got within a short distance of the foot of the mountain saw a mounted rebel in the road ahead of us, toward Will's Valley; as soon as he saw us he turned and ran; we gave chase, but he turned into the woods and made his escape. Turned back and took the road down the valley; learned from the citizens that there was a party of from eight to twelve rebels gone ahead of us about three hours. The guide thought they were Walker's men, from the fact that most of them appeared to be mounted on mules, the tracks in the road being quite plain. About six miles from Valley Head found a trail leading to the left of the main valley road; could not learn where it led to, but saw the tracks of a small party who had passed up on it a short time previous to our coming there. Came on down the valley to Johnson's Crook, and there heard of the party under Sergeant Spidle; in hopes of being able to join them I came on to within three miles of Trenton, where I learned that they had gone back to camp. Halted with the intention of remaining all night there, and sent two men to report to you, but seeing the condition that arms and ammunition of some of the men were in, owing to the heavy and incessant rain, and taking into consideration the fact that most of the men had been up two nights already and too much worn out to do guard or picket duty, I deemed it advisable to return to camp. Distance from Ellison's to Johnson's Crook, eighteen miles; distance from Johnson's Crook to Camp, twenty-three miles; distance traveled third day, forty-one miles.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEWIS SELGRADE,

Sergeant Company D.

