
TILTON, November 22, 1864.

Major S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I will withdraw my command from this place to-day. Shall I destroy the bridge and buildings?

H. D. MOORE,

Captain, Commanding Sixty-eighth Indiana Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH,Chattanooga, November 22, 1864.

Captain MOORE,

Tilton:

You will not burn the bridge or buildings at Tilton. You will fall back with the working party.

By command of Major-General Steedman:

S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, November 22, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

I arrived last night at 12. The enemy are all on the east side of the Holston River. Railroad bridge over Flat Creek rebuilt, and trains running to Strawberry Plains. Enemy in strength, as near as I can find out, 3,500 to 4,000. The Second Ohio Heavy Artillery, Colonel Gibson, has not seen any field service, and I propose to use it all, if its place can be filled at Loudon and Athens; also, the First Ohio, now at Charleston and Cleveland, Colonel C. G. Hawley, if General Steedman can replace them by anything. Ground covered with show and weather cold.

GEO. STONEMAN,

Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, November 22, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

As I wrote you I should, I have come here. General Burbridge is on the way here, via Cumberland Gap, with all the mounted force he can raise. Breckinridge, with from 3,000 to 4,000 men, has fallen back to the east side of the Holston River. The bridge over Flat Creek is repaired. The horses for the Tenth Michigan Cavalry are now on the way here. General Gillem is now acting under my orders. Kingston, as a depot, has been broken up, it being no longer needed, and the troops will be moved up to Loudon. I propose giving the Second Ohio Heavy Artillery something to do in the field, also the First Ohio Heavy Artillery, if their places at Cleveland and Charleston can be supplied by Steedman's forces. I shall find it necessary to remain here some time; will write you at length in a day or two.

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General.

