
PADUCAH, KY., November 23, 1864.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

GENERAL: I left Louisville at 12.20 p.m. Monday, arrived here at 7.15 a.m. Wednesday6. General Smith will be here on Friday. General Meredith is preparing to send troops away to-day. I will leave on the first boat.

M. J. KELLY,

Lieutenant, &amp;c.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 23, 1864-10 p.m.

Major T. T. ECKERT:

General Hatch reports that Hood's infantry drove him from his position on the Lawrenceburg road to-day. Schofield's headquarters is at Lynn Station this night, and the railroad from there to Decatur is now abandoned, as Decatur, Huntsville, and all to Stevenson will be to-morrow. Hatch skirmished with Hood's advance all day, and says his main force is there. He saw no cavalry, and thinks that has gone to destroy the railroad between Nashville and the Tennessee River. Nothing from Georgia or East Tennessee. Telegraph and railroad all right to Dalton and Knoxville and to Lynn and Decatur now.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

PULASKI, TENN., November 23, 1864-[8 a.m.]

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville:

I have Hatch's report of 8.15 p.m., which has been forwarded to you. I will go to Lynnville this morning, and from there according to information. Stanley will move his main force this p.m. as far as Lynnville, leaving a rear guard here. The trains are so slow I fear some property cannot be removed, but I will try to get it all off.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, November 23, 1864-12.30 p.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Pulaski and Lynnville:

Your dispatch of 8 a.m. this day just received. Have the necessary orders been given to enable General Croxton to withdraw all his troops from Shoal Creek? Your action in regard to withdrawal to Lynnville preparatory to concentration on Columbia is perfectly correct.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

LYNNVILLE, November 23, 1864-4 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville:

Your dispatch is received. I presume General Hatch has given the necessary orders to Croxton's troops, but an not certain. I hope to hear from him soon.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

