
LYNNVILLE, November 23, 1864-10.30 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville:

I have heard from General Hatch as late as noon to-day. He is satisfied Hood's infantry marched from Lawrenceburg toward Columbia this morning. Hatch is moving, via Campbellsville, to keep on the enemy's flank. Stanley will march from here at 3 o'clock in the morning. I hope to get later news from Hatch or Wilson to-night.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

COLUMBIA, November 23, 1864.

Major WHERRY,

Aide-de-Camp:

The information from Colonel Capron is that he has been fighting all day and falling back eight miles to Mount Pleasant. General Ruger has telegraphed General Schofield all particulars.

S. A. STRICKLAND,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Pulaski, Tenn., November 23, 1864-7.30 a.m.

Major General D. S. STANLEY,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps, Pulaski, Tenn.:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to inform you that he has information from General Hatch, dated 11 p.m. yesterday, which leaves little doubt that Hood is advancing, his infantry advance being in Lawrenceburg last night. Forrest is striking for the railroad, and may possibly reach it to-day. General Schofield will go to Lynnville this morning, and he desires you to have all the railroad trains loaded and started to the rear at as early an hour this a.m. as possible, and also to have your whole command in readiness to march to Lynnville this p.m. should it become necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Pulaski, Tenn., November 23, 1864.

Orders for to-day, November 23.

The troops of this command will march on the Columbia pike to the vicinity of Lynnville, starting at 2 p.m. to-day.

Order of march: One brigade of the Third Division will lead; then train, the headquarters corps and Third Division, the ammunition train of the division; then the corps hospital train and ambulance train of the Second Division; then the general supply train of corps; then regimental trains of the corps; then the remaining brigades of the

