HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, November 24 [23], 1864-11 a.m.

Brigadier-General RUGER,

Columbia:

Send the two most reliable regiments you have to Williamsport and Centerville, to guard the fords across Duck River, as soon as you can. Answer.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

COLUMBIA, November 23, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Just received dispatch. The Ninety-first Indiana, Colonel Mehringer, and One hundred and twenty-third Indiana, Colonel J. C. McQuiston, will start for Centerville and Williamsport in an hour.

THOS. H. RUGER,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

COLUMBIA, November 23, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Colonel Mehringer, of Ninety-first Indiana, sent this afternoon to Centerville, sent me a report that he had seen a citizen from Perry County, who reported most of Forrest's command north of Duck River in Perry County. I have sent for the man and will report if he has any knowledge of the matter. Colonel Capron reports having been driven eight miles to-day to Mount Pleasant by superior force of enemy. He did not send report as to number of enemy and said he did not know but he would be obliged to fall back here, but would try to hold on. The officer left him about 8 p.m. There are only about 800 to 1,000 muskets here now. I have sent, by telegraph and messenger, information to General Schofield, who, I am informed, is eighteen miles from here. I expect Colonel Moore's brigade some time during the night. Have disposed of the force here for defense.

THOS. H. RUGER,

Brigadier-General.

COLUMBIA, November 23, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Pulaski:

Colonel Capron sends word that he was driven back to Mount Pleasant to-day; was there at 8 this evening; did not know but he should be obliged to fall back here, says enemy has superior force. There is at this place only the Seventy-second Illinois, a part of the One hundred and eleventh and Fiftieth Ohio, in all about 800 muskets. Colonel Moore's brigade left Johnsonville this a.m.; I do not know whether it will get here to-night. If practicable, I think it would be advisable to have more force here by morning. I can form no idea by Colonel Capron's report of the numbers of the enemy. I arrived here this afternoon,

