HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Nashville, Tenn., November 26, 1862.

Colonel S. D. BRUCE, Russellville, Ky.:

Look out for the enemy, and endeavor to make them wish they had never crossed the river. I have notified General Thomas to take care of them should they endeavor to cross the river or lie in ambush. You must dispose of them if they go

toward Clarksville. General McCook sends two regiments toward Clarksville to cut them off.

C. R. THOMPSON,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS,Nashville, Tenn., November 26, 1862.

Col. W. W. LOWE,

Commanding Officer, Fort Donelson, Tenn.;

Twelve hundred rebel cavalry crossed the Cumberland at Harpeth Shoals yesterday. Be alert. Send out scouts and try to waylay and cut them [off] upon their return. Two infantry [regiments] go from here in wagons tonight in direction of Clarksville, and a brigade

from Tyree Springs in direction of Springfield for the same purpose.

By order of major-general Rosecrans:

J. P. GARESCHE.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Nashville, Tenn., November 26, 1862.

Major-General THOMAS, Gallatin.;

Colonel Bruce telegraphs from Russellville that he has reliable information that 1,200 rebel cavalry crossed the Cumberland near Harpeth Shoals yesterday. Send scouts in every direction that they may go. Notify all your troops on the railroad line. Ascertain if Rousseau has a brigade foraging in the direction of Springfield; if so, notify, him, and let him try to cut them off. If he has none there, he had better send, in wagons if he has them, two sharp regiments. Their design is no doubt to strike the railroad or a train. Let me know if you have any news about their movements. Endeavor to make them wish they had never come over.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. R. THOMPSON,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS,Gallatin, November 26, 1862.

Colonel J. P. GARESCHE, Chief of Staff:

Have ordered Rousseau to send two of his best regiments in wagons to intercept rebel cavalry, and capture or drive them on McCook's troops, sent toward Clarksville.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

