
GALLATIN, November 26, 1862.

General ROSECRANS:

I learn to-day that a portion of Morgan's cavalry is in Cairo bend of the Cumberland. If so, cannot some cavalry be sent from Nashville to get in their and capture them or cut them to pieces?

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, November 26, 1862

Brigadier Gen., J. T. BOYLE,

Commanding, &amp;c., Louisville, Ky.,:

GENERAL: The letter of Colonel John W. Foster, commanding at Henderson, Ky., reporting the arrest in Webster County of J. M. Pritchett, on the charge of murder, and recommending the appointment of a military commission for his trial,has been received. If, as represented in the statement of the two citizens of Webster County, the civil authorities of that county are in such a deranged condition as to render it impossible for Pritchett to be tried at this time by such authorities, it would, it is believed, be proper to institute a military commission for the trial, if the crime he in violation of the laws of war, or the punishment therefor necessary to restore the authority of the Government. Whether the present case would come under either of these heads,as the actual circumstances attending the murder are not stated. Even if a commission could be instituted as above, it should be done after ascertaining definitely that the authorities are powerless, and to this end a copy of Colonel Foster's letter and inclosure have been referred to the Governor of Kentucky, with request that he will state whether or not the civil authorities can act if sustained by a military force.

Very respectfully,your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, November 27, 1862.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT, Cincinnati:

GENERAL: Your letter of 21st, with inclosures, is just received. Your explanations of the course pursued by you in regard to General Buell's General Orders, Numbers 49. are to me perfectly satisfactory, and I have no doubt will be so to the Secretary of War. You know the practice of our Government to listen to the representations of civilians, especially politicians, who think they know much better than our generals how military affairs should be conducted. As such representations are general incorrect, even where not untrue, I do not usually act upon them unless directed to investigate or report on them. In your case, the outside pressure has sometimes been so strong that I could hardly resist it.

In regard to your general administration, I have had no doubt. I feared, however, that local influences in Kentucky had induced you to adopt a policy not sufficiently rigid.. Indeed, it has been so represented by the various delegations which have been sent here. I, myself, while in command of the department, released, on the solicitation of Union

