HEADQUARTERS,Nashville, November 27, 1862.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS, Gallatin:

Where are your troops; what doing; where moving? Report fully. By command:

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, November 27, 1862

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT,

Lexington, Ky.:

The following dated this day, just received:

Major McLEAN:

Operator at Cave City reports Morgan encamped last night near Glasgow. Lieutenant Carson, acting commissary there, asks what to do with public stores. I have advised General Rosecrans, and have directed Colonel Hall commanding brigade at Munfordville, to protect the stores and attack and whip Morgan. If the stores could not be protected, to destroy them as last resort. Scott or Forrest reported at Celina, on the Cumberland. My scout reports 6,000 rebels at Sparta.

BOYLE,

Snowing hard.

McLEAN,

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 23. Nashville, Tenn., November 27, 1862.

Information having reached these headquarters to the effect that large quantities of good of every description are being sold by settlers and other parties to citizens, and by them being passed beyond the lines of this army, thereby giving aid and comfort to the enemy, the following regulations will hereafter be strictly observed:

I. All army settlers are required to join their regiments, and they will not be permitted to sell goods to any but persons connected with the army.

II. No sutler will be permitted to ship boots, shoes,or any articles of clothing to his regiment, unless he first obtain a certificate from the commanding officer of the regiment, stating that such articles and quantities (which must in all cases be specified) are absolutely necessary for the comfort, of this men, and also receive a permit from the colonel, approved by brigade and division commanders, for the shipment of such goods to the regiment.

III. No persons whatever, other than regular settlers, will hereafter be permitted to follow this army or to establish themselves within its lines.

IV. In towns and cities, now or hereafter within the lines of this army, no person will be allowed to sell goods needed for the use of resident citizens unless he be a resident trader. To such, upon application to the provost-marshall-general or provost-marshall of the post,, a permit, with such restrictions as he may deem necessary, will be granted, proper assurance being given of the loyalty and fidelity of the applicant.

V. Any person or persons found shipping, selling, or attempting to sell goods, either directly or indirectly,in violation of the above orders,

