HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Nashville, November 29, 1862.

Major-General THOMAS, Gallatin:

Brigadier-General GRANGER, Bowling Green:

Colonel BRUCE, Russellville:

Colonel HAMBRIGHT, Mitchellsville:

Notify your officers that Morgan has sent over a lot of soldiers in citizens' dress to loaf around and injure the railroad. Troops ought to patrol the neighborhood of their stations, to know the settlers, and arrest all interlopers. Whoever cannot give a good account of themselves shoot or hang on the nearest tree.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

R. S. THOMS,

Aide-de-Camp.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 25. Nashville, Tenn., November 29, 1862.

I. There will be the following roll-calls among the troops in this corps d'armee, in bivouacs, and at posts: Reveille roll-call, dinner rollcall, retreat roll-call, tattoo roll-call. Absentees from any of these will be summarily and rigorously punished. All company officers will be required to be present at reveille and retreat roll-calls, and at others at least one commissioned officer will be present with each company. All officers neglecting the execution of this order must be promptly arrested.

II. No officer or soldier will be permitted to leave the camps of their respective commands without a written permission of the superior officer present; that is, they will not be allowed to pass the regimental lines without the permission of the regimental commander, those of the brigade without that of the brigade commander, or those of the division without the written pass of the division commander. All officers and soldiers found outside the limits of their camps without written authority will be promptly arrested.

The magnitude of the evils which this order is designed to remedy, and the increased vigor which the observance of its provisions will give to our service, must be obvious to all; and the general commanding personally appeals to both officers and men to aid him in bringing it into full operation.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CONFEDERATE STATES FORCES,November 29, 1862.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS, Comdg. United States Forces:

SIR: Your attention is called to the copy of a communication herewith inclosed. The arrest and detention of this officer under the circumstances must certainly be the result of error or ignorance. His prompt and unconditional release, with an explanation of so unusual a procedure, is confidently expected.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

