
[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS SUB-DIVISION, MIDDLE TENNESSEE,Tennessee, November 24, 1862.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE:

SIR: Some six weeks since W. H. Hawkins, a member of the Twenty-second Tennessee Volunteers, acting adjutant of a battalion of Partisan Rangers, commanded by Captain Algee, C. S. Army, was ordered by his commander to Trenton, Tenn., with a flag of truce. For some reason not known to me, the flag was disregarded, and said Hawkins is at present confined as a prisoner at military prison at Alton, Ill. I, upon assuming command at this place, sent a flag of truce to the Federal commander at Trenton, demanding the release of Mr. Hawkins, but am sorry to say that, up to the present time, said demand has not been complied with. Mr. Hawkins has done good service to his country on various occasions. Captain Algee, the commander of the battalion, was authorized by General Beauregard to form a battalion.

I refer this case to you, and hope you may advise me as to what course to pursue, so that Mr. Hawkins may be speedily released and returned to the service.

Yours, &amp;c.,

G. W. BLACK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, C. S Army, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn.. November 29, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

GENERAL: Your communication of this date, inclosing a communication in reference to Adjutant Hawkins, stating to have been the bearer of a flag of truce, and detained and imprisoned at Alton, is received. The troops who are said to have disregarded the flag were then, and are still, under the command of Major-General Wright, to whom your letter and inclosure has been referred. I have received no information, official or unofficial, in regard to the matter. The remoteness of the point to which this flag was directed the fact that subordinate officers have taken the liberty, at least in one instance during my command,to make use of a flag of truce to communicate with the outposts of our army, induces me to call your attention to the necessity of giving such instructions as are needful to preserve the legitimate use of it. The flag must come from the senior officer commanding, and follow the most direct route. I shall endeavor in this, as in all other things, to conform to the laws and usages of war, and I doubt not such conformity will be reciprocated by you.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

LEXINGTON, November 30, 1862

General ROSECRANS:

A reliable scout, just in from Cumberland Gap, says there are there one regiment of Mississippi infantry (mostly sick) and part of battalion of Nix's cavalry. No troops at Baptist Gap. At Woods' and Rogers' Gap, a few cavalry. At Big Creek, one North Carolina regiment, en-

