
ing Saint Cloud to the front and left thereof, from which they fired this morning; that the operations of to-day are simply for reconnaissance and to bewilder us, and also, if possible, to do injury by the destruction of property and the bridge.

Major Lewis' opinion is fixed by the knowledge he has of the person who informed him, for he repeated his estimate more than once of his capacity and standing, and the major thinks that General Rosecrans should be reached even if a large number of messengers be sent one after the other. He is evidently of the opinion that there is no adequate force within the city to hold it. There was but one saving clause in the information, viz, that though the enemy had ample artillery it was not positively known if it were all up yet.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. SIDELL,

Major Fifteenth U. S. Infantry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. Gen.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION,Glasgow, Ky., November 5, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel ARTHUR C. DUCAT,

[Acting] Chief of Staff:

SIR: A cavalry detachment, which I sent out to capture some rebel soldiers to-day, has just returned, bringing three of them in. One, a corporal, who deserted as Bragg passed through this place advancing into Kentucky; the other two deserted on the night of the 30th ultimo at Murfreesborough, Tenn. They belong to Breckinridge's division, which they say was there, consisting of tan regiments. They were transported by rail from Knoxville to Bridgeport, ferried over the Tennessee River, and then carried by rail from thence to Murfreesborough. The division was to advance toward Nashville the next day (31st) after their desertion, and it was to be supported by the whole of Bragg's army, under command of Joe Johnston, and moving into Middle Tennessee, part by rail, by way of Chattanooga and Bridgeport, and part marching by way of Sparta. Bragg had been sent to Richmond, in arrest.

Except so far as the above statements refer to Breckinridge's division, they are, of course, mere camp rumors, entitled to credit only so far as concurrent circumstances may corroborate them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. SOOY SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Fourth Division.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, No. 8.
 Bowling Green, Ky., November 5, 1862.

I. Major General George H. Thomas is assigned to the command of the center of this army, consisting of the divisions of Rousseau, Negley, Dumont, Fry, and Palmer. The divisions of Generals Negley and Palmer will be for the present regarded as temporarily detached.

II. Major-General McCook will command the right wing; Major-General Crittenden the left. Their commands will be so designated.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

ARTHUR C. DUCAT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Chief of Staff.

