
tirely raw, and said to be conscripts; also the rest of Nix's battalion of cavalry. He could not learn the whereabouts of Kirby Smith, but the rumor was that part of the rebel army had gone to Richmond, Va., and the rest to Chattanooga, and on the line toward Nashville, and that all troops had been withdrawn from Morristown and Knoxville and sent to Chattanooga, Battle Creek, &amp;c.. He knew nothing of Finley's report, in regard to which I have directed Boyle to telegraph you. Have ordered the arrest and close confinement of Major Pettigrew, and holding him subject to your orders.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, November 30, 1862.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT,

Lexington, Ky.:

Best information shows Bragg, with three divisions, at Murfreesborough; his other troops placed carefully on the railroad back. Signs of fight at that point. Have directed Colonel Hall to Glasgow. If you can replace Granger at Bowling Green, want him down the road. Thomas to advance from Gallatin.

Yours,

ROSECRANS,
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier FIRST DIV., ARMY OF MISSISSIPPI,Camp at Stone's River, Tenn., November 30, 1862.

Major GARESCHE

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, Fourteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: The inclosed communication was brought to the lines by a lieutenant and 5 men of the rebel army. The prisoners mentioned were left at Silver Springs, not being able to come beyond that point. I refused to allow the officer or men to cross my lines, or to have any communication with them, till the prisoners were brought to the lines with the flag of truce. When so arriving, shall I permit the bearer of the flag of truce to proceed to Nashville? Not having any instructions or orders on that point, please answer.

Very respectfully,your obedient servant,

JAMES D. MORGAN

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclose]

HEADQUARTERS MORGAN'S CAVALRY BRIGADE.

Murfreesborough, November 29, 1862.

To the officer in command of the outpost of the

Federal army near Nashville;

SIR: I beg to send with a flag of truce 41 prisoners, chiefly belonging to the Second Indiana Cavalry. They were taken by a scouting party belonging to my command in the neighborhood of Hartsville yesterday morning, and have been paroled by me.

I have also as prisoner Lieutenant Brush, belonging to the same regi-

