
Although this evil has been seriously felt, and is still to a certain degree, in regard to small-arms, it has been so far reduced as to be manageable, and the interests of the public service require that the same should be done in regard to artillery. Measures should be taken to rid the service of all such irregular pieces as thus embarrass the operations of the artillery,and to supply their places with,and restrict issues in future to such, only as have been or shall be regularly, and after due tests and examinations, adopted for the land service. I desire the aid and influence of the General-in-Chief in adopting measures to effect this object, and suggest for consideration in this connection the assignment of an officer of rank and practical experience of artillery service in the field to the place of inspector of artillery, who shall be specially charged with this duty. I officer this merely as a suggestion, which,in my opinion, may effect the end in view, deferring to any other measure which may be considered more effective.

Respectfully,your obedient servant,

JAS. W. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Ordnance.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

ORDNANCE OFFICE, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C. September 11, 1862.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Chief of Staff, Headquarters of the Army:

SIR: Brigadier General William F. Barry having reported to me, in compliance with instructions from army headquarters, I beg leave to submit the following suggestions in regard to his instructions:

The objects sought to be attained in the assignment by the General-in-Chief of Brigadier-General Barry to the duty of acting inspector of artillery are: First, to prevent the further extension of the evils arising from the multiplication of different kinds and patterns of pieces of ordnance and of ammunition in the military service; second, to rid that service, as promptly as possible, from the embarrassments under which it is now suffering, in consequence of the introduction of new and untried inventions. In order to carry out these objects effectively, General Barry should receive instructions to co-operate with the Ordnance Department in the examination and modification of any requisitions or applications which that department may refer to him for his views respecting the practical wants of, or adaptation to, the artillery service of any cannon or other artillery supplies not of the regular adopted caliber, kinds, and patterns; also to make rigid inspections of all the artillery and supplies of every kind heretofore or now in service, to note every deviation therein from regularly adopted kinds and patterns, and, in conjunction with the Chief of Ordnance, to take measures for discarding them from use and for replacing them with others, so as to produce regularity, uniformity, and efficiency in the material for the artillery arm. These instructions should come from the highest military authority, in order to enable them to be executed with certainty and dispatch; and, in order effectually to prevent the recurrence of the evils now existing, a firm adherence, in all respects, to the prescribed regulations concerning changes in established patterns of ordnance and ordnance stores should be specially ordered and insisted upon.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. W. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Ordnance.

