
RUSSELLVILLE, December 1, 1862.

Colonel J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

My men drove Woodward 10 miles beyond Clarksville, toward Charlotte. From deserters I learn that he excepts to unite with Morgan and Forrest, and make a dash on this part of the State, to drive out hogs, cattle, &amp;c. I will keep posted in regard to them.

S. D. BRUCE,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Nashville, December 1, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati:

The guerrilla parties have been driven south of the Cumberland. McHenry was lent to Bruce for a few days. The occupation of Clarksville will nearly close the lines, and prevent contraband trade in that direction. Please order McHenry to occupy Clarksville, and report to me as soon as possible.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Murfreesborough, Tenn., December 2, 1862.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding United Forces, Nashville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I am in receipt of your communication of the 29th ultimo, in answer to mine of same date respecting the case of Adjutant Hawkins.

Your suggestions in regard to the uses of the flag as a means of communication between commanding officers of the opposing forces meet my entire concurrence, and will be enforced in this command. The case to which your attention was called was one between distant commanders, and of which I had no other knowledge than that derived from the papers transmitted to you.

I fully agree with you that the flag should come from the senior officer commanding, and should follow the most direct route. This is essential no less as a matter of official courtesy than as a precaution against an abuse of the legitimate use of the flag. I was surprised, therefore, to receive from one of your subordinate officers, a communication signed by himself and addressed to me, bearing equal date with your own. I inclose a copy of the same, from which you will perceive that Major-General McCook has violated both of the important features of your suggestion, the Franklin pike being one which no one really desirous of communicating directly with Murfreesborough would in ordinary times select. On the day after the receipt of your dispatch, I also received one from another of your subordinates, General Negley, which was returned. The object as well as the mode of communication was very objectionable, but was, nevertheless, accomplished by similar use of the flag, on yesterday, without my knowledge or consent. Taken in connection with your suggestion that "the flag must come from the senior officer commanding, and by the most direct route," I am led to believe that these violations of courtesy and proper form were without your knowledge, and will be provided against hereafter.

8 R R-VOL XX, PT II

