
I regret also to learn from Federal newspapers that, on a former occasion, two of General McCook's staff officers escorted a lady through the rebel lines and obtained valuable information. The system of official supervision exercised over the press induces me to call your attention to this extract, which, if true, is reprehensible beyond measure, and certainly not an exploit to be boasted of. If any abuses, such as I have referred, to have occurred in this command, they are unknown to me, and will meet with prompt correction when brought to my attention.

I shall hereafter direct that all flags from my lines shall seek yours by way of the Murfreesborough and Nashville pike, as the nearest and most direct route, and shall decline to receive communications by any other so long as we hold our present positions and relations.

In conclusion, I most cordially reciprocate your intention "in this as in all other things to conform to the laws and usages of war."

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS,Nashville, November 29, 1862

Major General BRAXTON BRAGG, Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

SIR: I have the honor to send herewith to your address, under flag of truce, a communication from Major-General Wright, of which we hope you will acknowledge the receipt. I sent it on the Franklin pike, as that is the only road on which we are sending a flag to-day, and hope it may reach you at an early day.

Respectfully, your most obedient servant,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Nashville, Tenn., December 2, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT, Frankfort, Ky:

Received corroborated reports that Woodward's cavalry, except 60, have gone to Murfreesborough. Much dissatisfaction in the neighborhood of Charlotte. Confederate money could not be passed. No blockade of rivers or railroads known in that region. I asked yesterday that McHenry be sent to Clarksville; he could control the control the country and secure a large amount of forage and provisions. No answer. Satisfactory information that large amounts of gods shipped by express from Louisville by Jews to Bowling Green and Franklin, have been sent South. Please give orders on the subject. We will endeavor to detect them. Will inform you by mail.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 2, 1862.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT, Lexington, Ky.:

Rebel strength reported in Middle Tennessee. Little or none in East Tennessee. I think it quite possible for you to seize that country south and east of Knoxville and back of the railroad. Can't you come down and see us?

ROSECRANS.

