HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Frankfort, Ky., December 2, 1862.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Your telegram in regard to Granger received. I am hard run for men,but think that by to-morrow I can arrange to relieve him. I want till then, because I am now uncertain in reference to the exact where-abouts of certain troops in the western district, which must take his place.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 29. Nashville, Tenn., December 2, 1862

I. The commanding officer of every corps, division, and brigade in this army will detail from his command a competent officer to act as topographical engineer. The officer so detailed will collect all the information accessible to him in relation to the roads, fords, ferries, bridges. mountain passes, defiles, the general configuration of the country its, resources, &amp;c., and prepare sketches of the same. The information thus collected will be promptly reported to Captain N. Michler, chief topographical engineer, on duty at these headquarters.

II. There will be likewise detailed in every corps, division, and brigade of this army, a firm, sensible,and energetic officer as provost-marshall, with a suitable provost guard, whose especial duty shall be to put down all straggling marauding, and pillaging, whether among the officers and soldiers or among the followers of this army,and to arrest and bring to trial, or, in minor cases, inflict summary punishment on all offenders.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, December 3, 1862-11 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

We have this large army here, and our chief quartermaster has not a cent to pay for the veriest trifle. His estimates have been long in. You cannot conceive the embarrassment and loss in various ways resulting. Please remedy if possible.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN.

December 3, 1862-11.55 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

News from the front shows Bragg and his forces between Tullahoma and Murfreesborough. Three divisions at the letter place. McCook and Crittenden from 3 to 6 miles in front. Thomas closing down on Nash-

