
ville. Rousseau's division arrived to-day. A brigade at Glasgow to take post at Carthage. The railroad stockades under way. Five days' rations ahead. Our ammunition and indispensable for the batteries coming down as rapidly as possible. Cavalry arms arriving slowly; they are indispensable to an effectual and steady advance, which is the only one that will avail us anything worth the cost.

Yours, truly,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Lexington, Ky., December 3, 1862.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Johnson's regiment not ready. Can't get arms or horse equipments for them. Can't figure out a force to replace Granger without exposing upper end of road, or taking troops from the district, which would not be prudent; but if you must have him, I will do the best I can. Think the enterprise you refer to is practicable, and shall communicate again about it. I can't replace the section of Andrews' battery sent to Bruce, as I have none for the purpose. Boyle will telegraph you in regard to McHenry's regiment going to Clarksville,and we will try to stop the contraband traffic at our end of the line.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 30. Nashville, Tenn., December 3, 1862

The following regulations will govern the conduct of all foraging expeditions from this army:

I. Details must be made the day before, and the expedition will start at daylight. The officer commanding will be furnished with a copy of this, and of General Orders, Numbers 17, from these headquarters.

II. The officer commanding the escort shall have command of the whole expedition, and will be held responsible for the acts or omissions of every man who, goes with it. The quartermasters and all his assistants are, therefore, to yield him implicit obedience.

III. The brigade or regimental quartermaster, or, if he be sick or absent,an officer to represent him, shall, under direction of the officer commanding, have immediate charge of the working parties, the details for which must be separate and distinct from those of the military escort. Four me, in addition to the teamsters, will be detailed to each wagon. They will remain with, forage for, and load it; and none but they will be allowed to do so. They will carry their arms, ammunition, and equipment, and must march on foot as soon as the wagons are loaded. A proper number of officers and non-commissioned officers will be detailed to superintend the working parties.

IV. When a regiment or brigade is detailed for foraging duty, whether as escort or fatigue party,every officer able for duty must accompany it. This rule is positive.

V. Rolls must be made out beforehand of all the officers and men detailed for the expedition, and none but they will be allowed to go with

