HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Bowling Green, Ky., November 6, 1862 - 11.30 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Reports, deemed nearly authentic, show Kirby Smith in East Tennessee; McCown at the gap. Two brigades at Big Creek Gap. All Bragg's command pushing for Nashville. Foote, at Murfreesborough, said they would have 100,000 men in Tennessee in ten days. They will, doubtless, make a strike to live in Tennessee. They cannot live elsewhere. They ought to abandon Mississippi, except a few points, and come here. I doubt the wisdom of sending any forces from Kentucky now. Take troops [from] Illinois, Iowa, and Minnesota. You may want all you have in Ohio and Kentucky on this line. Our two corps are advancing on Nashville rapidly. McCook will enter there to-morrow. Crittenden will probably be at Gallatin by to-morrow night.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Bowling Green, November 6, 1862 - 11 p.m.

Major-General CRITTENDEN,

Commanding Second Army Corps:

GENERAL: I send you copies of dispatches from General McCook, and commander of post at Mitchellsville. Lookout for yourself; know that your left flank and front are guarded. Communicate often, and know the communication is kept up. Push rapidly to Gallatin. Do you hear anything of Colonel Kennett or his cavalry force? Where is your advance, and when can you reach Gallatin? We are alive and ready.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

ARTHUR C. DUCAT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Chief of Staff.

[Inclosures]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CORPS, November 5, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel DUCAT, Acting Chief of Staff:

The following dispositions are made to-day: Sill and Sheridan to Edgefield Junction; Woodruff to Tyree Springs; one regiment of infantry and one company of cavalry left at Tyree, to rid the country of guerrillas and keep open communication. I will go into Nashville to-morrow myself. Will go to work and repair railroad bridges, &amp;c. My headquarters will be at Edgefield Junction to-night. I will communicate with Crittenden to-night.

A. McD. McCOOK,Major-General, Commanding.

MITCHELLSVILLE, November 6, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel ARTHUR C. DUCAT, Acting Chief of Staff:

A private, paroled at Gallatin, left on horseback this morning ; states Morgan was there with six regiments of cavalry and four howitzers, numbering about 2,400 men. Morgan was ready to move when prisoner left ; supposed he was going to Kentucky this way. Nine mounted men,

