
of the battalions to Bowling Green. I don't see how I can replace Granger's command at present, without imprudently weakening some part of our line.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

LEBANON, KY., December 4, 1862

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Three men of my acquaintance, living near Chattanooga, came to my camp yesterday, and say all Bragg's, Smith's and Breckinridge's forces have gone toward Nashville. Smith and Breckinridge crossed the mountains about 18th of November. Bragg went by railroad,and a great number of wagons crossed mountains. Rebels building four pontoon bridges over Tennessee River, between Chattanooga and Bridgeport; had declined finishing railroad bridge at Bridgeport.

had declined finishing railroad bridge at Bridgeport.

WM. CLIFT,

Commanding Seventh Regiment Tennessee Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Nashville, December 4, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

You will see by the inclosed copy of a communication,* indorsed by Major-General McCook, that a poor crippled Confederate soldier has pretend himself at our lines with your pass, but without any provisions for his wants or any evidence that he is not a spy. This appears very extraordinary,and I respectfully request an explanation of what appears to be at least an attempt, indirectly, to impose on us the risk and burden of taking care of your disabled men.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Nashville, December 4, 1862

General BRAXTON BRAGG.

GENERAL: With regard to General Orders, of your War Department, Numbers 84, # I protest against it as inhuman and barbarous. These officers have had no hearing. The accusations on which the order was probably predicated have never been referred to their superiors, and it is highly probable that the persons who have made complaints against them have been following the savage and disgraceful system of guerilla warfare, the effect of which is to breed robbers and murderers, and to carry war and desolation into peaceful communities. I speak from observation and conviction. As to complaints of outrages on citizens of Clarksville, were I to furnish you with a tithe of the complaints which I receive of the treatment of quiet and peaceful citizens of loyal men, loyal to a Government older and having better title to claim loyalty

---------------

*Not found.

#General Orders, Numbers 84. of November 10, 1862, Confederate correspondence, p. 397.

---------------

