
latter to answer for a tete-de-pont. As soon as you shall have chosen the site, press forward the work on it vigorously. You will keep open your communications with Hartsville, protect, the river line, and guard the crossings as far on either side of Carthage as your force will permit you to do so, and scout the country all around, particularly in the direction of Sparta and Barkersville. Your supplies you will draw from Gallatin,but you will endeavor, as far as it can be done, to subsist your troops on the country, giving receipts for everything you take, as prescribed in General Orders, Numbers 17, from these headquarters. It is thought that you can at least procure corn enough, and have it ground, to enable you to issue corn-meal in lieu of flour three times a week.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, December 5, 1862

Brig. General J. T. BOYLE, U. S. Volunteers.

Comdg. Western District of Kentucky, Louisville:

The general commanding desires you will give no pass to any woman, nor, except for reasons which cannot be resisted, to any man, to visit this city or any of the places occupied by this army. While the general is unable to bring up troops or supplies, for want of transportation, men and women are rushing in here in crowds, to the injury of discipline and to our serious inconvenience. The express company, too, is, by connivance probably of subordinates, getting an undue share of rail transportation, when we need all we can get. Please look to all these things.

By command of General Rosecrans:

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

LOUISVILLE, December 5, 1862

Major-General ROSECRANS:

About 3,000 convalescents here. Can send 1,000 hale, hearty men belonging to your army if you will allow a train to be taken for the purpose. Can I take train and send the men? Anxious to do it.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,

Russellville, Ky., December 5, 1862

Colonel GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff, Nashville:

COLONEL; Your dispatch in regard to the occupation of Clarksville by Colonel McHenry is received. General Boyle is unwilling that I should send the regiment there at present. My command has been much reduced by leaving behind the Ninth Michigan Volunteers at Bowling Green, and the ordering away of the Fourth Kentucky Cavalry. They leave to-morrow. I have also been compelled to furnish Brigadier-General Granger with a battalion of cavalry for scouting purposes, that

