
he may guard against a raid upon the railroad above. Another battalion has been engaged in removing obstructions from the Cumberland, in the vicinity of Eddyville and Cadiz, in order that you may get supplies by way of the river upon the slightest rise. There is considerable contraband trade carried on in this country,and it requires a considerable force, as well as a very active one, to cover the avenues.

We are capturing a number of returned soldiers, and many of them are reporting themselves of their own accord. The active sympathizers and aiders of these guerrillas are being made to feel the power of the Government,and indemnify Union men for the property stolen or destroyed by paying for the same in cash.

Hoping the above will meet your approval, I remain, very respectfully, yours.

S. D. BRUCE,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-NINTH BRIGADE,Hartsville, Tenn., December 5, 1862

Brigadier General E. DUMONT,

Commanding Twelfth Division:

SIR: I respectfully report the arrival of two scouts sent out by Colonel Scott, in obedience to your instructions. They went within 1 mile of Liberty, where there is a small force of guerrillas engaged in collecting stock, enforcing the conscription law, and running a steam-mill. From information given these scouts by their parents and friends (Liberty being, according to their account, a strong Union town), they assert that Kirby Smith is at Manchester, Tenn., and that he himself is sick. They also inquired about the force that threatened us at Tompkinsville, but could learn nothing of it, nor of any other force invading Kentucky. I have sent my cavalry scouts as far across he river as Lebanon. They report that town picketed by the enemy.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. MOORE,

Colonel, Commanding Thirty-ninth Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Bowling Green, December 5, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

Reports from good authority, reached here last night that between 400 and 500 of the enemy's cavalry passed between Scottsville and Glasgow.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO.

Cincinnati, Ohio, December 5, 1862

Major General GORDON GRANGER,

Lexington, Ky.:

I don't credit the information in your better, but it may be true. The Second Michigan and Ninth Pennsylvania were to march this morning;

