HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, December 6, 1862.

Major W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your letter of the 27th ultimo, in regard to persons professing to be deserters from the rebel army returning to Kentucky.

The instructions issued from these headquarters for the guidance of district commanders are to the effect headquarters for the guidance of district commanders are to the effect that those persons who are for good reasons believed to be bona fide deserters from the rebels may be allowed to return to the State, and there remain at liberty, upon their taking the oath of allegiance and giving bond with reliable surety of its proper observance. Professed deserters, or others to whom suspicion attaches, to be arrested and sent to some place of security provided for the safe-keeping of political prisoners, Camp Chase being a convenient and proper place of such purpose.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

NASHVILLE, December 7, 1862-9 p.m.

E. M. STANTON.

Secretary of War:

This army has about one-third the artillery it should have. I ask permission to make six-gun batteries of the thirteen which have only four guns, with authority,also, to retain extra lieutenants and non-commissioned officers pending the recruiting of men, and to raise to 142, rank and file, complement of the the batteries of the Fourth Artillery here. An immediate reply is earnestly requested.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CENTER, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Gallatin, December 7, 1862

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding the Army of the Cumberland, Nashville:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following plan of operations in East Tennessee, after carefully studying the ground:

When we shall have moved the enemy south of Tullahoma, let McCook follow him up and watch him, to prevent his moving off to our right. He will only have to advance as far as Decherd to do so. Let Crittenden, with two divisions of his corps, follow up McCook a little to his right and rear, covering Nashville, and being in supporting distance of McCook. Send one of Crittenden's divisions to McMinnville, to guard a depot of supplies in transition to Sparta.

Whilst McCook and Crittenden are taking up the positions above indicated, let my corps concentrate near Lebanon, keeping on hand ten days' rations and throw supplies into Carthage by steamers. As soon as ten days' rations are in Carthage, and a supply train ready to start from that place for Sparta, my corps, can move on Sparta, and thence to Crossville and Kingston, and from Kingston either on Loudon or Knoxville, or on both, as circumstances may justify.

