
LOUISVILLE, November 6, 1862.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

The engineer of bridge force reports that a small party of rebels were at Richland Station this a.m.,and that mounted men have been seen by the carpenters to-day in numbers. The whole country from Richland to Gallatin has been occupied by bands of mounted men, who will cut off working parties and destroy their work unless a sufficient force is placed on the line. So large is this force of rebels that, in my opinion, there should, for the present, be placed a large force at Gallatin and at Tunnel Hill, with sufficient mounted men to intimidate them. I understand that no troops are on the line below Mitchellsville. The turnpike is too far from the railroad to enable troops by that line to protect the railroad. Can a guard be sent to Richland?

J. B. ANDERSON.

LOUISVILLE, November 6, 1862.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS:

bridge men are at work 2 miles beyond Mitcellsville Station. Officer commanding forces at that place cannot send a guard to protect bridge party. Will it be safe to send the carpenters in advance of the troops? One bridge, 6 miles beyond Richland, was safe on Monday, and two, 4 miles, were partially burned. If the line can be occupied at once by troops these may be saved. Answer.

J. B. ANDERSON.

LOUISVILLE, November 6, 1862.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

General Wright went to Lexington. Heard he had gone to Cincinnati.

There are stragglers and deserters and convalescents, &amp;c., but cannot get transportation, as all is used for your commissary stores. Will want regiment of cavalry, say Eighth Kentucky Cavalry, besides Seventeenth Kentucky ; wish them sent to Hopkinsville.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Bowling Green, November 6, 1862 - 12 m.

Major-General McCook,

Carte's, 5 miles beyond Mitchellsville, with Sheridan's Div.,

via Mitchellsville and courier line:

Communication received. Move on to Nashville. Use your wagon train to throw rations into the place as possible. The paper you mention as inclosed was not inclosed. State the hour of all your communications and dispatches.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

ARTHUR C. DUCAT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Chief of Staff.

