
and the general bids me say that you can do so, but desires me to add that the orders of yesterday remain unchanged; that is to say, you must have everything ready to move at a minute's notice. For Colonel Mathews' information, and that he may take every precaution against a surprise or sudden attack, the general thinks it proper to tell you that the "grape-vine" declares that Bragg's army is concentrating this side of Murfreesborough, between the two pikes, and General Thomas telegraphs a rumor, which has reached him, of Kirby Smith's corps being on the march for Lebanon. Should Colonel Matthews cross the bridge over Stone's River, it would, therefore, be necessary for him to leave a strong guard to hold the bridge.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. GARESCHE

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Nashville, December 8, 1862

Colonel S. D. BRUCE, Russellville, Ky.:

Have heard nothing of Forrest since. Better be prepared, however, against such disasters as at Hartsville by throwing up intrenchments and picketing well with cavalry all roads leading out from your position. It was neglect of these precautions lost the force at Hartsville.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant--General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, December 8, 1862

Major-General GRANGER, Lexington, Ky.:

I learn from General Rosecrans that Forrest, with 5,000 men and six guns, is at Columbia, Tenn. bound on a raid into Kentucky, via Clarksville. His intentions probably are to gobble up any detachments he in that quarter is quite insufficient if this raid is to be apprehended, and you will therefore keep the Second Michigan and Ninth Pennsylvania ready to move to Lebanon, or in that direction, at a moment's warning. Will telegraph you again on getting further advice. Rosecrans had a green brigade gobbled up a Hartsville by five rebel regiments. Keep wide awake, and have a talk with Captain Lane, whom I directed to report to you.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Nashville, December 8, 1862

Colonel W. W. LOWE, Commanding Fort Donelson:

Be prepared to resist dash of Forrest's cavalry, accompanied by six pieces of artillery. Resist to last extremity, and telegraph instantly if attacked.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

