
GALLATIN, December 9, 1862

Major-General ROSECRANS:

No firing has been heard this morning,and no reports from scouts. Messengers from two or three of the fords report no enemy in sight.

GEO. H. THOMAS

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

GALLATIN, December 9, 1862

Colonel J. P. GARESCHE, Chief of Staff:

The organization of my troops is as follows: First Division (Fry's), First Brigade, Colonel Connell commanding, posted at Gallatin, guarding fords and doing picket duty; Second Brigade, Colonel Harlan, commanding,at Hartsville, Third Brigade, guarding, tunnel and bridges. Third Division (Rousseau's), two brigades at Edgefield, one at Mitchellsville, if not relieved; no reports. Twelfth Division (Dumont's), Thirty-ninth Brigade, captured at Hartsville; Fortieth Brigade, Colonel Miller commanding Castalian Springs; Ward's brigade on picket duty and at work on the fortifications at this place. For particular regiments forming the brigades, see the monthly returns forwarded this evening.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

GALLATIN, December 9, 1862

Colonel J. P. GARESCHE,

I understood the order by telegram last night that I was to march Fry's division down as soon as Colonel Hall reached here. We have not yet heard from him, and I think it would be extremely hazardous to leave here before Generals Reynolds and Paine can get their troops in position. Fry's division cannot be concentrated before to-morrow morning,and even then all the fords will be left free for the enemy to cross and attack this place. Scouts just in report their pickets on the Lebanon and Gallatin road, 10 miles from the river. The citizens of this place are of the opinion that they will attack this place if they get a chance. I have sent several messengers to meet Colonel Hall and hurry him on here. The scouts state that Kirby Smith is in Lebanon, with from 10,000 to 15,000 men. The troops here can be disposed to the best advantage to-morrow, and Fry's division started for Nashville; but if he moves to-night. I fear this place will be lost. Stokes has not arrived with his cavalry, and it is very important that he should be here. Please answer immediately, that I may know what to do.

GEO. H. THOMAS.

Major-General

NASHVILLE, December 9, 1862

Major-General THOMAS:

Get Fry's division ready as soon as you can,and have it march or go by rail, as the case my be.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

BYRON KIRBY,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

