HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Nashville, December 9, 1862

Major-General McCOOK,

Commanding Right Wing:

Sill's position said to be bad. Regulate your whole line, either moving forward your division or drawing them back a little, the latter preferred, as a matter of policy. Close Davis and Sheridan well in, so as to have them in hand and in supporting distance of each other. Rousseau moves over to-night on Franklin pike. Indications are that all this is a feint to cover attack on Fort Donelson, but it must be stopped . Report as soon as you have placed your command. Give distances from one another and from known, points so we can fix them on map.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,December 9, 1862-6.15 p.m.

Colonel J. P. GARESCHE, Chief of Staff:

Orders received. Will have all right. Corps in line the morning. Have not heard from any reconnaissance save Sheridan's. No firing in front, all quiet. I will report in person to-night, as soon as the reconnaissance returns.

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.

MITCHELLSVILLE, December 9, 1862

Major-General ROSECRANS:

The command of this post was turned over to me by Colonel Starkweather on the morning of the 7th instant. My force consisted of the One hundred and twenty-ninth Illinois Regiment, having an effective force of 637, rank and file. One hundred and fifty sick and convalescent soldiers, belonging to other commands, were left at this place. A bridge, 2 1/2 miles south of this place, and a water-tank and bridge, 7 miles south, were to be protected. I have sent Lieutenant-Colonel Case, of the One hundred and twenty-ninth Illinois Regiment, and four companies to guard the tank and bridge in its vicinity, with instructions to fortify strongly. One company I sent to the nearest bridge, there being a stockade at that point. This leaves me with an effective force here of about 300, rank and file. I have organized of the convalescent soldiers a company of 50 men, who will be able to assist in defense of our fortifications, which, by dark to-night, will enable us to resist a largely superior force. I applied to General Granger for a company of cavalry, which he promises as soon as they return from scouting.

G. P. SMITH,

Colonel, Comdg. One hundred and twenty-ninth Illinois Regiment and Post.

BOWLING GREEN, December 9, 1862

Lieutenant-Colonel GARESCHE:

Colonel Smith telegraphs: "This afternoon 50 Confederate cavalry passed within 1 mile of this place (Mitchellsville), going northeast to-day,

