
asking the way to Pulaski." Your telegram was received at 6.30 p.m.

Would it be prudent to weaken the force at this post, now 1,938 for duty, to send re-enforcements to Colonel Bruce, as suggested? the Fourth Kentucky Cavalry average 200 strong. Not yet returned from scout. To return to-morrow.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH DIVISION,December 9, 1862

Brigadier General JEFFERSON C. DAVIS,

Commanding Ninth Division:

GENERAL: I inclose you dispatches and note from General Sill, * from which you will see that danger is apprehended. I have also an unconfirmed report that there is a heavy force lying some place on my right and in your front. My impression is that if an attack is made the heaviest part of the attack will be from the direction of the Franklin, Wilson and Winston pikes. We had all better be careful. McCook's camp equipage came here this evening. I expect him early in the morning. Will you have the kindness to communicate to me everything you hear or see, and I will let you know all that occurs in this direction.

Please return to me the dispatches and note. I also send you a letter from General Sill.

I am, sir, very respectfully, &amp;c.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Brigadier-General
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Nashville, December 9, 1862

Major General THOMAS L. CRITTENDEN:

The following has just been received from General McCook, and is communicated for your information:

General McCOOK:

The enemy attacked my pickets about 12.30 to-day, on the Edmondson pike, with a section of artillery. My whole command is now under arms in position. I do not like the scattered position of the division. I have notified Davis and Sill there is something brewing. I will try and make the reconnaissance on the Nolensville road, but will watch closely my right.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Brigadier-General.

The general commanding directs that you put your camp in order, and get everything ready for a move.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

