HEADQUARTERS FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Edgefield Junction, November 6, 1862 - 7.15 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel DUCAT,

Chief of Staff, Bowling Green, Ky.:

COLONEL: Sill's and Sheridan's divisions arrived here to-day. Woodruff at Tyree Springs. Eighty-ninth Illinois I left at Tyree as a guard. I will also leave a regiment here to keep up communications. The rest of my corps will be in Nashville to-morrow. Morgan attacked Edgefield yesterday, and was handsomely repulsed ; simultaneously an attack was made in front of Nashville, with like result. I send you Nashville paper of to-day.

There has always been great fault in the department delivering rations at the Louisville depot. I merely report so as to avoid all trouble. They do not deliver them as fast as they can be shipped on the cars.

Crittenden's corps will soon call on me for supplies. Send them to Mitchellsville, and they will be in Nashville all right, and the trains secure. I can load 200,000 rations on the 8th ; 300,000 on the 9th ; 150,000 on the 10th ; 150,000 on the 11th, and 100,000 per diem after that as long as may be desired. I am thus anxious on account of the roads. We may now look for heavy rains, which will make the road between Tyree Springs and Mitchellsville almost impassable.

Morgan left here at 4 p.m. yesterday, and marched on the Gallatin pike. Report says that he crossed the river 6 miles above Nashville. I have sent a regiment of cavalry to communicate with Crittenden's corps. I hope to find hi at Gallatin.

The paper referred to last night was mislaid, but of no importance. Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Bowling Green, November 6, 1862 - 8 p.m.

General McCook,

Edgefield Junction, via Mitchellsville and courier line:

We have nothing from Colonel Kennett as to where he is ; did he go toward Scottsville, as ordered? He has not communicated with General Crittenden, and the general does not know whether he has cavalry on his front or not. One regiment was ordered to go on General Crittenden's front. When Colonel Kennett marched it never reported to him. You dispositions and intentions, as per dispatch to-day, are satisfactory. Please state the hour of your dispatches. Engineers report heavy firing in direction of Nashville.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

ARTHUR C. DUCAT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION,November 6, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel ARTHUR C. DUCAT, Chief of Staff:

SIR: Edward Briscoe, a citizen of Kentucky, living near Louisville, has just arrived here from Knoxville, which place he left on Friday last

