
return by whatever route the commander is convinced, by the information he receives, to be the best route.

There are many matters of detail which are important, but to which I do not refer in this letter. I have discussed them with General Carter, and you will, of course, do the same. In the instructions you may give him, you will embrace all that seem necessary.

In regard to any subsequent movements, I will communicate again. In the meanwhile you will make the necessary preparations for moving your force forward, with a view to profiting by any advantages that may flow from General Carter's success. If he can destroy the bridges between Union and Strawberry Plains, you can hold East Tennessee with your present force, if you can subsist it there. Ample transportation should at once be procured with this view. Where your force should cross the mountain must be decided hereafter.

Please detail from your command and assign to General Carter any officer you may think it important for him to have.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

DECEMBER 10, [186]2.

Major-General GORDON GRANGER,

Commanding Army of Kentucky, Lexington, Ky.:

GENERAL: I have seen General Carter, and am still in favor of the proposed expedition. Conducted judiciously, it cannot result in any great loss to ourselves, and, if successful, will be well worth the risk. Please, therefore, have all the necessary arrangements made for the earliest possible start. I am still in favor of the route first discussed, the command to divide after getting through the pass, if found practicable. In connection with this should be the movement of your own force. If the first part of the project succeeds, the occupation of the country, with the force at your disposal, will be practicable, so far as any efforts of the enemy are concerned. The only misgivings I have in the matter relate solely to the question of subsistence. For the first part, General Carter thinks the difficulties not insurmountable; and if found to be so, he can return. In regard to the second part, I am not so sanguine. The road is [heavy], and in bad weather not good, and our means of transportation are limited. It is possible, however, that, with what the country can afford, we can get along with our transportation. I have had some doubts of the propriety of taking from the vicinity of the railroad the cavalry necessary for the expedition,but think the object justifies the risk. You must, however, keep the force ready to move westward, in case it is needed there, till the final start is made. General Carter will return to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Nashville, December 10, 1862

Major-General BRAGG:

GENERAL: Your letter of 8th instant received. I am pleased to find you concur with me in the propriety of not molesting non-combatants, or

