
persons on account of their sentiments, as well as condemning the guerrilla system. We do not consider your regularly organized cavalry as guerrillas, but those who live and dress as citizens and act in the double capacity of citizens and soldiers or scouts, are so regarded and will be so treated. To prevent mistakes otherwise unavoidable, it is highly desirable that your troops should at once by required to wear some badge to distinguish them from citizens. You will observe by General Negley's report that Kerchival has long since been released and sent for exchange. I have a large supply of complaints on hand of the cruel treatment of Union, men, the plunder of their property, their imprisonment by provost-marshals, and their being driven out of the country, which I will take opportunity to favor you with at an early day for your investigation.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

BOWLING GREEN, December 11, 1862.

Colonel J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

Captain J. P. Bonham, Eighth Tennessee Volunteers, reports camp on head of Jennings' Creek, Jackson County, of 700 rebels, under Hamilton.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.

FORT HENRY, [December] 11, 1862.

(Received December 12, 1862.)

General ROSECRANS:

One of my scouts came in last night; has been all over the country, and hears nothing of any force nearer than Waverly. Shall attack them at Waverly in two or three days, if the prospect still continues good.

W. W. LOWE,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Nashville, December 11, 1862

Major-General THOMAS, Gallatin:

Have you yet information to settle the question, where is Kirby Smith? Send scouts far and wide to ascertain this. What since your last?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

GALLATIN, December 11, 1862-3 p.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

One of my scouts has just come in. He confirms the story of the one who came back yesterday morning, that Kirby Smith is not in Lebanon, but that they expect him there soon. The man Curd, arrested by Colo-

