
your immediate order or by your subordinates, from whose conduct you are responsible,and I hereby notify you that I shall enforce rigid and unyielding retaliation against the commissioned officers who fall into my hands until this violation od good faith shall be corrected, in deeds as well as words.

Very respectfully,your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 35. Nashville, Tenn., December 11, 1862

I. Convalescent camps will be established at all the principal posts in this department, under the command of officers of rank and discretion.

II. The convalescents from each regiment will be reported by the regimental to the brigade surgeons, who will designate those to be sent to convalescent camps.

III. Each brigade commander will detail a lieutenant to take charge of the convalescents from the brigade. The convalescents of each division will be organized into a company under the command of a captain, to be designated by the division commander. The captains, or, in a brigade, the lieutenants so detailed will be responsible for the clothing, camp and garrison equipage,arms, accouterments, descriptive lists, accounts of pay and clothing of the men; will make timely requisitions on the quartermaster, commissary,and ordnance departments for the necessary supplies; will conduct the men to the convalescent camps, and, unless otherwise ordered, will remain ordered, will remain there in charge of them.

IV. The commanding officer of the camp will designate an officer to perform the duties of acting assistant quartermaster and acting assistant commissary of subsistence.

V. The commanding officer of the convalescent camp is to be held responsible for the drill and discipline of the men under his command. Guard duty will be strictly performed. The roll-calls prescribed in General Orders, Numbers 25, from these headquarters are never to be omitted. The officers detailed from brigades and divisions will be selected with reference to their capacity for enforcing strict discipline; but will be relieved and sent back to their regiments as fast as suitable convalescent officers can be found to replace them.

VI. Each brigade will furnish the necessary camp equipage for the convalescents of the brigade. The allowance will be that prescribed in general regulations.

VII. The medical director will detail a sufficient number of medical officers for duty at each camp. He will also appoint a board of medical officers to examine cases reported by the attending surgeons,as fit subjects for general hospitals, or for discharge from service.

VIII. The commanding officer of every camp will make a daily morning report of his command to the post commander, and tri-monthly reports of it to these headquarters. He will also have the men regularly mustered; those of the same regiments together, on separate rolls. One copy of each muster-roll he will forward to the adjutant-general of the army, and one to the regimental commander. Of the three muster and pay rolls, two will be for the paymaster and one he will retain.

IX. Convalescents fit for field duty will be forwarded to the divisions and corps to which they belong, in squads of not less than 25 to a

