
way, gain access thereto." I am most happy to be able to assure you that the order works admirably; that there are very few in my command who do not cordially indorse, although quite a number originally opposed, it; that the colored people are leaving daily, either voluntarily or by reason of being thrown out of employment,and that I anticipate no trouble, and but a few individual cases of difference of opinion on this subject.

I inclose duplicate of the only letter I have written in reply to the newspaper misrepresentation of my course, and request that this communication with all its inclosures, be forwarded to the General-in-Chief.

through the department commander.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, December 11, 1862

Respectfully forwarded.

I regard General Gillmore's order a proper one, demanded by the circumstances, mild in its application to the negroes, just and protective to soldiers, eminently politic, and fully justified by law, orders, and usages of war. It and his course thereon not only met, and now meet, my fullest approval, but were required by my positive orders to him on the subject.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, December 12, 1862

Respectfully forwarded to the General-in-Chief of the Army, as desired by Brigadier-General Gillmore, with my full approval of the courses of the latter in the delicate matter involved. It is but just to General Gillmore, as well as myself, that I should say that on learning that there were apprehensions of serious trouble between our troops and the citizens of Kentucky, in consequence of the camp becoming asylums for negroes belonging to loyal citizens in their neighborhoods, I visited Lexington partly in reference to this matter, with t he intention of issuing an order prohibiting the remaining in camps, in Kentucky of persons not connected with the military service, thus freeing the military authorities from all connection with the slavery question, and, what was equally important, preventing our camps from being overrun with worthless persons, to the great detriment of the discipline and instruction of the troops. Such an order I believed not to be in violation of the letter or spirit of any law of Congress, to be demanded by the best interests of the service, and to be in accordance with sound policy toward a recognized and professedly loyal State. Finding, on my arrival, however, that such orders had been issued already to commanders of troops, I took no action in the matter. I believe the policy indicated in such orders to have been thus far successful, and that in a short time both the people of Kentucky and the troops will be entirely satisfied of its propriety and justice.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

11 R R-VOL XX, PT II

