
RUSSELLVILLE, December 12, 1862

Colonel J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

Captain Johnson, Eighth Kentucky Cavalry, dressed in rebel uniform, penetrated nearly to Charlotte, Tenn. He reports Forrest, with force estimated from 2,000 to 4,000 men, preparing to make a raid into Southern Kentucky. They will cross at Palmyra or Martin's Shoals, between Clarksville and Fort Donelson. The rebel sympathizers will aid them all they can by collecting hogs, cattle, mules, horses and wagons, with salt, flour, and bacon, which their object is to carry out. His report is confirmed by other scouts. They expect to cross the river Sunday morning or that night. Rebels expect to feed Bragg's army from this part of Kentucky this winter.

S. D. BRUCE,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

MUNFORDVILLE, December 12, 1862

General ROSECRANS:

We have 92 wagons and ambulances. General Spears sent me a dispatch from Louisville, December 10, that the rebels were lying in wait in force on the wayside. A large number of Government horses have just passed us, en route for Nashville, with a small guard with them.

R. K. BYRD,

Colonel, Commanding.

MUNFORDVILLE, December 12, 1862

General ROSECRANS;

The Anderson Cavalry have arrived at this point, and are shoeing their horses. My command arrived at this point at 9.45 o'clock,and have orders from Brigadier-General Spears to remain here until he overtakes them with the Tennessee cavalry, about 1,500 of them. Shall we wait?

He will leave Louisville this morning.

R. K. BYRD,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade en route for Nashville.

LEBANON, December 12, 1862

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Captain Black just from Scott County, Tennessee. When he left, Tuesday morning, reports a large number of rebel cavalry and one regiment of infantry, under Scott. It is believed they will make a dash on Somerset. They are destroying everything as they go. This is the only force in East Tennessee. News from Knoxville direct, reliable, to the 4th of the month, represents, only 300 rebels there; everything is being sent to Atlanta, Ga. Rebel citizens say the rebel army will withdraw from East Tennessee.

A. HAZELAND,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventh Tennessee Regiment.

