
will call on General Rosecrans. I think he can gain considerable information from him. He is intelligent, and will communicate all he knows. He is a sound man. I am very sure. He gave valuable information last summer, when I was at Decherd.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, December 12, 1862.

Brigadier-General BOYLE, Louisville, Ky.:

Your disposition of troops is right. Cannot you send a large force of convalescents to Bowling Green, to add to the garrison, and thus render a part of that force available for other purposes, if needed? Have just telegraphed to Governor Morton that we are in pressing need of the Fifth Cavalry. Where is the Eighth Kentucky, and has the Sixth been sent forward?

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,

December 13, 1862

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

GENERAL: At the special instance and request of the President, I called on you at your headquarters on the 11th instant, to confer with you,as the General-in-Chief, touching the lamentable condition of affairs among my people in East Tennessee. During the momentary interview with which you were pleased to favor me, among the crowd in your anteroom, you suggested that I reduce to writing what I wished to communicate. In a matter that concerns me so nearly as this, I waive, for the present, all considerations growing out of your place of reception and personal bearing,and adopt your suggestion by inclosing a statement which I hope will receive more attention than you accorded to the writer.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HORACE MAYNARD,

[Inclosure.]

Statement, &amp;c.

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,

December 13, 1862.

That part of Tennessee from the western slope of the Cumberland Mountains eastward has long been known politically and geographically as East Tennessee. It comprises something more than thirty counties, and in territory and population differs not materially from the States of Vermont and New Hampshire. It is divided into three Congressional districts, and one of its citizens (Governor Johnson) was a Senator in Congress. During the struggles preliminary to the present, when the people, by immense majorities, espoused the cause of the Federal Government,and avowed their determined hostility to secession, foreseeing the struggle of arms, they, as early as May and June,, 1861, organized themselves into military companies, to the number, probably,

