
entertained for those charged with the civil and military administration. And this earnest and solemn appeal is now made in the hope that it may avert the necessity of appearing before the tribunal of last resort, the whole American people.

In addition, I make certain suggestions:

1st. There are now few or no rebel troops in East Tennessee.

2nd. A National army can never enter East Tennessee by way of Chattanooga.

3rd. A light force, moving actively, might pass up the line of the Kanawha to the railroad described, destroy it, move on to the great salines in Southwest Virginia, destroy them, pass out by Pound Gap, and accomplish much in weakening the rebellion.

4th. The shortest way into East Tennessee is that by which General E. K. Smith passed into Kentucky in August last.

5th. In the present posture of the two rebel armies, the possession of East Tennessee by us prevents them from uniting in any contingency

6th. Upon the establishment of a peace upon the uti possidetis basis, it would be a stinging shame to the Government, to be obliged to surrender to rebels the only portion of Tennessee which has been loyal from the beginning. In that event, what would be the fate of her soldiers in your army and their families?

7th. The enforcement of the proclamation of the 22nd September against the loyal men of East Tennessee would be such a cumulative outrage upon their rights that I think it derogatory to the President even to protest against it.

HORACE MAYNARD,

LOUISVILLE, December 13, 1862

General ROSECRANS:

As soon as the battery and one regiment is sent up, I will order movement of the forces, taking a regiment from Bowling Green, to be replaced by the other you send. I should like to accomplish work as soon as practicable.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

LOUISVILLE, December 13, 1862

Major-General ROSECRANS:

The following dispatch just received from H. Duggan, provost-marshal at Somerset:

One hundred and fifty rebel cavalry 7 miles this side of Chitwood's. Coming this way. Whole force 1,700, on Elk Fork, 15 miles beyond Chitwood's. Been there fifteen days. Reliable.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, December 13, 1862

Colonel J. P. GARESCHE:

Colonel Bruce telegraphs Woodward's men deserting. Forrest seizing their horses. Forrest at Charlotte with 3,000. Woodward at Clarksville yesterday; purpose to move into Union County, Kentucky.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

