
GALLATIN, December 13, 1862

General ROSECRANS:

I cannot learn that the enemy has advanced in this direction, but rumors are constantly coming in that Smith will be in Lebanon. If maneuvering toward your right, it is to endeavor to withdraw all support from the railroad between this and Nashville, and, if successful, make a dash on this side of the river and destroy the road. They have scouts patrolling the river bank, on south side, every day or two.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Gallatin, December 13, 1862

Colonel J. P. GARESCHE,

Chief of Staff, Nashville:

Did General Rosecrans receive the copy of Dr. Blackmore's letter to his wife? Scouts, who came in last night, corroborate the information given in it respecting the movements and stations of the different commands of the enemy. I hope Mr. Emory (or Embrey) may succeed in seeing the general. His information is reliable, and it confirms our previous information respecting positions, movements, &amp;c., of the enemy up to last Saturday. Smith was at Manchester, and the impression was that he was coming to Lebanon or Liberty; Morgan at Black Shop; Buckner had moved to Triune, and Polk, Breckinridge, Cheatham, and Withers were at Murfreesborough, or near there. Nothing but conscripts at McMinnville. Very few at Chattanooga. Heard they were fortifying at Stevenson, and had thrown a pontoon bridge across the Tennessee near Bridgeport, and had stopped working on the bridge. Have heard of no movements of the enemy to-day; some of their patrols were seen by my scouts last night a short distance from the river, on the south side. How long will it take to place block-houses between Nashville and this place?

Respectfully,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Nashville, December 13, 1862.

Colonel W. W. LOWE, Fort Henry:

Send scouts up above Savannah, on the west side of the Tennessee. Be constantly on the qui vive, and keep me fully posted.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Nashville, December 13, 1862

Major General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Confederate States Army:

GENERAL: It is reported to me, by Major-General T. L. Crittenden, U. S. Volunteers who, by my direction, sent a flag of truce to your lines to-day, for the purpose of conveying my receipts for the prisoners captured

