HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, December 13, 1862.

Brigadier-General BOYLE, Louisville, Ky.:

If General Rosecrans will afford the force you speak of,your proposition is approved. Clarksville should, however, be held strongly, if at all, and any force at Hopkinsville should be only enough to keep down guerrillas. Indeed, it might be best not to keep a stationary force at latter, but to visit it occasionally by a moving one. All troops in the vicinity should be under command of one officer, so as to insure co-operation.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, December 14, 1862

General ROSECRANS:

Chitwood's is a country tavern or store in Whitley County. It is not on map. Believe the force seen there is the rebel force known to have been at the gaps for some time past. I have ordered scout out to that border. Will report if learn if learn anything.

L. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

LOUISVILLE, December 14, 1862

General ROSECRANS:

Colonel Bruce says rebels reported to have taken Fort Donelson.

They were at Clarksville yesterday. I am anxious to have forces for Bruce, and especially the battery. Lieutenant-Colonel Boyle, commanding Ninth Kentucky Cavalry, encamped near Burkesville on Wednesday. Took Livingston, Tenn., and 10 prisoners, driving out small rebel force. Hamilton's rebel company are bold and daring, driving off cattle and hogs within 15 miles of Burkesville. Colonel Boyle says he uses all vigilance. Good news from Burnside; taken enemy's first line of works.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CORPS,December 14, 1862

Major-General ROSECRANS, Commanding.:

GENERAL: I send you Murfreesborough Rebel of the 13th, announcing the arrival of President Davis at that place. It was brought by two young ladies, who reached our lines a few moments ago. Other information they bring I will send you by telegraph.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General.

P. S.- This information is significant. It may or may not be true. You can read the Rebel. I am ready to whip any given amount of men who will honor me with an attack. All citizens have evacuated Nolensville, and say we are going to have a fight. I have ordered all forage parties not to go out to-morrow. Will await your orders, however, in regard to them.

