
fore, to be watched and cut to pieces. Notify all up the road to be on lookout. If the regiment at Mitchellsville be not very necessary, it may be advisable for it to retreat to Bowling Green or come to you, unless it is well intrenched,and you can relieve it. Keep scouts out and advise me often. If any large force should cross, we shall attack their main body at once.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

GALLATIN, December 14, 1862

Major-General ROSECRANS:

One of my scouts, just in, has made a circuit of something like 100 miles; reports none of the enemy near Carthage; about 100 at New Middleton, and the same number at Alexandria. He saw a man whom he knows, just from Manchester, who saw Kirby Smith there. He heard, also, in Lebanon, that Morgan was at Black Shop, and was in the habit of sending small parties of his men every day or two to examine the river from Carthage as low down as they dared go, to watch our movements . He also confirms my information, previously received, that McMinnville was used only as a recruiting station.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. 14TH ARMY CORPS,

DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 19. Nashville, December 14, 1862

* * * * * * *

XI. Major-General S. Hamilton is, at his request on account of failing health, relieved from duty in this department,and, with his personal staff, will proceed to New York City, and report by letter to the Commander-in-Chief of the Army. The Quartermaster's Department will furnish transportation.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, December 14, 1862

Major-General GORDON GRANGER,

Commanding Army of Kentucky, Lexington, Ky.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 12th instant, inclosing a communication from Messrs. William Bryant, esq. Honorable D. C. Wickliffe, and J. B. Johnson, esq., to you, transmitting a certain resolution, also herewith inclosed, which was passed at a popular meeting of the citizens of Fayette County, held at Lexington, Ky., on the 8th instant.*

This resolution, which you have referred to me for action, contains certain interrogatories addressed to you, which are, in substance, as follows, viz: Does the military claim or intend to assert supremacy over

---------------

*Inclosures not found.

---------------

12 R R--VOL XX, PT II

