
courier brought me one of similar import from Colonel Zahm, in which he stated, in addition, that he had sent out a reconnoitering party toward Gallatin, and would inform me if they made any important discoveries. In answer to this first note of Colonel Zahm, I wrote the note No. 1. Some time after I received the report from the reconnoitering party, copied and marked No. 2. I then gave an order to General Wood to send a brigade of picked men to Gallatin by daylight, marked No. 3., and also note again to Colonel Zahm, as copied, No. 4. I shall myself start before day in the morning and reach Gallatin shortly after Wood's advance brigade, to superintend operations, should there be any considerable force there. I have not yet heard from Kennett's command, or any part of it.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN.

[Inclosure]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,November 7, 1862 - 3.45 p.m.

Colonel L. ZAHM,

Commanding Second Cavalry Brigade:

COLONEL: My command is on the road. General Wood, after marching 20 miles to-day, is encamped within 12 miles of Gallatin. General Van Cleve, on account of water, is encamped at this point, 6 or 7 miles in rear of General Wood. I shall move with those two divisions promptly in the morning upon Gallatin. If I hear through your courier to-night that Morgan is still at Gallatin, I shall immediately send a part of Wood's command to that point. I have no cavalry with me, and can only obtain the information through the courier that you may send me, and am not willing to push my weary men farther to-day upon the bare possibility of finding him still there.

By command of Major-General Crittenden:

LYNE STARLING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY BRIGADE,Fountain Head, November 7, 1862 - 11 a.m.

General CRITTENDEN,

Commanding Second Army Corps, Army of the Ohio:

GENERAL: This moment received reports from reconnoitering party toward Gallatin, stating that rebel pickets were still in force on Tunnel Hill, and that, from all information they could gather, Morgan was still occupying Gallatin.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEWIS ZAHM,

Colonel, Commanding Second Cavalry Brigade.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,November 7, 1862 - 4.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General WOOD,

Commanding Sixth Division:

GENERAL: I have this moment received information that Morgan, with his cavalry, is still in Gallatin . Now, if this is true, I want you to

