
practicable. Authentic information up to this morning of rebel army. The center, composed of three divisions, at Murfreesborough, was reviewed by Jeff. Davis Friday week; left wing, under Buckner and Hardee, moved from Shelbyville to Triune and Nolensville; right, under Kirby Smith,at Readyville; Morgan probably crossing the Cumberland, now near Hartsville; object dash on railroad; rebel troops say they will fight us; Bragg to go to Mississippi; Johnston to stay; bridge at Bridgeport, cross both sides on trestles, about finished; railroad track in front of Murfreesborough torn up, iron removed, and bridge fitted for passage of troops; Cumberland still very low; rain threatens; will be ready in a few days.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN.,

December 15, 1862-11 p.m.

Major-General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Will you be able to order any gunboats to be ready to ascend the Tennessee and cut off their communication,in case the river rises? If so, they should be got in readiness without delay.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Nashville, December 15, 1862

Brig. General J. T. BOYLE, Louisville:

Full and reliable information just received of enemy's plans and situation. Morgan, with,perhaps, 2,000 or 3,000 men, now crossing river near Hartsville, to strike at railroad. Look out, and, if possible,aid me in destroying him.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

LOUISVILLE, December 15, 1862

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I will be ready at Munfordville and Columbia and Bowling Green for Morgan. I have notified them there to be prepared.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Murfreesborough, Tenn., December 15, 1862

Major-General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding United States Forces, Nashville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 10th instant has been received. While fully concurring with you as to the barbarity of a system of guerrilla warfare, I must protest against the treatment of troops claiming to be Confederate soldiers as guerrillas, upon mere technical pretexts, such

