HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Nashville, December 15, 1862-1 a.m.

General A. McD. McCOOK,

Commanding Left Wing:

GENERAL: Information, believed to be reliable indicates a determination on the part of the enemy to fight us at or near Stewart's Creek. The general commanding, therefore, desires you to improve the time yet to elapse, before we can advance upon him, by constant drilling. He especially wishers your command exercised in the "passage of lines;" and he desires both infantry and artillery to be sedulously impressed with the importance of firing low, and taking a steady and careful aim. These points are of vital necessity, and cannot be too often repeated. He enjoins upon you to be always on the alert; to ride your lines frequently,and above, all to see that officers, non-commissioned officers, and men are thoroughly instructed in, and that they practice, the rules and directions laid down for the performance of outpost and patrol duty. There should be daily recitations in this branch of military instructions in every regiment of the army.

I am, general, with much respect, your obedient servant,

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

(Copies to Generals Crittenden, Rousseau, Negley and Stanley.)
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Nashville, December 15, 1862

Major-General. McCOOK:

Nothing later than that Burnside had the first line of intrenchments. Loss, 5,000. Nothing later. You must take care about foraging trains if you send any to the front. Breckinridge is coming up this way from Murfreesborough to-day. Jeff. Davis reviewed three division there on Saturday. It may be he will stop at Stewart's Creek. Buckner and Hardee at Triune and Nolensville.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In Camp, December 15, 1862

Lieutenant Colonel J. P. GARESCHE,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report all quiet yesterday on my front. In front of General Davis' division frequent lights were seen during last night by the pickets. Rockets were thrown up at various points from the hills,and squads of the enemy's cavalry were also seen yesterday and this morning. Nothing worthy of note occurred during the night at other points on my front.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.

