
catch him, and, although you have marched 20 miles to-day, you will send a brigade of picked men at 2 o'clock to-morrow morning to Gallatin, so as to reach that point at daylight, with instructions to capture whatever force may be there. March with the remainder of your command at 6 o'clock. General Van Cleve will march at 6, and will be promptly in supporting distance of you. This is hard on the men, but no chances are now to be lost, and I count on you.

By order of Major-General Crittenden:

LYNE STARLING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 4.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,November 7, 1862 - 6 p.m.

Colonel L. ZAHM,

Commanding Second Cavalry Brigade:

COLONEL: Since closing my former note of to-day, I have received your report of the movements of your reconnoitering party toward Gallatin, stating that, from all the information they could gain, Morgan was still in Gallatin. Immediately upon receipt of this communication I ordered General Wood to send a brigade of picked men to Gallatin at 2 a.m.,so as to reach that point at daylight. If you can in any way co-operate with him, it would be well to do it.

By order of Major-General Crittenden:

LYNE STARLING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Bowling Green, Ky., November 7, 1862 - 9 p.m.

Major-General CRITTENDEN,

Commanding Second Army Corps, Gallatin:

The general commanding directs that you cross over the river at the best point, probably opposite the Silver Springs road ; that you occupy Lebanon with one brigade immediately on crossing, and place your main force from Silver Springs to Rural Hill, or on main road from Rural Hill to Nashville. On crossing you will, as rapidly as possible, open communication [with Nashville]. One of our people from Murfreesborough says that, when he left, General Bishop Polk proposed to attack Nashville. Joe Johnston has been assigned to the command, but is feeble and unable to take the field. Breckinridge in Murfreesborough. The idea was not to take Nashville, but burn it ; this has failed. They boast from 20,000 to 30,000 men. Cheatham is at Tullahoma with a division; they think we are advancing with 12,000 men. They have large stores at Lebanon and Murfreesborough. Attend to the latter. They are hauling them away as possible. Their cavalry has for its mission to prevent our opening the road to Nashville. Act accordingly. You will order Colonel Kennett to occupy Hartsville strongly. Some of his cavalry you will order to cross the river and operate on your advance toward Lebanon and in front. At this distance you must be the best judge of the position of the rebel cavalry, and the general commanding leaves much in this respect to your judgment and discretion. Order Colonel Kennett to keep up communication. The general desires you particularly to know that this is done by your command with his head-

