HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING,December 17, 1862.

Colonel GARESCHE,

We sent to General McCook the following dispatch at 11 a.m.:

All right on the left wing. Any news on the right?

To which was received the following in six minutes:
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING--11.20 a.m.

All right on the right. Nothing new.

A. McD. McCOOK,We have the telegraphic communication opened, and inclose these notes, that you may see with what rapidity we can communicate. We should like to have answer, to be assured that there is no obstruction.

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Nashville, December 17, 1862

Major-General GRANT, Oxford:

Bragg was in Murfreesborough this morning: Cheatham and Breckinridge there yesterday; reviewed there by Jeff. Davis Saturday. Hardee at Triune, 12 miles west, on same day. Scouts from Waynesborough two days ago; no troops moving that way then. Davis said Middle Tennessee must, could, and should be held. Forrest's cavalry may, and probably will, cross and make a raid on you. They have too many cavalry for my little force. I do not think any more will be done. Jeff. Davis left on Sunday for Mobile.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

(Copy to General Sullivan, Jackson, Tenn.)
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In Camp, December 17, 1862

Colonel J. P. GARESCHE, Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the occurrences of yesterday on my front:

On my right, General Davis in person, and accompanied only by his escort, visited the front, and went forward as far as Brentwood, at which point he found two companies of the Fifth Kentucky Cavalry. General Davis then pushed forward a short distance beyond the town, where he discovered about 15 rebel cavalry three-quarters of a mile in advance of him, on the Wilson pike. General Davis' escort made a dash at the rebels, and pursued them about 2 miles, to Mr. Owen's farm, where the rebels were re-enforced. General Davis then returned with his escort to camp. On my center, General Sill's brigade, of General Sheridan's division, made a reconnaissance on the Nolensville road almost to Mill Creek. I inclose copy of General Sill's report.* On my left nothing of interest occurred during the day. All quiet along my picket line last night.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

