
quarters wherever they may be. The general commanding directs that you leave one regiment at Gallatin, with a battery. The general directs that you send your railroad men, if you have any, to assist in opening railroad at tunnel; send all you can.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully,

ARTHUR C. DUCAT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Bowling Green, November 7, 1862 - 11 p.m.

Major-General CRITTENDEN:

GENERAL: Dispatch just received from General McCook. He entered Nashville at 8 a.m. this morning. He confirms all I have stated in inclosed communication. Move over very quietly, and as secretly as possible. Open communication with General McCook as rapidly as possible. Do not demonstrate too boldly when you cross over. Let them come into your net.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

ARTHUR C. DUCAT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Chief of Staff.

[inclosure]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Bowling Green, November 7, 1862.

General CRITTENDEN:

Colonel Zahm, commanding cavalry east of railroad, reports Morgan at Gallatin late last night, with strong pickets. Crush the devil if you can. Use the cavalry for communication first of all. The cavalry division has been ordered across from Springfield east, toward Gallatin and Scottsville. Zahm's messengers, as well as the cavalry column, will probably find you before this. Direct that cavalry column on Hartsville, if they have supplies. Send them rations if necessary. Keep me posted in everything. I confide in your vigilance, energy, and promptitude in giving information. You were advised this a.m. that McCook reports attack and repulse of rebels at Nashville, and that he would assume command there to-day at 10 a.m. He also says he will open communication with you. See that this is done. General Smith has been ordered to occupy Scottsville with two brigades, leaving one at Glasgow, keep up his supplies, and open communication with you direct, if possible-at least through these headquarters. Please see to that. Fry is ordered, with his division, to protect railroad and repairs.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

ARTHUR C. DUCAT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Chief of Staff
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Bowling Green, November 7, 1862.

General FRY, Mitchellsville:

Close down your command and give railroad operatives protection to Gallatin, if need be, leaving the rear brigade to occupy Mitchellsville.

