HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Nashville, December 19, 1862.

Major-General McCOOK:

Morgan is at Hartsville, with 6,000 cavalry, on his raid. Don't know of anything more. General Crittenden has been ordered to send out a brigade on reconnaissance. If I think it necessary for a reconnaissance on your front, will notify you.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Nashville, December 19, 1862.

Major-General McCOOK:

GENERAL: It has been made known to the commanding general that there are many Catholic officers and soldiers scattered through the army, who, desirous of the consolations of their religion, are yet, from the nature of their case, now deprived of them. There is a way of meeting this want, and the commanding general will cheerfully undertake to procure the services of a sufficient number of priests for this purpose, on being assured that they will be taken care of, and their reasonable wants supplied, by those for whose spiritual interests they come to labor. Whenever, therefore, he receives a written pledge to this effect from the Catholics in any division or brigade, he will at once take means to obtain them a chaplain. The commanding officers of wings are respectfully requested to make this known to the men under their command.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

(Copies to Major-General Crittenden and Thomas.)

CAMP HAMILTON, December 19, 1862-12 m.

Colonel J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

I am this moment informed by good authority that 2,000 rebel cavalry started yesterday to attack Fort Donelson. Will reach there to-morrow morning.

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CAIRO, ILL., December 19, 1862.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Your dispatch received. The only dispatch received from Secretary of the Navy, the General-in-Chief requests boats be sent up the Tennessee. I have ordered all the boats (five) under my control up that river. Will you send the dispatch requesting boats to Porter, who is below, for his further action? If he can spare boats from the fleet with him, he will doubtless do so. The light-draught boats draw from 3 to 5 feet. One is musket-ball proof.

A. M. PENNOCK,

Commanding Station, and Fleet Captain.

