HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, December 19, 1862.

Brig. General D. S. STANLEY,

Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: The general commanding desires you to distribute a regiment of cavalry along the north side of the Cumberland, in such a manner as to watch all the crossings of the river by which the railroad could be assailed between Gallatin and this city, and he also desires you to send across Stone's River, chiefly in the direction of Lebanon, as many reliable scouts and spies as will keep you well advised of any movements which the enemy might make in that direction.

I am, general, with respect, your obedient servant,

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, December 19, 1862-9.45 p.m.

Brig. General D. S. STANLEY,

Chief of Cavalry, Camp on Lebanon Pike:

GENERAL: We have positive information that John H. Morgan, with a force estimated at between 5,000 and 6,000 cavalry-no infantry-and some pieces of artillery, is on his way to Kentucky, and has already reached the Cumberland, with his advance guards near Hartsville. The general is anxious to learn whether Kirby Smith is following up this movement. For this purpose he has ordered General Crittenden to send out, at an early hour to-morrow, a division from his command in reconnaissance, one brigade to move along the Rural Hill road, one along the road to Silver Springs, and one to be held in reserve at the crossing of Stone's River. He desires you to furnish the cavalry force for this reconnaissance, and wishes it well pushed forward in the direction of Rural Hill, but with every precaution against an attack from that direction upon your right. He also desires the road behind, as you advance, lined with vedettes, so as to transmit rapidly any information of importance that the general should have early intelligence of any movement of Kirby Smith in support of Morgan.

I have the honor to be, general, with much respect, your obedient servant,

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, December 19, 1862-11.15 p.m.

Brigadier-General STANLEY,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: A communication has just been received from department headquarters desiring that a reconnaissance be made to-morrow by a division from the left wing, accompanied by a cavalry force to be furnished by you. The general commanding directs me to inform you that he has ordered the Fourth Division to start at 7 a.m. to-morrow and to cross Stone's River at Stewart's Ford. Colonel Minty, of the

