
Fourth Michigan Cavalry, is well acquainted with the locality. He will send one brigade in the direction of Rural Hill, one in the direction of Silver Springs, and leave one in reserve at the crossing.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

LYNE STARLING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Nashville, December 19, 1862.

Major-General ROUSSEAU:

Brigadier-General NEGLEY:

Morgan has finally started for Kentucky. Was with advanced guard near Hartsville this evening. Have your troops in readiness early to-morrow to move, if called upon.

By command:

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

LOUISVILLE, KY., December 19, 1862-11 p.m.

Colonel STAGER:

General Rosecrans telegraphs that Morgan, with about 5,000 or 6,000, started from near Lebanon, Tenn., to break up our railroad. Advance had reached Hartsville. Has several small batteries. Rumored contemplated attack on Gallatin. Rosecrans vetoes specials relating to this affair.

SAM. BRUCH.
HEADQUARTERS,Gallatin, December 19, 1862.

Major-General THOMAS, or

Colonel J. P. GARESCHE:

General Reynolds has just been here; has been to Bledsoe's Creek a portion of the day. From information received through our spies and scouts, it is quite certain that Hartsville is occupied by the rebels, with their pickets thrown out in the direction of Gallatin, but in what force not known. If they do not attack Colonel Hall in the morning, a cavalry force, under Colonel Wolford, with two pieces of artillery, will be sent forward to reconnoiter and ascertain their strength, &amp;c. This may be the advance of Smith's forces. If so, this force should be strengthened at once. Commissary Ward was arrested last night. General Fry has telegraphed Colonel Garesche to-night.

GEO. E. FLYNT,

Major and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS,Nashville, December 19, 1862.

Major GEORGE E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Say to General Reynolds to sustain his cavalry reconnaissance by infantry, and to General Fry to hold his troops in readiness to support General Reynolds, if attacked. A strong picket of cavalry should be

