
troops at Columbia and other points must combine to intercept him. We can wait till to-morrow for further developments. Our troops must understand that they are expected to fight, and if they do half their duty they can whip Morgan's rascals.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Murfreesborough, Tenn., December 20, 1862.

Major-General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding United States Forces, Nashville:

GENERAL: I am in receipt of the letter of A. W. Moss,* containing your indorsement, dated 17th instant, in which you call my attention to the arrest of Mrs. Clift, as set forth in the letter transmitted. Mrs. Clift was arrested, not for disloyalty, as alleged, but for violation of the Fifty-seventh Article of War, and immediately released upon a promise to discontinue the traitorous conduct of conveying information to the enemy. In making this statement, which I do from courtesy only, I must correct an error into which you seem to have fallen as to your right to interfere between my Government and its own citizens. In our dealing with the citizens or soldiers of the United States, we hold ourselves responsible to that Government, and in your conduct to your own people you will be responsible alone to your own authorities. We claim, and intend to maintain, the same rights. Mrs. Clift is a citizen of this State, and hence my remark that I reply to your complaint in her case solely from courtesy.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

RUSSELLVILLE, December 20, 1862.

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

Have four pieces of artillery-two 6-pounder and two 12-pounder Parrotts; 25 men to handle the guns; have 1,200 infantry and 200 cavalry fit for duty; have 500 cavalry at Hopkinsville; have thrown up intrenchments here; but could not successfully resist 5,000 or 6,000 men.

S. D. BRUCE,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

No. 25. Nashville, Tenn., December 20, 1862.

* * * * * * *

VIII. Colonel Connell's brigade of General Fry's division, now encamped about 1 mile outside of the town, on the Hardin pike, is placed, temporarily, under the command of Brig. General R. B. Mitchell, and will

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

14 R R-VOL XX, PT I

