
STANLEY'S HEADQUARTERS, December 21, 1862-4.50 p.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Trains from Hillsborough pike are in safe. No rebels seen. Captain Mix, Fourth Michigan, killed 2, wounded 1, and took 6 prisoners.

D. S. STANLEY,

Brigadier-General.

GALLATIN, December 21, 1862.

Colonel J. P. GARESCHE,

Chief of Staff:

Charles Mersham, a rebel deserter from Morgan's command, arrived here to-day. He left the rebel lines day before yesterday. Says there is no rebel force at Lebanon, and none between there and this place. The enemy have outposts at Alexandria, Salem, and Baird's Mills. The main body of the enemy are in the neighborhood of Murfreesborough and La Vergne. He was at Morgan's headquarters Thursday. Heard Morgan's adjutant-general (G. St. Leger Grenfell) say they were going into Kentucky, to cut the Louisville and Nashville Railroad; would take some 5,000 or 6,000 cavalry. They had eight days' rations of bread cooked and loaded in wagons. Say they were expecting to start every day. My scouts report no enemy in Lebanon to-day at 12 m. News from Hartsville is that the enemy is not there in any force. I judge from the information give by the deserter, who seemed to be honest, that Morgan may attempt to enter Kentucky high up the river. This command has forage for one day.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

BUCK LODGE, December 21, 1862.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I reached this place with my command last evening. I find the Seventy-ninth Ohio Regiment at this place, with only about 200 men fit for duty, and no fortifications. My regiment musters for duty 650, with one company of cavalry. We need a section of artillery, if we are expected to defend the road. As we are we can defend ourselves.

G. P. SMITH,

Colonel One hundred and twenty-ninth Illinois Regiment.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Nashville, December 21, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT,

Cincinnati:

Dispatch received. If strong column cannot pass into East Tennessee nor from it, would like to have you cover the railroad and relieve the brigade now at Bowling Gree, and probably occupy the Carthage Pass. If you can, please notify me at once. Some cannon ought to be obtained and sent to Bowling Green.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

