
NASHVILLE, December 21, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT:

No foundation for the report as to Price. Murfreesborough Rebel speaks of Price and Van Dorn being on right and left of Grenada.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Nashville, December 22, 1862-11.45 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS L. CRITTENDEN,

Commanding Left Wing:

GENERAL: I send herewith two communications* for General Bragg, which the general desires you to send, under a flag, to the enemy's lines to-morrow. He requests you to give particular order that the flags sent by the enemy should always be halted at a proper distance, and, unless the officer coming with them be provided with suitable credentials, shall not be received. It is not sufficient that the officer bring letters from General Bragg addressed to the commanding general; he must have an order, or other authority, to proceed on his mission. And what is thus required of the enemy's must be strictly complied with by our own officers, under the same circumstances.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

No. 42. Nashville, Tenn., December 22, 1862.

The following list of officers on the staff of the major-general commanding is published for the information of all concerned: Lieut. Colonel Julius P. Garesche, assistant adjutant-general and chief of staff; Major W. H. Sidell, Fifteenth U. S. Infantry, acting assistant adjutant-general and chief mustering and disbursing officer; Major C. Goddard, senior aide-de-camp and acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain J. Bates Dickson, assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant Henry Stone, First Wisconsin Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general; Major Ralston Skinner, judge-advocate; Captain Charles R. Thompson, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant Frank S. Bond, Tenth Connecticut Volunteers, aide-de-camp; Second Lieutenant Byron Kirby, Sixth U. S. Infantry, aide-de-camp; Captain R. S. Thoms, volunteer aide-de-camp; Captain W. D. Bickham, volunteer aide-de-camp; Lieut. Colonel A. C. Ducat, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Colonel W. P. Hepburn, Second Iowa Cavalry, inspector of cavalry; Captain J. H. Gilman, Nineteenth U. S. Infantry, inspector of artillery; Captain J. C. Peterson, Fifteenth U. S. Infantry, acting adjutant and inspector general; Captain James Curtis, Fifteenth U. S. Infantry, acting adjutant and inspector general, Lieut. Colonel J. W. Taylor, quartermaster's department, chief quartermaster; Lieut. Colonel Samuel Simmons, commissary of subsistence, chief commissary; Surg. Eben Swift, U. S. Army, medical director; Captain James St. C. Morton, corps of engineers, chief of engineers; Lieutenant George Burroughs, corps of engineers; Second Lieutenant H. C. Wharton, corps of engineers; Captain N. Michler, corps of topographical

---------------

*See correspondence of December 17 and 22, 1862, Series II.

---------------

