
shall fight to-morrow; if they wait for us, next day. If we beat them, I shall try to drive them to the wall. The detachment of Forrest to West Tennessee, and of Morgan, will materially aid us in our movement.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., December 24, 1862-2.30 a.m.

Colonel STAGER:

General Reynolds, commanding at Gallatin, says has reliable information rebel force, 6,000 to 12,000, crossed Cumberland at Carthage or Gainesborough, marching to attack Gallatin this morning or going to Glasgow. Says knows a force is near him, and expects them to-day. Another may also have gone to Glasgow.

SAM. BRUCH.

LOUISVILLE, December 24, 1862.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

In view of the prospect of an attack on the road south of Green River, will it be prudent to risk trains out in the morning? Please answer.

J. B. ANDERSON,

Superintendent.

LOUISVILLE, December 24, 1862.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

So many persons interfere with transportation on railroad that the road does not carry half its capacity. If you will allow Captain Jenkins to control matters, he will send forward everything ordered by your chief quartermaster and commissary. Let Mr. Anderson, military superintendent, manage trains, taking off what Captain Jenkins orders, and allow no one else to interfere, and your army will soon have supplies. The mules and stock at Bowling Green are suffering for forage. No lumber to make burial boxes for the dead soldiers. Captain Jenkins sent boat, but the rear-admiral of a gunboat at Evansville forbade its going up. Any amount can be sent to Bowling Green, by river, if the gunboat would allow it. Report of efficient force at Bowling Green was given to me by Lieutenant Tardy, engineer officer, who received it of General Granger.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, December 24, 1862-3 a.m.

Colonel R. K. BYRD,

Commanding United States Forces, en route for Nashville:

COLONEL: The general commanding desires you to proceed, by forced marches, to Edgefield Junction, where you will receive further orders. The enemy is said to be threatening our camp on Bledsoe's Creek with from 7,000 to 10,000 cavalry and infantry, and part of your force may be called on to march in that direction. Be ready, therefore, with, if possible, three days' cooked rations in the men's haversacks and cartridge-

