HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Nashville, Tenn., November 7, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel DUCAT,

Acting Chief of Staff, Bowling Green, Ky.:

COLONEL: I arrived here at 8 a.m..,and found everything all right in Nashville. The troops are in excellent fighting order, and ready; want nothing but sugar and coffee, shoes and blankets. The sugar and coffee they will have to-night.

My troops will encamp on the right bank of the Cumberland. There is no room on the Nashville side, unless I go beyond the defenses of General Negley. We have two admirable bridges over the river. The railroad bridge is also a wagon bridge, and the pontoon bridge is a good one, and can be secured against any rise in the river.

General Negley reports the enemy at Murfreesborough, and extending within 8 miles of the city, 25,000; artillery, thirty-five pieces, chiefly field artillery, well mounted, and principally heavy caliber.

Cheatham's division is concentrating at Tullahoma, on the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad. You will be much pleased with the military condition of things here when you arrive; but the Union sentiment is decreasing every day, and the miserable inhabitants are very bitter. General Negley has furnished 250 wagons, which are now on the way to Mitchellsville for supplies. Feed Mitchellsville Station well, and I will deliver all in Nashville promptly.

I will communicate twice a day.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. - I commence to repair the telegraph to-morrow, and am very short of material, acid, &c.
HDQRS. FIRST ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF THE OHIO,November 7, 1862 - 4 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel DUCAT,

Acting Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: Your dispatch received at 3 p.m., when riding the lines. Your ordered me to send Kennet and his cavalry to Scottsville. I ordered him there, and yesterday he marched upon that point. My three division are now here. I left a brigade at Edgefield Junction until other troops came up. You had better order the rest of the army to halt short of Nashville until the railroad is complete. Nashville is very strongly intrenched. No fears of an advance upon the city.

Please let me know when the general comes, so that quarters can be prepared for him.

Respectfully, yours, &c.,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.

FOUNTAIN HEAD, November 7, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel DUCAT, [Acting] Chief of Staff:

Have communication open with Tyree Springs. Learn that most of General McCook's army corps encamped within 8 miles of Nashville last night. Have parties out in search of General Crittenden, to open

