
from that point two divisions front and one in reserve; if the ground favors, lying rather west of the Nolensville pike. General Thomas, with two divisions, will come down the Edmondson pike, and take post, one brigade between Brentwood and Little Harpeth, two divisions on the Edmondson pike, near Owen's store, picketing, if practicable, the upper Franklin road. Crittenden will advance to La Vergne, two divisions in front, one in reserve, at supporting distance.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Nashville, Tenn., December 24, 1862-1.10 p.m.

Major-General McCOOK:

Major-General THOMAS:

Crittenden thinks he cannot reach La Vergne till very late to-night. Suggest postponement until early hour to-morrow morning. What say you?

By command of General Rosecrans:

J. P. GARESCHE,

Chief of Staff.

DECEMBER 24, 1862.

General ROSECRANS:

My command is ready to move, except the striking of my tents. They have been in line since daylight. I have also relieved my pickets. Old regiments not in yet.

A. McD. McCOOK.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING,December 24, 1862. (Received 12.30 p.m.)

General ROSECRANS:

Man Gray sent by General Davis to Nolensville, Triune, and Stewart's Creek. He was unable to go inside rebel lines, except at Stewart's Creek where he went all through camps. About 5,000 men, mostly cavalry. One battery (6-pounder), six guns, and heard of another battery. All roads leading over Stewart's Creek very closely picketed. One regiment cavalry encamped no northwest side of creek, on Murfreesborough pike. Wheeler's command at Stewart's Creek. No field work at all at Stewart's Creek. He estimates force at Nolensville at 10,000 to 15,000 men. Enemy's pickets everywhere very strict. Forrest's cavalry reported gone to General Price. Could not hear of Morgan. There is a good crossing of Stewart's Creek, 1 mile above Murfreesborough pike bridge. He heard of another 2 or 3 miles below the bridge. He started from here on Sunday, 21st December, and returned this (Wednesday) morning; was at Nolensville yesterday evening. All my troops will move on the Nolensville pike.

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.

