
GALLATIN, December 24, 1862-2 a.m.

Colonel J. P. GARESCHE,

Chief of Staff:

Yours of 12.30 and 12.35 received. An officer has just arrived from Hartsville; he left there about sundown with a corpse; passed Bledsoe's camp about 10 this evening; saw a rebel officer in Hartsville this evening; heard from citizens reports confirming previous news; could not learn what kind of troops; number placed at 6,000 to 10,000, and they gave out that we were to be attacked at daybreak to-morrow morning; ground in front of Bledsoe's Creek is not favorable for us to attack. We occupy a good defensive position, and other troops are moving to easy supporting distance. We will try to give them a warm breakfast if they call. Have this moment heard from Bledsoe, 11.30 p.m. One of our guides has just come in from Rome this morning, and reports that Morgan left Alexandria Monday morning with 12,000 men, cavalry and infantry, to cross at Gainesborough, en route for Glasgow, Ky., and Kirby Smith is following him. He saw 500 or 600 soldiers at Dixon's Springs, and none between there and here.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Nashville, Tenn., December 24, 1862.

Brig. General JOSEPH J. REYNOLDS,

U. S. Volunteers, Gallatin:

To-morrow early shall advance on Murfreesborough. This movement will soon disengage you, and leave you free to march to assistance of Bowling Green, if threatened. Do your best to ascertain exact strength and composition of their force in Kentucky and our rear, and report frequently this and all other information of importance. Probability is they will greatly exaggerate their force. Concert with commander at Bowling Green certain and reliable means of communication with that post, to supply want of telegraphic communication, if interrupted.

By command of General Rosecrans:

J. P. GARESCHE,

Chief of Staff.

GALLATIN, December 24, 1862-1 a.m.

[Colonel GARESCHE:]

Dispositions indicated are made. Have this moment heard from Hall and Wilder. They are ready and so are we, and we will fight like the devil. The general impression here is that this attack will be made to cover an attack on the railroad.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Brigadier-General.

GALLATIN, December 24, 1862-9 a.m.

Colonel GARESCHE:

No attack here. This moment heard from the front. Our scouts are not yet in, but the enemy has not shown himself. I am pushing every

