
infantry regiments now here, which duty performed, he will be assigned to the command of one of the brigades.

XXII. The order for an advance movement to-morrow is hereby countermanded for that day, but will take place at early dawn on the next day, or 26th instant. The commanding officers of the left wing, cavalry and prisoners, will meantime send out large foraging expeditions and endeavor to secure all the forage they can.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 24, 1862-2 a.m.

Brig. General J. T. BOYLE,

Louisville, Ky.:

Following just received from Gallatin:

Scout just in from Rome reports that Morgan left Alexandria Monday morning with 12,000 men, cavalry and infantry, to cross at Gainesborough, en route for Glasgow. Kirby Smith said to be following.

J. P. GARESCHE,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS,Louisville, December 24, 1862.

General ROSECRANS:

J. W. Gorin, provost-marshal at Glasgow, telegraphs that he had reliable information that Morgan will be at Glasgow to-day. A squad of his men passed in direction of railroad. Wire will be cut. He saw the men. Morgan's operator will telegraph you directly.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

LOUISVILLE, December 24, 1862.

Major-General W. S. ROSECRANS:

John H. Morgan is at Glasgow. Our cavalry driven back. Falling back on Munfordville. Can you not send force in rear to cut Morgan off and capture him? With the daring and enterprise of the rebels, it can be done. Cannot General Reynolds do this by your sending additional force to Gallatin? Surely this can be done if Kirby Smith has gone to Mississippi.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

LOUISVILLE, December 24, 1862.

Colonel J. P. GARESCHE:

I trust General Rosecrans will move upon the rebels at Lebanon and Murfreesborough, as no force is to oppose their crossing the Cumberland, so as fall in their rear, if they cross and cut up their divided forces. The advance scouts of the enemy are at Glasgow.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

