
communication. He has not advanced yet within 20 miles of Gallatin. Learn that General Morgan was yesterday, all day and late in the evening, with force of 3,000, at Gallatin.

LEWIS ZAHM,

Colonel, Commanding Second Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Bowling Green, November 7, 1862.

Colonel ZAHM,

(Via Mitchellsville and courier lines:)

The general commanding has received your dispatch, and approves of your course. General Crittenden was in Scottsville last night; moves on Gallatin this morning. Inform him of all you know, and keep up communications with him. If you have to communicate, will Colonel Kennett act on the principle that the cavalry are the eyes of the army? Take orders for to-operation from General Crittenden. Always keep up your communication with headquarters.

ARTHUR C. DUCAT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY,In Camp at Fountain Head, November 7 1862 - 11 a.m.

Lieutenant Colonel ARTHUR C. DUCAT, [Acting] Chief of Staff:

This moment had a courier in from reconnoitering party toward Gallatin. Strong rebel pickets are occupying Tunnel Hill. Morgan, with his forces, from best information obtainable, is still at Gallatin. My force being only 600 strong, is too weak to attack him. I asked Colonel Stavens, at Mitchellsville Station, last night for re-enforcements, with the object of attacking Morgan. Colonel Stavens could not furnish me with any. Have dispatched two separate couriers, with report, this forenoon,to communicate these facts to General Crittenden.

LEWIS ZAHM,

Colonel, Commanding Second Cavalry Brigade.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,
 DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

No. 7. Bowling Green, Ky., November 7, 1862.

Captain Elmer Otis, Fourth Cavalry, U. S. Army, is announced as chief of courier lines. All such lines will be under his general direction, and his orders in reference to them are to be obeyed and respected. Commanders of corps, divisions, brigades, and detachments will immediately cause all non-commissioned officers and privates of cavalry who are mounted, but have no arms (except orderlies), to report at once to him at these headquarters, to be used in forming courier lines for carrying dispatches in a safe country. By this means effective cavalry, mow performing this duty, may be sent to the front.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

ARTHUR C. DUCAT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Chief of Staff.

