HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, December 24, 1862.

Governor YATES,

Springfield, Ill.:

General Halleck says Columbus, Ky., is reported in danger of an attack, and calls on me to send any available troops to re-enforce the place. If there are any troops still in Illinois, please send them to Columbus with all dispatch.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.*] HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING,

December 25, 1862.

GENERAL: The general commanding desires that you will march your command toward La Vergne to-morrow at 7.30 a.m. You will be preceded by General Palmer with the Second Division. You will move very light-three days' rations in the haversacks and two days' in the wagons; take also your reserve ammunition, but no tents. Also take 20 wagons, loaded with forage. Send back the rest of the train, under guard of the men who are unable to march, under charge of an officer, to be parked inside the fortifications at Nashville,at a place to be designated by General Mitchell, to whom report it to be made. Wagon guards will pitch their tents near the train, each train to be parked by itself. Strict discipline is to be observed in the camp; rolls to be regularly called, and good order insisted upon. You will, of course, take your hospital train.

By command of Major-General Crittenden:

LYNE STARLING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, December 25, 1862-8.25 p.m.

Major-General CRITTENDEN:

Move very light; three days' rations in haversacks; two days' rations in wagons; also reserve ammunition, but no tents. Take also 20 wagons, filled with forage, with each division. Send back the rest of the train, under guard of men unable to march, under charge of an officer, to be parked inside of the fortifications, at to be designated by General Mitchel, where report will be made. Wagon guards will pitch near train, each train to be parked by itself.

By order:

J. P. GARESCHE,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

No. 45. Nashville, Tenn., December 25, 1862.

The commanding general of each subordinate corps-if he has not already done so-will immediately appoint a chief of artillery, who shall also be the inspector of that arm in the corps.

The senior artillery officer in each division is chief and inspector of the artillery in that division.

---------------

*To division commanders.

---------------

