
The division inspector will make regular monthly and semi-monthly inspections of the batteries in the division, in accordance with the printed forms furnished, and send their reports direct to the inspector of artillery of that corps.

Semi-monthly reports by the division inspectors will be sent to the inspector of artillery of their corps between the 10th and 13th and the 20th and 25th of each month, and the monthly between the 1st and 3rd.

The inspector of artillery of each corps will immediately make a consolidated report of these, and transmit the same to the inspector of artillery of the department at these headquarters.

Inspection reports of the batteries in divisions detached from corps will report direct to the department inspector.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Nashville, December 25, 1862.

Brigadier-General REYNOLDS,

Gallatin:

Morgan has no such force. The total of their cavalry here, and the detachment of Forrest to West Tennessee, satisfies me that he has very little more than when en route to Hartsville, without the infantry. Not many crossed at Gainesborough. Prepare to cut with your division Morgan's retreat. Harlan will be sent to Cave City. He will go up on train to-night, and move on Morgan, wherever he may be.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

DECEMBER 25, 1862.

Brig. General JOSEPH J. REYNOLDS,

Gallatin:

How many pack and other horses can you raise, with saddles or bare backs, to put infantry on, to pursue them with, say, one-half ride, the others walk, and change horses-the infantry walking, to start early, to be overtaken and take the horses, and go on to camp, while the walking overtake them? Volunteers and picked men should go. Tell me what you can do.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

GALLATIN, December 25, 1862-7 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel GARESCHE,

Chief of Staff:

I will be off to-morrow morning early, with my division, numbering about 4,500 effective men, besides two batteries of six guns each. Have nothing left outside Gallatin except some cavalry pickets, which will be left. Also leave here a few cavalry for escorts, couriers, &amp;c. We go from here to Scottsville.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Brigadier-General.

