
NASHVILLE, December 25, 1862.

Brigadier-General BOYLE:

You need not fear; the brigade at Lebanon can, or the garrison at Munfordville can, whip Morgan to death; but I will take care that he has a good time getting home, as well as of his support, if he has any. Lay your wires to kill him. Don't credit the big stories he sends abroad, but tell your to fight him. Tell General Manson to let me know where Bruce is.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, December 25, 1862.

General BOYLE,Louisville:

He has no eight pieces of artillery at all; he has only two. One of my men stood and saw his entire command pass by the bluff, at Carthage. His wagon containing the telegraph wire broke down. My men smashed the battery. It is probably Morgan has taken the fore-wheels of wagons and mounted them with logs, to make our men think they were batteries.

W. S. ROSECRANS.

GALLATIN, December 25, 1862.

Lieutenant-General GARESCHE:

If General Reynolds goes out with his division on the Scottsville road, there will be no troops left here, except the convalescents and the One hundred and second Illinois Regiment. General Steedman's brigade, of my division, is at Pilot Knob, 6 miles from here. This will constitute the force left here. When will the cars be here to take them? Colonel Harlan can take 2,300 infantry, effective men. Cars should be sent to take the battery attached to Colonel Harlan's, six guns.

SPEED S. FRY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Nashville, December 25, 1862.

Brig. General S. S. FRY,

Gallatin:

Freight trains must be started before your trains arrive. Morgan may break up in squads, aiming at different points of railroad, or he may fall back above Carthage, or he may cross and go over toward Springfield, as he has done before. You must be guided by your information. But for firing on trains, general's advice would be, to move up to Cave City, march thence upon Glasgow, and attack him unhesitatingly, for you must not believe in stories you get of his force. He is no match for you. At Bowling Green you will probably get reliable information. Bruce was last night at Trenton; must now be at Clarksville, well intrenched. If at Bowling Green you learn that Morgan is not within striking distance, as you have no transportation, you had better just patrol the road up and down. Take an operator with you, and report frequently,and don't let Morgan cross road.

By command:

J. P. GARESCHE,

Chief of Staff.

