
LOUISVILLE, KY.,

November 7, 1862 - 6.30 p.m.

Colonel A. STAGER:

Two divisions of McCook's corps are at Edgefield Junction to-night. Heavy firing reported in direction of Nashville from morning to afternoon yesterday. Telegraph working to Mitchelsville. Guerrillas 5 miles below. Their bridge-builders returned to Mitchelsville, deeming it unsafe to remain unguarded. Office opened at Grand Junction at noon to-day.

SAM. BRUCH.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, November 7, 1862 - 3.40 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I have delayed reply to your telegram of the 5th, in order to get some further information of the enemy's movements. I have just heard from General Rosecrans, who says Kirby Smith, with 20,000 men, guards East Tennessee; that McCown is Cumberland Gap; that two brigades are at Big Creek Gap, and that all Bragg's force is moving on Nashville, via Sparta. General Rosecrans desires that the forces in Kentucky should not be reduced, and it seems imprudent to do so at present. These forces will, therefore, be moved still farther southward, to cover the country behind the gaps, and to co-operate, if needed, in General Rosecrans' movements. Operations in Western Virginia cannot this season be carried farther than the occupation of the country west of Flat Top and Sewell Mountain, owing to the impossibility of supplying a force beyond. Bridges are all gone, boats broken up, and roads will be impassable as soon as bad weather sets in. Terminating operations as above, Morgan's force may be at once withdrawn, and, unless disapproved by you to-day, orders will be given for bringing it here, to be added either to the forces now in Kentucky or for such other disposition as may then be best.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

CINCINNATI, November 7, 1862.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I have ordered Gilbert to occupy Jamestown with a brigade of infantry and a regiment of cavalry without delay. Granger will move his force to the other points as rapidly as possible, but he will need additional transportation before going far. What force do you design leaving along the road within the state of Kentucky? It is important I should know as soon as you determine. Am glad you sent the force to clean out Southwest Kentucky. I got here last night, having been sick at Lexington, Ky., and am overwhelmed with accumulated business.

WRIGHT.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, November 7, 1862.

Major Gen. GORDON GRANGER, Lexington, Ky.:

General Boyle telegraphed yesterday that he has information of large train of rebel wagons entering Whitley County from Tennessee to forage

