
Morgan, we learn, attacked Munfordville, and was repulsed. McCook, when last heard from, was driving enemy before him, when the fog, screening them from him, retarded his advance. He reports only one brigade at Triune. Tell Wood to drive the enemy vigorously, and give them no time to breathe.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Camp on Murfreesborough Pike, December 27, 1862.

Major-General CRITTENDEN,

Commanding Left Wing:

GENERAL: Your dispatch just received.* The general commanding is highly gratified that you saved the bridge. That is the best stroke yet. He heard of Wheeler's plan of setting a pike of rails on fire under it, so you could not put it out. McCook writes from Triune, 3 p.m., he is pursuing Hardee, who left either last night or this morning during the fog; he failed to destroy the bridge. Stanley says cavalry acted well; dislodged the enemy from Franklin last night; took some prisoners, among them commissioned officers. Things work well so far. Enemy under impression our advance was a feint. The distance from Triune to Murfreesborough being 17 miles, and the direction of Hardee's retreat uncertain, he will not order an advance to-night on Murfreesborough. To-morrow he would advise that the wagons look for forage back to the lines. Keep your men well in hand, and let them be comfortable. Reconnoiter the line of Stewart's Creek, and advise early of all the information you can get of any signs of fighting there.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

P. S.-General Mitchell will be ordered to-morrow to send up your supply train, now loaded at Nashville. Your empty wagons, after having foraged, will be sent back to Nashville.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Camp on Murfreesborough Pike, December 27, 1862-11.15 a.m.

General McCOOK:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that no flags of truce from General Bragg be received,except on Mondays and Thursdays, until further orders. This will not, however, be constructed so as to prevent the reception of flags of truce from commanders of forces in your immediate front for specific purpose. Only one flag of truce will be received from General Bragg, and that on one of the days specified, and on the main road, until further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copies of the above sent to Major-Generals Thomas and Crittenden and Brigadier-General Stanley.)

---------------

*See Part I, p.447.

---------------

