HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Camp on Murfreesborough Pike, December 27, 1862-12 a.m.

Major-Genera McCOOK,

Commanding Right Wing:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of this date (hour not stated) is just received. The general commanding directs that, while the fog lasts, you push an extended line of skirmishers forward on the enemy, feeling carefully for the latter, and with intervals sufficiently closed to keep up a communication along the whole line.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Camp near Murfreesborough Pike, December 27, 1862.

Major-General McCOOK:

GENERAL: Your dispatch,by Captain Long, has just been received. The general approves of your pursuit of Hardee with one division, under the circumstances. He waits to hear more of Hardee's movements before moving on Murfreesborough with the left and center, and, as soon as they are developed, trusts to your giving prompt information thereon. Crittenden holds the bridge at Stewart's Creek. The enemy attempted to burn, it, but the Third Kentucky, dashing across, extinguished the fire. It was too dark to pass his command across the stream, as the enemy is reported in force on the other side. Negley has got up, and was encamped on his right. Rousseau will be there to-morrow. The empty wagons might be sent out to forage to-morrow. Mitchell is ordered to send up your supply trains to-morrow, and your empty wagons can go back to be loaded and forwarded in their turn. Morgan made an attack on Munfordville, and was repulsed. Crittenden's loss to-day 6 or 7 killed and 30 wounded;he took 25 prisoners.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH DIVISION,One mile south of Nolensville, December 27, 1862-8 a.m.

Major FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

When the advance of my command reached Mill Creek, the point designated as the temporary position of my command, I received a dispatch from General Davis requesting support, his division having engaged the enemy in force. I sent forward an aide to ascertain the condition of affairs in front, when I received two more messages from General Davis, asking me to come forward. I therefore deemed it imperative to march to his support, and reached Nolensville before dark, with five regiments and two batteries. The rest of the command and a large portion of m train extends back to Mill Creek, interrupted by the very bad roads.

