
I received orders from Major-General Rosecrans last nigh to march on Stewartsborough, in concert with a similar movement by Crittenden's. I shall march, in accordance therewith, at 10 a.m.

Yours, very truly,

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH DIVISION,In Camp near Stewartsborough, Tenn., December 27, 1862-9.30 p.m.

Major GEORGE E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

SIR: My command arrived at the junction of the Stewartsborough and Murfreesborough pikes, near Stewart's Creek, at 6 p.m. to-day. A division of Major-General Crittenden's corps had driven the enemy, who were not in strong force this side, over the creek, obtaining possession of the bridge before it was destroyed. My command is now encamped on the right of General Crittenden, between the Stewartsborough road and the creek. The Stewartsborough road is very bad; a number of wagons broke down, owing to the rough and rocky roads. I have communicated the time of arrival to General Rosecrans, through General Crittenden, and have sent your dispatch. I have directed Colonel Sirwell, of my command, to bring forward the transportation and stores in advance of Major-General Rousseau.

Yours, very truly,

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Hamilton Church, December 27, 1862-5 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Center:

Anxious to hear from you to-night, so as to know what the programme is to be for to-morrow.

By command of Major-General W. S. Rosecrans:

R. S. THOMS,

Aide-de-camp.
HEADQUARTERS CENTER, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp near Nolensville, Tenn., December 27, 1862.

Colonel J. P. GARESCHE,

Chief of Staff:

General McCook drove the enemy out of Triune, and now occupies the place. Agreeably to orders, General Negley marched to and occupied Stewartsborough to-night. Colonel Zahm drove the enemy from Franklin yesterday; established a strong picket at Petersburg, and is camped to-night on the Wilson pike. I shall move the balance of my command to Stewartsborough to-morrow, unless otherwise ordered. I have sent no dispatch to headquarters previous to this to-day.

Very respectfully,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

