HEADQUARTERS CENTER,Camp at Nolensville, December 27, 1862.

Colonel J. P. GARESCHE,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: It appears from the accompanying note from Major-General McCook that Hardee has left Triune. I shall move Rousseau and Walker over to Stewartsborough to-morrow, unless otherwise ordered.

Very respectfully,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General Volunteers.

[Inclosures.]
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, December 27, 1862-3 p.m.

[General THOMAS:]

GENERAL: Your note this moment received. Sheridan says he has a trusty man named Lane, who lives at Lane's store. His brother-inlaw is a conscript in Douglass' cavalry, and under Wheeler. He carried a dispatch to General Bragg last night, who was at Murfreesborough last night. I will soon have a report from my front, which will enable me to judge which road they have taken. Contrabands say that the army is leaving Murfreesborough. My losses are few. Wood's brigade contested the crossing at Triune stubbornly. They have destroyed the bridge here.

A. McD. McCOOK,Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-The conscript referred to is in camp.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, December 27, 1862-8 p.m.

[General THOMAS:]

GENERAL: General Sheridan's scout, Mr. Lane, has seen a man at Triune who was a conscript, and left Murfreesborough this 8 a.m. He states that he carried a dispatch from General Wheeler, who was at Stewart's Creek, to General Bragg. The dispatch he heard read. It stated "that the Federals had been marching in heavy column on that crossing, but that he had maintained his position well; that the Federals had captured some of his pickets." He learned by conversation with well-informed persons in Murfreesborough that their whole force was still at that place, would make a strong stand at Stewart's Creek, and then fall back to Murfreesborough. He also states that Bragg is fully posted in regard to our movements. A contraband who left Murfreesborough yesterday at 10 a.m. states that the enemy are retreating from there in the direction of Shelbyville. I think the enemy are concentrated at Murfreesborough.

Respectfully,A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CENTER, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Nolensville, December 27, 1862.

Lieut. Colonel J. P. GARESCHE,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: The foregoing report was forwarded yesterday about 5 p.m., but the orderly failed to find headquarters, although he came to this

