
on Cumberland River, with a sufficient force to carry out his object. Have you such information? We must look out for these incursions, which will continue if information sent this morning is correct.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. 14TH ARMY CORPS, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Bowling Green, November 8, 1862.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit, for the information of the General-in-Chief, the statement of Lieutenant Holloway, Fifth Cavalry, U. S. Army, who was taken prisoner some two months since and paroled a few days ago. He was permitted to pass their lines by an aide of Breckinridge, with, whom he was acquainted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

-------

--, 1862.

On the 27th of October General Breckinridge's army reached Murfreesborough, Knoxville, and Chattanooga. His command numbered about 8,000. Forrest had a force of 5,000 or 6,000 men at Murfreesborough, who were badly officered and armed, all of whom had joined the army since, Buell evacuated Tennessee. On the morning of November 1, General Breckinridge's army left Murfreesborough for La Vergne, 15 miles distant from Nashville, and on the morning of the 6th they attacked the city and were repulsed, but with what loss I am unable to state. I talked with many of Breckinridge's staff. They did no believe Nashville could be taken, and thought it was General Breckinridge's intention to burn the city, the citizens having signified a willingness to have their property destroyed. The rebels have 30,000 men near Nashville, but I think 15,000 will cover their entire force. They had forty-five pieces of artillery at Murfreesborough, a few siege guns among the number. Breckinridge's command was composed entirely of Kentuckians and Tennesseeans. I think his object in going to Murfreesborough was to let his army visit their friends and obtain clothing, and also to carry off all the provisions in Middle Tennessee, and to fill up the old Tennessee regiments with conscripts. They have large quantities of bacon and salt at Murfreesborough and Lebanon.

They were, however, hauling the provisions from Lebanon to Murfreesborough as fast as their transportation would admit, which was very limited. The rebels expected the divisions of Generals Cheatham and Buckner at Murfreesborough some two weeks ago. Cheatham was reported at Tullahoma, Buckner at Chattanooga, all of which I believe is a mistake. I think General Bragg's army has either gone to the Potomac or to re-enforce General Van Dorn, now Pemberton's command. General Kirby Smith is at the Cumberland Gap with between 10,000 and 15,000 men. Bragg's entire army has had plenty of time to reach Murfreesborough. I do not think any of his command started for that point.

