
BOWLING GREEN, December 27, 1862-11 p.m.

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

The advance of Reynolds' command has arrived at Scottsville. Will move toward Glasgow to-morrow morning.

MAHLON D. MANSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, December 27, 1862-4.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General BOYLE,

Louisville, Ky.:

I do not understand how firing could be heard at Bardstown, both in the direction of Elizabethtown and Lebanon, as these places are on lines making more than a right angle with each other, unless Morgan has divided his force. There ought to be no doubt which was the direction, if heard at all. Morgan, from best accounts, has but three regiments-not exceeding 1,800 men in all. Deduct 600 for holding horses, and he had but 1,200 for his fighting force, and you should whip him at your important points. He may dash at you; and I have asked Colonel Carrington to hurry forward any force you may ask from Governor Morton, on whom you will call freely.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, December 27, 1862-4.30 p.m.

Colonel H. B. CARRINGTON,

Indianapolis, Ind.:

General Boyle telegraphs his apprehensions that Morgan may make a dash on Louisville,and I have instructed him to ask any assistance in the way of troops that Governor Morton can afford. Please see that they are promptly moved on being called for. According to my best information, which I deem reliable, Morgan has but three regiments, counting, in all, not exceeding 1,800 men. Deduct 600 for holding horses, and he has for his fighting force but 1,200 in all. Boyle should whip him, according to this, at all important points, except Louisville, where he is too weak, as he has sent his re-enforcements forward. We must not let Louisville be taken.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, December 27, 1862.

Major-General [GORDON] GRANGER,

Lexington, Ky.:

General Boyle says that commanding officer at Lebanon reports cannonading in direction of New Market, and has directed him to retain Baird's battery, now at that place,and asked latter to send him two or three regiments. Post at Lebanon rather weak, and you will comply

