
with request if you can spare the troops. The wires are cut on the railroad, and Morgan's whereabouts are not known certainly, though it would seem that he has divided his forces. Have instructed Boyle to mass his cavalry and follow him, and, if you can add to it, do so. We must catch him with cavalry, if at all.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, December 27, 1862-9.45 p.m.

Brigadier-General AMMEN,

Camp Dennison:

Send Colonel Wilcox's regiment* to Louisville without a moment's unnecessary delay. Morgan is approaching the place, and the force there must be strengthened. Answer when it can be ready to move.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, December 27, 1862-9.45 p.m.

Major-General [GORDON] GRANGER,

Lexington, Ky.:

It won't do to scatter and be cut up in detail, but if troops can be spared from one point to strengthen another, it should be done. Morgan is at Muldraugh's Hill; has taken Elizabethtown, and Boyle fears dash on Louisville. Can you send him a regiment to-night? It is of utmost importance you do so. Can you, by pressing horses, mount enough of your infantry to move against rebels with success?

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Camp on Murfreesborough [Pike], December 28, 1862.

Major-General CRITTENDEN,

Commanding Left Wing:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to inquire if your pickets cover Stewart's Creek, between you and Colonel Hazen's brigade; if not, they should be made to do so. The bridge and all fords should be well guarded. An orderly officer just reports that you have crossed two divisions; if this is true, the general directs that they recross at once, and that you cover the crossings by brigade, so that, in case you should be attacked before the other wings, you would have the creek in your front.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*One hundred and thirteenth Ohio.

---------------

