HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Camp near La Vergne, December 28, 1862-11.30 p.m.

Major-General CRITTENDEN,

Camp near Stewartsborough:

GENERAL: Your dispatch is just received. The general commanding thinks the artillery should go over to the bridge on Jefferson pike to-night.

I am, very respectfully,

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, December 28, 1862.

Brigadier-General VAN CLEVE,Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding wishes Colonel Beatty with the First and Second Brigades from your division to remain where they are, to hold the bridge across Stewart's Creek, on the Jefferson pike, and has given orders to Colonel Hazen to leave them here. If you have foraged successfully to-day, unload your wagons and send them back to Nashville to-morrow morning, to report to General Mitchell. Should you have any prisoners, send them in by 8 a.m., to go to Nashville, under escort.

By command of Major-General Crittenden:

LYNE STARLING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH BRIGADE, December 28, 1862-8 p.m.

Major LYNE STARLING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.:

MAJOR:I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding the left wing of the army, as follows:

Late to-day there was no enemy in my front this side of Jefferson, and, from all reports and information gathered, I believe no strong force this side of Murfreesborough. On this pike there are two bridges over forks of Stone's River, near Jeffersonville, 3 miles from here; one of them, the first, the citizens have not used for three months. There was up this morning, but is at the discretion of the foe. There are two practicable roads leading from near this point to the Murfreesborough pike, parallel to Stewart's Creek, one on each side and near it. I know of no roads crossing and bridge over Stewart's Creek, south to the road joining the two pikes. There is a good crossing and bridge over Stewart's Creek at this point, and a poor ford a little below it. There is a poor bridge and tolerable ford over Stewart's Creek, at Smyrna. This bridge is practicable, but not good. It could be repaired easily. As to the condition of this last-named bridge, I did not know that any was there until late this evening, and

