
the troops I have sent to it have not yet reported. This information concerning it gives the condition yesterday.

The above is respectfully submitted.

W. B. HAZEN,

Colonel, Commanding Nineteenth Brigade.

P. S.-I inclose a rough map of the roads, crossings, &amp;c., of the immediate vicinity of my camp.

SHELBYVILLE OR EAGLEVILLE PIKE,

Three miles from junction of Riggs' Cross-Roads Pike,

About 7 miles from Triune, December 28, [1862]-11 a.m.

Major-General A. McD. McCOOK,

Commanding Right Wing:

GENERAL: We have reached the dirt road which leads over to the Salem pike. The enemy have taken that road; this we know from prisoners, from absence of camp-fires last night, from state of the roads, from which there seems to be no doubt of the enemy's movements. There seem to have been six brigades at College Grove, to wit: Johnson's, Liddell's, Cleburne's, Adams', and two others, names unknown. Yesterday morning at sunrise they commenced to retreat, and were formed in line of battle, until about noon yesterday, on this spot. General Willich is about to return, having gained the information purposed for this reconnaissance. No enemy visible. Cavalry vedettes all gone.

Very respectfully,

HORACE N. FISHER,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, December 28, 1862-1.30 p.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 3.30 a.m. was received at 7 a.m. There was no obstacle in the way of attacking Hardee, except the fog and the persistent manner in which the enemy resisted our advance before the fog cleared away, through the defiles in the hills, with infantry, artillery, and cavalry. From knowledge I had from prisoners and negroes, that Hardee's entire corps had been drawn up in line of battle the evening before, the nature of the ground being entirely in the enemy's favor, they knowing it perfectly well, and I and my generals being strangers to it; the breaking down of the bridge across Wilson's Creek, on this side of Triune, leaving very ugly bluff banks to the river; the river rising, and, when the troops arrived in front of Triune, being in a blinding rain-storm; also not being able to tell our own troops from those of the enemy during the fog, my troops having several times fired at our own cavalry in front, commanded by General Stanley in person; all these reasons, and others of less importance, prevented a more rapid advance. The following dispatch has just been received (verbation et literatim) from General Willich, who is 7 miles in advance on the Shelbyville pike: "The enemy is no more here; all gone to Murfreesborough."

I shall have a negro here in a few moments, who left Murfreesborough this morning. I will send you the news when I get hold of him.

Respectfully, &c.,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.

