HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Camp on Murfreesborough Pike, December 28, 1862.

Major-General McCOOK,

Commanding Right Wing:

GENERAL: Your last dispatch, dated 5.30 p.m., received; also one from General Thomas. Crittenden holds the crossings of Stewart's Creek and Jefferson pike with two bridges, and the two other bridges on main pike. Negley is there. McCown has moved up from Readyville to the front yesterday morning. Are the troops drawn in from Baird's Mills to Black's Cross-Roads? Troops from Murfreesborough moved up. Everything indicates a determination to fight us. Leave a brigade at Triune to cover your flank, and move on Murfreesborough, unless you have positive information that Hardee's corps has all gone toward Shellbyville; then advise me at once, and carry out previous orders; but, from all I can see, it is important not to lose time. Thomas will be in position to-night, and to-morrow we shall advance on Murfreesborough. Walker's brigade will be left at Nolensville for to-day. Push on Murfreesborough with all your force. Keep me well advised. Send to Nolensville, where we will connect with you. This in the supposition that your conjectures are true as to Hardee's movement in that direction. I need hardly caution you to spread wide your line of flankers and skirmishers. Waste no ammunition, if you can help it. If you find you can do so, push everything before you and seize the enemy's line of communication. Stanley can probably operate on your right flank with great advantage with he center, if there is anything to be done. These headquarters will be established at La Vergne this afternoon.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Camp near La Vergne, December 28, 1862-10.20 p.m.

Major-General McCOOK,

via Triune:

GENERAL: The general desires me to call your attention to the lower road toward Murfreesborough, that which runs by Lane's store. It is said to be the better one the two.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully,

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

HDQRS. RIGHT WING, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, December 28, 1862-10.45 p.m.

Colonel GARESCHE,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: If I do not hear from before daylight, I will march as rapidly as possible on the Bole Jack road. It is the shortest and best. This road goes by Lane's store, and crosses the old Shelbyville and Nashville stage road at Wilkinson's, 7 miles from Murfreesborough I hit a good pike. I will take all my wagon train with me over

