HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Camp near La Vergne, December 28, 1862-12 a.m.

Major-General ROUSSEAU:

GENERAL: Orders have been dispatched to General Thomas to order your division immediately forward to Stewart's Creek, where it must be this night, and, as the road is said to be execrably bad, the sooner you get it in motion the better. Fearing lest my dispatch to General Thomas may miss him on the way, I send the order direct to you. The general commanding desires you to take only forage enough for the horses of the staff and artillery. Walker's brigade can cover your movement, and protect and afterward bring up your train. Had you not better send a courier down the road, to intercept, and send some round by the Murfreesborough pike for supply train, which we directed General Mitchell to send up to you this morning? General headquarters will be established at La Vergne, and a line of couriers opened between that point and Nolensville.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Camp 3 1/2 miles north of La Vergne, December 28, 1862-12.10 p.m.

Brigadier-General STANLEY,

Chief of Cavalry, Triune:

GENERAL: The general commanding desires me to inform you that there is every prospect of the enemy's fighting a battle between Stewart's Creek and Murfreesborough. General McCook will give you the substance of the information we have on this point. Act in concert with him, and cover his movements. General headquarters will be established in a few hours at La Vergne, and a line of couriers be opened from that point to Nolensville.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. CENTER, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Nolensville, December 28, 1862.

Lieut. Colonel J. P. GARESCHE,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: Your note of last night received. I have directed General Rousseau to remain here to-day and get forage for his animals. The crossing of Mill Creek is so bad that I doubt if the supply trains from Nolensville can get here to-night. I will cross over to General Negley's camp to-day, where I will make my headquarters until we move again. If you design Rousseau and Walker to move to-morrow, please send me the order to Stewartsborough. I have not heard what progress the engineers have made on the bridge across Mill Creek at Antioch Church,

17 R R-VOL XX, PT II

