
the flank, keeping regimental distances, with a battery accompanying the brigade in the interval between the regiments. As soon as the brigade is out of the way, you will cross with the remaining brigades, marching in the same order. As soon as you can move up, do so, and make room for General Palmer, who will immediately follow you, marching in the same order. Should you find it necessary to form in line of battle, do so, so as to enable General Palmer to form on your right.

By command of Major-General Crittenden:

LYNE STARLING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, December 29, 1862.

General VAN CLEVE:

GENERAL: You will immediately, upon receipt of this dispatch, move a brigade across the creek. As soon as they are entirely over, move promptly by the best route you can to rejoin the command on the Murfreesborough pike. They will advance by regiments, marching by the flank, keeping regimental distances, with a battery accompanying the brigade in the interval between the regiments. As soon as the advance brigade is out of the way, move over with your whole command, and march promptly forward in the same order as commander for the first brigade.

By command of Major-General Crittenden:

LYNE STARLING,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, LEFT WING,

December 29, 1862-10.30 a.m.

Major LYNE STARLING,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

We are shelling their advance vedettes.

PALMER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, December 29, 1862-1.30 p.m.

Colonel J. P. GARESCHE,Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: When about 2 miles beyond Stewart's Creek, I was met by an aide from General Palmer, in advance, who informs me that General Negley is still at the ford, not having yet crossed the creek, they and I supposing that he was advancing on our right. I shall continue to move on until further orders, unless stopped by the enemy. The road by which I expect Van Cleve to come on is only 1 mile this side the creek, as I am informed by a guide.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.

