HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Camp near La Vergne, December 29, 1862-1.45 a.m.

Major-General McCOOK,

Triune:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to inform you that a regiment of cavalry which was sent down this evening from Stewartsborough toward Lizzard's had been obliged to return, leaving meantime the enemy in such force at the fords at Stewart's Creek, 2 miles in advance of our position, so as to make it imprudent to go in. Their camp extended a considerable distance to the right of our extreme right, and they signaling with blue lights. The general wishes you to be on your guard, therefore, and desires you to throw out infantry scouts upon the roads leading from the Nolensville pike toward Murfreesborough, and which flank your march. Pray keep me advised of your movements, progress, and whereabouts. It is more than ever important that your dispatches should give the hour when and locality where you write.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,December 29, 1862-8.30 a.m.

Colonel GARESCHE:

I am marching on the road by Lane's store; Davis has the advance. I will proceed carefully, looking well to my flanks. I was not informed whether the force which stopped Murray's cavalry was infantry or cavalry. I will push on as ordered, and if I think they have an overwhelming force opposed to me, I will take up a strong position, and hold on until I hear from you. I deem it absolutely necessary to co-operate with the center. I have left a brigade this side of Triune in a strong position. Davis is now near Lane's store. I will not descend into the valley until I know that all is clear in my front, or, at least, until I know the amount of force opposed to me.

Respectfully,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Nine Miles from Murfreesborough, December 29, 1862-12.20 p.m.

Colonel GARESCHE,

Chief of Staff:

My column arrived here at 12 m. to-day. My road has been very bad. This point is 6 or 7 miles above Stewartsborough. I have heard no firing in your direction, which leads me to believe that you have not advanced, or that the enemy have retired before you. I have seen none of the enemy to-day, save 3 straggling prisoners. I have sent a dispatch to you direct, and sent this by Nolensville. The general talk among the people here is that the enemy have left Murfreesborough. There is a heavy cedar thicket and hills in my front. I am now feeling them. Zahm, with three regiments, is on the direct road from Triune to Murfreesborough. Have not heard from Zahm. Stanley has [no] ammunition.

Respectfully,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.

