HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Camp near La Vergne, December 29, 1862-2 p.m.

Major-General McCOOK:

Your dispatch just received. The general commanding directs me to say that you had better leave Stanley to observe your flank and rear south of Triune. He is informed that there is no doubt plenty of ammunition in Nashville for any caliber of arms Stanley has. It is his fault if he is out, and he must provide without delay; if he can do no better, he must go back. Walker's three regiments have been ordered to be left at Nolensville to close that line. He thinks it would be well if you could leave some force, one or two regiments, at Triune. Your choice of Bole Jack line is approved. If that road is good, you can place a brigade south of Lane's store, if you deem it prudent.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Wilkinson's Cross-Roads, [December 29, 1862.]

[General ROSECRANS:]

GENERAL: I neglected to inform you that I have failed to find Negley, Thomas, or Rousseau. I heard Negley was coming up right bank of Stewart's Creek. He is not here. I will persevere, and try and find him by morning.

McCOOK,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, December 29, 1862-11 p.m.

[General ROSECRANS:]

GENERAL: This just received. I have not answered it, as you gave direction to have General McCook found, and as he (McCook) says he will persevere,and try to find Negley till morning, answer would do no good.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,C. R. THOMPSON,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING,

Three Miles from Wilkinson's Cross-Roads, December 29, 1862-3 p.m.

Colonel GARESCHE,

Chief of Staff:

The rebels appeared in strong force in my front, but retired. I think they came out to burn the bridge over Overall's Creek. I will not go beyond Wilkinson's Cross-Roads until further orders. I send you notes from Stanley and Sheridan, which will be of importance to you. They are undoubtedly in force, and intend to fight at Stone's River. You are now in about half hour communication of me. I have had Zahm and three regiments of cavalry on the Franklin road. Two of my divisions have already passed Lizzard's, and Johnson, my reserve, left one brigade at Triune, and on in charge of the ammunition train; consequently he

