
has but one brigade. I can, if you wish, picket that road by a brigade of infantry, but Zahm will sleep there to-night. I will have all up to Wilkinson's Cross-Roads, snug, and wait your orders.

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

WILKINSON'S CROSS-ROADS.

Major-General McCOOK:

GENERAL: Our cavalry are about 2 miles beyond this. Zahm is abreast with us; he has been fighting some. The burning going on seems to be the Nashville pike bridge over Stone's River. The prisoners and negroes say the rebs are in line of battle from the Franklin to the Nashville pike. They have moved all their camps. I will arrange to bivouac if you have no orders.

D. S STANLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Stewart's Creek, December 29, 1862-3.20 p.m.

Major-General McCOOK:

GENERAL: Your dispatch commanding intelligence conveyed by Mr. Lane, General Sheridan's scout, is received. This, if true, makes it very important that we should know in what direction Hardee has retired. Try and ascertain, adn report as soon as you possibly can. Let us know, too, the position of your troops, of the advanced division particularly, and what were the obstacles which interposed, if any, besides the fog, in the way of your advance yesterday. Since my last dispatch, in which I announced to you that Crittenden has taken and holds the bridge over Stewart's Creek, on the Murfreesborough pike, we have learned that Hazen has also taken and was in possession of that on the Jefferson pike.

I am, genera, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Stewart's Creek, Murfreesborough Pike, December 29, 1862-4.02 p.m.

Major-General McCOOK:

GENERAL: Your dispatch, 12.20 m., just received. Palmer's division is within 3 miles of Murfreesborough. No firing since early this morning. Crittenden's corps has crossed Stewart's Creek; his trains are following. Your conjectures are probably correct. There is no necessary of your going into Murfreesborough to-night, if that is the case. Come on until you reach the Wilkinson pike, whenever you can find forage. Should it prove,as we now believe, the enemy has made a precipitate retreat from Murfreesborough, you had better move on Salem, where you will probably find forage, and where you can receive your supplies by Murfreesborough pike. If you can find forage, push a reconnoitering party of two brigades down the road toward Shelbyville to Middleton.

