
If you see General Stanley, tell him to direct his cavalry to look out particularly for forage west of Salem, and to push on down to Shelbyville. Negley is moving on Wilkinson's Cross-Roads.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,Wilkinson's, 5 miles from Stone's River, December 29, 1862-4.25.

General CRITTENDEN:

DEAR TOM:I am up and ready for work. My cavalry, I hear, have just made an unfortunate dash on some rebel infantry, on the right of Wilkinson pike. I have not heard of Thomas, Rousseau, or Negley to-day. The rebels, so far as my information goes, are in line of battle, their left on the Franklin road and extending to the Murfreesborough pike. All their camps have been struck and baggage sent out on the McMinnville road. I have not heard from Rosecrans to know what to do. I suppose I will get instructions to-night. We all should meet and have a conference; don't you say so? I have had a miserable road to-day. Was sick yesterday, but am well to-day. Would be glad to see you.

Respectfully,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Stewartsborough, December 29, 1862-5.30 p.m.

Major-General McCOOK:

GENERAL: Report from Crittenden's advance, 3.45 p.m. says the enemy in line of battle on the east side of Stone' River-infantry, cavalry, and artillery. Crittenden has been ordered to form in order of battle out of cannon range, covering his flank down Stone's River to Jefferson pike, two divisions in front across Murfreesborough road, one in reserve, Negley to come in on his right. Place your left division on Negley's right, in two lines. Put your right facing a little more to the south, I should judge, from what I know of the country, and then reconnoiter in force south toward Franklin road. Send cavalry to the west down toward Salem, the main point being to cover your right against a possibility of a surprise, and to ascertain if the enemy intend to fight altogether behind Stone's River. Establish signal stations, if you can, to communicate. I expect to be down at the front.

By order of General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Wilkinson's Cross-Roads, December 29, 1862-10.20 p.m.

Colonel GARESCHE,

Chief of Staff;

COLONEL: I have ordered the brigade of Johnson's division left at Triune to march by night to join me here. They will be here by daylight

