HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, CENTER,FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Camp on Mill Creek, December 29, [1862]-12 m.

Major GEORGE E. FLYNT:

MAJOR:I have the honor to report the receipt of your order of yesterday.

On night before last I learned, through Captain McQuilkin, my acting assistant adjutant-general, who met an officer from Major-General Thomas's staff, that orders had been sent me to move to Nolensville. This officer then directed that my brigade should move to that point the following morning. Learning that General Rousseau's trains were having great difficulty in crossing from the Wilson to the Nolensville pike, and could not possibly get out of my way, I thought it advisable to go back beyond Brentwood and half mile and cross to the Nolensville pike, by a cross-road known as the Raines' Cross-Road. This I did, and found a good road, reached the pike in safety with all my train, and advanced to this point. Here, the bridge being destroyed, the crossing had become utterly impracticable. I found the Michigan Mechanics and Engineers busily engaged constructing the bridge, which they assured me would be ready for crossing by 8 or 9 o'clock this morning. It will be 10 or 11, however. As soon as it is, I shall move forward, in accordance with orders.

In compliance with instruction from Major-General Thomas, I sent my quartermaster to Nolensville for a train, but was unable to get it. I then sent my quartermaster to Gallatin for my old train. He will return to-night if he gets the train, and load it and follow on to this point. If not, I will send again with the order of Captain Mackay, and try my luck again, when I will be ready to carry out your instructions.

Very respectfully, yours,

M. B. WALKER,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

DECEMBER 29, 1862.

General THOMAS:

General Palmer has driven the enemy to within 3 miles of Murfreesborough. Enemy are running.

VON SCHRADER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Inspector-General.

STEWARTSBOROUGH, TENN., December 29, 1862.

Brigadier-General MANSON:

If General Wright, with 20,000 men, cannot take care of Morgan, I shall not send any more troops up. I have already sent three brigades. Has Colonel Bruce taken possession of Clarksville? If so, open communication with him at once. Tell him to put himself in order, and gather provisions and forage not only for himself, but for Nashville.

W. S. ROSECRANS.

