HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, December 29, 1862-1.20 p.m.

Lieutenant FITCH,

Commanding Naval Force, Evansville, Ind.:

I have instructed General Boyle at Louisville to request you or Captain Pennock, or both, to supply necessary convoy to steamers taking supplies up the Cumberland River to Nashville, to General Rosecrans' army. It is of utmost importance that supplies should go as indicated, as the road from Louisville to Nashville has been seriously damaged. Please afford the necessary aid, if possible, on General Boyle's call.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, December 29, 1862.

Brig. General J. M. TUTTLE,

Cairo, Ill.:

The Louisville and Nashville road has been seriously damaged by late raid, and it will take some weeks probably to repair it. I n the mean time General Rosecrans must be supplied, if possible, by the Cumberland River. Can't you send subsistence from Cairo, which is nearer than Louisville? I am told you have a great many light-draught steamers and light gunboats for convoy at Cairo. I telegraphed Captain Pennock last night to know if he could spare gunboats to convoy transports up the river, but have received no answer. Let me hear in the morning what you can do. One million of rations and good supply of forage should be sent.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, December 29, 1862-9.45 p.m.

Major-General GORDON GRANGER,

Lexington, Ky.:

Morgan is near Shepherdsville with force of 3,000 men and some guns. Much larger number have been given, but this is last report. An additional regiment, if sent to-night, would make Louisville safe, I believe. Send it, if you can prudently. I can re-enforce you from here with three regiments by Thursday or Friday, and brigades is ordered from Kanawha. Don't know exactly when to expect it.

Truly,

H. G. WRIGHT.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, December 29, 1862-11.15 a.m.

Gov. DAVID TOD,

Columbus, Ohio:

Thanks for your dispatch of yesterday. It will be prudent to bring the regiments you refer to to Covington, where they can be readily available in case they are wanted. Please, therefore, send all the force you have to report to me at this point, without delay. The three or four companies Eighth Ohio Cavalry should reach here as soon as possible, and I have instructed General Ammen to have them ready to move on receiving your order.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

