
LOUISVILLE, KY., December 30, 1862.

General ROSECRANS:

I have ordered large amount of stores up Green River to Bowling Green; also up the Cumberland. I got General Wright order 1,000,000 rations up the Cumberland from Cairo.

J. T. BOYLE.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, December 30, 1862.

General DAVIS,Commanding First Division, Right Wing:

The following will be the programme to-morrow: If the rebels attack you in the morning, you must refuse your right, and fall back slowly, contesting the ground inch by inch, and fight as well as the rebels fought you to-day. If they do not attack you, you will attack warmly, not vigorously. General Crittenden's corps will cross the river and take Murfreesborough, and attack any force in rear that falls in front of him, and try and work on the line in your front. Be sure that each and every one of your brigade commanders understand the orders. The time of the attack on our side will be designated. I will go over to see General Rosecrans to-night.

By command of Major-General McCook:

G. P. THRUSTON,

Ordnance Officer and Acting Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Nashville, Tenn., December 30, 1862.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

GENERAL: I have just learned this evening that the train that left here yesterday morning, and reported at your headquarters last night, in charge of Captain Bradley, of Davis' division, was captured and burned at La Vergne, and an escort taken prisoners by a body of cavalry, supposed to be commanded by Wheeler. The telegraph wires are cut, and our messengers all taken or driven in. I am arranging and will start all the wagons belonging to the provision trains at 1 a.m. to-morrow, with a strong escort under the command of Colonel Gillem, including a large amount of ordnance stores. If you are in such condition as to enable you to send an escort to meet them on the way, you will greatly oblige me at this post. The duty here is heavy, but we will cheerfully endure it if we can accomplish any good result. Everything looks blue in Kentucky. The railroad from Bacon Creek to Muldraugh's Hill is badly smashed up, and I understand that Morgan has gone to Bardstown. I am in communication with Colonel Bruce at Clarksville. I have directed him to buy, take, and send all the forage he can from that point to this place, and have also sent me out to buy forage on the line of railroad between here and Bowling Green. The rebels came up within 1 mile of our pickets this evening, but in small force. I think they will not find us asleep.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

[Brigadier-General.]

