
for my corps. General Wood has none for his division. General VanCleve has but about 40 supply wagons. I shall use every effort to bring up supplies from Mitchellsville; but as General Van Cleve will have to march over 20 miles to-day, I shall be detained necessarily to bring them up, and I shall camp my forces to-night principally on the Cumberland River. The want of cavalry greatly embarrasses my operations. Colonel Kennett has not yet reported, so I have none to send to General Smith, as you have ordered. Without a cavalry force at Hartsville, I fear a single regiment would not be safe here, and I have no means of opening communication with General McCook. I shall, as promptly as possible, execute your orders. Shall send my wagons to Mitchellsville by the way of Fountain Head, with the hope that supplies may be sent there, which would greatly facilitate my obtaining them.

Most respectfully,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Bowling Green, November 8, 1862_10 p.m.

Major General THOMAS L. CRITTENDEN:

Communication and dispatch of 12 m. received. Have instructed General McCook to send you 50,000 assorted rations as soon as possible. We are astonished Kennett does not move more rapidly; he has his orders such as sent you last night. Send back communication to Galatin and find him; he is moving that way of front. You must have his force, and use all that can be spared from a strong occupation of Harstville on the front and flank of your advance across the river. Do all you can to communicate with General McCook at Nashville. Kennett's orders are to occupy Hartsville strongly, and the balance on your front.

General Smith has been ordered to join you when relieved by General Dumont. The general leaves for Nashville on Monday morning.

By command of General Rosecrans:

ARTHUR C. DUCAT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Bowling Green, November 8, 1862_10 p.m.

Major-General CRITTENDEN, Gallatin:

Fifty thousand rations have been sent to Fountain Head for the use of your army.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

ARTHUR C. DUCAT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Chief of Staff.

MITCHELLSVILLE, November 8, 1862_5 p.m.

General ROSECRANS:

I have sent two brigades forward to guard the tunnel, with directions to send one regiment on railroad to protect the party putting up telegraph wire. Also directed a sufficient guard to be send to protect for aging

