
troops. In case you do not see the general commanding on your arrival, you will take position in rear and to the left of Rousseau's command, to act as a reserve, or to attack, if necessary. Bring forward your train and park it with Rousseau's, and furnish your men with two days' rations in haversacks.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[GEO. E. FLYNT,]

Major and Chief of Staff.

OFFICE CHIEF OF POLICE,

Nashville, December 30, 1862.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

C. H. Ball and Miss Collins, whom I had sent to Murfreesborough Friday night, by way of Lebanon, just in. On their way all troops were moving toward Murfreesborough. Were in Murfreesborough from Saturday nigh to Sunday, at 1 p.m. Found troops moving out toward La Vergne, evidently concentrating on Murfreesborough, drawing in right and left wings. General Bragg himself said that his force was 60,000, well armed and clothed. Were loading munitions of war in large amounts on railroad cars. No fortifications. Left there at 1 p.m. Sunday, on Shellbyville pike. Passed train of 29 wagons of flour, going into Murfreesborough. All their wagon transportation concentrated in Murfreesborough, loaded and loading. Was informed by Major McConnico, in personal conversation, that they had about 40,000 troops. These officers informed me that they should probably retreat back to the flat lands below Murfreesborough, and there could easily outflank the Federals.

WM. TRUESDAIL,

Chief of Police.

LOUISVILLE, KY., December 30, 1862.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Bridges were destroyed between Rolling Fork and Green River. Parties are at work rebuilding bridges and repairing telegraph. If a part of my force can be spared, they might come up by train and rebuild bridges over Valley Creek, three in number. This will serve for trains to Elizabethtown, from which point we can forward by rail supplies, to be taken then by wagons, in case Cumberland should become low. I have advised Captain Jenkins to urge forward, by all the boats he can obtain, supplies to Nashville by Cumberland River, sending two small boats that can act as lighters to take supplies from Harpeth, in case the other boats cannot get up. Mr. Trembath will call on you for instructions about bridges.

J. B. ANDERSON,

Military Superintendent of Railroads.
HEADQUARTERS,Louisville, December 30, 1862.

Major SIDELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Colonel Harlan overtook Morgan at Rolling Fork; engaged him, killing a number and capturing some. Morgan had destroyed trestle-work and number of bridges, but had not time to destroy Rolling Fork Bridge

