
INDEPENDENT COMMANDS.

CINCINNATI, OHIO.

Colonel S. BURBANK, 2nd U. S. Infantry.

115th Ohio (two companies), Lieut. Colonel T. C. Boone.

18th U. S. Infantry (four companies), Captain J. A. Thompson.

NEWPORT BARRACKS, KY.

13th U. S. Infantry (one company).

Recruits (one company).

Permanent party and band.

CAMP BUTLER, ILL.

Colonel W. F. LYNCH.

58th Illinois Infantry, Lieut. Colonel Isaac Ruteshauser.

17th Illinois Cavalry (detachment).

Jackson's cavalry (detachment).

Schambeck's cavalry (detachment).

De Russy's artillery (detachment).

COVINGTON, KY.

115th Ohio, Colonel J. A. Lucy.

CAMP DENNISON, OHIO.

Brig. General J. AMMEN.

Dennison Guards, Major T. H. Higgins.

Detachment of recruits, Major T. H. Higgins.

CAMP CHASE, OHIO.

Colonel A. V. KAUTZ.

Governor's Guards (Ohio), Major Peter Zinn.

95th Ohio Infantry, Colonel W. L. McMillen.

2nd Ohio Cavalry, Lieut. Colonel R. W. Ratliff.

27th Ohio Infantry (detachment).

110th Ohio Infantry (detachment).

22nd Ohio Battery (detachment).

23rd Ohio Battery (detachment).

Ohio Sharpshooters (detachment).

ORDERS.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

January 1, 1863-7 p.m.

Division commanders will double their pickets, front and rear, taking excessive precaution. Pickets must relieve each other once an hour, and non-commissioned officers must visit them in the intervals between the reliefs. They must listen to every noise and movement, and report to the officer of the guard, and he to the officer of the grand guard, who will report to the officer of the day, to report to headquarters immediately if anything extraordinary occurs. Lines to push front nearly as possible 1 mile. Outpost move in thickets, to shelter them well. The lines of battle on which they form must be 200 yards apart, at least. Troops on the second line form close column, half distance on center, the first line remaining in order of battle. Fires will only be permitted inside the interior lines. Troops on the second line may have fires in rear, and relieve the first line. Each division commander will see that his brigade commanders report positions of their headquarters to him, and have an orderly at all times at division headquarters. Division commanders will report their position, and have two orderlies at the headquarters of their corps. Corps commanders will take great pains to see that communication is constantly kept up with these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Bowling Green, Ky., January 1, 1863.

Colonel S. D. BRUCE,

Commanding at Clarksville, Tenn.:

SIR: I have received a telegraphic dispatch from General Rosecrans directing me to inform you that he desired you, upon your occupation of Clarksville, to put yourself in order and gather provisions and forage, not only for yourself, but for the army at Nashville. You will inform

