
me by telegraph or messenger of all the movements of the enemy of which you may receive information. I want you to look specially after your little garrison at Russellville. What is the amount of Government stores and the number of men at that place, and what are their instructions? If there should be any probability of an attack from a large force, which they will be unable to resist, they must be ordered to your command or this post for safety. You had better not leave much Government property of any kind at Russellville. General Reynolds, with about 5,000 men, have moved after Morgan by the way of Scottsville and Glasgow. Colonel Harlan, with five regiments, passed up the road on Saturday to Munfordville. The last I heard of him he was near Elizabethtown, and had formed line of battle. Morgan also formed a line. Harlan threw a few shells into the rebel ranks, and Morgan retreated, and is said to have crossed Rolling Fork. Rebels destroyed bridges at Bacon Creek, Nolin, and Elizabethtown, but were prevented from destroying the trestle-work at Muldraugh's Hill by Harlan. It is said that a large rebel force crossed the Cumberland River, 4 miles above Gallatin, on the 29th and 30th instant, and they were expecting at attack all day yesterday at Gallatin. If I get any further news in relation to that force I will send you word by special messenger. Our forces at 1 a.m.30th were within three-quarters of a mile of Murfreesborough, and there was a fight there yesterday, if the rebels didn't run. Keep a sharp lookout for Morgan; he probably will attempt to make his escape by the way of Litchfield, Granville, Madisonville, and Hopkinsville. Throw out your scouts, and cause your men to stand to arms at 6 a.m. each day, until you ascertain that the guerrilla chief has left the State. Drill, drill, drill your men. Have your ammunition and arms inspected.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, January 1, 1862-11.25 a.m.

Major-General WRIGHT,

Cincinnati:

Courier left Munfordville yesterday afternoon, and Elizabethtown at 10 o'clock, and West Point before day. All rebel lie and ruse to give Morgan chance to escape. Citizens are yet fleeing from Forrest, and avow that he is coming. Courier reports General Rosecrans at Murfreesborough. Rebels fell back to Tullahoma. Train of 150 wagons, in rear of General Rosecrans, burned by rebel Colonel Morgan, of Tennessee [Alabama]. More important to hurry up stores by river. Will give order on quartermaster at Evansville to load boats for Green River and Cumberland. He says he can do it. Send bread and meat. Lieutenant Fitch says I can have the convoy of gunboats. Colonel Foster has guards at the locks on Green River, which I ordered. Will send guards from here on boats and in cargo. Not arrived. Did you intend that I should take the same guns and place one on each boat?

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

LOUISVILLE, January 1, 1863-12.30.

Major-General WRIGHT,

Cincinnati:

After full interview with those citizens who left Elizabethtown this morning, I am persuaded there is a rebel force advancing from that place, though do not know that it is Forrest. If this is so, Morgan will

