
be near the city by daylight. I have asked General Granger for all the force he can send. I have sent courier to General Reynolds; I sent courier Monday, asking that he would move toward Bardstown. I can hear nothing of him. I have asked Governor Morton to hold the Militia Legion in readiness, subject to my orders. I have small force to do much, but will do to the last. If you have any force at Cincinnati or Covington, they should be sent by rail to-night.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, January 2, 1863.

Brigadier-General DAVIS:

GENERAL: By command of Major-General Rosecrans, the general commanding directs that you immediately assume the best position you can for defense; that you then, with fence rails or whatever else you can forward pickets a mile in advance of your front, if possible, and then make your command as comfortable as possible.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,LYNE STARLING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, January 1, 1863-6.50 a.m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Batteries must be prohibited from firing, unless they see heavy masses of the enemy. The general commanding desires that brigade commanders should have their batteries concealed, remaining so until they can be brought to bear upon heavy masses of troops, and also that they should prevent their infantry from firing until the enemy are near enough to do execution. He also desires that you will caution all your commanders that their ammunition should not be wasted.

By command of Major-General W. S. Rosecrans:

FRANK S. BOND,

Acting Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS, January 2, 1863-8.40 a.m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Send to chiefs of artillery to keep advised as to position of artillery train, and to send a man to keep with it, so as to be advised at all times as to its movements.

By command of Major-General W. S. Rosecrans:

FRANK S. BOND,Acting Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS, January 2, 1863-5.20 p.m.

[Major-General THOMAS:]

Negley's Third Brigade is moving toward the ford, to join the First and Second. If you think you have good use for it, send and intercept it.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

J. R. REYNOLDS,

Lieutenant and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

