
river. Will you see that Lieutenant Fitch's gunboats convoy the fleet of boats now on way from Evansville to Smithland? Would like to see you about establishing permanent intrenched camp, well fortified, with good infantry and large cavalry force at Glasgow.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, January 3, 1863-p.m.

Brigadier-General BOYLE,

Louisville, Ky.:

Send force, with all practicable dispatch, to Bowling Green to relieve garrison there, and send latter to General Rosecrans. Take what troops you think best for this. I am not satisfied that we ought to detach further for Rosecrans unless his necessities are pressing. The force left you will not much exceed what we had before, which was hardly large enough. Tell me the present disposition of the troops in your entire district, and the strength of each command, in round numbers. I want this at once.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, January 3, 1863-10.30 a.m.

(Received January 4,10.40 a.m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

I have just received dispatch from General Rosecrans asking me to send back any of his forces in Kentucky, and to move any of my own down the road that I can spare. I shall do it, but as my force is largely infantry I can do little against cavalry raids except to hold important points against cavalry expeditions. I ask for authority to mount, say, 3,000 infantry, and to procure, but purchase, the necessary horse equipments for them, at not exceeding $30 the set. With such a mounted force, in addition to what I have, I believe I could protect Kentucky and spare more than that number of infantry to General Rosecrans.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., January 3,[1863]-9.20 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I am advised that it is contemplated when the Legislature meets in this State to pass a joint resolution acknowledging the Southern Confederacy, and urging the States of the Northwest to dissolve all constitutional relations with the New England States. The same thing is on foot in Illinois.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

IN FRONT OF MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., January 4, 1863. (Received January 5.)

Major-General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I require, to replace batteries lost in battle in the cedar thickets eighteen 12-pounder light field guns, twelve 3-inch rifled guns or Parrott,

