
forces were apprised of the brigade's approach. Had pickets out on the Scottsville pike 8 miles. They left about break of day, some 700 or 800 strong. The cavalry captured 20 of Morgan's men and horses. Generals Wood and Crittenden had arrived at Gallatin at noon to-day; expected General Van Cleve this evening. Colonel Kennett passed this place at 3 o'clock p.m. for Gallatin; will not arrive there to-night.

LEWIS ZAHM,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. GEN.'S OFFICE,No. 334. Washington, November 8, 1862.

V. Brigadier General J. A. Garfield, U. S. Volunteers, will report for duty to Major-General David Hunter, U. S. Volunteer, mow in Washington City, D. C.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

No. 10. Bowling Green November 8, 1862.

XIV. Colonel S. D. Bruce, with four companies North Michigan, four companies Twenty-eighth Kentucky, ten companies Seventeenth Kentucky Infantry, the Fourth Kentucky Cavalry, and the Eighth Kentucky Cavalry,will proceed to clear of rebels the country lying between Green River and the Cumberland, and the Louisville and Nashville Railroad from Muhlanburg, Hopkinsville, and Lyons-put a stop to contraband trade in that region. He will establish his headquarters at Russellville, Hopkinsville, or such other point as may best enable him to effect this object. He will also make the best practicable arrangements, and give necessary information to draw from the country all the supplies it can spare for this army. He will communicate fully and frequently with the commanding officer at Bowling Green and Nashville, and report to Major-General Wright for such orders, instructions, and assistance as he may require to fulfill his mission.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

BOWLING GREEN, KY., November 9, 1862 - 7 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Will you please endeavor to have Major-General Thomas permitted to select his own staff from military or civil life, as he may find best? He commands the center of this army, five divisions strong. It will be a benefit to the service, increasing the efficiency of the staff, without subtracting from that of the line.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

