
well covered by a heavy body of cavalry. As yet I have not heard of any public property, but will make the necessary inquiries. Colonel Zahm has just sent me word that he is engaging the enemy's rear guard on the Shelbyville pike, about 5 miles from town. They have three pieces of artillery. I have ordered a brigade of infantry and a battery of artillery to go to Colonel Zahm's support. The troops of Negley's and Rousseau's divisions are out of rations, and should be supplied at once. There are also a large number of our wounded here, who are suffering greatly for medicines, dressing, and the necessary comforts for sick and wounded. Please have them ordered forward to-night. The rebel sick and wounded are also suffering for the necessary hospital appliances. I have directed their senior surgeon to hand in a list of his hospital attendants, to be paroled and returned to the hospital to take care of the sick. I will send forward to you immediately any additional news I may receive. I have placed the Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania in charge of the town.

Very respectfully,

[GEO. H. THOMAS,]

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS, Louisville, January 5, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I can send you from ten to fifteen regiments and two batteries. How shall I send? By the river is quickest and cheapest, I believe. Sent fleet of transports with Government stores up Cumberland, to be convoyed by gunboats. Three boats with stores have arrived at Bowling Green. I can feed your army for a year, if necessary. What glorious fighting you have done!

J. T. BOYLE,Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Louisville, January 5, 1863.

Major SIDELL, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Lieutenant-Colonel Scott, Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, is waiting instructions, which were to be sent by General Rosecrans. Governor Robinson will do whatever the general wishes.

J. T. BOYLE.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully forwarded, not knowing what instructions were to be sent to Lieutenant-Colonel Scott.

W. H. SIDELL,

Major Fifteenth Infantry, Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, January 5, 1863.

Brigadier General E. A. PAINE, Gallatin:

The general commanding directs that you cause abatis to be constructed along your lines at Gallatin, and so protect them as to be able to hold the place against any force that may be brought against it.

