
Have the ground for some distance in front of your abatis cleared, so as to give sufficient range for your fire. If attacked, let the enemy come close before firing.

Instruct the commanding officers along the railroad, at the various stations, to follow the instructions given you above, and to be constantly upon the alert to guard against surprise.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Cincinnati, Ohio, January 5, 1863-2.20 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I have not heard directly from General Rosecrans in regard to supplies, but one of his commissaries, who arrived this morning, reports that he has subsistence to the 15th. About fifteen boats have been sent from here, Louisville, and Evansville, with subsistence and forage up the Cumberland, armed, and under gunboat convoy. Several boats have been also sent with supplies up Green River to Bowling Green, whence there is railroad transportation. Other boats are being procured, and are loading. Three feet of water over the shoals in the Cumberland reported from Nashville last night, and the river rising.

H. G. WRIGHT,Major-General.

WAS DEPARTMENT, Washington, January 5, 1863.

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati, Ohio:

General Rosecrans wants artillery. Is there not one or more batteries to spare in your department? He says there is one in Cleveland ready. Help him all you can.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS, Cincinnati, Ohio, January 5, 1863-6.10 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Have ordered to General Rosecrans the Ohio battery referred to, and which left here on the 4th for Louisville, and an Illinois battery, which ought to have reached Louisville by this time; also the First Tennessee Cavalry, which is just getting the last of its equipments.

H. G. WRIGHT,Major-General, Commanding.

PHILADELPHIA, January 5, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

You need have no undue apprehension about the Richmond army re-enforcing Bragg's Tennessee army. I have full lists of the machinery and rolling stock on the Virginia and East Tennessee road at the outbreak of the war, and they could not, even if the bridges were not destroyed as reported, send 20,000 men in three weeks from Richmond to Murfreesborough. At Lynchburg the gauge is changed, and no rolling stock or machinery can pass from one road to the other. All pas-

