
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 3. Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 6, 1863.

I. Permission is given for the bodies of Generals Rains and Hanson to be conveyed to the city of Nashville, there to be privately interred, under the direction of their friends, but without any military or other demonstration. The friends of these deceased officers accompanying their remains will, immediately on their arrival in Nashville, report in person to Brigadier General Robert B. Mitchell, commanding the post.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

HENRY STONE,

Lieutenant and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

MURFREESBOROUGH, Via Nashville, January 7, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The grand divisions of this army are as justly entitled to be corps as those of the Potomac. It would enable their commanders to regard meritorious service of their staff officers, and command higher talent than they now can. I consider the measure of giving them corps privileges eminently in the interest of the public service, and earnestly recommend that the right wing, under Major-General McCook, center, under Major-General Thomas, and left, under Major-General Crittenden, be declared army corps.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

WAS DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., January 7, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Headquarters, via Nashville:

Morton shall be appointed. The order for army corps will be issued to-day. There is nothing you can ask within my power to grant to yourself or your heroic command that will not be cheerfully given.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

MURFREESBOROUGH, January 7, 1863, Via Nashville, Tenn., 8th.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

Thanks for your dispatch as to the appointment of Morton, just received. So soon as reports are made out, shall ask for promotion of some deserving officers. We are very short of general officers. I would request that a paymaster be sent to each brigade, to remain with it in the field, to attend to preparing of rolls and payment of my troops. If you cannot send one to each brigade, send one to each division, as it will save me much inconvenience, and prevent a great deal of suffering to my men and their families. I would call your attention to the report

