
EXECUTIVE MANSION, Washington, January 8, 1863.

Governor JOHNSON, Nashville, Tenn.:

A dispatch of yesterday from Nashville says:

The body of Captain Todd, of Sixth Kentucky, brought in to-day.

Please tell me what was his Christian name, and whether he was in our service or that of the enemy. I shall also be glad to have your impression as to the effect the late operations about Murfreesborough will have on the prospects of Tennessee.

A. LINCOLN.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., January 8, 1863-1.30 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

There occur every now and then very distressing cases in this army, short leaves being required to save property or attend to important family affairs. Under the existing orders, no such leaves have been granted by me. Can I be allowed to exercise discretion in the matter, and have authority to grant short leaves in pressing cases?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., LEFT WING,
 DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 9. Near Murfreesborough, January 8, 1863.

The general commanding takes occasion to express his disapprobation of the conduct of officers who permit their men to kill stock, burn rails, and seize forage, either on or at the end of a march, or while the troops are in camp. Such conduct is disgraceful and demoralizing, and must cease; and officers who permit it will be severely punished. At the end of a march, and each day while in camp, wood parties will be sent out under the command of an officer, unless wood can be found on the ground occupied by the troops. The general commanding the division expects to be with his command in camp and on the march, and to give his attention to their comfort; and will be ready always to take the responsibility of all seizures of property necessary, and will allow none to be taken under other circumstances.

By order of Brigadier-General Palmer:

D. W. NORTON,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, January 8, 1863-2 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Ewing's brigade, 2,600 strong, is about leaving Louisville by river from Nashville. Have you any information from Vicksburg, which makes it important to send this force there rather than to General Rosecrans? Ewing is instructed to stop at Smithland for orders. Please answer at once.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

