
BOWLING GREEN, KY., November 9, 1862-9.30 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

McCook's corps at Nashville; Crittenden's near Gallatin. We hope to have railroad open by this day week. Thomas has three divisions on the railroad, between here and Nashville, one occupying Glasgow and Scottsville. Our great wants are arms and a chief for the cavalry.

Nothing yet from Stanley. Will General Schuyler Hamilton come?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

BOWLING GREEN, November 9, 1862-12 p.m.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

If I have not worn out my welcome, I beseech you for the public service to me revolving arms or breech-loading carbines for my cavalry like those in Mississippi. They are half armed and two-thirds demoralized. We are wasting money on them at the rate of $10,000 per day for want of arms and a chief. General Halleck has ordered Stanley for a chief. He has not reported. No promise of arms. What can you do for us?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,November 9, 1862.

Major Gen. A. McD. McCOOK,

Commanding at Nashville:

GENERAL: I am encamped, with two divisions, Van Cleve's and Wood's, on the Cumberland River, 3 miles from Gallatin. Kennett, with his cavalry, has just reported to me. I have ordered him to occupy Hartsville with 2,000 men, to scout the country thoroughly, and use every effort to prevent any obstruction of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad, then to detach the remainder of his command, over 600 men, to report to me. This detachment I have ordered to occupy this evening the road from Nashville to Lebanon, to prevent all intercourse with Lebanon, to open communication with Nashville, and send a company with this note to you. I shall to-morrow occupy with my command Silver Springs, on the upper road, or Rural Hill., on the lower, or some intermediate point between the two, and also send a brigade to Lebanon, should there be no considerable force there.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,Near Gallatin, November 9, 1862-5 p.m.

Lieut. Colonel ARTHUR C. DUCAT, [Acting] Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: Colonel Kennett reported to me in person this morning. I at once ordered him to send a battalion to General Smith, at

Scotts-

