
permission will be treated as deserters, and medical officers violating these orders will be severely punished. Needful supplies will be issued on requisitions sanctioned or submitted by Surgeon Avent, and approved by authority of the medical director of this army.

Surgeon Avent will furnish, with the least possible delay, lists of the Confederate sick and wounded within our lines, and morning reports of the nurses and sick, certified to on honor, as the basis on which he makes his requisitions. He will promptly report for negligence or disobedience of orders all delinquent medical officers and others under his control.

These regulations being for the good of those whom it concerns, the general commanding trusts they will be fully and cheerfully complied with.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

HENRY STONE,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, Washington, January 10, 1863.

Governor JOHNSON, Nashville, Tenn.:

Yours received.* I presume the remains of Captain Todd are in the hands of his family and friends, and I wish to give no order on the subject; but I do wish your opinion of the effects of the late battles about Murfreesborough upon the prospects of Tennessee.

A. LINCOLN.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., January 10, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I do not wish to send a single cavalryman back, but the call that way has been very considerable, and I have sent them in preference, as they know the country. Send down to Kentucky all you can spare, so that I can get mine.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Murfreesborough, January 10, 1863-11.30 a. m.

Major-General McCOOK,Commanding Right Wing:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to inform you that a lady reports this morning that the enemy are returning to Shelbyville, and are talking of making an advance. He directs you to look well to your position, and to send out a brigade at once to reconnoiter.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

