
NASHVILLE, TENN., January 11, 1863.

(Received 11.10 p. m.)

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN:

The battle of Murfreesborough has inspired much confidence with Union men of the ultimate success of the Government, and has greatly discouraged rebels, but increased their bitterness. If the rebel army could be expelled from the State, and Union sentiment developed without fear or restraint, I still think Tennessee will be brought back into the Union by decided majority of popular vote. Eastern portion of the State must be redeemed before confidence can be inspired with the mass of the people that the Government has the power to assert and maintain its authority in Tennessee. Your proclamation of the 1st, excepting Tennessee, has disappointed and disarmed many who were complaining and denouncing it as unjust and unwise. I think the exception in favor of Tennessee will be worth much to us, especially when we can get to discuss it before the people. I ordered Congressional elections in ninth and tenth districts. Have received no returns yet. I shall order elections in this district in a few days. Governor Campbell should have been placed in command of this post. Things are not working well at this post, considering the operation of what is called a detective police; under charge of persons wholly incompetent, if not corrupt, in the grossest sense of the term, it is causing much ill feeling, and doing us great harm.

I am, with great respect, yours,

ANDREW JOHNSON.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., January 11, 1863-9.20 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

Colonel McKibbin returns to accompany General Hamilton. If it would be agreeable, I would like to have him join me in the field. I would like to have one, two, or three good division commanders, if you can spare me some first-rate fighting men. Please ask the President if he will give me six or eight brigadiers out of men distinguished in the battle of Stone's River.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., January 11, 1863-11.15 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Telegraphed General Halleck my opinion that rebel wants and the pressure of public opinion will induce them to draw every available man from other points to defend Middle Tennessee. Am well satisfied they fought us with equal, if not superior, numbers, and that troops are now coming from Savannah and other points to them. Our lines of communications and our depots absorb much force, and that increases as we advance. They are in great straits to hold Tennesseeans and Kentuckians by holding Tennessee. The country is full of natural passes and fortifications, and demands superior force to advance with any success. What can you send?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

