
MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., January 11, 1863-11. 50 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

It is my opinion, founded on the state of public "secesh" feeling, the interests and necessities of the rebels, that they will strip every place they can to re-enforce Bragg, and assume the offensive here at an early day. I think, therefore, the more speedily you send forces this way the better for the public service. We ought to hold then Tennessee River with a force adequate to cover the country south of Duck River, and cover that flank from cavalry, of which they have four to our one.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., January 11, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK:

Hourly hurrying up ammunition and supplies. Hope the railroad will be opened by Tuesday night. The rebels are reported to propose to defend the line of Duck River, but the signs are that they will go to Chattanooga, unless assistance comes from Virginia. Their main body went by Shelbyville, according to the general statements after the battle, on which we can better rely. They fought us with equal, if not superior, numbers, I am using pressure to get in official reports of the killed, wounded, and missing, which I will forward as soon as possible.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., January 11, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The crimes of spying, murder, arson, rape, and others, as well as desertion, are increasing, and the power to check them by inflicting the penalty of death is a nullity, for [with] the delays necessary to get them a regular trial by general court-martial, and then holding them until the matter is reviewed and approved by the President, such a time elapses that the troops are relieved and the culprit escapes. This ought to be remedied.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., January 11, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

The date of your commission shall be attended to, and arranged to suit you as nearly as possible.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

