HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Murfreesborough, January 11, 1863.

Major-General CRITTENDEN,Commanding Left Wing:

GENERAL: The general commanding instructs me to say that "nigger news" is to the effect that Cheatham has crossed Duck River, and is now encamped 9 miles this side.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

GALLATIN, TENN., January 11, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

My scouts have returned from up country, and report Morgan's men there, gathering horses, hogs, sheep, &amp;c. I also learn from reliable source that they are still running Allinson's mill, gathering up and grinding all the wheat in the country. I think the mill should be disabled or destroyed. Shall I send a brigade and have it done?

SPEED S. FRY,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, January 11, 1863.

General ROSECRANS:

General Granger is in the office. He says the Fourth Kentucky are about 200 strong; are at Bowling Green. They are not well spoken of. Wolford had given up the pursuit of Morgan; his (Wolford's) where abouts are not known. General Granger will come first opportunity.

D. S. STANLEY.

GALLATIN, January 11, 1863-8.15 p. m.

General ROSECRANS:

We found that McCown had gone south the same day the road was torn up; he left in a great hurry. To-day I have a large scout between the Murfreesborough and Nolensville pikes. A party of the enemy (300) are reported south of Franklin 3 miles; the men of the party say they are the advance of Forrest's command. Guerrillas are collecting at Charlotte to fire on the boats. I have a scheme to fix them.

D. S. STANLEY,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 12, 1863.

Honorable HORACE MAYNARD,

House of Representatives:

SIR: Your letter of the 10th instant is just received. You are most certainly mistaken in supposing that your suggestions and communications in regard to East Tennessee have not received due attention by the Government. Everything on this subject which has been received since I came here has been duly discussed and considered. It is not proper for me to say what plans have been formed in regard to East

