
ville; to occupy Hartsville with 2,000 men, to scout the country thoroughly; use every effort to prevent any obstruction of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad, and send the remainder of his command to me for instructions. He has supplies for six days. I promptly sent the detachment, under Colonel R. H. G. Minty, with instructions to cross the river, occupy the road from Nashville to Lebanon, open communication with Nashville, and send a company with a note to General McCook, make no advance toward Lebanon, but remain in position upon the road until further orders, to obtain information. To General McCook I communicated the substance of these instructions, and that I should to-morrow occupy with my command Silver Springs, Rural Hill, or some intermediate point, and also sent a brigade to Lebanon. I yesterday sent a note to McCook by a negro hackman that I was at Gallatin, and have this moment received an answer to it. I shall try and communicate with him fully to-morrow, possibly personally. I have sent 100 wagons to Mitchellsville for supplies; having marched all day yesterday, having to go to camp and unload, they did not get off until this morning. I have here a good ford for my wagons, but very steep banks, and am constructing a footway for the soldiers to pass over. I shall cross my command to-morrow and occupy the points you have indicated. I shall cross at all events, but the position I shall occupy will depend upon the time my supply train returns.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, November 9, 1862-10 p.m

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Morgan's force has been ordered here. The five Tennessee regiments will go to General Rosecrans; the other to Camp Dennison, to reorganize as cavalry. What shall be done with the remaining six regiments of the command? Shall they be sent to Memphis? Staff officers will start by the first train, to hasten forward new regiments.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, November 9, 1862.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Bowling Green, Ky.:

Five regiments of Tennessee troops have been ordered back from Western Virginia, and as it is desirable they should come near home, they will be sent to you. When shall they report to you, and by what route? Tennesseeans who crossed within 20 miles of Cumberland Gap know nothing of rebel forces in Kentucky. They Bragg went to Chattanooga.

Yours,

H. G. WRIGHT.

