
Tennessee, and why those heretofore formed were not carried out. You are also greatly in error in saying that General Carter's expedition was not approved and was "wholly unknown at headquarters here." His expedition was both known and approved at headquarters here before it was undertaken.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, January 12, 1863.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS:

I have no troops to send you except from General Wright's command. He has been repeatedly ordered to send you all he can spare. Communicate with him on the subject.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, January 12, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK:

Will you please to send me General Cluseret?

W. S. ROSECRANS.

NASHVILLE, January 12, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I have ordered four regiments and a battery to move at 4 a. m. to-morrow, on the Charlotte pike, with a battery, under command of Brigadier-General Stanley, in addition to his cavalry force. On the arrival of Harlan's brigade, I will send them out in rear of the enemy. My pickets on the Granny White pike just brought in 3 rebel prisoners, who confirm previous reports as to numbers; say their mission is to procure mules, horses, and to cut off our river transportation.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., January 12, 1863.

Brigadier-General MITCHELL:

The general commanding thinks, from present information, that it would be best to send your force on Hillsborough or Granny White pike. Hillsborough pike probably best. Wagner, with two brigades, will be in Triune to-morrow at 9 a. m., with orders to follow them, if they move toward Nolensville, and attack them, or to follow up if they move any other way.

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, January 12, 1863.

General MITCHELL, Nashville:

Is General Stanley in the city? If so, ask him how many men he has with him. You might make an expedition to Franklin with Tennessee

