
and Hillsborough pikes. Burke's and the First Ohio Cavalry have been out all day. My cavalry is all ready saddled. I will put strong pickets on the Hillsborough, Hardin, and Franklin pikes.

D. S. STANLEY.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Murfreesborough, January 12, 1863.

Colonel G. D. WAGNER, Commanding Expedition:

COLONEL: The object of your expedition is to defeat the projects of the enemy's cavalry upon our trains upon the Nahsville and Murfreesborough road. A portion of Wheeler's cavalry is reported as having staid at Triune last night, having three pieces of artillery. General Mitchell reports that at sundown this evening there was a cavalry force supposed to be from 3,000 to 4,000 some infantry possibly accompanying it, 7 miles north of Franklin, between Franklin and Hillsborough pikes, supposed to be aiming to attack, first, our river transportation. It may be that Wheeler's force has gone to join this. General Mitchell is preparing to march on them with eight or ten regiments of infantry and General Stanley's cavalry brigade. Should you have reason to believe, on your arrival at Triune, that their whole force is concentrated there, then you will move toward Franklin, by the best road, to fall upon their flank and rear. If, on the contrary, you have reason to believe that they have a considerable force toward Nolensville, between the Nolensvile and Murfreesborough roads, you will move that way, seek the enemy, endeavor to engage the enemy, and cut him to pieces. In moving it is scarcely necessary to caution you to flank your column with a line of skirmishers parallel with the road, with a good advance guard. Dispose of the cavalry, ordered to report to you, so as to be on the lookout against surprise and keep open communication, keeping the main body in hand to pursue small parties of the enemy. You will take a few empty wagons with you. Your men will carry their axes. Take with you three days' rations, 60 rounds of ammunition, and a few spades. Report as frequently as possible your movements, and any information you deem important to these headquarters. The rest must be left to your discretion. It may be well to remind you that the force you have to deal with makes it necessary for you to attack with great vigor. Take their batteries, if possible, and never leave yours without support. Order the supports to take position to the left and right of our artillery and never behind it.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

P. S.-When debouching before an enemy, deploy a heavy line of skirmishers, at 5 paces intervals, and send them forward at double-quick, deploying into line under cover of their advance. Manage to conceal your force from the enemy, and, if possible, entrap him.

MURFREESBOROUGH, January 12, 1863.

Colonel W. W. LOWE, Fort Henry:

Forrest will come out and try and interrupt our river transportation. Are you ready, and what force have you? Have you gunboats? Answer.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

