
MURFREESBOROUGH, January 13, 1863.

Brigadier-General MITCHELL, Nashville:

Two brigades under Wagner gone to Nolensville. Send them word if you want them to move westward.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Murfreesborough, January 13, 1863.

Major-General THOMAS, Commanding Center:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you send out two brigades on a reconnaissance, and to halt at Salem, and send a regiment from it to reconnoiter down toward Middleton; the other to proceed to Versailles, and send a regiment to reconnoiter its front by the shortest road as far as the Shelbyville pike. They had better remain over to-morrow night in their position, keeping a good lookout, in hopes that the cavalry may come down in their retreat, returning to-morrow afternoon. It will be necessary to send some of Rousseau's cavalry with them, to keep open communication. Have them report frequently. These brigades will effect the triple purpose of reconnoitering and observing in southerly direction,, covering the flank of Wagner's movement, and catching any cavalry that may chance to pass toward them. Order the brigade commanders to note well the roads and the forage, and bring all the intelligence they can of the position of the enemy's cavalry. The men should take three days' rations on their person, and should [march] by 6 in the morning. They should carry with them their axes and hatchets and a few spades. It may prove advantageous for the brigades to unite and move to Eagleville. The brigade commanders will be advised of that, and directed to judge of its advantage and to act accordingly, endeavoring to threaten an advance on Shelbyville and intercept the retreat on that road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

MURFREESBOROUGH, January 13, 1863.

Colonel WAGNER:

Send two of your regiments from Nolensville across, scouring the thickets, to the Wilkinson pike. March with the other six to Eagleville, thence to Versailles. Join Beatty's command there, and move with it to cut up the rebels.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

G. P. THRUSTON,

Captain and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

MURFREESBOROUGH, January 13, 1863.

General STANLEY:

The general commanding thinks you had better pursue by way of Charlotte pike, and return by way of Franklin. The rest must be left to your discretion.

G. P. THRUSTON,

Captain and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

