
MURFREESBOROUGH, January 13, 1863.

General STANLEY:

Three regiments of Colonel Harlan's command have been sent to you. With them the commanding general thinks it best to pursue the enemy, getting in their rear on the Hardin pike.

G. T. THRUSTON,

Captain and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

MURFREESBOROUGH, January 13, 1863.

Brigadier-General MITCHELL, Nashville:

Colonel Harlan has been directed to detach three regiments to report to General Stanley. General Stanley, with his force, will pursue the enemy.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

G. T. THRUSTON,

Captain and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., January 14, 1863.

(Received January 15-2.45 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I must have cavalry or mounted infantry. Had I horses and saddles I could mount infantry. The saddles I had ordered have been delivered, but so very slowly that now, after four months, I have only a few hundred, no more than have been required for the use of cavalry. With mounted infantry I can drive the rebel cavalry to the wall and keep the roads open in my rear. Not so now. I must also have some bulletproof, light-draught transports for the Cumberland. Will you authorize the purchase of saddles and horses for mounting, when requisite, 5,000 more infantry?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., January 14, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: On the 2nd January I referred to you, for instructions, a communication from Governor Morton, of Indiana, in reference to purchase of horses to mount infantry in General Rosecrans' army. It appears from information from General Halleck, General-in-Chief, that authority was given by you to General Rosecrans to mount some infantry regiments. Of this, at the time of reference, I was unadvised. I was also ignorant of the existence of a law authorizing the mounting of infantry in a public emergency. I therefore respectfully forward a copy of the indorsement then made upon Governor Morton's letter, with an addition by way of correction, and ask that a copy of the authority to General

