
MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., January 14, 1863-7.45 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The rebel cavalry, which outnumbers ours four to one, is doing great mischief to us. They go in such masses that only a strong force can handle them. Yesterday they approached some of our transports 25 miles below Nashville, and captured and burned two or three transports. The small guards of one we have heard from made no resistance. The pilot ran the boat ashore when ordered. This party had no cannon. The Government pays the expense and we lose the provisions. We must have some light-draught transports, with bullet-proof boilers and pilot-houses, immediately. Please authorize them at once. I want them as soon as possible, because I have not the force to cover the country by which they can approach the river. I must have horses and saddles to mount some infantry, and have asked authority to buy the horses and saddles for 5,000.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, January 14, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

I have no troops to send you, except from General Wright's command. He has been repeatedly directed to send you all he can spare. Communicate with him on the subject.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 14, 1863.

Brigadier-General MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

GENERAL: Major-General Rosecrans complains that his requisitions for horses to mount infantry regiments are not properly filled. Please ascertain if there is any unnecessary delay in this matter; and, if so, the evil should be immediately removed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT, QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., January 14, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

General Halleck informs me that you complain that your requisitions for horses for mounting infantry are not filled, and desires the evil removed. Upon whom have you made requisitions? I have no information on the subject from you or from the quartermasters of your command. Inform me, that I may act in the matter.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

