
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, November 10, 1862.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Bowling Green, Ky.:

General Schuyler Hamilton is en route, and General Reynolds will leave to-day to join you. General Stanley was ordered some time ago.

Staff officers are regulated by law, and in no case will any general be permitted to vary from the law. Officers may be detailed for duty on the staff, but that will give them no additional pay or rank. Report the approximate number of the army under your command.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF THE OHIO,November 10, 1862-8 a.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel DUCAT,

[Acting] Chief of Staff, Mitchellsville, Ky.:

I have communicated with General Crittenden. He cruise the Cumberland River this morning. He is supplying himself with rations. I will have the telegraph through to Mitchellsville to-night or in the morning, provided we do not have to furnish new wire. I will also have the cars running to Gallatin by the 15th instant; five bridges to build. We have here 22 engines in good running order; also 300 cars. I have made no movements to the front, Crittenden has moved so slowly. I have not heard from Kennett since your order was communicated to him to march from Springfield to Scottsville. I think the enemy are leaving Murfreesborough. Some of Bragg's army, however, had arrived there; Cheatham's men, mostly Tennesseeans.

Grape-vine news, from high secession sources, says that there is to be no battle in Tennessee; that the strength of the Confederacy will be concentrated in Virginia, and the contest settled there.

We are all well and happy here. Supplies are arriving rapidly.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.- Colonel Kennett has reported to General Crittenden. Two

thousand men sent to Hartsville. I now communicate with Crittenden, via Silver Springs and the Hermitage.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. GEN.'S OFFICE,No. 337. Washington, November 10, 1862.

V. Brigadier Gen. J. J. Reynolds, U. S. Volunteers, will immediately proceed to the Department of the Cumberland and report for duty to Major-General Rosecrans, U. S. Volunteers.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

3 R R - VOL XX, PT II

