
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, January 15, 1863.

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati, Ohio:

It is believed that the quiet of Kentucky can be best secured by the certain defeat of Bragg's army. Secure the line of railroad, concentrate on two or three points sufficient forces to put down any insurrection, and send all available troops to Rosecrans. This is considered of vital importance at this moment. Do not paralyze our forces by keeping them so scattered as to be of little use. Murfreesborough is the most important point now for both Kentucky and Tennessee.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT, QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., January 15, 1863-1.25 p. m.

General ROSECRANS, Murfreesborough:

It will take some time to get 8,000 horses, uncles you can seize them in the field of your operations. There are 1,000 at Indianapolis, in charge of Captain Elkin, which I order sent to Captain Jenkins for you. I also order Captain Elkin to forward another thousand as soon as he can purchase them. Advise me of any further assistance desired from this office. Two thousand from Indianapolis, with what Captain Jenkins and Colonel Allen can procure, will probably meet your wants. Why do you not send your infantry in wagons for forced marches to intercept cavalry?

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, January 16, 1863.

General MEIGS, Quartermaster-General:

GENERAL: Inclosed you will find a telegram from General Rosecrans respecting the necessity for some bullet-proof clad transports.* I beg your attention to the subject, and direct that measures be taken to provide such transports as rapidly as possible.

Yours, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, January 10, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Your dispatch received. Two divisions, with cavalry and artillery, will be sent to General Rosecrans at once. What remains will not more than keep the country quiet and secure the railroad, but will not be enough to fully protect the State from raids. The present heavy fall of snow will, however, diminish the danger of such inroads. Will write more fully.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.

---------------

*See dispatch of January 14, p. 328.

---------------

