
MURFREESBOROUGH, January 16, 1863.

(Received January 17.)

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

Your dispatch received; thanks. Have no wagons to spare, and these are cumbersome. In these narrow roads can't travel across the country. Would do well on Pennsylvania avenue.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, January 16, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Information, said to be from a reliable person, from Abingdon, Va., on the 8th, that fifty-five rebel regiments had passed there to join Bragg, and that more were to follow. If this be true, I will strip to the last man to sustain you, after providing for the road. Let me know about this.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, January 16, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

General Halleck instructs me to secure line of railroad and concentrate on two or three points, and keep down insurrection, to send remaining force to you. This invites much risk, in my judgment, both to you and Kentucky, as the line of the Ohio River and the State of Kentucky bordering thereon form your real base, and should be maintained with even an excess of force. Your wants, however, may be of primary importance, and I shall, therefore, send, say, one division, with cavalry and artillery, from Central Kentucky, leaving one division there, and at least a division from Western Kentucky. This is the most that can be spared, in my judgment, unless we virtually abandon Kentucky. The division from Granger's command is good for new troops. Will telegraph again to-morrow.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 16, 1863.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT, Cincinnati:

The cavalry which is in Kentucky belonging to this command is the Second Indiana, First, Second, Fourth, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, and Eleventh Kentucky, and the Ninth Pennsylvania. Of these, the First, Seventh, and Eleventh Kentucky went on the expedition after Morgan; the Fourth Kentucky was left at Bowling Green; the Second Kentucky and Ninth Pennsylvania with General Gilbert. Of the Eighth Kentucky, part were left at Bowling Green and part with Colonel Bruce. Send the Third and Fourth Ohio Cavalry with horses, and I will furnish equipments and arms.

W. S. ROSECRANS,Major-General.

