
tion obtained appears to establish in this case, in substance, the following facts:

In the fall of 1861, a company of cavalry called the Anderson Troop was raised in Pennsylvania, of select and intelligent young men, as a body guard to General Anderson, commanded by Captain William J. Palmer. Subsequently this troop reported for duty to Major General D. C. Buell, then commanding the Department of the Ohio, and, after being equipped, well drilled, and disciplined, was assigned to duty at his headquarters, where it rendered valuable and efficient service as guards, escorts, scouts, &amp;c., which service was appreciated and highly commended by the general commanding. The high character as soldiers gained by this company, and the want of more efficient cavalry, induced General Buell to ask authority to have raised three more companies of like class of men, all to be officered from the old troop on his selection and united with it as a battalion. This authority was granted. (See paper herewith submitted and marked A.) Accordingly a recruiting party from the old troop was detailed; their success was unprecedented, and the recruiting continued until two more battalions were enlisted, making a regiment of nearly 1,000 men. I find no official authority for recruiting the last two battalions, except the report of officers of the regiment, who say Captain Palmer had authority to raise them from the War Department. But a few officers were commissioned by Governor Curtin, all taken from the old troop, except Lieutenant G. S. Fobes, the regimental commissary and acting regimental quartermaster. A supernumerary lieutenant and the non-commissioned officers were appointed by election in the respective companies. With this incomplete organization, the regiment performed service in Pennsylvania and Maryland when the latter State was invaded by the enemy, last September. Subsequently the regiment assembled at Carlisle, Pa., where it was drilled, and partially equipped for service, arms being issued which Lieutenant Colonel William Spencer, then commanding, states were of good quality and condition. Horses were not issued until the arrival of the regiment at Louisville, Ky., about the 9th of November, 1862. While at this place, a period of some five or six weeks, horses were issued and the regiment well mounted, and, so far as practicable, drilled and prepared for active service in the field. The preparations were retarded, discipline lax, and camp or garrison duties more or less neglected from insufficiency of company officers.

The grievances complained of by the insubordinate portion of the Anderson Cavalry, are, in substance, that they enlisted to form but one battalion, to serve exclusively as body guard to General Buell; that they have not properly been mustered into service; that they have not been properly officered; that they were not well armed; that they have not been assigned to duty as promised, and, in flue, that deception has been practiced in their enlistment, organization, and service, but they are more fully stated in paper herewith submitted, and marked B. They also state that while at Carlisle, Pa., and at Louisville, Ky., they were dissatisfied, mentioned their complaints, petitioned for their discharge, and determined to refuse to do duty unless their just rights, as claimed, were awarded them, but that their decision was overruled by fair promises, and they were induced to proceed as far as Nashville, Tenn., where they determined to bring the matter of their wrongs to an issue.

The declarations of the officers of the regiment state that no deception was practiced in their enlistments; that they were told their duties would be the same as those of the old troop, viz, scouting, secret expeditions, escorts, guards, service of a daring and dashing character, and that they

