
On the 28th of December, 1862, General Rosecrans issued an order appointing 23 officers temporarily, until others could be regularly appointed, and on the 29th of the same month directed General Mitchell to send the Anderson Cavalry to the front, saying he would not submit to their whims, &amp;c. (See papers herewith submitted and marked E and F.)

December 29, 1862, General Mitchell ordered to Anderson Cavalry to the front. (See papers herewith submitted, marked G and H.) Some 200 refused to move. (See paper herewith submitted and marked I.) December 29, 1862, General Mitchell directs the officer commanding Fourth Division, Fourteenth Army Corps (General J. D. Morgan), to move early next morning with a sufficient force to the camp of the Anderson Cavalry, to compel them to march to the front, and report to General Rosecrans.

On the morning of the 30th December, 1862, Captain Tinstman left with 30 men of the regiment, and reached General Rosecrans' headquarters, where he reported. (See paper herewith submitted and marked K.) About 70, more or less, left subsequently, on the same morning under command of Captain Atkinson, assistant adjutant-general to Brigadier-General Smith (now at Memphis, Tenn.). Balance of regiment refused to obey the order and go to the front, but finally were prevailed upon to march, in obedience to orders, conditionally. This portion of the regiment overtook the command of Captain Atkinson near La Vergne, and the whole command, then under Lieutenant Colonel M. F. Wood, Tenth Illinois Volunteers, was forced by the enemy's cavalry to fall back. About 70 of the number, being those that were with Captain Atkinson, encamped some 6 miles from Nashville, to protect, with other troops, a wagon train. The balance of the command, refusing to go into camp here, returned to their old camp, promising to move again to the front whenever ordered. They were ordered to move the next morning, December 31, at 1 o'clock, with other troops, to escort supplies to the army in front, but, with the exception of a few, they positively refused to obey the order. (See papers herewith submitted and marked L and M, also N, being a list of the names of those men who marched under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Wood, conditionally, on the 30th December, 1862, and were subsequently imprisoned.)

On the night of 31st of December, 1862, and on January 1, 1863, the Anderson Cavalry that had gone to the front were ordered back to Nashville. (See paper herewith submitted and marked O.)

On the 4th of January, 1863, a portion of the men who had returned from the front refused to obey orders, and were confined in the yard of the country jail. Confined December 31, 1862, and January 1, 1863, 315 in city work-house; on January 4, 1863, 95 in the jail-yard, and 5 in the penitentiary; making a total of 415. For information respecting the places of confinement, the treatment of these prisoners while in confinement, and the liberties and privileges granted them, see papers marked P and Q. The statements made in these papers are corroborated by reports from other sources, and, in part, by my own observation. Far greater privileges and liberties were extended to these prisoners than is customary in the military service for offenses of a much less criminal character. For some time (days) they were allowed to go about town and board at hotels and private boarding-houses. Their friends were allowed to visit and take them such articles as they pleased. If sick, they were allowed to be removed to hospitals or private houses. Medical officers visited the prison. They were as well supplied with rations and fuel as the other troops at the post; had their clothing,

