
blankets, &amp;c., and were less restricted and better cared for than the other prisoners in confinement. Those in the jail-yard were a few days without their tents. In consequence of the inclement weather, scarcity of fuel and a portion of the ration, they no doubt felt uncomfortable and may have suffered; but in this respect the troops about the city on duty fared no better, and considered the Anderson Cavalry in confinement were so much better off that they preferred confinement to duty, exposure, and the disagreeables of camp life.

The work-house was smoky, and the police in both places of confinement was not what it should have been. Proper police would have kept them in order, and not made them uncomfortable or unsuitable as places of confinement. I called the attention of those concerned to the state of police, and an improvement was soon manifest in this respect.

January 19, 1863, General Rosecrans authorized General Mitchell to release from confinement all those men of the Anderson Cavalry who would go to duty, and allowing them to elect six in each company from whom he would nominate the most suitable for appointment as commissioned officers, directing also that, in case they accepted his proposition, to have the regiment re-equipped and fitted for the field, and sent to report to his headquarters, where he would assign them to duty.

On the 20th of January, 1863, General Mitchell, in pursuance of instructions from General Rosecrans, issued an order releasing all of the Anderson Cavalry, then in confinement, who would go to duty, and accept the terms offered by General Rosecrans. (See papers herewith submitted and marked R and S.) All those in the jail-yard were released, and about 40 of those in the work-house, leaving then in confinement 208. (See papers submitted and marked T.) Since that time 4 had been confined in the jail for refusing to do picket duty.

For a list of the names of those who were in the battle of Murfreesborough, see paper herewith submitted and marked U. Those names marked C are still in confinement, and those marked R are released.

For information of the commendations bestowed upon those of the Anderson Cavalry who were in the battle of Murfreesborough, and the reproof to those who failed their country in her hour of peril and need, see paper herewith submitted and marked V.

I saw a communication to General Morgan of the 24th January from the officer commanding Anderson Cavalry, then in camp and for duty, complaining that the men would not do duty, or did it with great reluctance, and very loosely and improperly. General Morgan reported to me the same thing.

CONCLUSION.

From all the facts I have been able to collect in my investigations relative to the Anderson Cavalry, I am impressed with the convictions that some of the men, probably, have been deceived with regard to their organization and the nature of the duty they would have to perform, but not to the extent claimed, nor does it appear that those on recruiting duty, who enlisted them, intentionally deceived them. That, with very few exceptions, they have been properly mustered into the United States service. That as a class they are very intelligent young men, but have been unfortunate in not having their organization completed by the appointment of a sufficient number of company officers, in consequence of which, and other causes, such as the interference and influence of friends at home, they have become demoralized, and wanting in discipline. That they have become tired of the service, are determined

