
restrict appointments to those made by the secretary of War, leaving to the military authorities the appointments of provost-marshals for their camps and posts only. This is, I presume, the order to which you refer in your letter. The order is not very clear, but such is my interpretation of it. I am not sure, however, that any appointments have been made by the War Department under this order, and until this is done it seems to me desirable that the present incumbents retain their offices, or at least till such times as the necessity now existing for their services shall cease.

A force was some time since ordered into Northeast Kentucky to operate against the rebel bands in that section, but it was slow in getting there, on account of rumors of guerrillas in the Guyandotte Valley which had to be investigated. It will soon be at Louisa, if not already there, and will operate from that point. It is of ample strength to protect that part of the country, but is deficient in cavalry, which could not hitherto be supplied.

I shall endeavor to visit you in a few days, at Frankfort, in regard to matters within your State.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 11, 1862-12 noon.

General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

At nashville, 8 p.m., everything quiet. Enemy is retiring, and destroying everything like bridges. Wagons enough to bring subsistence from Mitchellsville till the road shall be opened, which may be ten days. Things now look like a withdrawal beyond the Tennessee, and probable sending off everything available toward Richmond. Will press them up solidly.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 11, 1862-* p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Thanks. Reports not in, but say, in round numbers: Thomas, 26,000;

McCook, 22,000; Crittenden, 22,000;

cavalry, 4,000; in all,74,000.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Nashville, November 11, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Later information than my last, apparently authentic, gives Breckinridge, with three batteries, at Murfreesborough, eight guns at La Vergne, four divisions at Tullahoma-Buckner's, Cheatham's, Anderson's, and Withers'; Polk commanding. Bragg and Kirby Smith

