
rior men, many of them well qualified for officers, and by appointing them as officers in the proposed companies the force would be speedily rendered efficient. It is quite certain from the reputation of Captain Palmer and the troop that the companies could be speedily raised. I would ask for the proposed force the battalion organization.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

To which the Secretary replied as follows:

WASHINGTON, July 21, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

You are authorized to arrange for the raising of three companies of cavalry, as requested in your telegram of the 18th instant, just received.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

In accordance with the foregoing, the following order has this day been published, viz:
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Numbers 111. Camp near Huntsville, July 23, 1862.

Captain William J. Palmer, Sergeants Ward, Vezin, and Lashell, Corporals McDowell and Nicholls, and Privates Blackstone, Hewitt, Hurst, De Witt, Longnecker, N. M. Smith and Curtin, Anderson Troop, are hereby detailed to recruit three companies of cavalry, in accordance with special authority from the War Department, received by telegraph, and dated July 21, 1862. The companies, when recruited, to be united with the independent company now known as the Anderson Troop, to receive the battalion organization, and to be known as the Anderson Cavalry. Captain Palmer, with his recruiting party, will proceed at once to Pennsylvania and report to the Governor, under whose auspices it is desired to raise the companies. The quartermaster's department will furnish the transportation. The quartermaster, commissary, ordnance, and medical departments are hereby directed to make all necessary and properly authorized issues for three companies, on presentation of proper requisitions.

By command of Major-General Buell:

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

From the foregoing, you will understand the state of the case. General Buell requests that you will take the matter in hand and give such additional directions and make such arrangements as will accomplish the object proposed. The force is necessary here, and it is highly important that no time be lost in getting it into the field. The general asks that the appointment of officers may be made on his nomination to you. The present company (from which the officers are to be taken) having been under his command since its acceptance into service, he is able to name those best fitted for promotion. The unusual degree of proficiency, usefulness, and personal excellency found in the troop leads the general to expect much for the battalion, and he will regard any steps you may take to facilitate its organization as a special favor.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure B.]

NASHVILLE, TENN., January 26, 1863.

Major DAVIS:

SIR: In accordance with your request, and on behalf of the members of the Anderson Troop, otherwise General Buell's Body Guard, otherwise the Anderson Cavalry, otherwise the Fifteenth Cavalry, otherwise the One hundred and sixtieth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, we would respectfully submit, for your consideration, the following brief statement of facts concerning our enlistment and treatment since being in the service of the United States:

