
invasion. We, in response to that call, rallied and went immediately to defend the honor of our glorious old Commonwealth. The duty performed by the Anderson Troop while acting as scouts in the Cumberland Valley is too well known to be public to need any mention being made of them in this paper, only to observe that we were not regarded as "cowards" (a cognomen rather freely implied in General Rosecrans' Orders, Numbers --) in that short but glorious campaign.

Soon after our return to camp at Carlisle, Pa., news reached us of the removal of General Buell from the command of the Department of the Ohio. As we were enlisted for his body guard specially, and could not act as such when he had no command, steps were taken looking to disbandment, immediate and unconditional disbandment, but our fears were calmed and concerted action frustrated by Actg. Major Frank B. Ward (now deceased)-Captain Palmer, the only commissioned officer at this time, being taken prisoner while in Maryland-causing an order to be read to us, assuring us that we were still to act in the capacity of a body guard, and as such to be attached to the headquarters of General Buell's successor in command, Major-General Rosecrans, and do special service as an independent organization, leading us to believe that General Rosecrans had been telegraphed concerning the troop, and had replied that he would accept us to perform duty as above stated. Placing reliance in the integrity of our officers, we, of course, gave credence to their assertions; hence, foregoing any decisive action to attain our just rights, and consenting to leave Pennsylvania for Louisville, Ky., at which place we expected to find commissioned officers awaiting our arrival (the troop not yet having half its complement of officers), imagine our surprise on arriving at Louisville to find the assertions of our officers to be false, and the whole theory concerning officers to be a miserable farce and a base deception, there being but one commissioned officer awaiting us there, Major A. G. Rosengarten. Feeling justly indignant at such faithlessness, and learning, through what seemed to us excellent authority, that General Rosecrans had refused to accept us as an escort, and that on arriving at Nashville we were to be brigaded, we thought it folly to go any farther, and hence made a stand looking to a redress of our wrongs. Accordingly, petitions signed by nearly every member of the troop were sent Governor Curtin and the War Department, respectfully asking that our troop be honorably discharged from the service of the United States, on the ground of false enlistment. In addition to his, when marching orders were received, a very large percentage of the troop stacked their arms in front of their tents, refusing to march any farther, being only induced to march on the positive and most solemn assurance that all our grievances would be redressed on arriving at Nashville. Acting upon these promises, the march to Nashville was commenced and cheerfully performed, although having to do picket duty and act as scouts during the march, in anticipation of at last having our organization completed, and thereby being enabled to perform service as body guard, as originally promised. But again we were doomed to be disappointed. In lieu of commissioned officers joining us, those acting as such, belonging to the old troop, were ordered to their companies, and, instead of being attached to General Rosecrans' headquarters, as we were assured we would be, not only before leaving Louisville but also during the march, we were ordered to report to General Stanley, chief of cavalry in this department. Having been inveigled by our officers from Carlisle to Nashville, we deemed it our duty to make a stand here until fully satisfied of not being further deceived. Accordingly, a committee representing every company in the

23 R R-VOL XX, PT II

