
troop waited upon Lieutenant-Colonel Spencer, December 25, 1862, to ascertain, if possible, what disposition was to be made of us, and further inquire if we had been brigaded, and why we were not properly officered, to all of which inquiries he, in substance, replied that he did not know what would be done with us; that we were not brigaded as yet; that he did not suppose we would be, but he could not see what difference it could make if we were, and that he had sent a list of names for officers to Governor Curtin to be commissioned, but that why they had not been he could not tell. This proving unsatisfactory, they again waited upon him, being instructed to inform him that, in case marching orders were received before being satisfied in the particulars, they would stack their arms and refuse to obey orders. In the morning of December 26, when requested by our officers to prepare to march, the troop, in a quiet and orderly manner, stacked their arms, as determined upon. Subsequently, however, on the assurance of General Stanley that if the boys would go they should be held as a reserve, and upon the assertion of Major Rosengarten that our army was repulsed, a part of the troop were induced to go with the officers, while a large majority firmly adhered to their original design until their wrongs were righted, and until they were properly officered. Had we obeyed the dictates of patriotism alone, we would have forgotten our grievances and gone, but reason-calm, cool reason-forbade us to go, with only about one-third of our complement of officers, and they mostly young, rash, incompetent, and inexperienced; our horses jaded by a long and fatiguing march from Louisville to Nashville, just finished, and being but partially equipped, in many justances, with wholly worthless arms. All the officers, excepting Lieutenant Fobes, acting quartermaster, having left camp, and the troop almost in starving condition, those remaining thought it their duty to act for themselves, and to try to bring order out of chaos. Hence committees were sent to wait on Brigadier-General Mitchell, to make a statement of facts and solicit a court of inquiry to investigate our case. However, nothing was gained by these interviews, save an order detailing Captain Atkinson (of General Smith's staff) to take those who were willing to go to headquarters and represent their case to General Rosecrans. Accordingly, about 90 men started, under his command, December 30, and about 150 under Colonel Wood, detailed by Brigadier-General Morgan. Colonel Wood having overtaken Captain Atkinson some miles from camp, the whole marched under command of Colonel Wood, until their farther progress was arrested by General Wheeler's rebel brigade, engaged in burning General Davis' and General Sheridan's wagon trains. Here a halt was ordered, and, eventually, a retreat, though we urged the officers to lead us on to the attack. However, the next day the march was continued to headquarters, when the whole command was ordered back to camp near Nashville. Meanwhile those remaining in camp were again waited upon, December 31, and all who were willing to obey all orders emanating from superior officers were requested to step two paces to the front. As there were but very few willing, under existing circumstances, they were then ordered to turn their arms and equipments in, and informed that they would be incarcerated in the county jail. This order was performed by Colonel Wood, acting under General Morgan. On this occasion there were 198 placed in the work-house, who have since been joined by others, swelling the number to 309, besides which there are 101 in the yard of the county jail, making a total of 410 kept in confinement, leaving about 200 in camp, which has become, subsequently, from various causes largely decreased. The query will doubtless be made where the 350 are, neces-

