
sary to swell the troop to the maximum number recruited. Some are quietly sleeping the sleep that knows no waking-fallen heroes, who died willing sacrifices to their country's honor; others are sick and wounded, and [have] found temporary refuge in humane institutions; but the vast majority are missing; why they are missing, and where they are, the veil that obscures the future can only disclose. We could further state that a committee waited on General Buell to inquire concerning the authority given Captain Palmer to recruit a body guard for him, to whom he replied that he had never authorized Captain Palmer to recruit a body guard; and, further, after the first battalion was recruited, the command was raised to three battalions without our knowledge and consent, we excepting of course that the Anderson Troop-one battalion-were, bona-fide, Buell's body guard; and, furthermore, as such we were urged to contribute $20 each, in addition to that allowed by the Government, toward purchasing superior horses, as well as being charged extra for our clothing, it being purchased by special contract, and not of the kind specified by the War Department; to all of which we may add that we were never enlisted nor mustered as a regiment; and, further, that it cost us individually from $25 to $50 to purchase our outfit, such as worn by the original Anderson Troop, commanded by Captain Palmer. We still further beg to show that those of our troop who followed our officers to the front did so, not because they considered the stand made to be wrong, but, on the contrary, they expressly affirmed that they were with us in heart and believed we were right; in proof of which we might cite the fact that a very large percentage of those brave young men are either in the jail-yard or work-house as earnest of their candor to us.

In conclusion, we would impress the fact upon your mind that we were falsely enlisted, never mustered in as a regiment, never properly officered with good, competent men, or properly armed; that in taking this stand we have been actuated by a desire to have simple justice done us. Having made the stand, and taken our position in advance of any marching orders being received, therefore, we claim, what the humblest in the land may justly demand, justice at the hands of a Government we would have died to save. Believing in the honor, justice, and integrity of our Government, we are willing to rest our case in the hands of her representatives, humbly praying that right may prevail over might, justice over outrage and wrong, and that we may be honorably discharged from the service of the United States, thus being relieved from our connection with an organization which has become odious and unbearable to us, thereby enabling those who desire to re-enlist an opportunity to do so under different auspices, where they can do justice to themselves, their now bleeding country, and to the God-given principles of human freedom and self-government. All of which we now submit to have justice meted out to us.

Yours, respectfully,

ANDERSON TROOP.

[Inclosure C.]
HEADQUARTERS POST, Nashville, Tenn., December 27, 1862.

Lieutenant GEORGE S. FOBES,

Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry:

I regret very much to learn the condition of your regiment in this our hour of peril. Your comrades in arms in front have been engaging the enemy and doing service in behalf of our country's cause. You are not in my command, and for the present I have no right to command you, without orders from the commanding general of the Department

