
of the Cumberland. My advice to you is to take up your arms and go to the front, and aid our cause in the coming conflict. After that is determined, I will use all influence in my power to have your organization completed, and, if possible, have you assigned to my command.

Very respectfully,

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure D.]
HEADQUARTERS POST, Nashville, Tenn., December 27, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel J. P. GARESCHE, Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: There are about 500 of the Fifteenth Pennsylvania (Anderson Troop) Cavalry here that refuse to go to the front until they are officered and organized. The men evidently have been deceived. They say they ask nothing but officers to command them. They appear perfectly peaceable, and show nothing disorderly in any other way. I have advised them to go to the front and see you personally, which I think they have determined to do. The only officer left with them is the quartermaster, who was left in charge of their train and regimental property. I think him an excellent man, and exerting himself to have them to their duty. If they fail to go out to the front, I would like instruction what to do with them.

I am, colonel, your very obedient servant,ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure E.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS POST,Numbers 20. Nashville, Tenn., December 28, 1862.

* * * * * *

III. The following members of the Anderson Cavalry will act temporarily as officers until appointments are made, and will be obeyed and respected in the positions assigned them:

Thomas S. Maple, major; William Domer, first lieutenant and regimental quartermaster; Joseph Anderson, captain Company A; Henry O. Tinstman, captain Company F; James B. Curtin, captain Company G; John A. Stevenson, captain Company H; J. Cresson Bradford, captain Company E; James Quinn, first lieutenant Company A; Allison McDowell, first lieutenant Company B; Edward Marshall, first lieutenant Company D; Bruce Lambert, first lieutenant Company E; J. E. Skillen, first lieutenant Company F; E. Enoch Locke, first lieutenant Company G; J. Henry Isett, first lieutenant Company H; Rolland C. Allen, first lieutenant Company K; Coleman H. Watts, second lieutenant Company A; James C. Sproul, second lieutenant Company B; Marcelin L. DeCoursey, second lieutenant Company C; William S. Monyer, second lieutenant Company D; William F. Prosser, second lieutenant Company E; William G. McClure, second lieutenant Company G; Edward B. Imhoff, second lieutenant Company H; James N. Rea, second lieutenant Company K.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-Thomas S. Maple, major; William Donor, regimental quartermaster; James Quinn, first lieutenant Company A; J. E. Skillen,

