
first lieutenant Company F; William S. Monyer, second lieutenant Company D; Edward H. Imhoff, second lieutenant Company H. These officers did not report in compliance with orders. The above-named officers and men remained on duty with the company (old Anderson Troop), then at General Rosecrans' headquarters. John A. Stevenson, to be captain Company H, sick in Nashville, Tenn.; J. Cresson Bradford, to be captain Company E, absent in Pennsylvania (lately paroled), but has since reported for duty; E. Enoch Locke, to be first lieutenant Company G, sick (but has since reported for duty); Rolland C. Allen, to be captain Company K, paroled (but has since reported for duty). The above named did not report, for reasons opposite their names. Joseph Anderson, to be captain Company A; Edward Marshall, to be first lieutenant Company D; Bruce Lambert, to be first lieutenant Company E; J. Henry Isett, to be first lieutenant Company H; Coleman H. Watts, to be second lieutenant Company A; James C. Sproul, to be second lieutenant Company B; M. L. De Coursey, to be second lieutenant Company C; William F. Prosser, to be second lieutenant Company E; William G. McClure, to be second lieutenant Company G; James N. Rea, to be second lieutenant Company K. These acting officers reported, and were on duty with the regiment at the front. First Lieutenant Henry O. Tinstman, to be captain Company F; First Lieutenant James B. Curtin, to be captain Company G; Second Lieutenant Allison McDowell, to be first lieutenant Company B. These officers were already on duty with the regiment as commissioned officers.

A. VEZIN,

Captain, Comdg. Fifteenth Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry.

[Inclosure F.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Camp near La Vergne, December 29, 1862-8.30 a. m.

General R. B. MITCHELL,Commanding, Nashville:

The general commanding directs you to say to the Anderson Cavalry that they had a temporary organization with which they could perfectly have gone into the field. They have disorganized themselves, and he will not submit to their whims. If they do not come up to the front at once he will disgrace them, as well as make them otherwise bitterly regret their folly. He cannot himself appoint officers; he can only, till he hears from Governor Curtin, make acting appointments. This he has now done; let them now march.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

J. P. GARESCHE,

Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure G.]

HEADQUARTERS POST, Nashville, Tenn., December 29, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER ANDERSON TROOP:

SIR: Inclosed I have the honor to forward copy of dispatch received this a. m. from Headquarters Department of the Cumberland. In compliance with said dispatch, I am directed by General Mitchell to say that you will move immediately upon the receipt of this with your command

