
B. Sellers, Company F; Private J. P. Young, Company H; Private John Jameson, Company K; Private J. M. Wiley, Company K; Private Henry F. Mason, Company G.

There were two others who were with me in my squad of 30 men, whose names I am unable to give, which I took charge of and marched to General Rosecrans' headquarters, at Stewart's Run, some 8 miles from Murfreesborough, where we joined our regiment on the morning of 31st December, 1862.

HENRY O. TINSTMAN,

Lieutenant, Commanding Company G, Anderson Cavalry.

[Inclosure L.]
HEADQUARTERS POST, Nashville, Tenn., December 29, 1862.

BRIGADIER-GENERAL COMMANDING DIVISION:

GENERAL: General Mitchell directs that you proceed to-morrow with a sufficient force to the camp of the Anderson Cavalry. You will order the men to march immediately, to report themselves to General Rosecrans. If they refuse to fall in and march, you will take such measures and use such force as you may deem necessary to make them march, as ordered. Those not in mutiny will march at 6 a. m. to-morrow. The others must march at 7 a. m. Fifty of the men not in mutiny will be left to guard regimental property, when the others move at 6 a. m. These men will, of course, be excluded from the operations of the forced measures directed here, should such measures become necessary. I send you inclosures, which will be, in some degree, explanatory of the situation.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JNumbers PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Captain JOHN PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Post:

In compliance with the above order, on the morning of the 30th of December, with the Tenth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry and a detachment of the Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, proceeded to the camp of the Anderson Cavalry, near Nashville, arriving early, and before any portion of the command had left camp. Upon inquiring for the officer in command, was replied to by the men that they had no officer. Orders were at once issued for every man in the camp to fall in, which was promptly obeyed. I then stated the object of my being there, the orders received, and the force present to compel their execution, and gave them thirty minutes to get ready to move. Some few of the members commenced saddling up, the remainder refusing, and expressing strong desire to be arrested; but, after explaining to them the folly of this course, and advising them to go to the front, pledging myself that General Rosecrans would do them justice, they all, at length, agreed to march, making the request that an officer be detailed to lead them, to which I consented, and Lieutenant-Colonel Wood, Tenth Illinois Volunteers, was detailed, and the whole command soon left camp. My own forces were then ordered to return to Nashville.

For the subsequent misconduct of the Anderson Troop, I respectfully refer to the report of Lieutenant-Colonel Wood, herewith transmitted.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Fourth Division.

