
Ohio Cavalry, and he told me to march in rear of his command. We thus formed part of the escort of a wagon train going to Nashville. We arrived here on the evening of the 1st instant, stopping in the camp of that portion of the regiment commanded by Captain Atkinson, which had returned on the night of the 31st December, 1862. On the 2nd of January, I reported for orders to the major of the Third Ohio, Colonel Zahm being absent, stating that we were not in a fit condition to move to the front again, our horses and men being exhausted. There was no forage in town, and as our teams were destroyed we had no means of procuring any. The men and horses had been worked very hard for a week. The last three days and nights we spent in the front we were almost constantly in the saddle, in a section of country on the right of the Murfreesborough turnpike, almost destitute of forage. I was promised forage, should it be possible to procure any, and was told to await further orders from Colonel Zahm in camp. If I am not much mistaken, Captain Atkinson was placed in command the next day (January 3), and he ordered the camp to be moved, which was done January 4, sending at the same time all those refusing to obey orders to jail. Since that time we have been employed in scouting and picketing the roads in this vicinity.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. VEZIN,

Captain, Commanding Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

[Inclosure P.]

PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE, Nashville, Tenn., January 25, 1863.

Major DAVIS,

Assistant Inspector-General, U. S. Army:

MAJOR: At your request, I have the honor to make the following statements respecting the confinement of the Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, known as the Anderson Cavalry, in the prisons of this city, for the crime of mutiny:

Those in the work-house were confined on the 1st day of January, and those in the county jail on the 4th day of January, 1863. The former were 315 in number, and the latter 95. There were also 5 confined in the penitentiary. Respecting their case, or the conduct leading to their arrest, I know nothing. They were turned over to me to guard after their confinement. They were all confined but a short time after I assumed the duties of this office. There were at that time 110 mutineers of the First Michigan Mechanics and Engineers in the work-house, and about 100 or 150 prisoners of different regiments confined in the county jail. The members of the Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry occupied, in the work-house, a large hall, in the center of the building, and in jail, the jail-yard, having their tents put up. The other prisoners were generally confined in the cells. The members of the Anderson Cavalry brought with them to the prisons their blankets, clothing, cooking utensils, &amp;c. They were supplied, since their confinement, with the same rations as all other soldiers in and about the city. I think they were much better supplied, as they had more friends, delegations arriving from Pennsylvania after their confinement to see to their wants. These were allowed access to them, and permission to carry to them whatever they desired. The sick were removed by the quartermaster of the regiment to the regimental hospital, and cared for. Indeed, they were allowed so many privileges that complaints were made to me by General Mitchell that the men were not prisoners, and more stringent orders issued for their safe-keeping inside the buildings.

