
At the time of their confinement, and since, every available building in the city has been in use. Our hospitals, twenty-one in number, were crowded with sick and wounded; about 1,000 paroled Federal soldiers were suddenly thrown into the city from the battle-field, and over 1,200 Confederate prisoners were received for confinement. The city was also menaced by hostile forces. All the troops that could be spared were necessary to guard ammunition and supply trains going to the front, and no trains could go for wood. For want of this, during the cold weather that set in, all suffered; the little that came in hand to be taken for the hospitals.

At the time General Rosecrans made his proposition to this regiment, all those who were in the county jail, those in the penitentiary, and about 40 of those in the work-house accepted it, and were immediately released. This was on the 20th of January instant. The others refused, and are yet in confinement. The officers of the guard at the work-house represent that their refusal to accept the terms presented to them was induced by the influence of certain visitors from Pennsylvania, who told them to hold out a little longer and the regiment would be disbanded.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

JNumbers A. MARTIN,

Colonel Eighth Kansas Volunteers, Provost-Marshal.

[Inclosure Q.]
HEADQUARTERS PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE, Nashville, Tenn., January 26, 1863.

Major DAVIS:

In accordance with your request, I have the honor to make the following report of the members of the Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, confined in the various military prisons in and about Nashville:

On the 4th of January, when I was appointed superintendent of military prisons, there were of the Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry confined in city jail, 88. They were confined in an inclosure, of jail-yard, separate from the rest of the prisoners, and in better quarters. This yard was entirely open, but they were immediately furnished with tents, which, with their abundant supply of blankets, made them comfortable quarters, considering all the circumstances. Their prison yard was much smaller than I would have wished for, but it was the only safe place at the provost-marshall's disposal in the city. There was also confined in what was formerly used for a work-house 315 of the Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry. They had an abundance of room, and were treated with the utmost leniency. They, together with those confined in city jail, were provided with the same amount of rations and wood that any of the troops here in post received.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,H. C. AUSTIN,

Captain, Asst. Provost-Marshal, and Inspector of Military Prisons.

[Inclosure R.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 19, 1863.

Brigadier General R. B. MITCHELL,

Commanding Post, Nashville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Rev. Dr. McCauley and Mr. Kerr, of Philadelphia, have called to see me in behalf of those members of the Fifteenth Pennsyl-

