
vania who are under arrest for mutinous or disorderly conduct. They assure me that the young men are perfectly well disposed, with a few exceptions, and all they want is to be assured they will go on duty at headquarters and get their organization completed. As I have never doubted they would be more useful there than elsewhere, and always intended to assign them to that duty, of which they have had informal assurance from their friends, I have said to these gentlemen the same thing.

I send this to you by those gentlemen, to say that, should their expectations as to the dispositions of these young soldiers be correct, you have authority to release them, and return them to duty. You will, in that case, direct each company to name, in the order of preference, six of their most suitable men, out of which to choose company officers. Cause these lists to be forwarded to me without delay. Have the regiment refitted, and, when ready, send them up to these headquarters, where we can perfect their organization.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure S.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Numbers 20. Nashville, Tenn., January 20, 1863.

* * * * * * *

III. In accordance with instructions received from department headquarters, those members of the Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry now in confinement at this post who are ready to go upon duty, as stated and prescribed in the communications of the general commanding the department to them this day, will be immediately released and restored to duty. The regimental quartermaster of the Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry will immediately make requisitions for the articles needed to put the regiment in an effective condition. Each company in the regiment will nominate, in the order of preference, six suitable persons of their number our of which to choose officers. The lists of the names of those thus selected will be immediately forwarded to these headquarters for transmittal to the department commander. Those failing to avail themselves of this order will be retained in confinement, and await trial by court-martial.

By order of Brigadier General R. B. Mitchell, commanding:

JNumbers PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure T.]
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES, Nashville, Tenn., January 26, 1863.

Colonel JOHN A. MARTIN,Eighth Kansas Volunteers, Provost-Marshal:

COLONEL: What number of the Anderson Cavalry are now in confinement?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

Two hundred and eight.

MARTIN,

Colonel and Provost-Marshal.

