
List of the names of men of the Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, or Anderson Cavalry, who were engaged in the battle of Murfreesborough, who have since been confined or are now in confinement-Continued.

Names.	 Company.	 Remarks.

Private J. A. B.	 L	 In engagements of December 27,

Williams, C. 	 	 29, 31, 1862, and January 1,

 	 1863.

Private Reuben	 L With wagon train when

Beisel, C. attacked, December 30, 1862.

Private Hezekiah	 L
Camp, C.
Private William	 L Sick in camp.

Hart, C.

Private Job W.	 L
Richards, R.
To the best of my knowledge, this is a correct list.

A. VEZIN,

Captain, Comdg. Fifteenth Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry.

[Inclosure V.]

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 6. Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 9, 1863.

* * * * * *

XVIII. The general commanding announces his high satisfaction will those brave and determined men of the Anderson Guards who promptly marched, under the gallant Majors Rosengarten and Ward, to aid him in his advance on Murfreesborough. These young soldiers and their brave commanders vied with our most veteran cavalry in their steadiness under fire and the intrepidity of their advance on the enemy, and nobly sustained the honor already won by the Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry for the Keystone State. While he deplores the early death of brave young Major Rosengarten, the sorrow he feels at his loss is mingled with a soldier's pride to know that he fell like a hero, and for the sacred cause of nationality. He trusts Major Ward, recovering from his desperate but honorable wounds, will live to gather fresh laurels on many a field in his country's service. The general commanding is grieved to learn that about 700 of these noble guards, said to belong to families of good standing at home, have chosen, under some pretext or other, not to follow their companions in arms to the field, to share with them the dangers and the glories of the Fourteenth Army Corps. He cannot imagine what could have moved men on whom he laid such hopes to a course so base and selfish. He cannot conceive how they could shame their own kin, and stain the clear honor of their motive State, by conduct not merely appearing base and cowardly, but so criminal as to deserve the penalty of death. Before proceeding to do what his duty requires, and having them dealt with as their conduct merits-before covering them with that deserved infamy which will blast them forever in the esteem of their fellows-the general commanding wishes this order read to them, and all who are not lost to a sense of honor to step forth and confess that, whatever may have been their private wants of griefs, the hours of their country's need and peril was not the time to stand back and falter or expose their brethren in arms to danger and death without help. Let them then resolve on some reparation, which will give him an opportunity to save some of them from impending disgrace and ruin.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

