
further to inquire if we were brigaded, and why we were not properly officered as promised, to which inquiries he, in substance, replied that he did not know what would be done with the regiment; that we were not brigaded yet, and he did not suppose we would be, but he could not see what difference in could make to the boys if they were, and that he had sent a list of names to Governor Curtin to be commissioned, but did not know why they were not commissioned. This proving unsatisfactory to the committee, they again waited upon him, stating that they were instructed to inform the officers that, in case marching orders were received before they were satisfied in regard to these inquiries, they would stack their arms and refuse to obey the order.

So on the morning of December 26, 1862, when requested by our officers to prepare to march to the front, the regiment, in a quiet and gentlemanly manner, stacked their arms in front of their tents, as previously agreed upon. Subsequently, however, upon the representation of General Stanley that, if the regiment would move, it should be held as a reserve, and upon the assertion of Major Rosengarten that our forces had been repulsed, and that every man was needed at the front, about 200 were induced to go with the officers, the others firmly adhering to their original design of remaining until their wrongs were righted, and until they were properly officered, there being in all but 17 commissioned officers in the regiment, including 2 surgeons.

Had we obeyed the dictates of patriotism alone, we would have disregarded our grievances for the time being, and gate, but reason-calm, cool reason-forbade us to go, with only about one-third of our complement of officers, and they mostly rash and inexperienced; our horses jaded and worn down by the long, tedious march from Louisville to Nashville, just finished, and we but partially equipped, in many instances with worthless arms. All the officers, except Lieutenant Fobes, acting quartermaster, having left camp, and the regiment in almost a starving condition, those left saw fit to act for themselves, and try and bring order our of chaos. Committees were sent to wait upon Brigadier-General Mitchell, and make a plain statement of facts, and ask for a court of inquiry, in order to have our case investigated. However, nothing was gained by this save an order detailing Captain Atkinson to the regiment to headquarters, to represent their case to Major General Rosecrans. Accordingly, about 85 started with him, and about 150 started the same day for the same purpose, under Colonel Wood, who was detailed for that purpose by Brigadier-General Morgan. Colonel Wood having overtaken the party under Captain Atkinson, some miles from camp, the whole marched under his command until near La Vergne, at which place General Wheeler's (rebel) brigade was burning the wagon train of Davis' and Sheridan's divisions. Here a halt was ordered, and, eventually, a retreat, although the boys urged Colonel Wood to lead them on to the attack. However, the day following, December 31, they continued their journey to headquarters, and the whole regiment was ordered back to camp. Meanwhile those remaining in camp were again waited upon, December 31, and all that were willing to obey all orders emanating from their superior officers were requested to step two paces to the front. As there were scarcely any willing to do this, they were then ordered to turn in their arms and equipments, and informed that they would be taken to the work-house as military prisoners. This order was performed by a battalion of men under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Quackenbush, by orders of General Morgan. On this occasion about 200 men were placed under arrest in Work-House Numbers 1, who were subsequently joined by others, swelling

