
those who went front and fought are in the worst quarters, the jail-yard, a filthy place, while the others are in comfortable quarters, with more or less liberty. My opinion is that the men have had very bad advice from some quarter, strengthened by the false sympathy of too tender-hearted friends. They have an idea (a good many of them) that they will be released in a few days through State influence or the War Department. I told them to bear in mind that they were under military law only here.

Hoping that, for the credit of the old Keystone State, this unfortunate affair may be brought to an honorable terminus, and that none of these misguided men may have to suffer punishment, which seems their due, I remain, your obedient servant,

W. W. WARD.

WASHINGTON, January 16, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The undersigned, a committee appointed by the friends and relatives of the Anderson's Cavalry, a troop raised principally in the city of Philadelphia, beg to submit to your respectful consideration the following statement:

We are informed by letters written by many of the members, and by respectable gentlemen sent to inquire of their condition, and who have returned, that a large portion of said cavalry are now confined in loathsome prisons in Nashville, Tenn.

The cause of their present suffering and disgrace had resulted from their being enlisted by false representation made to them in advertisements in the public newspapers of the city of Philadelphia, and by the persons by whom they were enlisted, viz, that the Secretary of War had authorized a regiment to be enlisted for special service, to be attached to the headquarters of Major-General Buell, and that they were not to be employed as ordinary cavalry.

The undersigned, having carefully inquired into the facts, find-

1st. That they have been illy used; that no authority has been given by the War Department to enlist a regiment of cavalry for special service.

2nd. That deception was practiced in enlisting them by making false representations as to the duties they were to perform, and the position in which they were to be placed.

3rd. That after the enlistment of nearly 1,000 men, they were insufficiently officered, having only 13 commissioned officers over the whole regiment, thus causing their demoralization.

4th. In their not being permitted the same privileges that were extended to other Pennsylvania regiments, to select their own officers.

5th. That the said regiment has never received any pay from the United States since their enlistment, and up to the time of the battle of Murfreesborough they have not been attached to any department or division of the Army.

6th. That the false representations already mentioned, and the neglect to furnish said troops with the proper and necessary officers (they having but 10 commissioned and non-commissioned officers upon their arrival at Nashville), have greatly demoralized them.

In view of these facts, and also that the Governor of Pennsylvania claims to have no control or authority over the said troop, all of which the undersigned believe they can establish by good and sufficient au-

