
thority and by personal knowledge, we respectfully but earnestly request that the said regiment be disbanded, and, in consideration of the service rendered by them in Maryland, Kentucky, and Tennessee, that they be honorably discharged.

W. H. STOKES.

ROBERT THOMAS.

JAMES M. STEWART.

SAMUEL MURPHEY, M. D.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, January 17, 1863.

Major N. H. DAVIS,

Assistant Inspector-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that you repair, without delay, to Nashville, Tenn., and inquire minutely into the circumstances which led to the arrest of a portion of the Anderson Cavalry; the treatment of them while in confinement; their present condition, mode of confinement, and the charges against them; in short, everything connected with the arrest and confinement of these men. Telegraph your arrival and the result of your investigation to this office. If any abuse or maltreatment exists, telegraph to same to General Rosecrans. You will also report the names of those now imprisoned who engaged in the battle of Murfreesborough.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., January 17, 1863.

Brigadier-General MITCHELL, Nashville:

Information has reached this Department that the members of the Anderson Cavalry who are under arrest in Nashville are treated in a cruel and improper manner, and that you have uttered threats against them, and expressed a desire and determination to have some of them shot. You will report immediately the names of the persons imprisoned, and the manner of their treatment, and are directed to treat them in a humane manner, cause them to be imprisoned in a proper place, and properly supplied and cared for.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., January 19, 1863.

Brigadier-General MITCHELL, Nashville:

I want your answer telegraphed, stating-

1st. What number of the Anderson Cavalry are imprisoned.

2nd. On what charges, and by whose order, they are imprisoned.

3rd. The description of building in which they are imprisoned, and the number in each prison.

4th. Whether the prisoners are humanely treated, and have proper conveniences for cleanliness and health.

