
mutineers of the Anderson Cavalry as Colonel Palmer may in his opinion think deserving, to receive payment of such moneys as may be due them.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

H. THRALL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATE OF PENNSYLVANIA, EXECUTIVE MILITARY DEPARTMENT, Harrisburg, May 20, 1863.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Hdqrs. Dept. of the Cumberland, Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to refer you to my telegraphic dispatch of yesterday, in which I informed you that commissions for the Fifteenth Pennsylvania (Anderson) Cavalry had been transmitted. These were issued in exact accordance with the last list of appointments, as recommended by Colonel Palmer and approved by yourself. I beg leave further to say that a previous list had been acted upon by me, and I supposed that the commissions therein asked for had been forwarded until the receipt of a telegraphic message requesting that some of them should be withfield, and advising me that a fuller communication would be sent me by mail. That communication reached here after I had set out for the seat of the late conflict south of the Rappahannock, to which point my duty called me, that I might insure the best possible care and attention to the brave men of this State who had suffered in battle there. At the first practicable moment since my return that list of appointments received my attention, and was confirmed by me without any exception; but there are one or two matters about which I desire my views to be considered.

The whole correspondence which has been submitted to me in regard to the late emeute amongst the appointees whose names have been withdrawn shows that these officers were under circumstances of peculiar hardship; as, having no commissions, and therefore unable to draw pay, they had no means with which properly to maintain their rank and condition. Most, if not all, of them had previously distinguished themselves by brave and faithful service, and I would submit to you, as my opinion, that they have been enough punished, and that discipline has been sufficiently vindicated by depriving them of their rank. I think it but just, therefore, that commissions should be issued to them for the time during which they acted under their appointments, and that a special order be made which will enable them to be mustered in and out, and receive pay for their period of actual service.

I wish, also, that in the appointment of second lieutenants, the names of those recommended for promotion should be forwarded me before the announcement of appointment, as there are several cases now, and others will doubtless occur, in which I shall have recommendations to present. An early reply would be acceptable.

I have the honor to be, general, very truly and obediently, your servant,

A. G. CURTIN.

