
but Morgan, with his usual activity, had returned toward Murfreesborough. Our forces captured some 25 or 30 mules, 150 barrels of flour, 2,000 pounds bacon, and a few prisoners. I have directed Colonel Matthews and Colonel Minty to make out reports. A most reliable man, Dr. Donoho, states that he has understood that Bragg is reinstated in his command; that Cheatham is still at Tullahoma, but with evident intention of moving toward Chattanooga; that the general impression is that Breckinridge is about leaving, or has left, Murfreesborough for the same destination. I have heard nothing from General Smith.

Colonel Kennett reports that he entered Hartsville yesterday morning, driving out some 150 cavalry, captured 20 prisoners, 100 mules, 5 mule teams and wagons, many bags of oats, not counted, &amp;c. I have directed Colonel Kennett, and the commander of the regiment and battery left at Gallatin, to draw supplies from Mitchellsville or Fountain Head. They should be provided for them at one of these points, if it is no already done. We have yet heard nothing of the company of cavalry sent with a dispatch to General McCook day before yesterday. We shall endeavor to keep communication open with you hereafter. I very much desire to have an interview with the general, and unless some important movement is made, or is in contemplation, or some other good reason prevents, I will ride into Nashville early to-morrow morning for that purpose.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, November 12, 1862.

Major-General CRITTENDEN,

Commanding Left Wing:

GENERAL: A dispatch is just received from General Smith, from camp on Cumberland River, dated 7 a.m. He stated that he does not know where you are, and will move out on the Lebanon road. Do, as soon as possible, correct this misunderstanding, and in future, by systematic and the well-established and ancient practice of communication with your, keep well informed.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

ARTHUR C. DUCAT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Nashville, Tenn., November 12, 1862.

Colonel ARTHUR C. DUCAT, [Acting] Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the information given to General Rosecrans by Captain Morton's engineer was incorrect.

Captain Bingham is finishing the two bridges nearest town with utmost speed. The bridge at Edgefield Junction is now framed and loaded on cars to go out; that the bridge over Manscore Creek, 65 feet high, will be completed to-night.

The Michigan Mechanics and Engineers are now divided upon the other bridges, and will, I hope, have all clear running to Gallatin by the 15th instant, or 17th at farthest. I will go over the line myself to-morrow, and see for myself.

