
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GEN.'S OFFICE,

Numbers 73. Washington, March 24, 1863.

The following acts and resolutions of Congress are published for the information of all concerned:

* * * * * * *

X.-PUBLIC RESOLUTION.-Numbers 17.

A RESOLUTION giving the thanks of Congress to Major General William S. Rosecrans, and the officers and men under his command, for their gallantry and good conduct in the battle of Murfreesborough, Tenn.

Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the thanks of Congress be, and they are hereby, presented to Major General William S. Rosecrans, and, through him, to the officers and men under his command, for their distinguished gallantry and good conduct at the battle of Murfreesborough, Tenn., where they achieved a signal victory for our arms.

SEC. 2. And be it further resolved, That the President of the United States, be requested to cause the foregoing resolution to be communicated to Major-General Rosecrans, in such terms as he may deem best calculated to give effect thereto.

Approved March 3, 1863.

* * * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.

RICHMOND, VA., November 1, 1862.

Brigadier General HUMPHREY MARSHALL, Abingdon, Va.:

Hold your command in readiness to move on short notice, to support Echols, who is falling back from the Kanawha toward the railroad. He will probably make a stand at the Narrows.

G. W. RANDOLPH.

RICHMOND, November 1, 1862.

Lieutenant General E. KIRBY SMITH, Comdg. Dept. East Tennessee:

GENERAL: It has been determined, as a measure of the first importance, that a combined movement should be made at this time into Middle Tennessee by the army under General Bragg, assisted by such portion of the troops of your department as circumstances may require. I send you herewith, for your information, copy of Special Orders, Numbers 255; also copy of a letter to General Bragg, both referring to this subject. You will perceive that it is left to you to determine whether you will remain in the personal command of your department, for ulterior movements relating thereto, or accompany the army corps drawn from your department for a temporary purpose.

S. COOPER.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

ADJT. AND INSP. GEN.'S OFFICE, Richmond, November 1, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG, Commanding, &amp;c., Knoxville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: The President has had under consideration your pencil memoranda of yesterday's date, and has finally determined that the combined operations suggested by you shall be commenced as early as practicable, under your direction, in conformity with the special orders of this date [Numbers 255], a copy of which is here inclosed.

While this order gives you authority to draw such portions of the

