
new regiments formed in East Tennessee. They should be promptly disposed of, and the question of enforcing the conscript act here should be at once decided. If the law is to be suspended, it should be known, that the people may return to their homes and pursue their avocations. If enforced, then the necessary measures should be promptly taken to put these men in regiments far removed from their homes. This matter, however, is not within my command, and only claims my attention as a source from which recruits might be obtained.

I am, sir, respectfully, yours,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

[Indorsements.]

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War, as advancing powerful arguments in favor of the recommendation made in the indorsement on Numbers 2425. General Bragg states that he has not yet received a man under the conscript act, "now seven months in force." There is reason to believe the system will prove a miserable failure, unless it is managed by one active, energetic, and experienced head.

JASPER S. WHITING,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

To ADJUTANT-GENERAL, for report:

Recommend some competent officer to be assigned exclusively to the superintendence of all proceedings for enforcement of the conscript law. I wish to constitute a quasi bureau for this matter.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

I respectfully recommend Brigadier General Ed. Johnson, who is at present not fitted for field service, by reason of wounds received in battle, and who, I believe, would fulfill all the purposes required.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

DECEMBER 4, 1862.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 2,

Numbers 141. Knoxville, November 3, 1862.

I. The general commanding announces that he has this day resumed command of this department.

* * * * * *

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 2,Numbers 30. Knoxville, November 3, 1862.

* * * * * *

V. The limits of the District of the Gulf, under the command of Brigadier-General Forney, are extended to the thirty-third parallel.

* * * * * *

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

