HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 2, Knoxville, November 4, 1862.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

SIR: In reorganizing my command so as to give proper commands to Lieutenant-Generals Polk and Hardee, I propose two army corps of three divisions, with a brigade of cavalry of each. This I can effect by withdrawing McCown's division from Lieutenant-General Smith, and reorganizing Breckinridge's division, with the addition of new regiments now formed. McCown's division properly belongs to my command, having been sent to General Smith from Tupelo just before my own movement.

May I request you to secure the promotion, as early as practicable, of Colonels Joseph Wheeler and J. A. Wharton, now commanding cavalry brigades, that I may place them in the position they so justly deserve, and are so competent to fill?

I am, sir, respectfully, yours,BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF MIDDLE TENNESSEE, Murfreesborough, November 4, 1862.

Brigadier-General FORREST, Commanding, &amp;c.:

Morgan will co-operate, and will rush into Edgefield when our guns open simultaneously. Open at daybreak. Remember that primary object is for Morgan to destroy the cars and locomotives. Do not expose your troops to a reverse. Operate chiefly with artillery and cavalry, and do not allow them to be raked by the enemy's heavy guns. I will leave here for you at 7 o'clock to-night.

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 2,Numbers 29. Knoxville, November 4, 1862.

* * * * * *

II. Generals commanding in this department will report immediately to their headquarters the names of all shoemakers, good workmen, of infirm health and unfit for active field service.

* * * * * *

IV. Lieutenant General L. Polk will proceed to Richmond and report to the Adjutant-General as bearer of important dispatches, and for the purpose of conferring personally in regard to the state of affairs in Military Department Numbers 2.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, November 4, 1862.

Brigadier General HUMPHREY MARSHALL, Abingdon, Va.:

If called on by Echols, take your troops and co-operate with him, leaving him the command of his own troops. Reorganize your twelve-months' men. The conscript age is extended to forty.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

