
[Indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 12, 1862.

General MARSHALL, Abingdon:

Keep your promise to the twelve-months' men, and do what you think best with them. Can you not employ your cavalry in driving hogs out of Eastern Kentucky?

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 2,

Numbers 142.] Knoxville, Tenn., November 5, 1862.

I. The different staff departments will take immediate measures for substituting hired persons, as far as practicable, for all soldiers detailed on extra duty. No soldier or citizen liable to military duty will be permitted in any staff department after the 30th ultimo, whose duties can be performed by hired persons.

II. The chief quartermaster of this department will require every two weeks from all division, brigade, and regimental quartermasters an accurate report of the number of horses, mules, sets of harness, and wagons in their respective commands, and their condition. The chief quartermaster will, on the 1st and 15th of each month, make out and transmit to these headquarters a recapitulation of such reports.

III. That efficient measures may be taken to secure the return to their commands of all absent officers and soldiers, lists will be immediately prepared and sent to this office, giving the names, present location, and duty, or residence, if on leave, or without leave, with the length of time absent. It is hoped this duty will be promptly discharged, that efficient measures may be taken to correct the great evil under which we suffer. A separate list of deserters for the last eight months will be furnished, showing their residence as far as practicable.

IV. A camp will be forthwith established at Chattanooga for the reception of paroled prisoners, officers, and men, who will report, with the least possible delay, to the commander of the same. Lieutenant S. M. McIntosh, Company E, Twenty-seventh Mississippi Volunteers, is hereby appointed to the command of said camp. He will report daily to these headquarters the names of all persons reporting to him, stating their company and regiment to which they belong, when and where captured and paroled. Major Moses J. Wicks, acting commissary of subsistence, is appointed commissary of said camp, and is authorized to draw and issue the subsistence authorized by law on the requisition of the commanding officer of the camp.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S., Richmond, Va., November 6, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that the suspension of the conscription law in Kentucky gave the right to volunteer, and was designed to promote its exercise, and not to exempt men from military service. Hence, you will require those Kentuckians who came out of

