
for conscripts in their respective States. Brigade commanders will detail a suitable officer from each regiment in their commands, who will proceed forthwith with a copy of the statement above required to the proper conscript camps in their respective States, to enroll and take charge of such recruits as may be furnished to them. They will report to the commandants of such camps for further instructions. The conscript camps are located at Notasulga, Ala., under Major Swanson; Brookhaven, Miss., under M. R. Clark; Camp Moore, La., under F. Dumonteil, and Calhoun, Ga., under Lieutenant-Colonel Weems.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. RIGHT WING, [ARMY OF THE MISS.,]

Numbers 13. Tullahoma, November 8, 1862.

The attention of division and brigade commanders of this wing of the Army of the Mississippi is called to the fact that numerous complaints have been made to these headquarters that depredations are being committed by soldiers of this command on private property. It is with deep regret that the major-general commanding finds it necessary to issue an order, and that, too, subsequent to an order issued from general headquarters of this Army of the Mississippi, prohibiting the straggling of troops and the entering of houses of private citizens. It is, therefore, ordered that regimental and brigade guard lines be established, and no one permitted to leave camp without the written consent of the company and regimental officers, approved by the brigade commanders, not more than two members of any one company to be absent at the same time. Private property must and shall be protected, and in every instance where the above order is violated the offending party will be severely punished.

A minute inspection of arms, accouterments, and ammunition to be made at 11 o'clock to-morrow morning, and a full report of inspection to be forwarded to these headquarters as soon as practicable.

By command of Major-General Cheatham:

JNumbers INGRAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, November 9, 1862.

Major General C. L. STEVENSON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs that as soon as the batteries are supplied with horses, they and the wagon trains be sent forward, via Sparta and McMinnville, to Winchester. In addition to the cavalry escort, a brigade of infantry, selected with a view to the qualities of its commander, will accompany them. The enemy are re-enforcing Nashville, and the trains should move rapidly. The wagons, being empty, can be used to transport the infantry when necessary. Colonel J. H. Morgan, who is operating in the vicinity of Nashville, should be informed of the time of the movement, and directed to cover the flank. He should ascertain all movements of the enemy and report to

