
therefore, it is also ordered that the provisions of the first paragraph of this order shall be applicable to any other officers of the Federal army in the State of Tennessee upon proof of their guilt deemed satisfactory by the commanding officer of the department in which they may be captured and held.

IV. And whereas Major General John Pope has been removed from the Federal army operating in Virginia, and the obnoxious Orders, Numbers 11, of July 23, 1862, issued by him has been stated by the United States authorities to be inoperative and without effect, therefore, it is ordered that so much of General Orders, Numbers 54, August 1, 1862, from the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, Richmond, as applies to the said Major General John Pope, and the officers serving under him in Virginia, be, and is hereby, rescinded.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

KNOXVILLE, November 11, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH:

Does the revocation of General McCown's order contemplate his remaining with his command? I should know immediately, that my dispositions may be made accordingly.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Knoxville, November 11, 1862.

Major General C. L. STEVENSON,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-General Smith directs me to forward you the inclosed dispatch from General Bragg. He directs that you push on the troops as soon as the railroad is open ahead of Bragg's army. The trains will go by Sequatchie Valley, and not attempt crossing at Sparta.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STONE'S RIVER, November 11, 1862.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Commanding Murfreesborough:

GENERAL: I examined yesterday afternoon Lebanon pike, between Murfreesborough and Stone's River, 7 1/2 miles from town. All the country each side of the pike is rolling, and very near level, and generally descending toward the river, very near all cleared. No advantageous military position between town and the river. Should you decide to meet the enemy on this road, the north bank of Stone's River is the best point. The banks of this stream are rocky, with bluffs about 25 feet, which makes the passage a little difficult for an army to cross; besides, the north bank near the pike commands all the country south. At the left of the road is a small hill, which can be occupied by artillery with

