
great advantage, and will sweep the country all around. The enemy is reported at Baird's Mills, 9 miles from Stone's River, about 8,000 strong. This I have only by information. This morning I will start for Franklin, where I expect to reach this evening. I will try to see General Forrest at La Vergne, and consult with him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES NOCQUET,

Major and Chief Engineer Department Numbers 2.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY, ARMY OF MIDDLE TENNESSEE, Murfreesborough, November 11, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel J. A. BUCKNER,Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I respectfully submit the following report of the artillery under my command:

There are in this army eleven four-gun batteries of light artillery and two 24-pounder rifled guns.

The following disposition has been made of the several batteries, in pursuance to General Orders, Numbers 2, received from headquarters: To the First Brigade, Colonel Hanson commanding, Captain Cobb and Ingram have been assigned, with their batteries. To the Second Brigade, Colonel Palmer commanding, Captain Moses and Lieutenant Anderson have been assigned, with their batteries. To the Third Brigade, Colonel Walker commanding, Captains Eldridge and King [Dure] have been assigned, with their batteries. Captains Freeman and Roberts have been assigned to General Forrest's command. The reserve artillery, commanded by Major Montgomery, consists of Captains Ferrell's, King's, and Gibson's batteries.

COMPOSITION OF BATTERIES.

First Brigade.-Captain Cobb's battery, two 6-pounder guns and two 12-pounder howitzers, bronze. Captain Ingram's, two 6-pounder guns and two 12-pounder howitzers, iron.

Second Brigade.-Captain Moses' battery, two 6-pounder guns and two 12-pounder howitzers, bronze. Lieutenant Anderson's, four 3.3-inch rifle guns, bronze.

Third Brigade.-Captain Eldridge's battery, two 6-pounder guns and two 12-pounder howitzers, bronze. Captain Dure's, two 6-pounder guns, bronze, and two 3-inch rifle guns, iron.

Reserve Artillery.-Captain Ferrell, two 6-pounder guns and two 12-pounder howitzers, bronze. Captain King, two 6-pounder guns and two 12-pounder howitzers, bronze. Gibson's, four 6-pounder bronze guns. In General Forrest's command, Captain Freeman's battery, two 6-pounder guns and two 12-pounders howitzers, bronze. Captain Roberts, two 6-pounder guns and two 12-pounder howitzers, bronze.

I would most earnestly call attention to the fact that the greater portion of the men are very poorly and thinly clad, and much in need of blankets. Captains Ingram and Dure and most of Major Montgomery's command have been supplied with horses. Captains Cobb and Eldridge are much in want of a new supply, a greater portion of Captain Cobb's having been condemned by a board of survey called for that purpose. I would request that the quartermaster be ordered to procure

