
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, November 1, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati, Ohio:

By direction of the Secretary of War, I yesterday telegraphed Governor Morton to send all Indiana troops to columbus, Ky. Not a moment should be lost in sending re-enforcements to General Grant. We are anxious to hear from Western Virginia. The Department is not satisfied with the movements of troops there. They are too slow. Unless they move with great rapidity the campaign will be a failure. Has Morgan's command been sent to Tennessee?

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

BOWLING GREEN,

November 1, 1862.

General W. S. ROSECRANS:

Another messenger from Nashville reports to me that General Negley

said Breckinridge moved his command to La Vergne, and that 15,000 of Bragg's advance would be at Murfreesborough this morning. Morgan was at Springfield yesterday with fully 3,000. His object is, doubtless to annoy our army as they move down, or cut off the wagon train. I dispersed some of his men yesterday near South Union, on Russellville road, capturing 4. If cavalry force could be sent from Munfordville by Russellville and another from here with section of artillery, it would trouble him to escape.

S. D. BRUCE,

Colonel, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, KY.,

November 1, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Major-General Rosecrans left this morning to join his command, which was already in motion on his arrival here. He takes with him all the forces lately under General Buell, except the garrisons on the railroad and a brigade with some cavalry, at Lebanon, which are designed in part to support those garrisons. What the strength of the force thus left is, have not been able to ascertain. The small force at Louisville should be kept for the present, except two regiments of Indiana troops, sent here some time since, but which, it was stated, were designed for special service. Beyond the thirteen regiments of Illinois troops, referred to in my dispatch, I cannot, therefore, send any to Columbus without drawing them Granger's command, which is in the interior of Kentucky. Shall I do this? I prefer not doing it at this moment.

H. G. WRIGHT.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Louisville, Ky., November 1, 1862.

Brigadier General J. T. BOYLE:

GENERAL: General Orders, Numbers 49, Headquarters Army of the Ohio, are modified in the following particulars:

1st. Recruits from the rebel army who have delivered themselves up

