
horses immediately for these two batteries. The batteries supplied have 6 horses for each carriage, with a surplus of from 10 to 12 for each company, which is necessary in case of casualties during an action. The batteries in all other respects, with the exception of Captains Eldridge and Freeman, who require new harness, are thoroughly equipped. Captain Igram's pieces being iron and very indifferent, a lieutenant has been detailed to procure new ones of bronze.

The companies are not so thoroughly and efficiently drilled as could be wished, from the fact they are very short of men, the drivers and cannoneers frequently having to take each others' places. I would suggest the propriety of the adoption of some plan by which the batteries could be filled up to the minimum number. The cannoneers of the different batteries are required to drill two and one-half hours each day at the foot battery; the drivers, one and one-half hours in harnessing and unharnessing, besides a battery drill of three hours. The officers are required to attend recitation in tactics two hours each day.

R. E. GRAVES,

Major and Chief of Artillery.

(Similar letter, dated November 12, 1862, to Major James Wilson, assistant inspector-general.)

CHATTANOOGA, November 12, 1862.

General BEAUREGARD, Charleston:

DEAR GENERAL: Your confidential note of 15th October was found on my arrival here. Please accept my thanks. It will be used in case of necessity. My forces are rapidly concentrating in Middle Tennessee, and should the enemy move out of his intrenchments at Nashville, we will soon fight him. He is concentrating there in force, no doubt, with a view of redeeming his lost ground. He will outnumber us, as usual, but our hopes are strong and our troops very confident.

Very truly, yours,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

P. S.-We leave to-morrow for Tullahoma and Murfreesborough.

ABINGDON, VA., November 13, 1862.

Honorable J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your departmental letter of the 10th, quoting from a complaint urged from this quarter, "upon the most respectable authority," equally against my troops for marauding in this vicinity and against myself for not suppressing it, only saying, I "would assist the provost-marshal or commander of the post."

I arrived at Abingdon on the 3rd. A battalion of mounted riflemen halted some 5 miles from this place; Everett's company of same in the environs of town. In three or four days after, Messrs. Campbell, Bev. Johnson, Cummings, and White called on me and made complaint that the mounted riflemen were entering Mr. White's corn-field and taking corn he could not spare; some were shooting hogs, burning rails, &amp;c.

1st. I wrote an order in the presence of those gentlemen, reprobating such practices in the most emphatic terms.

