
RICHMOND, November 14, 1862.

Lieut. Gen. E. KIRKY SMITH,

Commanding,&amp;c., Knoxville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: In reply to a communication from Major General Samuel Jones, of the 18th ultimo, I am directed by the Secretary of War to request you, as commanding general of the Department of East Tennessee, to designate the localities in your department in which the writ of habeas corpus should be suspended.

Very respectfully,&c.,

JASPER S. WHITING,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT NO.2.

No. 37. Tullahoma, Tenn., November 14, 1862.

* * * * * *

VI. Johnson's brigade, Buckner's division, Second Corps, Army of the Mississippi, will march forthwith to Shellbyvile. The officers commanding the brigade will take prompt and efficient measures to secure supplies of all kinds in that section, and forward them as rapidly as possible to the main depots on the Chattanooga and Nashville Railroad.

VII. The Twenty-fourth Alabama Volunteers, Colonel Buck commanding, is hereby transferred from the brigade commanded by Brigadier-General Jackson to the brigade commanded by Brigadier-General Duncan, Withers' division.

VIII. The rest of the brigade, commanded by Brigadier-General Jackson, will march to Bridgeport and garrison that place, relieving the Seventy-fourth [Sixty-third] Tennessee, Colonel Fain commanding.

Colonel Fain on being relieved will report with his command to Lieut. Gen. E. Kirby Smith.

By command of General Bragg:

[GEORGE WM. BRENT,]

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

TULLAHOMA, via CHATTANOOGA, November 15, 1862.

(Received at Richmond, November 15, 1862.)

General S. COOPER, Adjutant-General:

Generals Forney and Slaughter are both sick at Mobile. Something must be done. Acquaintance with artillery and engineering is essential. Mackall is my only chance, Duncan being very ill. Could Whiting be sent? The enemy keeps closely within his lines at Nashville. We subsist our whole force here and send out a surplus.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

RICHMOND, November 15, 1862.

Brig. Gen. JOHN S. WILLIAMS,

Commanding Dublin Depot, Va.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the Secretary of War to instruct you to post your forces where they can be subsisted during the winter, and as near as possible to the approaches by which the enemy, if they advance, will seek to gain the railroad. You will report what partisan corps shall

