
be retained; the other will be disbanded. You will dismount such of your cavalry as is not required for service, and pasture the horses, sending them where they can be foraged. If, however, the enemy advance, you will suspend the execution of these orders, and use your discretion in disposing of your cavalry. I am also directed to inform you that a major-general will be sent to command the entire forces.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JASPER S. WHITING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MURFREEESBOROUGH, November 15, 1862.

Brigadier-General WHEELER, Commanding:

GENERAL: You will order the following companies to report to Colonel Carroll, inspector-general, at Spencer's Springs, 3 miles west of Murfreesborough, as I wish to of form them into a regiment: Captain Miller's, Captain McCann's, Captain Carter's, Captain Lytle's, Captain Harvey's, Captain Bruster's, Captain Perkin's, and Captain Coffee's*. And, as soon as you can, let Col. G. G. Dibrell's regiment come; I wish to give them new arms, equipments,&amp;c. They will report at the same place. I would suggest that your order your brigade to Stewart's Creek, as there is a great deal of forage in that locality, and we ought to use that in preference to this up here, and there is a good blacksmith's shop there, and its very difficult to get shoeing done here.

By command of Brigadier-General Forrest:

M. J. M. MASON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT NO.2,

No. 146. Tullahoma, November 15, 1862.

The consumption of grain by distillation within the limits of this department is prohibited, except under a special license, to be obtained, specifying the time, place and quantity. Immediate measures will be taken to suppress all distilleries now in operation. The supplies of grain and whisky will be seized and turned over to the proper staff departments. This action in necessary in view of the great evils of drunkenness resulting from this speculation, and also to secure the necessary subsistence for the army and the people, now being consumed by extortioners, than whom the country has no greater enemy.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT NO.2,

No. 147. Tullahoma, Tenn., November 15, 1862.

R. C. Tyler, colonel Fifteenth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers, is announced as provost-marshal to the army in the field, and will be respected and obeyed accordingly.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*These companies formed Douglass' Tennessee Battalion, Partisan Rangers.

---------------

