
on more occasions than one, and have had in reply that he had no power to help us. I feel that I have done my whole duty to the Government with the means I have had at my control. My stock is now so far gone that it will be useless before winter is half over. If there is a failure here, the responsibility will not be on me.

Truly,yours,

C. WALLACE,

President.

GENERAL ORDER, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT NO.2,

No. 149. Tullahoma, Tenn., November 17, 1862.

I. The general commanding announces, with pain, the shameful fact that numerous officers, and soldiers are absent from this army without leave or sanction. This evil, so injurious to the service, and discreditable to those who, wearing the uniform of the Confederate States, are now living in ease and idleness, instead of sharing the common perils and duties of their companions in arms, must be averted. Such dereliction of duty, whilst in the presence of an active and powerful enemy, calls not only for rebuke the commanding general, but also for efficient measures on the part of the citizens of the South to secure the return of such delinquents to their commands. The commanding general orders that officers who continue absent without leave shall be brought before the examining board authorized by an act of Congress, entitled "An act to relieve the army of disqualified, disabled, and incompetent officers," in order that their names may be dropped from the rolls of the army whose glory the wish to reflect, but whose dangers and toils they are unwilling to encounter.

II. All soldier who continue absent will be treated as deserters and punished as such.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ABINGDON, VA., November 18, 1862.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I received your telegram two days since, suggesting, by way of inquiry, service for my mounted force in Kentucky, in driving out hogs and cattle.

As to the actual conversion of the soldiers into drives, I fear it would not be a welcome tasks to the men; but in taking positions and executing movements which should protect and cover agents whose business it would be to drive, I think such service not only can be performed but would be the most useful in which these men could be engaged. I do not believe the Virginia troops would willingly

re-enter Kentucky after all that has transpired. They, for the most part, went before with great alacrity; but they do not yet understand the necessity for their retreat, and see in Kentucky service only the advance over rough and bleak mountains, to be quickly succeeded by hasty and inexplicable retreats, without a collision with the enemy. But, on the other hand, the Kentucky troops ardently desire to return to Kentucky, and they have little or no doubt that a very large force can be raised in that State with any

