HEADQUARTERS POST,Nashville, Tenn., November 13, 1862.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Comdg. Fourteenth Army Corps, Dept. of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I regret to inform you that the picket officers report the Fourth Ohio Cavalry driven in in great disorder by Forrest, with 1,200 cavalry and six pieces of artillery. Permit me to respectfully suggest extreme caution in operating against Forrest's cavalry. They are between 4,000 and 5,000 strong, are constantly moving, and are always watching for an inferior force and ready to remove from an equal one. It is also reported (apparently reliable) that General Johnston has arrived at Murfreesborough, and is moving troops up to that point.

I have the honor to remain, your, very truly,

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Nashville, Tenn., November 13, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel ARTHUR C. DUCAT,

Acting Chief of Staff:

SIR: General Rosecrans proposed an expedition to La Vergne, and requested reliable information as to the force and position of the enemy.

I beg leave to report that principal portion of Forres's command has left La Vergne; the remainder ready to fly at the first intimation of an attack. Excepting as a reconnaissance, I am unable to realize the possibility of striking the enemy a sudden and successful blow, unless by a sufficient force of cavalry alone.

If the general desires any further information independent of this object, I shall take pleasure in obeying his commands.

I have the honor to remain, your, very truly,

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.

NASHVILLE, November 13, 1862.

Colonel JOHN KENNETT, Hartsville:

If there is any difficulty in crossing the river at Hartsville, come lower down and cross near Crittenden. When you arrive between river and Lebanon, you must keep us well informed and communicate often with Crittenden. We want to time with you.

By order of General Rosecrans:

ARTHUR C. DUCAT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, LEFT WING,Silver Springs, November 13, 1862-5.30 p.m.

Colonel KENNETT,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

COLONEL: General Crittenden, who has but this moment returned from Nashville, direct me to say that you need feel no apprehension for the safety of your command; that there are, and will be, plenty of troops at Gallatin; that you must collect all the supplies you can; if it be

