
Please to say what arrangements as to compensation are to be made, should my mounted force call for hogs and cattle in Kentucky, or whether any is intended. Prices here for everything are perfectly ruinous to our currency and will be to our country. Has not the departmental commander a right to limit his disbursing officers to a stated price, and to take, where that is not received, and give a certificate as to the amount taken?

I shall await an answer to this, as also to a letter I addressed you some ten day since touching the basis on which, you expected me to co-operate with General Echols, now with General Williams.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

H. MARSHALL,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.

KNOXVILLE, November 18, 1862.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

I cannot wait longer for answer to my dispatch of last Tuesday* to the Secretary of War. I have assigned General Heth to the command of the department during my absence. Hope this will meet with approval, and that no change will be made in the order of assignment.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, November 18, 1862.

Lieut. Gen. E. KIRBY SMITH, Knoxville, Tenn.:

Make such disposition of General McCown as your judgment shall determine. The order assigning him to the Trans-Mississippi Department having been revoked, he naturally falls back to your command.

Major General Samuel Jones has been separated from your command, and will not return to it.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT NO.2,

No. 150. Tullahoma, November 19, 1862.

As soon as the transportation oh the troops to this point shall have ceased, the commanders of corps will send and bring toward the tents left behind for the accommodation of their men.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, November 20, 1862.

Lieut. Gen. E. KIRBY SMITH, Knoxville, Tenn.:

Atlanta is not within the Department of East Tennessee, but will probably be added to it soon.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

---------------

*See Smith to Randolph,p.398.

---------------

