
TULLAHOMA, November 20, 1862.

General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE:

Commence the works. Movement of troops commences to-morrow. Our Secretary Randolph has resigned; no loss.

BRAXTON BRAGG.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF MIDDLE TENNESSEE, November 20, 1862.

General WHEELER:

Wharton's brigade has not arrived; will be sent forward as soon as it comes. You had better retain Forrest's command until Wharton arrives. Will send to-morrow two regiments of infantry to relieve the two now with you. Parole prisoners in the front; do not allow them to come to the rear.

JOHN A. BUCKNER,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

TULLAHOMA, November 20, 1862.

General WHEELER:

Can you spare my brigade? If so, order them up to Murfreesborough with the battery and all their transportation on Suday. Answer.

N. B. FORREST,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT NO.2,

No. 151. Tullahoma, November 20, 1862.

I. Brig. Gen. J. K. Duncan, provisional army, is assigned as chief of staff to the commanding general. His duties will be general, extending to all the different department of the service, and his orders and instructions, both written and oral, will be regarded as official and by authority.

II. Lieut. Col. George G. Garner will resume his duties as chief in the department of orders for Department No. 2.

III. Lieut. Col. George William Brent is assigned as chief in the department of orders for the forces operating in the field.

IV. The three army corps, as at present organized for active operations, will be designated by the names of their respective permanent commanders, viz, Smith's, Polk's, and Hardee's; the whole to constitute the Army of Tennessee.

V. Polk's corps will take position near Murfreesborough; Smith's in front of Manchester; Hardee's near Shelbyville. The cavalry brigades for these three corps (except one regiment for each) will take position in front of our lines, under the direction of the chief of cavalry.

VI. Brigadier-General Morgan's and Forrest's brigades of cavalry will, as soon as practicable after being relieved by Wharton's command, proceed to the special service assigned them by the commanding general. Much is expected by the army and its commander from the operations of these active and ever-successful leaders.

VII. The foregoing dispositions are in anticipation of the great struggle which must soon settle the question of supremacy in Middle Tennessee.

