
UNATTACHED.

16th Georgia Battalion Partisan Rangers, Lieut. Colonel F. M. Nix.

3rd Kentucky Cavalry, Colonel J. R. Butler.

5th North Carolina Cavalry Battalion, Major A. H. Baird.

7th North Carolina Cavalry Battalion, Lieut. Colonel G. N. Folk.

North Carolina Regiment, Colonel W. H. Thomas.

5th Tennessee Cavalry, Lieut. Colonel G. W. McKenzie.

16th Tennessee Cavalry Battalion, Major E. W. Rucker.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Tullahoma, November 21, 1862.

Brigadier-General FORREST,

Commanding Independent Brigade of Cavalry:

The general commanding direct that you will proceed, as soon as practicable, with your whole command to the west of the Nashville and Columbia road, for the purpose of carrying on operations against the enemy in the west of Middle, and, if practicable, in West Tennessee. A full regiment of Colonel Roddey's force, from North Alabama, has been directed to report at Waynesborough, subject to your orders. You are authorized to assume command of any force, not attached, which may be found in that section of country, and unite it with your own, or as sign it to special service. You are further authorized to increase your force at any time to the extent of your ability to arm it, always preferring to increase the rank and file of your old regiments to organizing new companies. Should you find it practicable, cross rapidly into West Tennessee, and fall suddenly and with power upon the enemy's depots and lines of communications, destroying them and capturing his guards and hospitals. A successful move of this sort would effectually frustrate his campaign, now commencing against Mississippi, and place his force there in jeopardy. With the confidence he has in your energy, zeal, and ability, the general has strong hopes of a brilliant result to this bold and hazardous expedition. You must expect to support your command in the country through which you pass, but in all instances you will pay the current market value for supplies of any kind, except to our enemies, and suppress marauding by all means in your power. Make reports as often as practicable, weekly at least, direct to these headquarters. Keep yourself advised of the enemy's movements about Nashville as long as you are this side of the Tennessee, and, should he advance, fall suddenly on his rear, destroy his trains, and harass him to the extent of your ability.

I am, general, yours, &amp;c.,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, November 21, 1862.

General WHEELER:

Wharton's brigade has not arrived. Will be sent forward as soon as it comes. You had better retain Forrest's command until Wharton's arrives. Will sent to-morrow two regiments of infantry to relieve the two now with you. Parole in the front; do not allow them to come to the rear.

JOHN A. BUCKNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

