
TULLAHOMA, November 21, 1862.

Brig. General JOSEPH WHEELER:

Organize Forrest's command for immediate service, and concentrate them at Spencer's Springs, near Murfreesborough. Retain General Morgan's brigade, if necessary, until you are re-enforced by Pegram's cavalry.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS RESERVE DIVISION,

POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Tullahoma, Tenn., November 21, 1862.

This command will move to-morrow morning at sunrise toward Murfreesborough by the Manchester road, right in front.

Such of the troops as are without shoes, and are unable to march, will be encamped by brigade commanders in the woods near the railroad, under charge of an officer, to be taken off by first train. The senior officer left will ascertain as soon as possible, and report immediately to Major-General Cheatham, the number of men and location.

If there are any wagons sent off by department commissary not yet returned, a quartermaster will be left to take charge of them from each brigade, and bring them forward. Any baggage that cannot be carried by transportation now in camp may be left for the wagons, a detail being left to load.

By command of Major-General Withers:

D. E. HUGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT, No. 2,Tullahoma, Tenn., November 22, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army, Richmond:

SIR: You will perceive by my general orders that the troops are all in motion toward the enemy. The necessity, after our arduous duty of two months, for some little rest and reorganization, and for supplying necessaries to the men, such as clothing, shoes, &amp;c., has detained us some, and the difficulties of transportation by the circuitous route, via Chattanooga, which we were compelled to take has delayed us as much. The whole of Generals Polk's and Hardee's commands are up to this point, and General Smith's are mostly on this side of the Tennessee River. The dispositions made of the infantry and artillery will enable me to meet the enemy at any moment, should he come out from his intrenchments, and the cavalry will soon be so posted as to cut his communications and deprive him of supplies. I hope thus to force him to fight or fall back. To assail his strong works, garnished with the heaviest guns, and defended by numbers superior to my own, would be an act of imprudence, to say the least, which it seems to me would not be justified by any necessity now existing. Should the Department differ with me, however, I will undertake it, as I have troops ready to dare anything their leaders may order.

The whole of Middle Tennessee south of the Cumberland is tributary to us, and we are drawing immense supplies of subsistence, with considerable amounts of clothing, leather, &c., from the region just vacated by the enemy. The people, with few exceptions, are loyal and true, having

