
once felt the yoke of Abolition despotism, and are joining our ranks in large numbers. From information considered reliable, I feel satisfied the enemy have a force exceeding 60,000 now in and about Nashville, General Rosecrans in command. Out of his intrechments we will meet him with confidence.

The want of railroad transportation this side the Tennessee River has been a serious drawback in moving troops and supplies. None of the branch roads were repaired, and the main trunk had but a meager supply of rolling stock. The former will soon be in order, under my special instructions, and all the rolling stock the company could spare has been crossed to this side. The labor was great, and the risk is not small, but the progress of the bridge indicating a completion by the 15th December, I concluded to undergo both. Supplies will now go back rapidly, and we hope not only to feed our forces, but to spare largely for other localities. My headquarters will be removed in a few days to Murfreesborough.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Tullahoma, November 22, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant [and Inspector] General, Richmond:

GENERAL: I inclose you a tabular statement of the organization of the army corps of Lieutenant-Generals Polk and Hardee, as now constituted; also the organization of the cavalry, in which I have made two independent brigades, for partisan service.

Another corps, similarly organized form the troops now arriving from the Department of East Tennessee, will be placed under the senior general who may accompany them. I have not the information yet on which to base a report, but will make one as soon as possible.

It will be perceived one division is commanded by a brigadier-general, and seven brigades of infantry and two of cavalry by colonels, giving ten vacancies of general officers. I may add also that another brigade of infantry will be formed in a few days of regiments now en route.

I contemplated reducing the number of brigades in a division to three, in consequence of the reduced rank and file, but we are receiving large accessions here of recruits and returned convalescents, rendering that action inexpedient.

An accompanying list of general officers not on duty will show what to be relied on to fill their places.*

Of the absentees, Carroll and Walker are not safe men to intrust with any command, and I much prefer leaving their brigades with such colonels as accident may place in position. Bate and Helm are not likely to return to field duty for months. Preston is at present unassigned, and Brown may be expected in thirty days.

From the whole exhibit, it will be seen we have eleven vacancies, with seven generals in commission not on duty, only one of whom is now available, and only one more expected in thirty days.

I have already forwarded some written recommendations, and inclose another from Major-General Withers;* a list of names is also submitted,*

---------------

*See pp.508,509.

---------------

27 R R-VOL XX, PT II

