
that you cannot take them all when you go, you can destroy them. He has to haul all his own supplies from Mitchellsville, and can furnish you with no wagons; possibly you may obtain some at Gallatin; press what you can. He is not in possession of Lebanon, and does not know that he will be. No news.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

LYNE STARLING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, November 13, 1862-6.30 p.m.

Colonel KENNETT, Hartsville:

Your dispatches of to-day received. They are highly satisfactory. Send a regiment to report to General Crittenden as soon as practicable. A regiment of infantry and section of agave been ordered to report to you from General Thomas. We do not occupy Lebanon. Issue stores captured to your command. Live on the country, and give receipts of indemnity on proof of loyalty. General Thomas is ordered to send a train to haul in your spare spoils. Those people are running away. Pitch in and get what you can; they think you are much stronger than you are. Later, leave one regiment of cavalry with the infantry ordered to report to you; take the rest of your command and make a forced march to Lebanon, and the to La Grange. Move rapidly, and harass then to death. Do not wait for infantry to report, but push on. Keep up constant communication with General Crittenden. Be sure of this. Answer.

By order of General Rosecrans:

ARTHUR C. DUCAT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Gallatin, November 13, 1862.

Colonel KENNETT:

COLONEL: I understand that Lebanon is held by our troops, and that a portion of Crittenden's forces have passed through, going south, so report. Have received sundry telegrams yesterday and to-day from Nashville. Nothing said about a skirmish or a fight at Lebanon. I am under the impression that Crittenden's corps has, or will, all pass through that place, but we have no official information in regard to it at this office.

Very respectfully,

GEO. E. FLYNT,

Major and Chief of Staff.

P. S. - Major Starling is General Crittenden's assistant adjutant-general.

PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE,

Gallatin, Tenn., November 13, 1862.

Colonel KENNETT:

We sent your dispatch to Major-general Thomas, and this is the reply: "Major-General Crittenden's position is unknown to us."

E. W. HOLLINGSWORTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Provost-Marshal.

