
under Brigadier-General Wharton is transferred from Hardee's corps to Polk's corps. Brigadier-General Wheeler and Wharton will report accordingly.

* * * * * * *

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

No. 1. Tullahoma, November 23, 1862.

I. The several regiments, battalions, and independent companies engaged in the ever-memorable battle at Perryville, Ky., on the 8th of October, in which they achieved a signal victory over the enemy, numbering three to their one, and drove him from the field with terrible slaughter and the loss of his artillery, will inscribe the name of that filed on their colors. The corps of Cheatham's division, which made the gallant and desperate charge resulting in the capture of three of the enemy's batteries, will, in addition to the name, place the cross cannon inverted.

II. All officers and men who have been delivered at Vicksburg, Miss., up to the 1st November have been duly exchanged as prisoners of war, and will, without delay, join their respective regiment and corps.

III. Corps commanders are authorized to grant furloughs to those who are entitled to a discharge under Paragraph V, General Orders of War Department, on re-enlisting for the war.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TULLAHOMA, TENN., November 24, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President, &amp;c., Richmond:

MY DEAR SIR: Since reaching my command again,we have been constantly engaged in preparing the troops for the operations intended, and in their transportation to the field of action. The process has been slow, for several reasons, but especially from the condition of the railroads. The Georgia and East Tennessee road is greatly deficient in rolling stock. The Nashville and Chattanooga had but a very limited supply this side the Tennessee, and was unwilling to risk more until the bridge was finished. The increased force now here has given confidence, and they are adding to the supply. The bridge is progressing well, and, if we are not disappointed in getting iron from the Tredegar Works, in Richmond, and timber promised from Georgia, will be finished in three weeks. Many of my troops were bare-footed and ragged, inducing me to spare them as much as possible from marching. More than half, however, marched from Bridgeport forward. I am happy to find the deficiency in clothing, shoes, and blankets is being rapidly supplied, and even now we are in very fair condition in that respect, and are daily improving. The health and general tone of my old Army of the Mississippi (now Polk's and Hardee's corps) were never better. The Tennesseeans especially are in fine condition, having been fitted out by their friends. The ranks of those from this section, too, are rapidly filling. Having felt the heel of the tyrant, the people of this region are determined to resist, and nobly furnishing us men and means. Smith's corps

