
tween Normandy and Fosterville stations. Colonel Tison will establish his headquarters at Wartrace.

* * * * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

T. B. ROY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Murfreesborough, Tenn., November 27, 1862.

Brigadier-General WHEELER, Chief of Cavalry, La Vergne:

GENERAL: Your several communications, through General Breckinridge, did not reach us until yesterday. In future you will report direct to these headquarters.

Your communication of yesterday, containing full and satisfactory reports of your operations, also reached us. In reply, the general commanding desires me to say you will attend to the promotion, &amp;c., of the officers of cavalry, announcing them, when made, in orders. When any doubt exists as to their capacity or conduct, you will appoint a board of officers for their examination. Colonel Harrison may be an exception, but he should be announced. Captain Evans, it there is no major, must be lieutenant-colonel until heard from. The next captain is major.

General Wharton may take his old regimental staff, but should nominate them regularly, through the proper channels, for promotion. Colonel Harrison must do the same for their successors. Announce in orders the acting appointments of General Wharton, and of the regiments when organized, and sent the appointments up for the information of the War Department, specifying how the regiments are formed, &c. Major Davis' battalion will report as soon as relieved by Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith. Have Captain Hamilton arrested as a deserter and brought to trial. You are authorized to increase Bledsoe's battalion to a regiment when practicable. Order up two companies of Third Confederate Cavalry, now with General Wharton. Bring Captain Gailbreath's name before an examining board. He need not be present, if not available.

The general commanding desires that you will forward the names of suitable officers to constitute the examining boards, in pursuance of the act of Congress entitled "An act to relieve the army of disqualified, disabled, and incompetent officers;" one for the examination of field officers and the other for company officers. Each board to consist of three members. Let a general officer be named as the president of the first board. You will send detachments of reliable officers and men with the least possible delay to bring in all absentees and deserters, who must be promptly brought to trial and punished according to the degree of their offense. You will send Colonel Scott's First Louisiana Cavalry Regiment to these headquarters immediately.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours, &c.,GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS MORGAN'S BRIGADE, Cross-Roads, near Murfreesborough, November 27, 1862.

Brigadier-General WHEELER, Chief of Cavalry:

SIR: Brigadier-General Morgan returned this morning, and I have the pleasure of forwarding the reports you desired to be sent in; also a

