
copy of the report sent in to headquarters, with the information gained during the scouting excursion.

Brigadier-General Morgan requests me to state that he duly appreciates the very kind tone of your dispatches, and is happy to have earned your good opinion, and I am ordered to assure you that nothing shall be wanting on his part to insure the duration of those feelings of cordiality and esteem betwixt officers of the same arm which tend so much to the efficiency of the service.

With respect to the reports, they are as yet incomplete. Colonel Duke's regiment and Major Breckinridge's battalion are at Fayetteville, as it was found impossible to ration and forage so large a force in this immediate neighborhood.

General Morgan is anxiously expecting the arrival of his relief, as he requires from ten to fourteen days to consolidate and organize the regiments and battalions which have been assigned to his command (according to orders received from General Kirby Smith), previous to commencing active operations against the enemy.

I have the honor to be, general, with the highest respect, your most obedient servant,

G. ST. LEGER GRENFELL,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-By an officer belonging to this brigade, who left Castalian Springs yesterday (half-way between Hartsville and Gallatin), and passed the Cumberland last night, we learn that hundreds of deserters from the Federal Army are wandering through the country seeking some Confederate officer to parole them. They (the Yankees) state that all are sick of the war, and only desirous of returning home. From all accounts the number of these deserters is very considerable.
HDQRS. ARMY OF TENNESSEE, November 27, 1862.

Lieutenant General LEONIDAS POLK, Commanding Polk's Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that you will hold your command ready for action, as the enemy seems to be advancing in force.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Numbers 7. Murfreesborough, November 27, 1862.

* * * * * *

VI. Colonels Biffle and Napier will, with their commands, report to Brigadier-General Wheeler for duty at La Vergne.

* * * * * *

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS RESERVE DIVISION, POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Murfreesborough, Tenn., November 27, 1862.

In obedience to General Orders, Numbers 2, Headquarters Polk's Corps, of this date, the troops of this division will be held in readiness to march

