
enemy's cavalry and some mounted infantry have followed up our movement, occasionally skirmishing with our rear guard, without, however, delaying our march, which has progressed without the loss of a wagon or any description of property. General Price's corps is now being established between this point and the Tuscahoma Ferry. Van Dorn will occupy the ground on his right. The heavy rains which have fallen will, I believe, enable me to hold this position with my small force, unless a movement is made by the enemy to turn my right by the Mobile and Ohio Railroad.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

P. S.- The re-enforcements ordered by General Bragg will be retained for the present at Jackson. I have no hope of any assistance from General Holmes, and have telegraphed fully on that subject to Richmond some days since.

Respectfully,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, December 6, 1862

General S. COOPER, Adjutant-General:

General Rosecrans has an army of about 65,000 men in and around Nashville, and some 35,000 distributed along the railroad to Louisville and in Kentucky. General Bragg has about 42,000 men, besides irregular cavalry, which in a few days will occupy Readyville, this place, and Eagleville. We can cross the Tennessee only by ferrying, a very slow process, which Rosecrans would certainly interrupt. The movement to join General Pemberton would, by any route, require at least a month. From the information given me here I believe that the country between the Tennessee and General Pemberton could not support the trains our troops would require for a march through it. If I am right in this estimate, the President's object-speedy re-enforcement of the army in Mississippi-cannot be accomplished by sending troops from Tennessee. To send a strong force would be to give up Tennessee. To send a strong force would be to give up Tennessee, and would, the principal officers think here, disorganize this army. Rosecrans could then move into Virginia, or join Grant before our troops could reach Pemberton's position, for the Tennessee is no obstacle to him. The passage of the Tennessee is so difficult and slow that we shall be unable to use the same troops on both sides of the river until next summer. Two thousand cavalry will be sent to break up the Louisville and Nashville Railroad, and 4,000 will be employed in the same way in West Tennessee and Northern Mississippi. The latter may delay General Grant.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON.

General.
HEADQUARTERS WHARTON'S CAVALRY BRIGADE,Nolensville, December 6, 1862-3.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General WHEELER, Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: In reply to your dispatch just received, I have to report that the enemy are not, and have not been, in possession of Franklin

