
since I moved to this point. There has been, and still is, a company stationed on the Franklin pike, with orders to fall back on Franklin,and only to leave it when driven thence by a superior force of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers A. WHARTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

FLORENCE, ALA., December 6, 1862.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: In behalf of the good people of North Alabama, I take the liberty of calling your attention to their exposed condition, and saying that an order from you of a force adequate to their protection would be hailed with intense satisfaction and delight. They have no very good reason to apprehend an approach of the enemy in very large, as points such as Chattanooga, Vicksburg, &amp;c., of a strategic character will be likely to engage more particularly their attention; but that frequent raids upon our beautiful valley will be often attempted, as heretofore, there can be no doubt. We are, however, advantageously situated to resist these, had we a brigade of infantry to act in conjunction with the two regiments of cavalry already stationed for our defense.

It is unnecessary to relate to you the innumerable instances of pillage and robbery to which the people of North Alabama have already been subjected. Suffice it to say that they have been almost ground into the very dust by the tyrants and thieves.

In this connection, permit me respectfully to call your attention to the claims of Colonel O'Neal, of the Twenty-sixth Alabama, to the appointment of brigadier-general, and to say, further, that it would greatly subserve the interests of the country, and especially of this section, to have him in command of the forces for the protection of North Alabama. He possesses military skill and experience in an eminent degree. An early devotee of the rights of his section, he hesitated at no sacrifice in its behalf; was one of the first to relinquish a lucrative practice of his profession (of law) to engage for the war as a soldier, and bears honorable scars received upon the memorable battle-fields of Richmond. I may say of him that he is popular as a statesman, an orator, and a patriot.

With sentiments of respect, I am, yours, truly,

JNumbers E. MOORE.

[Inclosure]

FLORENCE, ALA., January 6, 1863.

To the Honorable Secretary of War of the Confederate States of America:

The undersigned, citizens of North Alabama,would respectfully make known to you that they have been greatly oppressed by the ravages of the Federal army during the past year; their property destroyed, wantonly and vindictively; the private of their homes invaded; citizens carried, off, ill-treated,and imprisoned; their slaves carried off in very large numbers, declared free, and refused the liberty of returning to their owners, when, in many instances, they desired to do so. These and many other outrages of a similar nature reduced to property many of our citi-

