
None but brigade commanders and commanding officers of separate posts and their superior shall grant such permission.

The commanding general requests, as a favor, that citizens will report to him all acts in violation of this order, not only that he may protect them, but that discipline may be enforced and the efficiency of the troops may be preserved.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENN.,Numbers 15. Murfreesborough, December 11, 1862.

I. Surg. W. C. Cavanaugh is announced as the medical director of this corps.

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

THOMAS M. JACK.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Numbers 12. Murfreesborough, Tenn., December 12, 1862

Recognizing our dependence on the providence of Almighty God, and mindful of our obligations for his mercies and grace to us individually and as a people, it is our bounden duty, on all suitable occasions, to bow with reverence before His throne, to acknowledge our submission to His moral government, to confess our sins unto Him, "to render thanks for the great benefits that we have received at His hands, to set forth His most worthy praise, to hear His most holy word, and to ask those things which are requisite and necessary as well for the body as the soul."

The encourage and cultivate the affections appropriate to the due performance of these reasonable duties, He has set apart one day in seven, and although it is not at all times practicable to dispense with military duty on the Sabbath, there is an extent to which these duties may be curtailed. Commanding officers of all grades are, therefore, earnestly exhorted to issue their orders so as to give to all officers and soldiers an opportunity to attend Divine service that day.

Experience supports the teachings of the Divine law, that one day in seven is regarded as a day of rest for man and beast. Policy, therefore, as well as religious duty, calls upon us to reverence this Divine appointment.

All military duty not required for discipline and defense, or the necessary collection and preservation of supplies, will be dispensed with on the Sabbath, while the enemy is stationary, and every facility and convenience practicable will be afforded chaplains for the celebration of Divine service, and officers and men will be encouraged to attend.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Numbers 22. Murfreesborough, December 12, 1862

I. The following changes of organization and assignments are made, to take effect immediately:

1st. Breckinridge's division is transferred to Hardee's corps, and its commander will report accordingly for further orders.

