
2nd. Anderson's division is broken up,and the troops assigned as follows: Twenty-fourth, Twenty-seventh, Thirtieth, Thirty-seventh, and Forty-first Mississippi, Forty-fifth Alabama, and Nineteenth and Twentieth [Twenty-ninth] Tennessee Regiments, * with Barret's battery, to Polk's corps. The Thirteenth, Sixteenth, Twentieth, and Twenty-fifth Louisiana, First and Third Florida, First Arkansas and Twenty-sixth Tennessee Regiments, Major Austin's battalion of sharpshooters, and Slocomb's battery to Hardee's corps.

3rd. The corps commanders will organize and assign these troops to proper brigades and divisions, and order them to their proper stations.

4th. Palmer's and Lumsden's batteries will join the reserve artillery at this post.

5th. The company of cavalry attached to Anderson's division headquarters, and Captain Forney's company, serving at Withers' division headquarters, will report at once to Brigadier-General Wheeler, at La Vergne.

6th. By direction of the President, Brigadier General William Preston is assigned to the brigade in Breckinridge's division now commanded by Colonel R. W. Hanson.

Brigadier-Generals Maxey, Adams, and Brown are assigned to Hardee's corps. Brigadier General Patton Anderson is assigned to Polk's corps. They will report accordingly, and in person.

* * * * * *

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Nolensville, December 13, 1862-6.30 p.m.

Lieutenant General LEONIDAS POLK,

Commanding, &amp;c:

GENERAL: Colonel Smith writes me from Franklin that a lady, whom he has known for years, and knows to be true, told him to-day that General Campbell informed her day before yesterday that a great battle would take place in a few days on the Murfreesborough pike, between Nashville and Murfreesborough, and that by far the greater portion of the Federal forces were encamped on this and the Murfreesborough pike. This latter statement I know to be a fact. I am very desirous of visiting Murfreesborough,on important business. I desire a personal interview with you. Please send me, by return courier, a permit for three days. Colonel Harrison will be in command. The reason I ask for the leave to be sent by return courier is that I desire to leave for Murfreesborough early in the morning. I have not had a night's rest since I have been stationed here. All quiet in front. Colonel Smith killed 9 Federals in his fight at Franklin.

Most respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

JNumbers A. WHARTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

---------------

*Twenty-ninth instead of Twentieth Tennessee, by Special Orders, Numbers 30, December 20, 1862, p. 458.

---------------

