
pike from Lebanon to Murfreesborough, about 17 miles from the latter place. This would make mine an ugly position, if shut in by the Cumberland and Stone's Rivers.

I merely make these suggestions for the consideration of the general, and if he thinks it best that I remain here, I hall do so most cheerfully, not doubting his better judgment. I started my wagons this morning for supplies.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. LEFT WING, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Silver Springs, November 14, 1862-6.30 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Center:

GENERAL: The inclosed note has been this moment received. As I had been ordered to send Colonel Kennett to Harstville, and as General Rosecrans had given me no notice that he had been ordered to leave it, and you had not informed me that you had given such an order, I was very much surprised, and my first impression was that Kennett had been deceived by a sure of the enemy. Closer scrutiny of the note convinced me that a genuine order had been given, probably by you, based upon the supposition that I occupied Lebanon with a brigade, and that the note was intended for you, though directed to my adjutant. I am at least 10 miles from Lebanon, and have no forces there. On the contrary, I am informed that Morgan and Forrest are both there with not less than 6.000 cavalry, and probably a brigade of infantry.

I am very anxious about the result of the enterprise, and beg that you will immediately inform me, that I may act as the occasion may require.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, November 14, 1862.

Major-General THOMAS, Gallatin:

Have you any news from Kennett to-day? He was anxious on yesterday. Satisfied there was no cause. Find out how much of a train it will take to haul his spoils from Hartsville, and send for them. Direct your infantry at Hartsville to collect the stores discovered by Colonel Kennett.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Gallatin, November 14, 1862.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

A dispatch from Colonel Kennett, just received, states that one of his scouts had just returned from Lebanon, and tells him that Morgan and Forrest are at Lebanon with 4,200 men and eight pieces of artillery. Colonel Kennett thinks it will be an unequal fight, and therefore, would return to Hartsville. He thinks a combined movements should be agreed

