
also reports the picket force in direction of Franklin as being increased. A partly of gentleman arrived in Franklin this morning from Nashville, accompanying the remains of Honorable William H. Polk for interment in Columbia. They bring Federal news of the battle at Fredericksburg. General Burnside lost 5,000 men in taking our first line of fortifications, and it was estimated that they would lose 30,000 to take the second. Burnside recrossed the river and destroyed the pontoon bridges. It was believed at Nashville that Burnside was badly whipped. The same party of gentlemen say they passed a regiment of infantry this side of Brentwood, on the Franklin pike, going in that direction, and saw one going the other way. They report the enemy as being encamped on the Franklin pike, from Brentwood to Nashville all the way.

I have the honor to be, yours, respectfully,

JNumbers A. WHARTON,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 2.

Numbers 66. Murfreesborough, December 18, 1862

I. Stevenson's division, Smith's corps, will immediately move to Chattanooga, thence to Mississippi (via Mobile), and report to Lieutenant-General Pemberton. The baggage train, artillery horses, and horses of forage officers will be sent by an interior dirt road to be designated by the corps commander.

II. All paroled prisoners who have been or may hereafter be delivered at Vicksburg, are declared by the agent at that point as exchanged. They will, therefore, promptly report for duty with their respective regiments.

* * * * * *

By command of General Bragg:

[GEO. G. GARNER,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Numbers 28. Murfreesborough, December 18, 1862.

* * * * * *

IV. Commissaries and their agents will observe strictly the following regulations:

1st. The authority to impress supplies for the army is limited, first, to supplies by merchants and traders, and withheld from market for purposes of speculation on the future wants of the Government or people; second, to surplus supplies (beyond a full and liberal al lowance for domestic use) in the hands of planters or farmers, who refuse to sell for Confederate notes, or from motives of hostility to the Confederate Government.

2d. In all cases of seizure it must be done by the commissary or his authorized agent in person, and not by employes in their service, and the supplies seized shall be paid for at the time at the established rates.

3rd. Commissaries and their agents are prohibited from seizing and taking possession of stores bought by other purchasing officers and held at depots or in transit.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

