
[CHAP. XXXII

The distributing hospitals to be guarded by Hardee's corps.

Besides the regular officers belonging to these troops, assistant commissaries and assistant quartermasters will be detailed by the corps commanders for service at these hospitals, and a number of supernumerary field and company officers will be stationed at each for the command, discipline, and instruction of convalescents, and for the purpose of conducting them, when well, to their regiments.

Commanding officers will immediately establish convalescent camps, and introduce a rigid system of police discipline and instruction, which will tend largely to the restoration of health. Though not expected to interfere with the duties of medical officers, they will be held responsible for the faithful discharge of all duties at their station, and for the prompt enforcement of order and discipline.

The details officers and troops will be reported to these headquarters immediately, that orders may be issued for their movement.

The attention of commanders is called to existing orders on the subject of transporting sick, furnishing cooked rations, and sending their descriptive rolls.

By order of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. HARDEE'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENN.,No.-. Near Eagleville, Tenn., December 19, 1862.

The following is announced as the organization of Breckinridge's division, Hardee's corps, Army of Tennessee:

Adams' Brigade

32nd Alabama.

13th Louisiana.

16th Louisiana.

20th Louisiana.

25th Louisiana.

Slocomb's battery.

Brown's Brigade.

Brigadier General JOHN C. BROWN.

18th Tennessee.

26th Tennessee.

28th Tennessee.

32nd Tennessee.

45th Tennessee.

Moses' battery.

Hanson's Brigade.

Brigadier General ROGER W. HANSON.

41st Alabama.

2nd Kentucky.

4th Kentucky.

6th Kentucky.

9th Kentucky.

Cobb's battery.

Preston's Brigade.

Brigadier General WILLIAM PRESTON.

1st Florida.

3rd Florida.

4th Florida.

60th North Carolina.

20th Tennessee.

Wright's battery.

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

T. B. ROY, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin Depot, W. Va., December 19, 1862.

Brigadier General HENRY HETH,

Commanding Department of East Tennessee:

GENERAL: As our department join at an important point (Cumberland Gap), it is desirable that I should have the earliest information of any serious demonstration by the enemy on that point, as it may, perhaps, be in my power to aid the officer commanding at the gap, in the

