
event of his being seriously threatened or attacked. Will you have the kindness to keep me informed of the movements of the enemy in that direction? I will give you any information of their movements which you would desire to know. I find it necessary to send some of the horses and mules belonging to this department to the rear, for the convenience of procuring forage for them. It may be for the interest of the service that they should be foraged in counties of Western North Carolina or East Tennessee, bordering on Virginia. General Marshall informs me that some arrangements of the kind which he had made were objected to by officers of your department, and the animals ordered away. In turn, General Marshall had prohibited the officer at Cumberland Gap from drawing forage from Lee and adjoining counties in Virginia. It seems to me desirable that the supplies in the country should be procured and applied to the use of the Government where it can be done with the least trouble and expense to the Government, without being restricted too closely by the dividing lines of departments. Some of the counties in North Carolina and Tennessee are more conveniently situated to the troops in this than in your department. I shall be glad to reciprocate any favor of the kind.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Murfreesborough, Tenn., December 20, 1862.

Brigadier General JOSEPH WHEELER, Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that circumstances concur to induce the belief that the enemy is preparing to evacuate Nashville. He therefore desires that you will press forward your lines, in order to ascertain the true condition of things, and report fully and promptly.

I am, genera, very truly, yours,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 2,

Numbers 157. Murfreesborough, Tenn., December 20, 1862.

The general commanding announces with deep regret the death of Brigadier General J. K. Duncan, chief of staff. He died at Knoxville, Tenn., on the 18th instant, after a painful and protracted illness. The army and the country will lament the loss of this distinguished soldier, at a time of life when he might, with reason, have looked forward to a long career of usefulness honor. An educated officer of fine attainments, he was among the first in this struggle to enter the service, and was content with a subordinate position. By his zeal, efficiency, and gallantry, he had so won the confidence of his Government and the admiration of his associates in arms as the attain a position second only in importance to that of commander-in-chief of an army. His heroic defense of the forts below New Orleans is known to all, and his name has gone down to history. Dead to his family and friends, he will still live in the hearts, of his country men as among the brightest and bravest spirits of the many who have given their lives to the holy cause of freedom.

By command of General Bragg:

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

