
[CHAP. XXXII.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Numbers 30. Murfreesborough, December 20, 1862.

* * * * *

II. Subdivision 2, Paragraph 1, Special Orders, Numbers 22, dated December 12, 1862, from these headquarters, is announced as follows:

Anderson's division is broken up, and the troops assigned as follows: Twenty-fourth, Twenty-seventh, Thirtieth-seventh, and Forty-first Mississippi, Forty-fifth Alabama, Nineteenth and Twenty-ninth Tennessee Regiments, with Barret's battery, to Polk's corps. The Thirteenth, Sixteenth, Twentieth, and Twenty-fifth Louisiana, First and Third Florida, First Arkansas, and Twenty-sixth Tennessee Regiments, Major Austin's battalion of sharpshooters, and Slocomb's battery, to Hardee's corps.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Murfreesborough, Tenn., December 21, 1862.

Brigadier General JOSEPH WHEELER,

Chief of Cavalry, La Vergne:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that hereafter flags of truce shall be sent only on Mondays and Thursday, between the hours of 12 m. and 4 p.m., and that they shall be received at no other time. The flag should remain out the shortest possible time, and should not await answer from Nashville. Should there be a forcible detention, as in case of Lieutenant-Colonel Hawkins, on the 15th, the flag must not be kept up, but be declared down, and the officer in charge proclaim himself a prisoner captured under the flag. The regulation in regard to time of sending and receiving flags will go into effect to-morrow, Monday 22nd instant. General Rosecrans has been notified in one of the communications accompanying this.

Respectfully,

J. STODDARD JOHNSTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Nolensville, December 21, 1862-9.30 a.m.

Lieutenant General LEONIDAS POLK,

Commanding Polk's Corps, Army of Tennessee:

GENERAL: General Thomas' corps arrived in Nashville yesterday and day before, and is encamped on the Charlotte and Franklin pikes. My information is that the enemy are receiving large quantities of supplies daily; also re-enforcements. There are no indications of evacuating Nashville. On the contrary, the entire force is now on the Nashville side of the river. I sent a regiment yesterday as far over as the Charlotte pike, with orders to attack any foraging train, but none were out. Colonel Smith, who commanded, writes me that the enemy have not foraged on the Charlotte pike for ten days.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers A. WHARTON,

Brigadier-General.

