
the country at this season will be worth more than a corps. Should it have rained as much as represented, and Forrest succeed in destroying the roads in Grant's rear, his movements will be entirely checked.

Should you determine upon conducting operations in person, I trust you will send for McCown's division, and let me join you. That will, I believe, be the theater, of the enemy's greatest efforts this winter, and, if you command, I can be with you without superseding Pemberton.

Elgee writes Dr. Smith, from Louisiana, that he wants to take the field. He is attached to and would, probably, prefer being with you. His clear head and sound judgment would, probably, prefer being with you. His clear head and sound judgment would make him a useful addition to any one's staff; and if you can find no place for him, I will write for him to join me.

I was detained longer than I expected at Murfreesborough, and, arriving at Chattanooga after dark, in the rain, did not see Mrs. Johnston, but took the train direct for Knoxville.

Did you succeed, through Mississippi influences, in making any impression on the President?

I hear that 10,000 men from Holmes' command were expected at Alexandria, La., to operate with Dick Taylor. They might just as well have been spared for operations east of the Mississippi.

It is reported that Banks has made his appearance off the mouth of the Mississippi. You will probably have need for me and the rest of my corps before the winter is over. Give my regards to Washington and Fauntleroy.

I am, general, your friend,

E. KIRBY SMITH.

CHATTANOOGA, December 27, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

General Bragg reports that the enemy are advancing on him in heavy force, and asks for all available assistance.

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, MISS., December 27, 1862.

Colonel B. S. EWELL, Chattanooga:

Your dispatch received. You don't tell me what troops are at hand. Send them, and tell General E. K. Smith to re-enforce, if possible. Have all of Stevenson's troops passed Chattanooga? Let me know what troops you are able to send.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

JACKSON, MISS., December 27, 1862.

Colonel B. S. EWELL, Chattanooga:

I intended that headquarters should move after the troops. Either you or Colonel Lamar should remain until the crisis is over near Murfreesborough. Chattanooga is in Lieutenant-General Smith's department. General Bragg can keep his hospitals there, and command the ground necessary for them.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

