
[CHAP. XXXII.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Murfreesborough, December 27, 1862-9 p.m.

Lieutenant-General POLK,

Commanding Polk's Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that Generals Wheeler, Wharton, and Pegram have been instructed to fall back before the enemy to-morrow.. The move of the enemy is evidently on this place. He directs that the troops, after breakfast to-morrow, move to their position in front. General Hardee will occupy the right, his left resting on the Nashville road; General Breckinridge, first line; General Cleburne, second line, 800 or 1,000 yards in rear. General Polk will occupy the left; Withers in front; Cheatham in rear; General Breckinridge knows his ground; General McCown in reserve. Generals Pegram and Wharton, with their infantry supports, should be governed by Wheeler's movements, keeping in communication with him. The flanks should be watched by them. General Wharton will detach a scout to the Franklin and Columbia roads. The troops should be in position by 9 a.m. The enemy is at Stewart's Creek, 10 miles out.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-The general commanding desires me to say that he will see you early to-morrow morning.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Murfreesborough, December 27, 1862-9.45 p.m.

Major-General CHEATHAM and

Major-General WITHERS:

GENERAL: The enemy is reported, through the general commanding, to be at Stewart's Creek, 10 miles out, and his move is thought to be on this place. You are directed to move your troops to their position after breakfast to-morrow morning. The line of Polk's corps will be formed with the right resting on the Nashville turnpike. It will be formed in two lines, from 800 to 1,000 yards apart. General Withers' division will occupy the front line; General Cheatham's the rear. The troops should be in position by 9 a.m. The lieutenant-general commanding desires me to say that he desires you to meet him at the crossing of the Nashville turnpike with Stone's River punctually at 7.30 a.m. to-morrow, that he may reconnoiter the ground on which to post the troops.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

L. L. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS BRECKINRIDGE'S DIVISION,Numbers 57. Murfreesborough, December 27, 1862.

* * * * * *

II. The troops of this division will be ready to move on two hours' notice, with two days' cooked rations in haversacks, 40 rounds of ammunition in cartridge-boxes, and 100 rounds in ammunition wagons.

III. Immediate steps will be taken to see that the arms and accouterments of the men are in condition for action.

