
RICHMOND, December 28, 1862.

General E. KIRBY SMITH, Knoxville:

General Bragg reports the enemy advancing on him in heavy force, and asks for all available assistance. Relying on your judgment to determine, it is desired by the Department that you render all the aid in your power to spare with safety.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

SALEM, December 28, 1862-8 p.m.

Lieutenant General LEONIDAS POLK,

Commanding Polk's Corps:

GENERAL: The following is a copy of a dispatch just received from Colonel Smith:

EAGLEVILLE, December 28, 1862-3.30 p.m.

GENERAL: My scouts are just in from Seals, 6 1/2 miles from Triune-the road that you went. The enemy, embracing about 1,500, came to that point this morning, and remained a short time, and all went back toward Triune. They had two regiments of infantry and about 300 cavalry, and section of artillery. They sent this party out scouting or reconnoitering, and they returned to headquarters at Triune. This is entirely reliable. I am expecting information from my scouts that I sent by your order to Franklin and Columbia.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

BAXTER SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding.

This settles, in my opinion, the flanking question. I have communicated the above intelligence to General Bragg, and told him, without he ordered to the contrary, I would place my headquarters on the Wilkinson pike, my right resting on Wheeler's left and my left on this pike. This is my proper position as your cavalry officer, and I hope you will sent that it is done. I am satisfied that what I told you to-night was true, viz, that they went that far to develop General Bragg's design. My falling back on this place convinces them that General Bragg will fight here.

Most respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

JNumbers A. WHARTON,

Brigadier-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Murfreesborough, December 28, 1862.

The general commanding directs that the infantry brigades on the Lebanon and Nashville roads will rejoin their divisions here to-night.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

