
JACKSON, MISS., December 30, 1862.

General BRAGG, Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

Van Dorn has destroyed the depot at Holly Springs. Grant has recrossed the Tallahatchie. I wish to unite Forrest and Roddey with Van Dorn for further operations. Please inform them, and tell where they are.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.
HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD, December 30, 1862-9.50 a.m.

Lieutenant-General POLK:

GENERAL: The dispatch of General Wharton is received. The general commanding directs me to say that the indications of the enemy now are to cross the river in front of General Hardee.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

Received in answer to a dispatch from General Wharton, announcing that the enemy's right did not extend as far as our left at 10.25 a.m.

DECEMBER 30, 1862-2.30 p.m. [Received 2.45 p.m.]

Lieutenant-General POLK:

GENERAL: I have three regiments in the enemy's rear; the remainder are held to prevent a movement on our left. As yet the enemy are not farther left than Manigault's center. As soon as they develop their left I will do all I can to ruin them in their rear. General Cheatham will be advised promptly.

Respectfully,

JNO. A. WHARTON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Murfreesborough, December 30, 1862-1.50 p.m.

[Major-General WITHERS:]

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that a vigorous assault be made by our left on the right of the enemy to-morrow morning as early as it is light enough to see. Your right will remain stationary, and be the pivot on which the movement will be made. Your left will swing around and correspond with the movement of General McCown's division on your left. In making this movement, the general desires that your attack shall be vigorous and persistent. In so doing, keep up the touch of elbows to the right, in order that the line may be unbroken. The movement of the second line will correspond with that of the first.

Very respectfully,GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

