HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Dublin, December 30, 1862.

Lieut. Gen. E. KIRBY SMITH, Knoxville:

Your telegram just received. I immediately ordered Brigadier-General Marshall, with all available troops, to Bristol. Will send an aide by today's train to Abingdon, to ask General Floyd to co-operate. I have no cipher.

SAM. JONES,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Dublin, December 30, 1862.

[Brigadier-General FLOYD?]:

GENERAL: I have just now received telegrams from Lieutenant-General Smith, at Knoxville, and Brigadier-General Marshall, at Abingdon, informing me that the enemy's cavalry, 4,000 strong, were in Scott County, and within 45 miles of Bristol at 10 p.m. yesterday. Lieutenant-General Smith informs me that he has no troops to send to Bristol. Brigadier-General Marshall has a regiment of infantry and a battalion of cavalry 4 miles from Bristol. He has ordered his artillery from Wytheville to Bristol, and I have directed him to send a battalion of infantry with it. I will send immediately to Bristol 500 or 600 of Jenkins' dismounted cavalry. Marshall has ordered the Georgia battalion to fall back to Saltville.

I communicate this information to you, general, knowing that you will gladly give all the aid you can to protect this important line of railroad, and to drive back and punish the invaders. I do not know the strength or position of your command, and, therefore, cannot venture any suggestions as to the best disposition you can make of it. Your own judgment and knowledge of the country will, I am sure, enable you to do all that can be done under the circumstances.

This will be handed to you by my aide-de-camp, Lieutenant Warwick, whom I desire to introduce to you.

With great respect and esteem, your most obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Dublin, December 30, 1862.

Brig. Gen. HUMPHREY MARSHALL, Abingdon:

Your telegram this instant received. Presume you have given the officers commanding the troops within 4 miles of Bristol notice of the movements of the enemy on that point, with the necessary directions for meeting them. If you have not done so, do it immediately. Send the battalion of infantry from Abingdon to Bristol, and go there yourself. Assume command, and make the best disposition you can for the defense of the place. I will send you 500 or 600 of Jenkins' men, dismounted. Telegraph promptly all the information you get.

SAM. JONES,Major-General.

