
JACKSON, January 2, 1863.

General BRAGG, Murfreesborough:

Send the First Georgia, First Louisiana, and Adrian's battalion to report to General E. K. Smith, and such other of his troops as may be required, to repel raid in East Tennessee.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.
HDQRS. WALTHALL'S BRIGADE, WITHERS' DIVISION, POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE, In Line, January 2, 1863-10.45 p.m.

Major D. E. HUGER,Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Soon after dark to-night I sent out a staff officer to the major-general commanding division to inform him of my present position. I directed him to say that I was immediately in front of the enemy, with no infantry support on right or left. He informs me that Major-General Breckinridge was present when he delivered the message, and stated to the lieutenant-general commanding the corps that supports had been ordered to take position on my right and left, and that they were then in position. I deem it proper to state that since the return of my staff officer I have, in company with other officers, made a personal reconnaissance of the position, and find no infantry on my right, and none on my left, nearer than 800 yards distant. The enemy is immediately in front of this interval. A battery on my left in some measure commands the approach to this interval, but not entirely. General Breckinridge not being present, I desire to inform the major-general commanding division of these facts.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PATTON ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. WITHERS' DIVISION, POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE, In the Field, January 2, 1863.

Brigade commanders will keep a list of all men who straggled from the battle-field, and of all who continued to face the enemy as became soldiers. They will also keep a list of all officers who failed to discharge their duties properly. These lists will be called for hereafter.

By command of Major-General Withers:

D. E. HUGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

Regimental commanders will take steps to gain the information necessary to enable them to make the reports alluded to above, which will be called for at an early day.

By order of Colonel White:

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

