
DUBLIN, January 2, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

Telegram from General Floyd reports enemy in force at Pound Gap. I go immediately to Abingdon. If I need them, can I get any troops temporarily from Richmond? Answer at Abingdon.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

JACKSON, January 3, 1863.

Colonel EWELL, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

The movement of Stevenson's troops has been published in the Chattanooga Rebel. Urge upon the editors there the importance of not making such publications in future.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS, January 3, 1863-10 p.m.

General CHEATHAM:

GENERAL: General Withers will move at 11 o'clock to-night-one hour hence-with his infantry and artillery. He will leave his skirmishers in position until 2.30 o'clock, when they will be relieved by cavalry pickets from General Wharton's command, who will, in turn, retire at daybreak. Your own troops, infantry and artillery, will leave at 1 o'clock to-night. Your skirmishers will be relieved at 2.30 o'clock by the cavalry under the command of Colonel Carter. Colonel Carter has received his ordered to be on hand for that purpose even at an earlier hour, but the infantry skirmishers will not leave until 2.30 o'clock, when they will join their command. Colonel Carter's command will leave at daybreak, and report to my headquarters for further orders. General Wharton will cover your retreat on your right and rear.

L. POLK,Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS WITHERS' DIVISION, Wilkinson Pike, January 3, 1863.

[Colonel WHITE,

Commanding Second Brigade:]

COLONEL: The general directs that I send you the following extract for your guidance:

White and Coltart to hold their present positions, and throw forward a strong line of skirmishers, to drive out the enemy from the cedar cover toward the hospital. They will throw out their lines so soon as these covers of wood have been well shelled by the batteries. The batteries to do this will be Carnes' and Scott's.

I am, colonel, respectfully, &amp;c.,

D. E. HUGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS WITHERS' DIVISION, In the Field, January 3, 1863-11.37 a.m.

Colonel WHITE,

Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: The contents of your dispatch have been forwarded. The

