
major-general commanding directs that you hold the position at all hazards, until instructions are sent you.

I am, colonel, respectfully,

D. E. HUGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS WITHERS' DIVISION, In the Field, January 3, 1863.

Colonel WHITE,Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: If the enemy succeed in getting such a battery into position as you describe, and if it be beyond the range of your guns, you will withdraw your troops and battery, I mean the battery on the left; also that on the right, if it be exposed the same way.

The above are orders from General Polk, forwarded to you by General Withers.

Yours, respectfully,

D. E. HUGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Abingdon, January 3, 1863.

Lieut. Gen. E. KIRBY SMITH, Knoxville:

General Marshall is pursuing the bridge-burning party, who are reported retreating to Big Creek Gap, where they say there is a force ready to march on Knoxville. I am anxious to give you any assistance in my power, but cannot hear a word from you. I telegraphed you last. What is the latest news from General Bragg's army? It is important that I should know. Answer me here.

SAM. JONES,Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, January 3, 1863.

General HUMPHREY MARSHALL:

Information is received that the enemy's cavalry remained all day yesterday at Kingsport. I have no cavalry, and am wholly dependent upon your efforts for keeping up the pursuit of them until driven across the mountains.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., January 3, 1863.

General SAMUEL JONES:

Six regiments of infantry, under General Baird, left Nicholasville for Cumberland Gap. The cavalry force, under General Carter [1,500], after destroying bridges, were to co-operate on this side of gap with Baird's. I have about 2,000 effectives at the gap. Bragg has my cavalry, and the department is stripped of troops for the Mississippi and Middle Tennessee armies. Direct your cavalry to push Carter till he has been driven across the mountain. Can you spare any troops to co-operate with the command at Cumberland Gap? I have none to re-enforce with. The guards at the bridges are no stronger than under your administra-

