
ATHENS, TENN., January 8, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

DEAR SIR: From all I know and hear, it seems to me that the public service would be best served by the transfer of General Marshall to some other line. I would incline to think that he would wish to change his position, but have no knowledge. There exists in this column of the army a dissatisfaction and want of confidence which is hurtful to the service. I think it probable that the State of Virginia, as well as the Confederate Government, would unite in some measure to turn over General Floyd's command to its proper position in the Confederate line. if this be desirable, and can be done, the command of General Floyd being posted as to the topography of the country, and deeply interested in its protection, would do the best service, or at least inspire the most confidence. It is with much diffidence that I enter upon these suggestions, referring the matter to your better judgment.

Very truly, yours,

R. HAWES.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Numbers 3. Winchester, Tenn., January 8, 1863.

* * * * * * *

II. General officers, on being relieved, will direct all general staff officers serving with them to report immediately to their successors. In no case will they remove them from their positions without special authority. The aides of a general are the only exceptions to this rule.

* * * * * * *

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., January 8, 1863.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Winchester, Tenn.:

Sorry can't help you. My forces for all this department less than half of effective at Shiloh first day, and this coast is threatened by overwhelming force. Can you send me some rifled or Napoleon captured guns?

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin Depot, January 8, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: Brigadier-General Marshall reports that he followed the cavalry that recently burned the bridges in East Tennessee to Jonesville; but the enemy having reached the same place some two hours in advance of him, passed out of Virginia into Kentucky by way of Crank's Gap, some 4 miles beyond Jonesville.

Lieutenant-General Smith informed me, whilst I was at Abingdon, that he had reason to believe that the enemy was moving on Cumber-

