
JACKSON, MISS., January 12, 1863.

General S. COOPER, Richmond:

SIR: General Bragg thinks 20,000 more men necessary to enable him to hold Middle Tennessee. Lieutenant-General Smith's force in East Tennessee is not more than sufficient to prevent raids. Lieutenant-General Pemberton informs me that there are 42,000 artillery and infantry in this department, of which he regards 24,000 absolutely necessary for the immediate defense of Port Hudson and Vicksburg. Grant's army is estimated at 38,000; that which attacked Vicksburg at 30,000, and Banks is supposed to be assembling 25,000 at Baton Rouge. Should a large portion of these forces act upon the river, they may invest our two positions, which would fall in the course of time, unless we have an active army break the investment. The condition of the country, and the breaking of railroads by our cavalry, have compelled Grant to fall back, but we must expect him to advance again as soon as practicable. Should Banks and Sherman move at the same time, we could not oppose such a cambodian with our present forces.

The country will probably be in its present condition for several months; in the mean time Grant may re-enforce Rosecrans.

I make these statements to show how much these three departments need re-enforcement, and to ask if there is any hope of them during the winter.

Lieutenant-General Holmes has informed me that all his forces are required in his own department.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

JACKSON, January 12, 1863.

(Received at Richmond January 13.)

General S. COOPER:

I respectfully suggest that East Tennessee be added to General Bragg's department, and Alabama south of the mountains to Lieutenant-General Pemberton's.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

[Indorsement.]

Has been before the President. Instructions given.

[JANUARY 12-13, 1863.-For Breckinridge, Hardee, and Cleburne to Bragg, in reference to retreat from Murfreesborough, see Part I, pp. 682-684.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Numbers 5. Tullahoma, January 13, 1863.

Information has reached these headquarters that information is daily being given the enemy by persons who are permitted to pass our lines on various and frivolous pretexts. To check this evil as far as far as possible, it is ordered that no passes of any kind be granted beyond our infantry outposts, except at these headquarters.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE W. BENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

