
tection of private property manifested by the troops. Such wanton destruction would be high military offense if committed in the country of an enemy; among our fiends and fellow-citizens it is an unpardonable outrage. Commanding officers will hereafter be held to a strict pecuniary responsibility for all injuries to private property by the troops under the command. The burning of rails is strictly forbidden.

By command of General Patton Anderson:

D. E. HUGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Numbers 9. Tullahoma, January 15, 1863.

* * * * *

VI. The general commanding has heard, from several sources of information, that many soldiers of this army exchanged their arms on the field of battle, thus causing a want of uniformity in the armament of their corps. He therefore directs that corps commanders will immediately institute a rigid inspection of their commands, and take the necessary means to correct this evil. They will, as early as practicable, report to these headquarters the armament of this [their] corps, in order that the ordnance department may be enabled to furnish proper ammunition.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE W. BENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. HARDEE'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENN.,Numbers 26. Tullahoma, Tenn., January 15, 1863.

I. Brigadier General Marcus J. Wright, having reported at these headquarters, pursuant to Paragraph VII, Special orders, Numbers 6, dated Headquarters Army of Tennessee, Tullahoma, Tenn., January 12, 1863, is assigned to duty with Breckinridge's division, and will report to Major-General Breckinridge.

By command of Lieutenant-General hardee:

T. B. ROY,

Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. BRECKINRIDGE'S DIVISION,Numbers 66. Tullahoma, Tenn., January 15, 1863.

* * * * *

II. Brigadier General Marcus J. Wright, having reported at these headquarters, pursuant to Paragraph I, Special Orders, Numbers 26, dated Headquarters Hardee's Corps, Army of Tennessee, Tullahoma, Tenn., January 15, 11863, is assigned to the command of the brigade commanded by Colonel R. P. Trabue.

Colonel Trabue is relieved from the command of the brigade, and will resume command of his regiment (Fourth Kentucky).

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Breckinridge:

T. O'HORA,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

32 R R-VOL XX, PT II

