
their respective corps. As fast as volunteer recruits and conscripts are in hand, and received, they will be reported to and turned over to commanders of corps. He will keep a record of all his orders and instructions in a well-bound book, with which he will be furnished by [the] quartermaster of the army, which book will be, when the service is performed, turned over to these headquarters. He will be allowed to have printed his orders and instructions on public account. He will cause to be apprehended and sent to their respective commands, under guard, all stragglers and men absent from their commands without proper orders, and, for the better execution of this, will invoke the aid of the civil authorities. his orders for transportation of himself and staff, recruiting officers, and recruits and conscripts upon railroads will be respected and obey.

By command of General Braff:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, January 17, 1863.

General S. COOPER, Richmond:

Can conscripts be sent to fill General Bragg's regiments? Those of this State are assigned to General Pemberton, I an told. General Bragg wants them most. Please let them go to him.

J. E. JOHNSTON.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 14. Richmond, Va., January 17, 1863.

* * * * *

XII. Brigadier General D. S. Donelson is assigned to the command of the Department of East, Tennessee, which will hereafter include within its limits the counties of Washington, Russell, Buchanan, Wise, Scott, and Lee, in Virginia. The command of Brigadier General Humphrey Marshall will be considered as embraced within this department.

XIII. Brigadier General henry Heth, now in command of the department of East Tennessee, on being relieved by Brigadier-General Donelson, will repair to Fredericksburg, Va., and report for duty to General R. E. Lee, commanding, &amp;c.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNumbers WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Numbers 7. Tullahoma, January 17, 1863.

I. The previous orders in regard to the assignment of artillery to brigades will be rigidly adhered to as follows:

One battery of four guns to each brigade of infantry, and to the two regular brigades of cavalry, Wheeler's and Wharton's.

Robertson's battery of six guns and Slocomb's of six guns, one in each corps, to be exceptions.

Semple's battery of five guns will be reduced to four. The extra gun will be turned in to the proper department.

The two independent cavalry brigades of Forrest and Morgan will be furnished a six-gun battery each.

