
CORRESPONDENCE, ETC. - UNION.
as deserters may, on their claims as deserters being recognized, be set at liberty, on taking the oath of allegiance and giving bonds with proper security.

2nd. Recruits captured by our troops, being prisoners of war, will be treated as such, and released on taking the oath of allegiance only in special cases.

3rd. Persons not connected with the rebel army, but who are charged with having actively aided or abetted in an invasion of Kentucky by rebel troops within the last three months, will be arrested, and their cases at once reported to you, with the proof in such case, for your decision. As a general rule, such persons should be sent to Camp Chase, instated of Vicksburg, as political prisoners.

4th. In any special cases arising under these orders, and not included in the above, you will exercise your discretion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, November 2, 1862 - 10.10 a.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Bowling Green, Ky.:

When the Cumberland River becomes navigable, you can get a large part of your supplies from Saint Louis. Keep me informed of your movements, and the number and position of your troops; also all you can find out about the enemy.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Bowling Green, Ky., November 2, 1862 - 11 a.m.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in Chief:

Your dispatch received. Will keep you advised. Please send me the nine companies of Anderson Cavalry, raised in Pennsylvania, by the Governor's authority, given to the one company now here. We need them greatly, and shall need them more. As the rebel infantry gets in winter quarters, they will scatter, steal horses, and commence roving the country for living and plunder. We must have cavalry and cavalry arms, and a capable division commander. If possible, give me Stanley.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND

Numbers 2. Bowling Green, November 2, 1862.

J. B. Anderson, esq., is hereby appointed military superintendent of railroads, Department of the Cumberland, Fourteenth Army Corps, and

