
vedette, picked, and grand-guard duty, and for all other officers and men, to all of whom these details of service should be known.

It is often the object of truce to make observations of positions, strength, roads, &amp;c., for the purpose of attack or otherwise; in fact, to gain all the information possible.

No person coming from the enemy with a flag of truce must, therefore, be permitted to advance farther than the outposts or cavalry vedettes.

If a flag of truce approach, it will be halted at the usual distance, faced the way it came; the bearer and escort will keep ranks. A messenger will be promptly dispatched to the nearest officer of picket or grand guard, stating the arrival of the flag and rank of the officer; the officer of the grand guard will immediately send a messenger to these headquarters, stating the road, rank of officer,&c. He will then, with one non-commissioned officer and four men, proceed to the flag; see that it is properly halted and faced, and that these instructions are fully carried out until the arrival of the staff officer from the headquarters, who will take charge and give the necessary directions to the officer of the guard.

If the bearer of the flag of truce have papers only, he will deliver them to an officer of his rank, who will receipt for them and send the bearer on his way back. If the bearer insists on, and can give good reasons for, seeing the commanding general, he will be met outside the lines, or a staff officer of his rank will have him conducted blindfolded to these headquarters.

Only the officer of the flag will be permitted to enter. The others, if they desire to come just inside our lines, will have their camp guarded by the officer of the guard; but such camp will be in a place where no observations can be made.

No conversation whatever relative to the army is permitted on the part of any officer, soldier, or citizen with any of the party of the flag of truce. All belonging to the party shall be treated with the greatest civility and respect. Any violation of these orders will be promptly and rigorously punished.

Refreshments will be offered the command, and forage furnished for animals.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

WAR DEPARTMENT, November 14, 1862.

Gov. ANDREW JOHNSON, Nashville, Tenn.:

Your dispatch of the 4th, about returning troops from Western Virginia to Tennessee, is just received, and I have been to General Halleck with it. He says an order has already been made by which those troops have already moved, or soon will move, to Tennessee.

A. LINCOLN.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, November 14, 1862.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

The railroad is protected by the force left at Bowling Green, a brigade at Munfordville, three regiments along the road, and by stockades

