
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OR TENNESSEE,

Numbers 9 Tullahoma, January 19, 1863.

The examining board established in pursuance of Paragraph III, General Orders, Numbers 80, Adjutant and inspector General's Office, Richmond, October 30, 1862, to examine candidates in the army for appointment as artillery officers for ordnance duty, will meet at Tullahoma, Tuesday 20, January 20, 1863.

The following-named officers will constitute, with Lieutenant Colonel W. Leroy Brown, superintendent, the board of examiners: J. M. Kennard, major artillery and chief of ordnance Hardee's corps; E. B. D. Riley, captain artillery and chief of ordnance Wither's division.

All applicants for appointment will present themselves before the board for examination.

General Orders, Numbers 68, dated Adjutant and inspector General's Office, Richmond, September 17, 1862, will furnish the applicants information in regard to qualifications requisite to pass satisfactory examination.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 2,

Numbers 4. Tullahoma, January 19, 1863.

I. Owing to the great abuses practiced at the general hospitals in granting furloughs, under the provisions of Paragraph IV, General Orders, Numbers 72, dated Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, Richmond, September 29, 1862, the authority to grant such furloughs is suspended until further order, that a thorough inspection and report may be made. no army can exist under such a system so loosely applied.

II. The commandant of the post, or, where there is no regular appointed officer, the senior surgeon, will immediately make a report of all furloughs granted to these headquarters, stating name, rank, company, and regiment in each case, the length of furlough, where permitted to go, and the cause rendering a furlough necessary.

III. The reports will be furnished without delay.

By command of General Bragg:

P. H. THOMASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., January 20, 1863.

Honorable J. E. MOORE and others,

(Care of Honorable T. J. Foster.)

GENTLEMEN: I have received your letters in reference to the exposed condition of north alabama, presented by the Honorable T. J. Foster. In reply, 1 beg to assure you of the sympathy of the Department and of the anxiety to afford you all the protection within its power. An engineer officer has been sent to examine the shoals in the Tennessee River, with a view to placing obstructions at that point if practicable. The Department believes that you have no reason to fear General Grant's movements, as he will probably be fully occupied in Mississippi. The cavalry force you have is sufficient to protect country from raids;

