
CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]*

List of general officers absent and detached from the Army of the Mississippi.

Major General Samuel Jones.-Detached, and ordered to Mississippi to Lieutenant General John C. Pemberton. This division is now commanded by Brigadier General Anderson.

Brigadier General L. M. Walker.-Absent on sick leave. Imputations now rest on this officer, which will cause his case to be placed before the examining board. Application for transfer to Arkansas approved.

Brigadier-General Brown.-Absent. Wounded at Perryville.

Brigadier-General Duncan.-Assigned as chief of staff to commanding general.

Brigadier General B. H. Helm.-Disabled, and assigned to duty as post commander at Chattanooga, Tenn.

Brigadier General W. B. Bate.-Disabled and unfit for field duty. Assigned to duty at Huntsville, Ala.

Brigadier-General Carroll.-Unfit for service. Now before examining board.

Brigadier-General Maxey.-Before examining board.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]
HDQRS. WITHERS' DIVISION, POLK'S ARMY CORPS,ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Tullahoma, Tenn., November 21, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I respectfully recommend for promotion to the rand of brigadier-general E. C. Walthall, colonel of the Twenty-ninth Mississippi Regiment; Z. C. Deas, colonel of the Twenty-second Alabama Regiment; A. M. Manigualt, colonel of the Tenth South Carolina Regiment.

These officers have been connected with this command for many months, and creditably represent their respective States. Bold, energetic, and capable, they have served the country will and proved themselves worthy. In the camp, on the march, and before the enemy they have been tried and not " found wanting." I but discharge a duty in presenting their names for the favorable consideration of the Government.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. WITHERS,

Major-General, &amp;c.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]

List of names submitted for general officers.

For major-general:

D. S. Donelson, brigadier-general, Tennessee.

P. R. Cleburne, brigadier-general, Arkansas.

Donelson is the senior, a graduate of West Point, and much the older man. He is ever devoted to duty, and conspicuously gallant

*See Bragg to Cooper, p. 417.

