HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, November 14, 1862.

His Excellency Gov. J. F. ROBINSON,

Frankfort, Ky.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 12th instant, inclosing a communication from Colonel Erfut, of Carter County, Kentucky, asking that a force be sent into that section to protect it from the depredations of rebel bands, which are infesting that part of the State. As I have already had the honor of informing you, Colonel Cranor, of the Fortieth Ohio Volunteers, who has already served some time in that quarter, has been ordered to Louisa, with two regiments of infantry and a squadron of cavalry, and ought to be there before this time. Besides this force, the detachment of the Sixth Kentucky Cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Munday, lately serving with Major-General Granger, has been ordered to Louisa, to report to Colonel Cranor. This force ought to be sufficient in strength to protect that section of country, though it may be wanting in mounted troops, of which I am sadly deficient. The One hundred and seventeenth Ohio Volunteers have also crossed the river, but it is an utterly raw regiment, and heretofore of little value by itself. Colonel Cranor can make it useful if he needs more force; if not, it will be withdrawn.

Louisa is represented as a good center from which to operate. From there the troops can move south and west, as may be required, and it is a point to which supplies can be readily brought. Should you deem any other arrangement better for the objects to be accomplished, I should be happy to have your views. As soon as I can possibly spare the time, I shall visit you at Frankfurt.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Nashville, November 15, 1862-11.30 p.m.

Colonel W. P. CARLIN, Commanding Illinois Volunteers, Edgefield Junction:

Send two good infantry regiments at 3 a.m. to-morrow in the direction of Clarksville, thence down to the river, to co-operate with an expedition which General Negley will send at the same hour along the banks of the river. The object is to dispose of the guerrillas in that vicinity Strict injunctions will be given to the officers in command not to permit any marauding of injury to non-combatants.

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.

HDQRS. LEFT WING, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

November 15, 1862-l p.m. Colonel J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

SIR: From one of your spies I have just received the following information, which I forward sooner than he can reach you. He states that he has just returned from Lebanon; has been as far as Baird's Mills, 7 miles,

