
on the Murfreesborough road; that Morgan has a station at Baird's Mills of 300 to 500 men and two small guns, but that his headquarters are within 10 miles of Murfreesborough; that they keep no force at Lebanon, for fear of being surrounded and cut off by our force here or at Hartsville, that they therefore dash in and out, but do not remain; that the forces at Murfreesborough are under the command of Breckinridge; that they do not exceed 8,000; that they are increasing their force by bringing in 300 to 500 men per day with two small locomotives, with which they make two or three trips daily; that they are fortifying ostensibly, but without any intention of fighting there; that the stand is to be made at McMinnville or Chattanooga; that they still have all their flour, bacon, coffee, and sugar there, which it will yet take two or three days more to remove; and that they will make strong demonstrations in order to check our advance; that they are removing as rapidly as possible, their stores and heavy guns. He objects very strongly to having his name written down, and I refrain, expecting you will very shortly see him. I regard the information as by far the most intelligent and reliable I have received.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. - I have yet heard nothing from the expedition which I sent promptly to Lebanon this morning, but know from the inclosed information that it must be fruitless.
HDQRS. LEFT WING, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,November 15, 1862-% p.m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding the Center:

GENERAL: I have not yet heard from my expedition sent to Lebanon, but from information subsequently obtained from a most reliable person employed for that purpose, I know that it will be fruitless. The messenger has been trough Lebanon to Baird's Mills, 7 miles from Lebanon, on the Murfreesborough road. He states that the rebels keep no force at Lebanon, for fear of their being cut off by our forces here or at Hartsville; that they dash in and out, but do not remain; that Morgan has a station at Bair's Mills of 300 to 500 men and two small guns, but that his headquarters are within 10 miles of Murfreesborough; that they have at Murfreesborough not to exceed 8,000 men, under Breckinridge, which is being increased daily by 300 to 500 men brought on railroad by two small locomotives, making two or three trips each day; that they are busily fortifying, but without any intention of fighting there; the stand is to be made at McMinnville or Chattanooga; that they are as fast as possible moving their supplies and heavy guns; that all their bacon, flour, coffee, and sugar are still there, and that they cannot move them for several days yet. They will, therefore, make strong demonstrations to check an advance and gain time. This information I believe to be the most intelligent and reliable I have yet obtained. I therefore communicate it to you, as I have also done to General Rosecrans.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.

