HEADQUARTERS POST COMMANDANT,Nashville, Tenn., November 16, 1862.

Colonel J. P. GARESCHE,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: i respectfully submit the following information, from apparently reliable sources:

Bragg was at Tullahoma on Thursday last;

Cheatham's and Buckner's divisions at Tullahoma and Estill Spring. Winter quarters, which were being erected at Estill Springs, discontinued. Breckinridge, with about twelve regiments of infantry and a considerable force of cavalry and artillery, at Murfreesborough; Starnes' cavalry at Nolensville.

Hardee and staff seen by my informant in Shelbyville on Friday morning at 9 o'clock; it was reported then to examine the suitableness of Elk Ridge, 9 miles south of Shelbyville, as a military position. The most strenuous efforts continue to be made to procure and press forward supplies for the Confederate army. It is not understood or believed by the people that a stand will be made at Murfreesborough. The apparent intention of the enemy is to protect the safe shipment of their supplies to Chattanooga.

I have the honor to remain, yours, very truly,

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.
HDQRS. LEFT WING, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, November 16, 1862-(a.m.

Col. JOHN KENNETT,Commanding Cavalry Division:

COLONEL: I have just had notice that you have been ordered to report to me. If you have four or five days' supplies for your whole force, at once join me here; if you are not provided with sufficient for your whole command, send me as many men as you can furnish with five days' rations, not dividing regiments. Immediately obtain supplies for the remainder, and, as soon as possible, join me with them, wherever I may be.

General Wood yesterday took possession of Lebanon. He found no enemy there, and, after disabling the mill and descrying the wheat and flour, he returned last evening to camp.

By command of Major-General Crittenden:

LYNE STARLING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 17, 1862-(p.m.

Major-general HALLECK:

News of to-day seems to confirm the impression of mu last, save that some of the rebel generals are of opinion they will try to fight us no the table-lands near Tullahoma. I am

trying to lull them into security, that I do not intend soon to move, until I can get the road fully opened and throw in a couple of millions of rations here. Should the present rain raise the river, it will be of the highest importance to have some gunboats for the Tennessee, for, in that case, I shall throw myself on their right flank and endeavor to make an end of them. Let me entreat you to give us cavalry arms.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

