
Will be obeyed and respected as such. He will receive his orders directly from these headquarters. No officer will presume to give him orders, unless in case of extraordinary emergency, and a special report must be made to these headquarters of reasons therefor. Orders will be given for the movement of trains through him. Strict compliance with these orders will be essential for the successful working of the roads, and for the prevention of accidents. By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

ARTHUR C. DUCAT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Chief of Staff.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, November 3, 1862.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Bowling Green, Ky.:

General Grant has been ordered to send you General Stanley. The Anderson Cavalry will be sent to you as soon as we can get it out of the hands of the Governor of Pennsylvania.

If you can raise another cavalry regiment in Kentucky or Tennessee you are authorized to do so.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

BOWLING GREEN, November 3, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I wish to ask several things essential to the service. It is impossible to give discipline to commissioned officers in a moving army by courtsmartial. I wish authority to muster officers out of flagrant misdemeanors and crimes-such as pillaging, drunkenness, and misbehavior in the presence of the enemy or on guard duty-on order subject to the approval of the President.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,
 DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 3.
 Bowling Green, November 3, 1862.

There will be detailed immediately, from each company of every regiment of infantry in this army, 2 men, who shall be organized as a pioneer or engineer corps attached to its regiment. The 20 men will be selected with great care-half laborers and half mechanics.

The most intelligent and energetic lieutenant in the regiment, with the best knowledge of civil engineering, will be detailed to command, assisted by 2 non-commissioned officers. This officer shall be responsible for all equipage, and shall receipt accordingly. Under certain circumstances, it may be necessary to mass this force. When orders are given for such a movement, they must be promptly obeyed.

