
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, November 17, 1862.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Nashville, Tenn.:

Two thousand five hundred cavalry arms were sent to Louisville for your army. All revolving rifles that can be spared will also be sent. Each army receives its proportion of each kind of arms as fast as they can be procured. This rule must be followed, for we cannot "rob Peter to pay Paul."

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

LOUISVILLE, November 17, 1862.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I am here

where with the residue of mu command-Fifth Tennessee, First and Second Tennessee Cavalry. Second Tennessee has 1,030 men. Colonel Cook's First Tennessee, Colonel Edwards says, 300. The quartermaster here has 1,000 horses; the ordnance officer can equip them all. Both officers will provide their men upon your orders. I am directed by Major-General Wright to report to you. Orders and instructions are desired at once. I wish to move on.

JAMES G. SPEARS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Brigade.

GALLATIN, November 17, 1862.

Colonel J. P. GARESCHE:

Rousseau received his orders to march to Edgefield Junction night before last. He should have been there yesterday, but will be there to-day. Where is the enemy supposed to be, at McMinnville or Chattanooga? If at McMinnville, I am confident nearly his whole force can be captured. Details have been made to cut timber for stockades. After examination, I think the ground near the depot the best point for a field-work. It commands Gallatin, and is near the water-tank and a large well. Wood is not convenient anywhere in the vicinity.

GEO. H. THOMAS, Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Nashville, November 17, 1862.

Major-General THOMAS:

It appears, from information received here, that Chapin's regiment has been sent to Mitchellsville by General granger. Was this by your order? If so, all right. Please report where General Rousseaus's headquarters are. He must be held responsible for the safety of trains passing by his posts.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant General and Chief of Staff.

