HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Gallatin, November 17, 1862.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

General Crittenden informs me that T. J. Wood occupies Lebanon, Tenn., and that one brigade of his occupies Rural Hill. I am disposed to think that if Murfreesborough were attacked a large quantity of supplies might be captured.

By Thursday, Anderson will have the road in operation. With Murfreesborough in our possession, by that time we could commence the advance on McMinnville in the following manner: McCook should march along the railroad to Decherd: thence, with five days' rations, to the road from McMinnville to Dunlap, and turn toward McMinnville, getting in their rear, or remain at Decherd in reserve, to act as circumstances may require. Crittenden march with of divisions by Lebanon, Tenn., Smithville, and Woodbury, and attack the enemy if in McMinnville; the other divisions of Crittenden taking possession of the Sparta road at Rock Island. My corps to march by the Shelbyville, Manchester, and Hillsborough roads, and attack their left, get into their rear by the Manchester and Irving College roads, and by the Winchester and Pikeville roads, and cut off their retreat. Perhaps it would be better for McCook to remain at Decherd, to look out for the enemy from Stevenson or Hunstville, should he be there. I can march from Murfreesborough to Irving College in four days. Crittenden can march from Lebanon, Tenn., to McMinnville in three days, and the division sent to Rock Island can reach it in four days. Crittenden should not, therefore, attack before the fourth day, thereby giving ample time for the other troops to get into position.

The above would be my plan of operations if the enemy is in McMinnville.

THOMAS.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,
 DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

No. 17. Nashville, Tenn., November 17, 1862.

The following regulations are prescribed for foraging parties i this department, and must by strictly observed and enforced:

I. All officers, soldiers, or employes of the Government are, with the exception provided for in Paragraph V of this order, prohibited from foraging for supplies, without written authority from division headquarters, or from the commanding officer of a post or detached brigade or regiment.

II. Foraging parties will, in all cases, be sent out in charge of a commissioned officer, who will be held responsible for the conduct of the guards, teamsters, and others accompanying the train, and will see that no depredations are committed, and that no property is taken, not specified in the permit, and, above all, that no straggling from the command is allowed, straggling being the great source of all marauding.

III. Permits will be furnished in duplicate to the officer procuring the supplies, one copy to abe left with the party of whom the supplies are procured, and one copy to be returned at once to the officer with whom settlement therefor is to be made; both copies to be properly filled out with quantity and description of the articles taken, and to be signed by the officer procuring the supplies.

