
IV. Settlements for supplies procured by foraging parties will, when practicable, be made by the division quartermaster, the quartermaster procuring the supplies accounting to him therefor.

V. When trains or detachments are separated from the division to which they belong, they must in all cases be in charge of, or accompanied by, a quartermaster specially authorized by the general commanding to give certificates in proper form for forage and other supplies procured. Permits for foraging parties will in this case be issued by the commanding officer of the detachment or escort, and settlement for forage procured be made by the quartermaster in charge.

VI. All supplies procured by foraging parties, whether settlement therefor has been made with the owner or not, will be taken up and accounted for on the monthly and quarterly returns in the same manner as other Government property.

VII. When the owner of property, taken for the use of the army by proper authority, is known to be disloyal, or when there is a reasonable doubt as to his loyalty, the following note will be made on the face of the certificate given therefor: " To be settled hereafter in such manner as the Government may direct." When the party of whom supplies are procured is known to be a loyal citizen, payment will be made, or a certificate given in the proper from, without making the above note.

VIII. Officers signing, as well as those using, foraging permits will be held strictly accountable for the enforcements of these regulations.

Any officer who, through neglect, inattention, or inefficiency, permits pillaging, or the entering of private residences by the persons belonging to the foraging parties under his command, or who, having sent out a foraging party, and hearing of the commission of such acts, does not promptly bring the offender to punishment, will, on satisfactory proof thereof, be mustered out of service in disgrace, under General Orders, No. 4, from these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Nashville, Tenn., November 17, 1862.

Brig. Gen. J. T. BOYLE, Louisville, Ky.:

There is every reason to believe that the report about Morgan ia a perfect humbug, as there are troops in that direction who surely have seen or heard of them.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. R. THOMPSON,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, November 17, 1862.

Brig. Gen. J. T. BOYLE,

Comdg. Western District of Kentucky, Louisville, Ky.:

GENERAL: The following dispositions of troops will be made to protect that portion of Kentucky lying west of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad:

Henderson, seven companies Sixty-fifth Indiana Volunteers and four companies Fourth Indiana Cavalry-the two companies of this regi-

