
ment now at Carrollton may be added this command; Smithland, three companies Sixty-fifth Indiana Volunteers; Caseyville, six companies Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry, supported by the Eighty-seventh Illinois Volunteers, now at or in the vicinity of Shawneetown, so long as the regiment remains in that neighborhood; Owensborough, six companies Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry; Hopkinsville, the force now in that vicinity under Colonel Bruce. These forces ought to be ample to secure all that portion of the State from the raids of the enemy, and from the depredations and outrages of guerrillas, and, if kept on the alert, will no doubt prove to be so.

The force at Caseyville, in conjunction with that at Henderson, should operate west of the Tennessee River and southward till it meets the force under Colonel Bruce. The latter ought to break up the bands said to infest the counties of Todd, Christian, and Trigg, and the tier of counties lying north.

On the line of railroad from Louisville to Nashville and its branches are, at Munfordville, one brigade of infantry, one regiment of cavalry, and, I believe, some artillery; Lebanon, one regiment of infantry and a regiment of cavalry, to patrol the country between Lebanon and Columbia; Bowling Green, one brigade of infantry, one battery, and, it is believed, some cavalry; Columbia, one brigade of infantry, one regiment of cavalry, and a battery of artillery. The cavalry regiment last mentioned should be pushed forward to Jamestown, to scour the country in that vicinity, and the regiment referred to as between Lebanon and Columbia sent to the neighborhood of Burkesville for a similar purpose, being replaced by, say, five companies of the Sixth Kentucky Cavalry, now at Louisville.

It is discretionary with you to change regiments, one for another, as the service may require; for instance, it is represented that the Ninth Kentucky Cavalry will be of more service than any other in the vicinity of Cumberland County, and should probably be preferred for that service.

An order has been issued destructing the State of Kentucky, and assigning to you the command of the western district. A copy of the order will be sent you by mail to-day.

I should have remarked that the six companies Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry at Owensborough may with advantage be moved to some point south, say Calhoun, where supplies can be readily furnished; but your knowledge of the localities, and of the loyal or disloyal character of the surrounding counties, will enable you to determine whether it is proper or not [to move] these companies from Owensborough.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, November 17, 1862.

Major-General GORDON GRANGER,

Lexington, Ky.;

It is represented, on reliable authority, that bands composed of deserters from the rebel army are committing depredations in Bath County, and rendering it unsafe for Union men to remain there. Send Munday's cavalry, or some other, into that county to break up all such bands at once. Morgan County is said to be worse infected.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

