
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

No. 20. Cincinnati, Ohio, November 17, 1862.

I. That portion of Kentucky including and lying west of the counties of La Grange, Shelby, Spencer, Washington, Marion, Taylor, Adair, Russell, and Clinton will constitute strict of Western Kentucky, under the command of Brigadier General J. T. Boyle, to whom all reports and returns from troops within the district will be made. Headquarters, Louisville, Ky.

II. The counties of Lewis, Greenup, Carter, Boyd, Lawrence, Johnson, Magoffin, Floyd, and Pike will constitute the District of Eastern Kentucky, under the command of Colonel J. Cranor, Fortieth Ohio Volunteers, to whom all reports will be made. Headquarters in the field.

III. The remainder of the State will constitute the District of Central Kentucky, under Major General Gordon Granger, commanding Army of Kentucky. Headquarters, Lexington, Ky.

IV. The districts being formed for the convenience of command and distribution of duties, the operation of troops will not necessarily be confined to the district in which their posts are located, but will be extended wherever required, without regard to district lines.

V. Reports and returns from district commanders will be made direct to these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Wright:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., November 18, 1862.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Nashville, Tenn.:

Sixteen hundred revolving rifles, all that are now manufactured in the United States, have been purchased, and are now being shipped to go at passenger-train speed to Louisville, and there be subject to your order. Direction has also been given to make the balance of 4,000 as rapidly as they can be made. No effort shall be spared to supply what you ask for, but something is expected from you.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 18, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Daily reports go to show that the rebels have brought up all their available force in this direction, and are uncertain whether they will fight on this or the other side of the Tennessee. Kirby Smith's troops have been coming down. The talk among them is that Breckinridge and Cheatham demand that they should fight in Tennessee, as they will lose their men if they do not. I have written for a pontoon train, and for the regular troops, I think the First Kanawha Division might be wisely sent this way to place us in security in case of the loss of a battle. Captain Morton's estimate for the garrison of this place is 10,000. I wish to leave a part of it here, with a good engineer and artillerist, and an able commander.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

