HDQRS. LEFT WING, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,November 18, 1862-8.30 p.m.

Col. J. P. GARESCHE, Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: The company of cavalry I sent to look after the brigade at Rural Hill have returned, and report that the cannonading of which I sent you notice in my note of this date, at 8.45 a.m.,was at Rural Hill; that the brigade there was attacked by Morgan's cavalry, who dismounted after their first charge and fought as infantry, with artillery; that the fight lasted for about two and one-half hours, but with very slight result. We had no men killed or wounded, but 4 of the Thirteenth Ohio taken prisoners. The enemy had 4 killed that were left dead on the field, and were buried while the cavalry were there; the number wounded unknown.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,November 18, 1862.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Nashville, Tenn.;

I understand the obstructions placed in the Cumberland by the rebels some 50 miles above Smithland can be readily removed, owing to the low stage of water. Have you taken any steps toward it?

If not, I will order Colonel Bruce to do it, as it is nearest his post.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 18, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati, Ohio:

Please order Bruce as you propose. I shall probably need all the troops I can get. I hope the rebels will fight us in Tennessee. There ought to be some reserve in your department at Bowling Green and Glasgow. There are points on the Cumberland to be fortified also. Will telegraph you soon. Advise me of all you learn eastward. Can't you take the First Division of the Kanawha this way?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, November 18, 1862.

Major-General HORATIO G. WRIGHT, Cincinnati:

GENERAL: A Kentucky gentleman has handed me the inclosed newspaper slip,* with the remark that " General Wright is pursuing just the reverse of this policy in Kentucky." I ought also to inform you that a committee of gentleman from the West visited the War Department some days ago to ask your removal, on the ground that you were pursuing "too milk and water a policy toward the rebels in Kentucky." One specification was that you had revoked General Buell's Orders, No. 49.

I have always, whenever it was possible, avoided giving positive instructions to the commanding generals of departments, leaving them the exercise of their own judgment, while giving them my opinion and advice. So in regard to this matter I think a vigorous and strong policy

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

