
should be adopted. Domestic traitors, who seek the overthrow of our

Government, are not entitled to its protection, and should be made to feel its power. I adopted this policy in Saint Louis and Missouri, and found it most beneficial. The hands of Union men were strengthened, and secessionists became Union men from interest, which, after all, is the very strongest lever to apply to them. Those who have encouraged and stirred up rebellion require especial attention. Make them suffer in their persons and property for their crimes and for the sufferings they have caused to others. Great care, however,should be taken to distinguish between the innocent and the guilty, and between those who repent and those who persevere in offense. Let the guilty feel that you have an iron hand; that you know how to apply it when necessary.

Don't be influenced by those old political grannies, who are only half way Union men, and who are ever ready to shield and apologize for traitors. Their policy will soon ruin you and ruin Kentucky.

Very truly, your,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Nicholasville, November 18, 1862.

Lieut. T. G. BEAHAM,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., Headquarters Army of Kentucky:

SIR: I wish to bring the following facts to the notice of the major-general commanding the army. I have this moment received from His Excellency Governor Robinson, of this State, a telegram, of which I inclose a copy,* asking why I had caused the sale of a negro at this place to be prevented, or matter to that effect. In reply, I have stated that I would answer the dispatch by mail through Major-General Granger. This is the object of the present communication.

Having been informed upon Sunday last that the following day would be court day in this place, and having recently learned that court day in Kentucky meant a day not simply for the transaction of legal business, but an occasion where the entire community is accustomed to assemble for purposes of trade, and the public sale of hogs, cattle, and other property-a species of fair, in fact, and having been here too short a time to become acquainted with the community, and to know who were worthy of confidence and who not, I considered that it would be necessary, for military considerations, to prevent this promiscuous concourse of persons within my camp.

The village of Nicholasville is, from necessity, included within the limits of my camp; it is the terminus of the railroad, and depot of our supplies. It contains the only adequate source of water, and is the only place affording facilities for the care of the sick and the custody of those under arrest. I was anxious, at the same time, that the regular legal business of the country should not be disturbed or interfered with, and, after much reflection, I issued General Orders, No. 18, of which I inclose a copy,* believing that it would remove all the difficulties in the case. I had no knowledge at the time that there were negroes or any other species of property to be sold under execution by the sheriff.

Upon the following day, about noon, a staff officer came to me saying that the sheriff wanted to know whether my order was intended to put a stop to the sale of property under execution, but without the slightest

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

