
The wagon attached to the corps shall carry all the tools and the and clothing.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

ARTHUR C. DUCAT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,
 DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 4.

Bowling Green, Ky., November 3, 1862.

The following telegram has been received from the Secretary of War, and is published for the information of this Army:

WASHINGTON, November 3, 1862.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

The authority you ask, promptly to muster-out or dismiss from the service officers, for flagrant misdemeanor and crimes, such as pillaging, drunkenness, and misbehavior before the enemy or on guard duty, is essential to discipline, and you are authorized to exercise it. Report of facts in each case should be immediately forwarded to the Department, in order to prevent improvident restoration.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

The general commanding appeals to both officers and men of this army to aid him in bringing it to a state of discipline at least equal to that of the rebels. He begs them to remember that neglect of official duty, and violation of the rights of individuals, tarnish our national honor, destroy the confidence of people in our justice, and put the greatest obstacles in the way of a speedy termination of this war.

Fully satisfied that all our soldiery demands to make it the best in the world is to have good officers, he earnestly invokes their united exertions to establish a spirit of zeal and emulation in the discharge of official duties. He announces to them that their own honor, the honor and interests of the soldiers, and of the service alike demand the rigorous use of this authority, and that he is determined thus to exercise it. By command of Major General W. S. Rosecrans:

ARTHUR C. DUCAT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Bowling Green, November 3, 1862.

Colonel KENNETT,

Comdg. Cavalry Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you move with your command, with five day's rations, three of them in haversacks, to-morrow morning at 5 o'clock, by this place, Union, Middleton, and Adairville, to Springfield, with five of the regiments. Direct one regiment to take the main pike toward Nashville, and two regiments to take the old Nashville trace by way of the Tyree Springs, following the road up Drake's Creek and halting in the vicinity of Fountain Head, or near the South Tunnel. The west column will halt at Springfield, and push reconnoitering parties upon the different roads south and west, to ascertain the whereabouts of Morgan's or any other rebel forces. You will

