
NASHVILLE, TENN., November 18, 1862.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN:

I hope my telegram of 8th instant, by courier, in regard to ordering Tennessee regiments here, and requesting the appointment of Col. Alvan C. Gillem, of the army, commanding First Middle Tennessee Infantry, as brigadier-general, has been received and favorably acted upon. I understand that William B. Carter, of Tennessee, and others are making an effort to have Brigadier-General Carter made a major-general. It would be much better to send him back to his rank in the Navy. This W. B. Carter procured some &amp;20,000 from the War Department to aid in burning bridges in East Tennessee. Many of the men employed lost their lives and sacrificed large amounts of property. Their families have received not one cent from this fund. This matter should be looked into. I wish we were clear of the whole Carter concern I feel in strong hopes that things will go well in a few days, as we have a man at the head of this army who will fight. I some time ago advised you that Buell would never redeem East Tennessee, and stated substantially what he has since proved himself to be.

ANDREW JOHNSON,

Military Governor of Tennessee.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING,Silver Springs, November 19, 1862.

Col. J. P. GARESCHE, Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: All my command are on the march for Stane's River. I have sent Colonel Minty with his cavalry to Rural Hill (cannonading being again heard in that direction), with instructions to Colonel Hawkins to take his brigade to Stewart's Ford, unless he is in the vicinity of a force which would make it unsafe for him to leave his position, which is said to be a strong one, and that I will be in the same neighborhood with at least a part of my command this evening.

The weather is very threatening. I understand the crossing at Stone's River is very bad, and that a new road will probably have to be constructed before I can get my command across it, which will, in turn, be impracticable by the time my supply trains come up. My train, on its return, will arrive at Gallatin, some time to night. Would it not be better to notify them to come by Nashville or to Pennington's Ferry?

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING,November 19, 1862.

Col. P. B. HAWKINS,

Commanding Fourteenth Brigade:

COLONEL: You will at once move your command, if you deem it safe to do so, to Stewart's Ford. If the crossing be good, and you can find a suitable camp, with good water, forage, and a strong position, stop on the east side of the river. If the crossing is not a good one, or the ground is unsuitable for a camp, move over to the other side, provided you can find a better crossing, and one equally safe, at any other point, cross at it and communicate with me.

