
I will be in the neighborhood of Stewart's Ford, with a part, if not the whole, of my command this evening. If you consider it unsafe to move, you will remain where you are and let me know.

By command of Major-General Crittenden:

LYNE STARLING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. LEFT WING, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In Camp, November 19, 1862-4 p.m.

Col. J. P. GARESCHE, Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: Upon reaching Stone's River I found the troops of Smith's division had crossed with a few of the wagons; the road up the bank very bad, and, finding it impossible to get more over to-night than those of this division, I ordered the other two to camp on the other side.

I will get them over to-morrow.

I am in camp about 1 mile from the Lebanon and Nashville pike and 2 miles above the ford, on the road that leads from a little village called Spring Hill to Stewart's Ford, on Stone's River, and about 2 or 2 1/2 miles from the latter place.

Immediately upon receipt of your dispatch, which left Nashville at 3.15, I sent Captain Mendenhall to ascertain the practicability of the crossing at Pennington's. He could not ascertain with sufficient certainty to act upon it. I should advise that the wagons be sent by Nashville. I will send a party very early in the morning to pennington's to examine the road and ferry, and, if they find them practicable, I think they will have time to intercept the trains before they pass the ferry road.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, November 19, 1862.

Colonel KENNETT, Commanding Cavalry Division:

COLONEL: I have sent Colonel Minty with his regiment to Rural Hill, instructing him to leave men enough to move his camp, which will go with my command and remain with me until further orders. You will remain here for one hour after the rear of my command have passed. You will then call in your company on the Lebanon rod, and all other pickets, and come after the rear of my train to Stone's River. After passing the river, you will at once take your command to Nashville, and report to General Rosecrans. Keep a vigilant rear guard.

By order of Major-General Crittenden:

LYNE STARLING,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS
 DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

No. 19. Nashville, Tenn., November 19, 1862.

To avoid misunderstanding as to the relations between soldiers and citizens, to define the duties of the troops of this command and the rights of others, which they are required to respect, the general commanding directs as follows:

I. All who acknowledge the obligations of citizens of United

