
without taking the necessary paints to inquire into the character of the informants or the truth of the allegations, and as great injustice is thereby done in individual cases, and much suffering frequently occasioned to innocent persons, the following regulations are established, and will hereafter be strictly enforced:

I. All provost-marshals, or officers acting in that capacity, will report to the provost-marshal-general immediately after receiving a prisoner into custody, and also semi-weekly, the names, age, residence, and offenses charged against all prisoners arrested or held in custody by them, together with the names and residences of their accusers, and of the witnesses against them, and the names of the officers who ordered, and of those who made, the arrest.

II. In order to comply with this regulation, provost-marshals are, in all cases, on receiving a prisoner, to exact the above information from those who turn them over for custody, and, unless charges are furnished or they themselves are prepared to furnish them, the prisoners must be released within three day.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, November 19, 1862.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Please inform me what troops you want are now in Kentucky.

I must know, in order to make my dispositions understandingly. I had supposed all now here were to be left, and had arranged accordingly. If Stoke's battery is taken away, it will have to be replaced from Lexington.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, November 19, 1862-10.40 p.m.

Major-General WRIGHT:

I find the rebels concentrating their power to oppose this army. I

want to make sure not only the principal river crossings, as high up as Gainesborough, but to completely cover the railroad. I mean to fortify Carthage and Gainesborough. If I put a garrison of 10,000, asked for by the engineer, in Nashville and about it, and fortify Gallatin and the railroad this side, I may require all my spare forces for the fight. I don't want to "send me the First Kanawha Division. If they don't intend to cross over to the railroad, let them come down here. I can send you General E. A. Paine, and make a large convalescent camp to aid in the defence of Bowling Green. I have now a brigade at Tompkinsville and two at Scottsville, but want them to come down. I think your Kanawha force might spare some.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

