
Bragg commands main body. Rebels believed make stand at Tullahoma. Rebels receiving re-enforcements; fortifying Tullahoma. One division at Murfreesborough. Rosecrans sent a number of rebel women outside lines.

BRUCH.

WASHINGTON, November 20, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati:

GENERAL: Your letter of November 15, in relation to the Blind Asylum at Louisville, is received. It is by no means satisfactory. You were directed to restore that building to the blind, and to occupy other buildings for hospital purposes. You have not obeyed the orders of the War Department. It is expected that these orders will be obeyed without further delay.

Is there any necessity for crowding all the sick and wounded into Louisville? It seems to me that it would be much better to leave at least a part at Bowling Green, Danville, &amp;c. Surgeons, for their own convenience, are usually anxious to concentrate everything in the larger cities. Where there is not a very plain necessity for this they should be overruled.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Nashville, November 20, 1862-2.10 p.m.

General R. S. GRANGER, Bowling Green, Ky.:

The general commanding directs you to prepare a regiment to move down to Mitchellsville to-morrow, to relieve the brigade now there in guarding the stores, loading and unloading them as soon as the trains shall run through to this city, which will probably be within three days. This regiment had better make its camp some 2 miles out of Mitchellsville, where there is said to be plenty of water. Their duty will then be to protect the country around Mitchellsville.

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Nashville, November 20, 1862-2 p.m.

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati:

I will give you Brigadier-General Rousseau for Louisville, if you will send Boyle to Bowling Green. Reason: Rousseau has a predisposition to that species of croup of which Washington died, and fears a winter camp. I would give him Nashville, but think he will suit at Louisville better. Instead of Granger, you will then have Boyle at Bowling Green. I will, with your consent, swell any garrison you may send there by convalescents and officers. The First Kanawha Division is commanded by Crook. They are not needed for defense, and can be returned in the spring, if necessary; as I told you, I do not wish to "send a boy to mill". We must make things sure in front and rear. Those posts must be estab-

