
GALLATIN, November 21, 1862.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I have a regiment stationed at Cage's Ford, on the direct road hence to Lebanon; two regiments at Castalian Springs, half way between this and Hartsville; two regiments and a battery and the regiment of cavalry at Hartsville, strongly posted, with instructions that the cavalry (Second Indiana) be kept well advanced, so as to give timely information to the infantry of all movements of the enemy. Colonel Harlan, commanding the troops advanced toward the east, has been instructed to collect forage and send to this place. I learn this morning that Crittenden's troops have left Silver Springs, and are advanced toward La Vergne. Morgan, the rebel, is at Baird's Mill, and I should think Crittenden might either cut him off and capture him or do him considerable damage.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Nashville, November 21, 1862.

Colonel JOHN KENNETT,

Fourth Ohio Cav., Comdg. Div., Army of the Cumberland:

COLONEL: The general commanding direct you to order out Colonel McCook, Second Indiana Cavalry, and his brigade, on the Hillsborough road to-morrow, to reconnoiter the enemy, with instructions to return by any other road which may seem to him advisable.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE,November 21, 1862.

Colonel JOHN KENNETT,

Commanding Division:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with your order, I marched out the Hillsborough road this morning. I proceeded

10 miles without seeing any enemy, and then returned. Learning that some of their scouts were in the habit of coming down the pike every evening, I left a squadron 6 miles out, with orders to conceal themselves in the woods, and catch them if they could.

There is a quantity of forage on this road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

NASHVILLE, November 21, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati, Ohio:

J. T. Boyle reports the arrival of rebel cavalry, supported by infantry, at Barboursville. The general impression, from the drift of testimony, has been that Kirby Smith's troops came down toward Chattanooga. One

