
promptly open communication with Mitchellsville, and thence by courier lines to Bowling Green. The regiment on the pike halt at Tyree Springs. The two regiments (east column) halting near the South Tunnel, where they can procure water and forage, will open communication with Tyree Springs, and push a scouting party to Gallatin and Henderson; also eastward and beyond to the Scottsville and Gallatin turnpike. Cavalry will thus cover the advance of the First Corps. Direct the columns to picket on the principal roads to the front carefully, and with as much secrecy as possible.

The object of this movement being to cover our advance, and to ascertain the position and whereabouts of the rebel cavalry, with a view, if possible, of striking a blow, your further movements will depend upon circumstances. Should you discover the rebel cavalry in position to be handled effectually, you will do it without waiting for orders. You will also open communication with General McCook's headquarters, and with the commander of his advance division, so as to convey to them any information which ought to affect their movements or demand co-operation. Needful supplies will be obtained from Mitchellsville, or from as near the town as possible; forage you will obtain from the country, observing the standing orders and instructions for the Army of the Ohio.

The general commanding wishes that it should be impressed particularly upon you to have your communications thoroughly and effectually open. Any different disposition of forces, rendered necessary by unforeseen circumstances, you will make and report with the least possible delay.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ARTHUR C. DUCAT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

BOWLING GREEN, November 3, 1862.

Major-General CRITTENDEN:

The general commanding directs that you move your command from Glasgow to Scottsville or in vicinity of Gallatin, with five day's rations, three in haversacks. Camp where there are wood, water, and forage. Having done so, push scouts quietly over toward the east, and ascertain all the information possible of the enemy and the country. With regard to subsistence, leave orders for Smith to halt at Glasgow until stores are supplied them; then to move on. Keep up your communications and supplies. A depot for the latter will be established at or below Mitchellsville.

ARTHUR C. DUCAT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Chief of Staff.

LOUISVILLE, November 3, 1862.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

The rebel Morgan was at Hopkinsville on 31st of October, arresting the Union civil officers to take South. If he has gone, he left Woodward there to do the work. Can you no order [one?] of the regiments you have at Bowling Green to Hopkinsville, and send cavalry after the rebel band?

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

