
at every step with the recognized loyal civil authorities; if I leave all civil matters with such authorities, I am subject to the charge of adopting "a milk and water policy," and my removal is demanded at Washington.

I beg to inclose copies of communications from the commissary-general of prisoners, showing the policy adopted in Washington in regard to prisoners of war who are willing to take the oath of allegiance, and also statements of the action of Brigadier-General Boyle, under General Buell's Orders, No. 49, as modified by me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. - The statements of the action of General Boyle, under General Buell's orders as modified, not having been yet received here, are not sent as stated. They will be forwarded hereafter.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

OFFICE OF COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., October 25, 1862.

Major-General HORATIO G. WRIGHT,

Commanding Department of the Ohio, Cincinnati, Ohio:

GENERAL: Will you please direct that Richard White an William Phalen, prisoners of war, confined in the Third street prison, Cincinnati,be released on their taking the oath of allegiance?

By order:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,

No. 49. In Camp, October 26, 1862.

I. All recruits for the rebel army captured or arrested by troops of this command will be regarded as prisoners of war, and sent without delay to Vicksburg, and there paroled and left subject to exchange.

II. All persons who have actively aided or abetted in the invasion of Kentucky by rebel troops within the last three months will be immediately arrested and sent to Vicksburg, Miss., and forbidden to return to Kentucky. This order will not be understood as including persons indicted or held by the civil authorities for trial, nor will arrests be made on suspicion or insufficient evidence of guilt.

Brig. Gen. J. T. Boyle is charged with the execution of these orders,

and will give such special instructions as may be found necessary.

By command of Major-General Buell:

JAMES B. FRY,

[Inclosure No. 3.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Louisville, October 30, 1862.

Brig. Gen. J. T. Boyle, Commanding, &amp;c.:

SIR: Paragraph II, of General Orders, No. 49, October 26, was made general in terms intentionally, but it must be executed with caution and

