
discretion. No arrest should be made until proof is submitted to you sufficient to justify it, and the arrest should thereon be made on your special order in each case.

It is intended to get rid of all have actively aided in the invasion, but the order should not be permitted to serve as authority for improper arrests or persecution of persons not guilty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 4.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Louisville, Ky., November 1, 1862.

Brigadier-General BOYLE:

GENERAL: General Orders, No. 49, Headquarters Army of the Ohio, are modified in the following particulars:

1st. Recruits from the rebel army who have delivered themselves up as deserters may, on their claims as deserters being recognized, be set at liberty on taking the oath of allegiance and giving bonds, with proper security.

2nd. Recruits captured by our troops, being prisoners of war, will be treated as such, and released on taking the oath of allegiance, only in special cases.

3rd. Persons not connected with the rebel army, but who are charged with having actively aided or abetted in an invasion of Kentucky by rebel troops within the last three months, will be arrested, and their cases at once reported to you, with the proof in such case, for your decision. As general rule, such persons should be sent to Camp Chase, instead of Vicksburg, as political prisoners.

4th. In any special cases arising under these orders, and not included in the above,you will exercise your discretion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, November 22, 1862-12 m.

Brig. Gen. J. G. TOTTEN:

Can I have an iron pontoon train long enough to cross the Tennessee,

say 700 yards?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, November 22, 1862.

Brig. Gen. G. W. CULLUM,

Chief of Staff, Hdqrs. of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the letter of the General-in-Chief, dated the 20th instant, in which he charges me with not having obeyed the orders of the War Department, transmitted through the headquarters of the army, in not having carried out the instructions relative to restoring to the trustees of the Blind Asylum at Louisville the building which had been taken by the military authorities for army hospital purposes.

