
Hospital, he has failed to give the portion of the order directing him to use such part of the building as is not needed by the patients already there. Ascertaining from this letter that the building had not been vacated, I have to-day directed Inspector-General Van Rensselaer to proceed to Louisville and investigate the whole matter of hospitals at than point; ascertain why the asylum had not been vacated as ordered, and to see that it is vacated without delay.

The asylum building was taken on the recommendation of two medical directors, both army surgeons of high standing in the service. On the receipt of instructions to vacate it, an order to that effect was at once given. Orders were also given to provide accommodations at Cincinnati and elsewhere, in order to make provision for the patients in the asylum building and for such others as could not be received into hospitals already established; and the medical director at Louisville asserts that the asylum could not up to this time be given up without jeopardizing the lives of the patients. I do not, therefore, see what more I could have done without a palpable disregard of the lives or health of the sick and wounded soldiers, a course which I am sure was not intended by either the Secretary of War or the General-in-Chief.

The papers referred to in this communication are herewith.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 1.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, November 7, 1862.

Brig. Gen. J. T. BOYLE, Louisville, Ky.:

The War Department disapproves the occupation, the hospital purposes, of the Asylum for the Blind at Louisville, while the Marine Hospital and homes of the secessionists the rebel service can be used for that purpose. Have this use of this building discontinued, and provide accommodations as indicated.

By order of Major-General Wright:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

WASHINGTON, November 7, 1862.

General WRIGHT:

The attention of the War Department has been called to the complaint that the Asylum for the Blind, at Louisville, has been taken for hospital purposes, while the Marine Hospital and homes of secessionists, in the rebel service, can be used for that purpose. This must be immediately corrected.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

[Inclosure No. 3.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,No. 111. Cincinnati, Ohio, November 12, 1862.

VII. The quartermaster's department will provide the necessary and suitable hospital accommodations in Cincinnati, and elsewhere in the

