
of the authorities in charge of it, and by the peremptory order of Surgeon Holden, medical director, forbidding me "to interfere with the building or to use it for army service."

In these circumstances, sir, I await the decision of the Secretary of War, for I dare not turn 300 sick into the road to reinstate

a score of pupils before this statement has been laid before him, nor can I believe that such is his intention.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. HEAD,

Surgeon, U. S. Army, Medical Director.

[Inclosure No. 5.]

MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE,

Louisville, Ky., November 17, 1862.

Brig. General J. T. BOYLE,

Commanding, &amp;c., Louisville:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a copy of a letter received at your headquarters from the general commanding Department of the Ohio relating to the occupation of the United States Marine Hospital and other matters relating to the medical department.

I respectfully inclose a copy of a report of my recent proceedings for procuring hospital accommodations for the sick. which report was addressed to the Surgeon-General, for reference to the Secretary of War, and, as I believe, covers all the ground referred to in General Wright's letter, and expresses my views of the various points therein mentioned. A copy of this document has also been sent to the headquarters of the Department of the Ohio.

In answer to the call upon me to report the reasons for requiring the authorities of the Marine Hospital to vacate the building for the purpose of an army hospital, I respectfully refer you to the copy of a telegraphic order, received from your headquarters on the 8th instant, repeating (or transmitting) an order from the Secretary of War.

I have always regarded the Marine Hospital as utterly worthless for the purpose of a hospital, and have presumed that we had no right to touch it, but it seemed to me that the Secretary's order left me no alternative.

In regard to the other class of buildings suggested for hospitals, I respectfully request a list of the houses or buildings in Louisville belonging to disloyal persons in the rebel service, that I may inspect them with the object of ascertaining their adaptedness for hospital purposes.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. HEAD,

Surgeon, U. S. Army, Medical Director.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Nashville, November 22, 1862.

Major-General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Gallatin Commanding Center:

What news from the brigade at Tompkinsville; will the movements just ordered leave that brigade too isolated? If so, suggest what disposition had best be made with reference to it.

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

