
BOWLING GREEN, KY., November 4, 1862 - 7.30 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

General Crittenden's advance ordered to leave Glasgow this morning for Gallatin. His other division will follow. McCook's corps marched hence, via Tyree Springs, on main Nashville pike. The railroad can be used to Mitchellsville, where there will be a temporary depot. The troops will take positions where we can provision them, and succor Nashville until they can open the railroad, the most serious damage to which is caving in of tunnel 6 or 8 miles north of Gallatin. Opening the road will require two weeks. Negley, from Nashville on the 1st, says rebels arriving at Murfreesborough, about 10,000. Other indications show some of Bragg's men are there. Our cavalry are not half armed. The arms are an indispensable necessity, you know. The Anderson Guards, eleven companies of cavalry, from Pennsylvania, ordered here, will arrive in Louisville soon, without any equipments. This, added to our present wants, will make 2,500 breech-loading or revolving arms required immediately. Please let me know how soon I ca have them. My cavalry are the eyes and feet of my army, and will be its providers.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Bowling Green, November 4, 1862.

Major General THOMAS L. CRITTENDEN,

Commanding Second Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you halt Smith at Glasgow until further orders, with a view of marching to Gainsborough. Did you receive dispatch sent late last night by Cave

City and courier line.* Your communication to General Rosecrans has been received. Keep up communication, and inform often of your position, and all the news.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

ARTHUR C. DUCAT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJT. GEN.'S OFFICE,No. 328 Washington, November 4, 1862.

Major General Schuyler Hamilton will proceed to the Department of the Cumberland, and report for orders to Major - General Rosecrans, commanding.

The Quartermaster's Department will furnish General Hamilton transportation for one horse.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* See p.8.

---------------

