
NASHVILLE, November 23, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

Major Larned informs me that he needs $1,000,000 to complete payment to this corps to August 31. Many have been led by lack of pay to temporarily desert, to look after their families. They are poor men, and much in need of money. Officers are without the means of subsistence. Can you not direct the necessary funds to be sent to complete the payment? It would be of incalculable advantage to this command.

Many regiments have received no pay for six months.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, November 23, 1862-2 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Major-General reports that he is must harassed by complaints of Union men in Kentucky of the abduction of their slaves by officers and men of his army; that many of the camps are crowded with worthless negroes, to the great demoralization of the troops, and asks that some definite policy be laid down for his guidance. The subject is an embarrassing one. Can you advise me? I would propose issuing an order prohibiting the residence within camp or garrison limits of persons not belonging to the military service, and that all authorized civil processes shall be served within such limits, without obstruction on the part of the officers and men. This would, I believe, meet the difficulty and still be according to law. I judge, from information recently received, that this subject should be speedily acted upon. Your letters of the 18th and 20th answered by mail.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., November 24, 1862.

Major-General HORATIO G. WRIGHT,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

In regard to treatment of fugitive slaves, I respectfully refer you to the law of Congress of last session, the President's proclamation, and the printed orders of the War Department.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH DIV., FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Mill Creek, Tenn., November 24, 1862.

MajorJOHN A . CAMPBELL,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., Right Wing, Fourteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the following as the results of my observations and the intelligence I have been able to collect since yesterday morning:

The enemy have cavalry force at Nolensville, and a few mounted pickets, always in the saddle, between Nolensville and my front. They also have pickets on all the side roads between Nolensville and the

