
about guarding the road and watching the river, come down. Send as many of Fry's division as you can properly spare, so as to get them down without being in each other's way. The object is to close up.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

ENGINEER'S DEPARTMENT, Washington, November 24, 1862.

[General ROSECRANS:]

Your telegram of 22nd received this morning. There are no pontoons of any kind on hand. A wooden bateau equipage of 700 yards will require over a month to build. An iron-boat equipage decidedly a longer time. What do you say?

JOS. G. TOTTEN.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,
 DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

No. 22. Nashville, Tenn., November 24, 1862.

I. Brigadier General D. S. Stanley having reported for duty, in accordance with the orders of the Secretary of War, is announced as chief of cavalry, and assigned to the command of all the cavalry in this department.

II. Lieut. Col. W. P. Hepburn, second Iowa Cavalry, is relieved from duty as acting judge-advocate, and announced as inspector of cavalry on the staff of the general commanding. He will report for duty to Lieut. Col. A. C. Ducat, assistant inspector-general of this army.

III. Major Ralston Skinner, having been appointed by the President judge-advocate for this army, is announced as such, and will be respected accordingly.

IV. Col. James Barnett, First Ohio Light Artillery, being the senior officer of that arm in this corps d'armee, is announced as chief of artillery, and will report for duty at department headquarters.

By command of Major_general Rosecrans:

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, November 24, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your two letters of the 12th ultimo,* calling my attention to the reported unauthorized and illegal conduct of the provost-marshals of the State of Kentucky.

Copies of these letters were at first referred to the Governor of Kentucky, who, it was stated by Mr. Speed, had the facts in relation to the exactions of the provost-marshals. No reply being received, the letters were then referred to Brig. Gen. J. T. Boyle, who was specially charged with the supervision of matters in Kentucky not purely military. His report on the subject, also that of Colonel Henry Dent, provost-marshal-general of the State of Kentucky, are herewith.

I believe, with General Boyle, that the provost-marshals of Kentucky have performed their duties as well as was to be expected of men not

---------------

* See Series III.

---------------

