
&lt;P&gt;

Captain Seabrook, and commissary, Captain Dick; as also Captain Love, commissary of the Sixth Regiment, who acted as my aide when placed in charge of the brigade and continued with me during the battle. Captain Love was wounded and the other aides had their horses shot.

My officers did their duty promptly and very efficiently, encouraging and leading their men and carrying out my orders with intelligence and spirit. To them I attribute the prompt obedience which rendered success certain.

I must also say that I received most intelligent and ready assistance at all times from the officers commanding regiments fighting with us.

We passed in our march through two abatis of fallen timber, over four camps, and artillery twice, driving the enemy from three pieces. We never fought twice in the same place nor five minutes in one place, and, steadily on the advance, were under fire from 3 p. m. to 7.40 p. m. The service we did will be evidenced by our list of killed and wounded; and I would remark that, although fighting within 100 yards nearly the whole time, there was a remarkable disproportion of killed to wounded, the enemy's aim being disconcerted by our steady advance.

In my two color companies, out of 80 men who entered 40 were killed and wounded, and out of 11 in the color guard 10 were shot down, and my colors, pierced by nine balls, passed through four hands without touching the ground.

Captain Colclough's company, which had been deployed early in the fight to feel the enemy to our left and front, after remaining on the railroad met and took prisoners two companies of the enemy who had been on picket, and with his company - aggregate, 47 - took 1 captain, 5 lieutenants, and 133 privates with Enfield rifles in their hands.

Although I may not notice particular instances of gallantry where all did their duty, yet to my gallant wounded and lamented dead I must add a tribute. The wounded gave no groans of anguish as the fatal blow was received, and instead of asking to be carried from the field encouraged their comrades to press on. The dying fell with their faces to the foe, all seeming actuated by a spirit like that of the noble Captain Carpenter, who advanced by my colors until his gallant little band of 28 dwindled to 12 and ever in their front, when the fatal ball pierced his company and, in words fit to be the last of a dying hero and patriot, said, "Boys, I am killed, but you press on!" then yielded up his spirit to the cause.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. JENKINS,

Colonel Palmetto Sharpshooters.

Captain R. P. CRITTENDEN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigade, Second Division.

No. 105. Report of Colonel George B. Anderson,

Fourth North Carolina Infantry, commanding Special Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS SPECIAL BRIGADE, June 5, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken in the action of May 31 by the brigade which from the

Reprinted 1985 by Historical Times, Inc.

Distributed by Broadtoot Publishing Company

Historical Times, Inc.

Morningside House

THE REPUBLICATION, in its entirety, of the War of the Rebellion:

Official Records of the Union and Confederate Armies, is a service

project undertaken by the National Historical Society in the interest of libraries and scholars who have long needed a reissue of this indispensable work. Each of the 138 volumes is published in full, including the Index, and all are heavily bound in buckram for long and continued use. This and other volumes of the set are available only from the National Historical Society.

ISBN 0-918678-O7-2

LC Numbers 72 -176712

NHS

Copyright c 1971 by

THE NATIONAL HISTORICAL SOCIETY

Harrisburg, PA 17105

Printed on 45 lb. Glatfelter Acid-Free.

Paper by Edwards Brothers, Ann Arbor, MI 48106

The National Historical Society seeks to expand and enrich knowledge of the American past and trough its programs and services, to bring its members a fuller appreciation and deeper understanding of the people and events that came together to create the great history that is our heritage.

