
shals had made assessments against the citizens of their respective counties, that Confederates, on occupying these counties, stripped them (the marshals) of everything they could find. Under these circumstances, I did not enforce the order requiring them to deposit the money they had obtained from the citizens.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

HENRY DENT,

Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General.

[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS,Louisville, November 19, 1862.

The letter of explanation of Colonel Dent states the matter fully. I do not believe the grounds of complaint are well founded, except as to fees charged by provost-marshals. That evil was corrected long since by dismissal of the officers. Complaints have been made by over-zealous Union men that the marshals did not do their duty in arresting the domestic traitors, &amp;c., and the weak-back Union men, looking for rebel protection when the rebels should be in the ascendant, complained that they arrested too many, and indiscriminately. I believe they did their duty about as well as any men who could have been selected. If they had been more vigorous, the number of rebel recruits would have been much less in the State.

Respectfully,

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Louisville, November 20, 1862.

I think Mr. Speed's information incorrect. I have heard of no such cases. The marshals charged fees for administering oaths and taking bonds, which was done to defray expenses of the volunteer guards.

This practice was disapprove, and Colonel Dent ordered to dismiss all concerned in it. The charging of fees by the marshals was done at the instance of staunch Union men in the counties where the marshals acted, to defray expenses of subsisting the guards. Colonel Dent's letter of explanation states the whole matter fully. Respectfully, &c.,J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, November 24, 1862-9.45 p.m.

Brig. General JOSEPH G. TOTTEN:

The wooden pontoons always get leaky, and can never be repaired in reasonable time for use. The iron are much better, if properly made. We should have the train at once.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

ENGINEER'S DEPARTMENT, November 25, 1862.

Respectfully transmitted to the General-in-Chief, for his information and action.

Shall General Rosecrans be supplied with a pontoon train of 700 yards?

Its cost will be about $---- (not known), if made of wood.

