
oners, to be used in making exchanges; and in sending prisoners to Camp Chase, you must be careful to send with them the written evidence of their disloyalty, and whatever other charges may exist against them.

In regard to the arms furnished for your regiment, I have to say that they were supplied on the requisition of the Governor of Kentucky, and that I know nothing of their quality. It is next to impossible at this time to get such as you desire to have, owing to their scarcity, but as soon as your regiment is full, and mustered into the United States service, which I understand is not the case now, I will do all I can to procure for you an efficient arm, in the place of those you now have. At present the few on hand here are of the most indifferent quality. I am depending very much upon you for the protection of your portion of the State, and hope, in connection with Colonel Cranor, you will be able to break up all the guerrilla bands on both sides of the Big Sandy River. Fill up your regiment as rapidly as you can. I design keeping you in your section of the State for its protection.

It is possible for you, now that Humphrey Marshall has been withdrawn from Abingdon, to make a dash on that vicinity and break up the railroad seriously, by burning bridges, &amp;c.? It would be an

important enterprise, and as it is only 45 miles from the gap, I should think it possible with your hardy men. Let me hear from you frequently.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, November 26, 1862.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

General Buell had a large pontoon train. What has become of that, and why is another required? A new one cannot be made and sent to you in less than six or eight weeks.

G. W. CULLUM,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 26, 1862-6.30 p.m.

Brig. Gen. G. W. CULLUM, Chief of Staff:

So far as I can learn, the India rubbers are with Grant. The wooden pontoons were destroyed by his order, to keep them from falling into the hands of the enemy. I am told they were so leaky they were of no use without a very large amount of calking. That we ought to have such a train is evident, for when we do move I don't want to stop and tinker, and give the enemy time to get up expeditions against our lines of communication. Had I the double-canvas paulins, and some light, well-made frames, such as Colonel Buchanan invented, I could do all the rest here; but I cannot spare time to get them up myself. Please examine into this.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

