
NASHVILLE, TENN., November 26, 1862-11 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I have the honor to forward the following information, which I consider accurate and reliable:

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 26, 1862.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I have the honor to transmit to you the following military information from a reliable source: Breckinridge's, Cheatham's, and Withers' divisions at Murfreesborough on the 25th instant. A portion of Kirby Smith's command at Winchester. Two thousand of his command were left at Cumberland Gap; the remainder all ordered to Murfreesborough and Tullahoma. The last detachment passed trough Chattanooga on the evening of the 20th instant. Buckner's command expected at Franklin; Colonel Wharton's Texan brigade at nolensville; Forrest between La Vergne and Murfreesborough, Bragg at Murfreesborough; Morgan at Lebanon on the 24th instant; General Preston Smith sick at Chattanooga; Colonel Heiman dead. Price's army currently reported as coming to Murfreesborough, via Columbus, Atlanta, and Chattanooga. Hindman's forces coming into Mississippi. Bridge over the Tennessee River completed on south of island and half done on the north side. Running cars down on incline into flats, and towing them to the north side by steamboats. Accumulating commissary stores at Rome, Ga. Manufacturing military clothing in large quantities at Huntsville, Ala. Have procured and driven from Tennessee an immense number of hogs and cattle. Have cavalry scouring the country in all directions in search of supplies. Are even taking partly tanned leather from the vats. Army suffering for clothing. Thirty-eight thousand troops passed over the road from Chattanooga, exclusive of Breckinridge's and Kirby Smith's commands. Federal troops reported as having taken Pollard, on the railroad between Pensacola and Mobile. Bragg lost 10,000 men in the kentucky campaign. Brought away but a limited amount of supplies.

I have the honor to remain, very truly, your,

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Brigadier-general.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

RUSSELLVILLE, November 26, 1862.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

From scout I made to Clarksville I am satisfied there is a rebel force of Buckner's command near that point. Captain James Burnman, of Buckner;s staff, is now here, prisoner. he was captured only 5 miles above Clarksville, south of Cumberland River. They may intend to make their way into Southern Kentucky. It would be well to look into the facts.

S. D. BRUCE,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Nashville, November 26, 1862-9.50 p.m.

Colonel BRUCE,

Commanding Officer, Russellville:

You can retain the Forth Kentucky till the rebel cavalry, reported by you, are captured or run back. Telegraph this to general Boyle. Every effort being made to head off these rascals.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

