
SEPTEMBER 2, 1863.- Skirmish near Oak Shade, Va.

Reports of Captain Patrick Kane, Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HDQRS. THIRTEENTH REGIMENT PA. CAVALRY,September 5, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a note from division headquarters relative to information concerning the disturbance on picket post near Oak Shade, Va., on the night of September 2, 1863.

In reply I would state my command relieved the Tenth New York Cavalry on picket duty at the aforesaid place on September 1, 1863. I established my posts at the same localities as the regiments were that preceded me. Everything passed off quietly until the night of September 1, 1863, when the disturbance occurred alluded to in your note. In reply to the information required on that subject, I have the honor to transmit to you a written statement of Captain W. B. Griffith, officer in charge of said post when attacked by the enemy, also the substance of testimony given before me of the enlisted men doing duty on that post at the time of the attack. The statements of the men were given under a personal examination made by me this morning and are as follows:

We were on the picket post and were on duty all the time. Were attacked by the enemy about 10 p. m. Were attacked from three different points, viz, right and left flanks and rear. Had a vedette post of 3 men outside the reserve post. They gave the reserve no alarm of the approaching enemy, until the reserve was fired upon by said enemy. Think the reserve was surprised. Vedettes on duty at the time the attack was made mounted and dismounted. All the men on post were awake and horses saddled and bridled at the time of attack. Attacking party about 80 or 100.l The enemy retired across the river - opposite side. Our loss, 1 man wounded, 1 horse wounded, not captured. Captured by the enemy, 13 government and 2 private horses (property of Captain W. B. Griffith); also 13 complete sets of horse equipments; also 7 revolvers and 7 sabers and belts; also 1 enlisted man captured.

From a personal examination of the scene of occurrence, together with the above statements, I am induced to believe that if proper vigilance had been exercised by the officer and men of said post, the disturbance, so much to be regretted, and the loss of property, to be so greatly deplored, would not have occurred.

I have the honor, sir, to remain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

P. KANE,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain WALSTEIN PHILLIPS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRTEENTH REGIMENT PA. VOL CAV.,September 6, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to reply to a note making inquiry as to the disposition of the reserve which was under my immediate command at the time the attack was made on the picket post near Oak Shade, Va., on the night of September 2, 1863.

In reply I would state that my entire command consisted of 195 men, with whom I picketed the aforesaid locality. This force was distributed as follows: At Utz's Ford, Lieutenant Roberts and 38

