
pany K - was supposed to have left us, and he was next heard of in Washington. He has since returned to his company, and states that he fell asleep by the side of the road, and when he was awakened the trains were gone. This was the only straggler during the march. We made but little progress during the night, being delayed by teams ahead and by bad roads. About midnight we parked the trains in a field and stopped to feed and rest. Ar daylight we were again ready to move, but were delayed for the cavalry trains to pass us, thus bringing us in the rear of all the trains. The movement of the trains was so slow that I rode some miles ahead to Bull Run. Here I found the Crossing bad and the teams of the Sixth Corps crossing very slowing.

I consulted with General Buford, and determined, as soon as I could get the head of my train up to the point where there was a road turning off for Wolf Run Shoals, to go down by that road and cross Bull Run at that point, although the distance was probably 7 or 8 miles farther;but I should have a clear road, as the Third Corps trains had gone from Brentsville there and crossed at that point.

General Buford intimated to me that it was very doubtful if he should be able to protect the trains, as the enemy were pressing him heavily. I requested him, if he found he could not protect the trains, to notify me in time, that I might destroy them. He thought he might not be able to do so.

About 5 p.m., by parking some of the cavalry wagons ahead of us and turning others out of the road, the head of our trains reached the road turning to the right, and turned down it toward Bacon Race Church. About the same time I rode back a short distance to General Buford, and requested him, if he could not give me time to destroy the trains, to give me notice id it should be necessary to abandon them and I would try to save my men and teams, and that I would be at the rear of my train to receive his orders. This he said he would try to do. As the head of our train turned to the right a determined attack was made by the enemy upon General Buford, near our left and rear, but he succeeded in repulsing the enemy with his battery. In this attack I was informed General Buford lost about 200 men.

Soon after dark we commenced crossing Cedar Run. The ascent on the other side was bad, with short turns, and a rocky precipice below. Here we were delayed some three hours, and lost several boats by upsetting down the rocks and by teams giving out and becoming unable to haul them. They were all burned.

While delayed at this point I sent back to General Buford for an escort of cavalry, and he very kindly sent me two squadrons. We reached Wolf Run Shoals about midnight with the head of our train, and here we were obliged to build large fires to be able to find a circuitous ford and to reach the outlet on the opposite side. The hill on the opposite side was steep, long, and rocky, but the road-bed was hard, and, by driving slowly and letting the animals rest often, they were able to haul the loads up the hill. About 3 a.m. we had everything safely across and closed up on the road.

We reached the Fairfax Station about 9 a.m. on Friday, the 16th instant, parked our trains, unharnessed and fed our animals. Thus for six days our men had been almost constantly at work or marching day and night, with but little opportunity for rest or sleep, and few of the animals had been out of harness during that time.

The behavior of the men during the whole of this march was ad-

