
of damaged and surplus wagons, I hope to be able to send down by Lieutenant Templeton by to-morrow.

This report is longer than I could wish, but it covers our movements for many days and a large amount of work, and I could not well make it shorter and give you a clear explanation of our operations.

Very respectfully,

I. SPAULDING,

Lieutenant Colonel 50th New York Vol. Engrs., Commanding Pontoon Train.

Brigadier General H. W. BENHAM,

Commanding Engineer Brigade.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT 50TH NEW YORK VOL. ENGINEERS,Catlett's Station, Va., October 31, 1863.

GENERAL: My last report closed with a history of the operations of this detachment up to the evening of October 23, when we were encamped at Bristoe Station.

On the 24th instant I received orders at 5.15 p. m. to move my trains, via Gainesville, to Warrenton, as soon as possible. The trains were started soon after dark, but at Broad Run we were stopped for several hours by the First Corps trains.

Finding that we were likely to be delayed much longer we returned, crossed the railway northeast of Bristoe, and by making a detour of about a mile and a half reached the Gainesville road about 1 mile from Bristoe. The night was dark and rainy, and the roads very bad. Several wagons were broken in various ways, and some material left on the way.

The head of the train reached Gainesville at about 9 a. m. on the 25th instant, but the rear of the train did not come up until 3 p. m. About the same time the head of the train was started for Warrenton; but when it had gone about half a mile we were ordered to halt there and go into camp. The teams had but little rest since the 10th instant. Much of that time they had been in harness all night as well as all day, and for the previous forty-eight hours they had but one feed. As a consequence they were very much reduced, and some of the teams could barely haul an empty wagon.

On the 26th instant I sent back to Bristoe for forage we had left

there and for material left on the road. We remained in camp near Gainesville until this morning at 7.30 a. m., being occupied during that time in repairing wagons and bridge material, arranging our trains and devoting a little of our time to infantry drill.

Soon after our arrival at Gainesville I was telegraphed from headquarters Army of the Potomac to know the condition of our animals. I answered that it was generally bad; that we could move our trains at a moderate pace over tolerable roads, but if we were required to move for any considerable distance over such roads as that from Bristoe to Gainesville, it would be next to impossible with our then means of transportation. I was then requested to state how many fresh animals would be required to render our trains efficient for a long, force march. I answered 394. During the time we remained at Gainesville we were enabled to obtain full

