
quantity of balks, oars, boat-hooks, anchors, cables, &amp;c. Lieutenant Pollard with 40 men went with this material to Warrenton Junction to load it on the cars.

On Thursday, the 19th instant, Captain McDonald dismantled the two bridges at Kelly's Ford and moved his train to this camp. During the night of the 19th instant Captain Hine moved his bridge up the river to the ford near the railway bridge. On the morning of the 20th instant this bridge was moved about 200 feet nearer the railway. During the afternoon of the 20th instant this bridge was dismantled and all the trains were brought to this camp, except Captain Folwell's, he being left at Rappahannock Station with his company in charge of the upper bridge.

During the whole time we were encamped at Rappahannock Station a great majority of the men were constantly employed in repairing pontoons, wagons, and other material, adding claws to the common balks, lockers in the boats, making new wagon-poles, reaches, &c. In superintending these various branches of our work Major Beers has rendered valuable service. His thorough knowledge of details, combined with a most commendable zeal and faithfulness in the performance of all duties, have been conspicuous, and daily demonstrated his qualities as those of a good and faithful officer.

During the whole of last night and to-day it has rained incessantly, and the prospect is that the roads will become very bad. Every preparation is being made for a forward movement, and we are under orders to be ready to move at short notice. Four of our sick will be sent to Washington to-morrow. The remainder are generally in good condition and ready for any service. Our animals and trains are in fair condition.

Very respectfully,

I. SPAULDING,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Detachment 50th New York Vol. Engrs.

Brigadier General H. W. BENHAM,

Commanding Engineer Brigade.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT 50TH NEW YORK VOL. ENGINEERS,Culpeper Gold Mine Ford, Va., [November 30, 1863.]

GENERAL: My last report from Brandy Station closed with a history of our operations up to the evening of the 21st instant.

Sunday, the 22nd instant, was occupied in making a thorough inspection of the whole detachment, as required by circular and orders from brigade headquarters and headquarters of the army, Major Beers performing the duties of acting assistant inspector general. His report was duly forwarded to Captain Chester.

Having been informed that four bridges would be required over the Rapidan of about six boats each, I made up four trains--two of seven boats and two of eight boats each--with an appropriate amount of bridge material, forage-wagons, &c., thus making each bridge train complete of itself if required to be separated from the others.

On the 23rd instant I sent Lieutenant Langdon forward, with about 30 men and four teams, to build a bridge over Mountain Run, near Stevensburg, there being no way for troops to cross this stream on

