
the Stevensburg road except by a deep ford. As he did not finish his work in time to march with the detachment, and being obliged to return with his wagons to our camp near Brandy Station for forage left there under guard, he rejoined us on the afternoon of the 24th instant, near Madden's.

On the same day I turned over to the battalion of U. S. Engineers trains Nos. 3 and 4 (one of seven and one of eight boats), with all the necessary transportation, and Lieutenant Manger with these trains as quartermaster.

At 4 o'clock on the afternoon of the 23rd instant we left our camp near Brandy Station with our trains, being ordered to move to Stevensburg, on the road toward Culpeper Gold Mine Ford. About 9 p. m. we bivouacked 1 mile below Stevensburg. During the night I sent an officer to report to General Sykes, near Kellysville, with whom I had ben ordered to communicate.

General Sykes directed that I should have my trains at the forks of the road near Madden's at 6 o'clock the next morning, to join the head of his column. At 5.45 on the next morning, the 24th instant, we were at the place designated. I moved the trains about three-fourths of a mile down the road, partially parked them, and, as we were outside our picket line, threw out a force in front to protect them, and then awaited the arrival of troops.

At 6.30 a. m. General Crawford arrived with the head of his division. One regiment was placed in advance of the trains, the remainder of the division in the rear, and the column moved on toward Culpeper Ford via Richardsville. It had commenced raining about the time we started the trains int he morning, and as the day advanced the severity of the storm increased. The distance from where we had spent the night to Culpeper Ford was reported to be 14 miles. The road was generally good, but the surface mud rendered it hard marching for the men, and they were thoroughly drenched.

At about 9 a. m. orders came from General Sykes that the movement was countermanded and the troops were to return to their camps. My trains were countermarched, and when we had the head of the trains some distance past Madden's, on the road toward Stevensburg. I received directions from General Sykes that if I had no other orders I should place my trains inside the picket lines near where the pickets of the Second and Fifth Corps joined. This was done, and we went into camp near Madden's, on the road toward Paoli Mills.

On the 25th instant I returned to headquarters near Brandy Station for orders. Being informed by General Ingalls that hay and grains were to be had at Brandy Station, I hurried back to camp, had eight pontoon wagons unloaded, and sent them to Brandy Station for hay, together with some army wagons for grain. The forage was not at the station when the teams arrived, and they were kept so long waiting for it that they did not return to camp until 3.30 o'clock the next morning.

At 5.15 on the morning of the 26th instant our trains moved out of camp and took the road toward Culpeper Ford. The two trains in charge of battalion of U. S. Engineers fell in behind us at the forks of the road near Madden's. The troops of the Fifth Corps not having arrived, and being outside the picket lines, I had the pieces of the leading company loaded, and proceeded on the road in order to clear the way for Captain Mendell's trains to take the direction of

