
But few wagons have gone forward with the army, and the great majority of the trains are still parked this side of the river.

The U. S. Engineers took up their bridges at Jacobs' and Germanna Fords on the 28th instant, and moved down near the point where they are now in camp.

Before we left Brandy Station Dr. Baum sent 6 of his sick to Washington, instead of 4, as I had expected when writing my report on the 21st instant.

William Marlin, of Company I, of this regiment, died suddenly at our camp near Madden's on the night of the 25th instant, as the surgeon reports, without apparent cause, and there was no time for a post-mortem examination. The next morning I sent his body to his company at Rappahannock Station.

Dr. Baum reports that he has 4 sick men off duty. The remainder of the men are generally in fine condition.

Our animals and teams are in good order.

I believe Captain Folwell is still at Rappahannock Station with his company and train of ten boats, though I have had no means of communication with him since the morning of the 26th instant. I left with him all the animals, forage-wagons, &amp;c., necessary to transport his train whenever his bridge shall be ordered up.

Very respectfully,

L. SPAULDING,

Lieutenant Colonel 50th New York Vol. Engrs., Commanding Detachment.

Brigadier General H. W. BENHAM,

Commanding Engineer Brigade.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT 50TH NEW YORK VOL. ENGINEERS,Rappahannock Station, December 5, 1863.

GENERAL: At the date of my last report (November 30) I hoped by this time to have met the brigade far from this, instead of again sending my report from this place.

November 30 and December 1 were occupied in covering with corduroy one of the roads we had built down the hill at Culpeper Ford. A first-class road was made of it, and it was fortunate this was done before the army commenced recrossing the Rapidan, as nearly all the heavy artillery passed over it, and our own trains moved easily up the hill after the bridges were removed. The wagon teams on the other side of the river and the reserve artillery were moved to this side of the river during the night of the 1st instant. At daylight but two divisions of infantry had recrossed.

We broke camp early on the morning of the 2nd instant, had the teams hitched up, and every preparation made for removing the bridges as son as the army was over.

At 10 a. m., finding that one bridge could pass the troops as fast as they could get to the river, I directed Captain McDonald to remove his bridge. In less than one hour it was dismantled, loaded, and moved up the hill. I had been instructed to call upon the commander of the rear of the column for troops to cover the removal for the last bridge, which I did. This officer (a colonel whose name I do not now remember) very promptly placed a battery on the hill and deployed four regiments of infantry along the foot of the slope.

A few shells were thrown from our battery, but no enemy came

