
in sight of the bridge. One regiment of cavalry remained on the south side of the river while the bridge was being dismantled, and crossed by the ford when the material was nearly all removed.

The order for dismantling Captain Hine's bridge was given at 11.10 a. m., and in forty-five minutes thereafter the last wagon was on its way up the hill. A small number of stragglers came to the bank and were brought over in boats while the bridge was being removed.

Our trains were all collected on the main road near Richardsville soon after noon, but the roads were blocked so full of wagons that we were unable to move for several hours.

About 4.30 p. m. we fell in behind headquarters train and moved on slowly. Double, and sometimes treble, lines of wagons and artillery occupied the road, and delays often occurred in consequence. At 8 p. m. we parked the trains, fed the animals, and bivouacked, waiting for the moon to rise, having come but about 6 miles from Culpeper Ford.

At midnight we again started. Portions of the road were heavy from recent rains, and very much cut up, but having the roads pretty much to ourselves we made very good headway. We had some difficulty and were delayed in getting through a train that had unhitched and fed int he middle of the road, and were also delayed about an hour and a half at Madden's Corners for a division of troops (that was crossing our line) and its batteries to pass. From this point we moved without interruption via Stevensburg to Brandy Station, stopping at Mountain Run to water all the animals, and arriving at Brandy Station at sunrise on the morning of the 3rd instant, having marched about 12 miles since midnight. Some little time was occupied in looking for suitable camp ground, where wood and water could be obtained, when the trains were moved to the point selected, about 1 mile northeast of Brandy Station. Both men and animals came into camp quite fresh and apparently equal to still further exertions if required. As it was supposed we had reached a position likely to be occupied for some time, the day was spent by the men in fitting up their quarters, expecting an undisturbed sleep that night.

In the afternoon the two trains used by the U. S. Engineers at Germanna and Jacobs' Fords were returned to me, and were parked near my camp. Some of the boats were damaged, and the trains were not in good order.

About 7.30 p. m., when many of the men and drivers had gone to bed, I received orders to "move all my trains to the north side of the river at Rappahannock Station; to build another bridge at that point; to hold trains in readiness to build bridges at Beverly and Kelly's Fords at short notice, and to be as expeditious as possible."

In thirty-five minutes from the time the order was given the drivers, the trains commenced hauling out. Before many wagons had started orders came that "the emergency had passed, and that I need not move that night."

In the mean time I had gone to report in person at headquarters, as ordered. After consulting with Captain Michler (acting for Major Duane), and being informed that General Meade thought it best my trains should be moved to this side of the river, and that he desired another bridge built at this point, I determined to come on that night. I therefore returned to our late camp and again started the trains.

