
When we arrived near the river I directed Captain McDonald to turn his trains down the river to the crossing near the ford, send his teams to camp, bivouac his men, and build his bridge at daylight. We reached our old camp, about 1 mile from the river (where I had left Captain Folwell and his company), at midnight, put out the teams and bivouacked for the night. The weather was intensely cold, and the men suffered from insufficient protection.

At 7.30 on the morning of the 4th instant Captain McDonald's bridge was completed. Early in the morning a large force was at work on the trains, putting them in order for instant use.

At 10.15 a. m. I received an order from Major Duane to send a train to Welford's Ford, on Hazel Run, and build a bridge there, and requesting me to state at what hour the bridge would be finished. The distance was about 8 miles. I replied that the train would start in one hour, and the bridge probably be completed at from 2.30 to 3 p. m. I sent Captain Hine with his train, giving him Captain Folwell's animals that had been resting while we were gone to the Rapidan.

Captain Hine writes me that the roads were bad, but that his bridge was completed at 2.55 p. m.

At noon to-day (the 5th instant) I received orders to have a train ready to move to Kelly's Ford at short notice. I directed Company F to be ready, had the harness put on the animals, and sent a telegram to headquarters that the train was all ready except hitching up. Up to this hour (10.30 p. m.) it has not been ordered to move.

I was directed to put the roads in order from this place to Bealeton and to call upon General Sykes for such assistance as I might require, which I did. The Eighty-third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Major Lamont commanding, reported this morning with about 350 men. Twenty wagons were also sent.

I placed Captain McDonald in charge of the work, and it is progressing fairly. Captain McDonald is thoroughly efficient in this department, as in every other in which I have had occasion to place him. Though partially crippled by the wound in his arm he does full duty, and does it more fully and faithfully than any other line officer in my command except, perhaps, Captain Folwell; and not only this, but he has drilled and disciplined his men until they have now the finest appearance and most soldierly bearing of the men of any company in this detachment.

The behavior of our men has been excellent. In fact, since our active operations commenced, nearly two months since, there has been no occasion for serious punishment and rarely for reprimand. The labor performed by our small detachment while on the Rapidan, besides building and maintaining the bridges, was more than I have seen done by any 1,000 men in the same length of time since I have been in the service.

We are now hard at work upon our trains, making them as perfect as possible, and holding them always ready for immediate use.

The surgeon reports 5 men only off duty. The health of the remainder is good. Our animals are also in good condition.

Very respectfully,

L. SPAULDING,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Detachment 50th New York Vol. Engrs.

Brigadier General H. W. BENHAM,

Commanding Engineer Brigade.

64 R R--VOL XXIX, PT I

