
that the course of action indicated has been recognized as a general rule governing officers under like circumstances, and they cannot therefore feel justified in censuring Colonel Simpson or his officers for having failed to pursue a course consonant with their opinions but not demanded by a generally recognized rule, whilst they think it unfortunate that it did not occur to them to resort to it. They entertain no doubt, however, that whatever might have been the action of Colonel Simpson and his officers in this respect, the result would have been the same. The capture was inevitable, from the superior force of the enemy and its success in having selected its positions without hinderance, because of the facilities before alluded to. All the facts and circumstances considered together, the undersigned think that no blame can justly be attached to Colonel Simpson on account of the surprise and capture of Charlestown, Va., on the 18th October last.

There is a feature of this transaction which the undersigned think ought not to be passed without notice. It is a clearly established fact that the rebel forces, commanded by General Imboden, did, on the occasion referred to, shell Charlestown whilst it was occupied by women and children without allowing time for their possible removal from the localities shelled. And it is notorious that the population of Charlestown is composed, almost wholly, of active, or warmly sympathizing, co-laborers and friends of General Imboden in the work of rebellion. And this was done by a general with a force of 2,000 men and six pieces of artillery attacking a force of 450 men with not one piece of artillery. It is irresistibly inferable that the object of the rebel commander was the capture of the force, so greatly inferior to his own, before that force could receive re-enforcements to put it on an equality with his, and so have opportunity for a fair, equal, and manly fight; and that, to the accomplishment of this object, he did not hesitate to sacrifice the safety of the women and children of the--by him and them--claimed Southern Confederacy. In fact, within a short period after the accomplishment of this feat, the entire force of General Imboden retreated rapidly before the charge of Major Cole's battalion of about 300 men, which had come up to Colonel Simpson's relief; and before that battalion and one regiment of infantry (the Thirty-fourth Massachusetts) and one battery of artillery (Miner's), which shortly after came up, all under command of Colonel George D. Wells, commanding First Brigade, and numbering less than 700 men all told, he continued industriously his retreat, with his 2,000 men and six pieces of artillery, for more than 9 miles, and until the pursuing force was recalled.

The loss of Colonel Simpson's regiment at Charlestown was 2 men killed, 2 officers and 7 men wounded, 16 officers and 340 men captured; 4 wagons, 2 ambulances, and 20 horses, together with some arms, and the ammunition on the persons of the men, about 60 rounds each.

There was but a small quantity of quartermaster's or other stores on hand.

WM. P. MAULSBY,

Colonel 1st Maryland P. H. B. Vols., President Court of Inquiry.

FRANK A. ROLFE,

Major First Massachusetts Heavy Artillery.

W. B. CURTIS,

Major Twelfth Regiment West Virginia Volunteer Infantry.

