
was 8 miles above Winchester with 800 men. At half past 5 o'clock on the morning of the 18th, it appears that the enemy simultaneously attacked and drove in the pickets on the different roads about Charlestown, and planted one battery north and one south of the town, and sent (under a flag of truce) a demand for a surrender. This being promptly refused, another flag of truce was immediately sent with directions to remove the women and children from the vicinity of the court-house and jail. A few minutes after this message had been given to the officer who was ordered out to meet the bearer of it, the shelling commenced. It is shown that when the alarm was given by the attack on the picket Colonel Simpson posted his men in the court-house, the jail, and another building, making loop-holes for muskets. The enemy's batteries were so planted behind buildings at a distance of two or three hundred yards that their fire was very effective, while the cannoneers were completely protected from the musketry of Colonel Simpson's force. The first shot fired struck the court-house, and several others followed killing and wounding several men and an officer. Colonel Simpson then ordered the men to evacuate the buildings and form column by company in the street, and ordered all the cavalry force, about 80 men, under Lieutenant Moon, to reconnoiter the roads and find the weak points of the enemy. This officer led his men out on the road leading to Harper's Ferry, and finding the enemy ordered a charge, which would seem to have been improper, and resulted in the killing or capture of all but the lieutenant and 17 men. These returned and reported the fact. Colonel Simpson had meantime learned the force of the enemy and the number of pieces of artillery, and his men, who had been organized but two months and had never been in action before, became panic stricken and could not be kept in line, broke in confusion, destroyed their arms, and were very soon al in the possession of the enemy. Colonel Simpson is stated to have been remarkably cool, and at the head of the column, assisted by his officers, by commands and threats endeavored to rally his men that an orderly retreat might be effected. After several attempts being unsuccessful, the men having scattered in all directions, he with what officers were mounted struck off through the fields and escaped. The opinion expressed by the Court was, that under the circumstances Colonel Simpson should not be held blamable. They state the grounds of their opinion very elaborately, as will be seen on pages 49 to 54 of the record, to which attention is invited. General Kelley forwards the record, stating that he does not concur in the opinion of the Court, but believes that Colonel Simpson was derelict in allowing himself to be surprised, and that he should have maintained himself in his position until the re-enforcements reached him which started from Harper's Ferry as son as the cannonading of the enemy was heard. He therefore recommends that Colonel Simpson be dismissed the service. This recommendation is to concurred in. After a disaster of this kind has occurred, it is much less difficult for a military commander to review the details, and remark what should or what should not have been done, than for a subordinate to have anticipated the strength, position, and design of the enemy, and to successfully have met or withstood their attack. General Kelley simply expressed the opinion that Colonel Simpson was derelict, and should have maintained his position until relieved. If he had made any suggestions or stated any facts which were not presented to the Court for their consideration, or which seem to have been over-

