
with a small party of cavalry, to Winchester to remove our sick, left there at the time of Milroy's retreat. Pursued a small party of rebel cavalry a mile beyond Winchester, capturing 4 of them.

September 15, Captain Jones, of the First New York Cavalry, with 100 men, attacked a party of rebels, 70 strong, at Smithfield, and captured 11 prisoners, with horses and full equipments. Captain Jones was slightly wounded in the hand. No other injury was sustained on our part.

September 16 and 17, scouts were sent up the valley, but returned without discovering any enemy.

September 19, Captain Bailey, of the First New York Cavalry, with 150 men, captured 11 rebel cavalry, fully mounted and equipped; also 2 rebel government wagons, and rebel mail, all at Strasburg. No loss on our side, with the exception of 1 man accidentally killed.

September 22 and 23, scouts sent up the valley, with no other results than the capture of rebel mail at Berryville.

SEPTEMBER 4, 1863.-Skirmish at Petersburg Gap., W. Va.

Extract from "Record of Events," Fifth Brigade, Department of West Virginia.*

September 4, the Twenty-third Regiment Illinois Volunteers, by order of Colonel Mulligan, marched [from Petersburg, W. Va.] toward Moorefield, to re-enforce Major Stephens, commanding a detachment of the First [West] Virginia Volunteers and a section of Mulligan's battery, which were attacked at that place. When the regiment had advanced about 3 miles it was attacked by the enemy in Petersburg Gap. By order of Colonel Mulligan the regiment fell back, and marched to the assistance of Major Stephens via Williamsport.

September 5, about 10 a.m., met Major Stephens and his command encamped near Williamsport, about 12 miles. Encamped for the night and returned next morning.

SEPTEMBER -, 1863.-Attempt to Capture Brigadier General Joseph J. Bartlett, U. S. Army.

Report of Major General J. E. B. Stuart, C. S. Army, commanding cavalry.
HDQRS. SECOND CAV. DIV., ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,September 7, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I organized a party of 12 select men from the division, under Frank Stringfellow, and sent it within the enemy's camp near New Baltimore, where I learned from various sources General Bartlett was so much exposed as to make his capture practicable.

It so far succeeded as to get possession of his headquarters at 1

---------------

*From return for month of September, 1863.

---------------

