
o'clock, at night, the general having saved himself by precipitate flight in his nether garments. The headquarters flag was brought away. No prisoners were attempted to be taken, the party shooting down every one within reach. Some horses breaking loose near headquarters ran through an adjacent regimental camp, causing the greatest commotion, mid firing and yelling, and cries of "Halt!" "Rally!" mingling in wild disorder, and ludicrous stampede which beggars description.

Not a man of the select 12 was touched, though fired on repeatedly. I consider this affair, though only partially successful, as highly creditable to the daring and enterprise of Stringfellow and his band.

Send you the flag by Daingerfield Lewis.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.

GENERAL R. E. LEE.

SEPTEMBER 6, 1863.-Skirmish at Carter's Run, Va.

Report of Brigadier General David McM. Gregg, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,September 6, 1863.

COLONEL: I forward herewith a report of casualties that resulted from an attack of the enemy on the pickets of the First Brigade at Carter's Run, at 10 o'clock this a.m.

At about dark last night an attack was made on the pickets of the Second Brigade on the right of the line on Aestham River; the attack was repulsed without loss.

By reports on file at these headquarters, I find that in the last ten days several captures have been made by the enemy from the brigades of this division.

To-day I have been examining into some of these cases. In some instances the captures have resulted from improper dispositions, and from want of care and vigilance on the part of those responsible for the safety of the parties.

The line of pickets maintained by the Second Brigade on Aestham River is much exposed to attack from the enemy as the river is fordable at almost any point. This line is at such a distance from the main body of the brigade, that even a small force crossing could successfully attack the pickets from the rear.

I forward a communication from Colonel J. B. McIntosh, commanding First Brigade, in which it is represented that there is a force of the enemy near Middleburg, and which he desires to operate against with a portion of his command. The attention of the major-general commanding is asked to the project of Colonel McIntosh.

To-morrow morning I will establish my headquarters at a point half way between the brigades, to facilitate receiving reports and to have a direct superintendence of the pickets of the brigades.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Second Division.

Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,

Chief of Staff, Cavalry Corps.

