
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,September 6, [1863]-9.10 p.m.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Humphreys, chief of staff.

In the attack at Carter's Run, 1 officer and 1 corporal killed, and 5 men captured; 20 horses and 3 mules captured. The officer was Lieutenant Lyon, First Pennsylvania Cavalry.

The cause of this surprise was due to the sentinel leaving his post without firing his piece of giving any alarm; he is in confinement, and charges are preferred against him.

I have directed Colonel McIntosh to go after the rebels at Middleburg and Upperville.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

SEPTEMBER 10-11, 1863.-Scout to Middleburg, Va.

Report of Colonel John B. McIntosh, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, Cavalry Corps.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION,September 12, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on Thursday morning, the 10th instant, I moved with the First Pennsylvania, First Massachusetts, Third Pennsylvania, and Sixth Ohio Regiments of Cavalry, and Battery C, of the Second U. S. Artillery* (4 guns), toward Salem.

When within a mile of Salem I sent Colonel Sargent with his own regiment and the Sixth Ohio, with a section of artillery, to Salem, Rectortown, Rector's Cross-Roads, and to gain a point near Middleburg, where a road leads off to Millville. His orders were to surround each of the above places rapidly as he approached them.

I left Salem to the left, with the Third Pennsylvania and First Pennsylvania Regiments, with a section going by way of White Plains, and approached Middleburg from the south. I then closed in on Middleburg about 5 p.m. of the 10th, but found no enemy. I remained at Middleburg over night. I sent one squadron through Upperville from the detachment under Colonel Sargent, when at Rector's Cross-Roads, which chased a small party of the enemy numbering not over 8 or 10.

I could not hear or see anything of any organized band of the enemy in that section of country. I left Middleburg at 7 o'clock on Friday morning, returning by way of Rectortown and Salem, arriving at camp about 7 p.m.

I am, captain, respectfully,

J. B. McINTOSH,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain WALSTEIN PHILLIPS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*This battery was in the Department of the Gulf. Reference is probably to the Sixth New York Battery.

---------------

