
SEPTEMBER 11, 1863.-Affair at Moorefield, W. Va.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Extract from "Record of Events," Fourth Brigade, Department of West Virginia.

No. 2.-Brigadier General John D. Imboden, C. S. Army, commanding Valley District, including operations September 5-13, and skirmish at Bath September 7.

No. 1. Extract from "Record of Events," Fourth Brigade, Department of West Virginia.*

On the morning of September 11, Major Stephens, with six companies of the First [West] Virginia Infantry and Captain Barr's company of cavalry, were ordered to Moorefield, W. Va., 9 miles distant from Petersburg, by Colonel J. A. Mulligan, commanding Fifth Brigade.

Eight commissioned officers and 135 enlisted men of the First [West] Virginia and 17 men of Captain Barr's cavalry were captured by Captain McNeill's rebel cavalry.

Scouting parties were kept out in the mountains constantly, and succeeded in capturing a number of bushwhackers, together with their arms, accouterments, and numbers of United States horses, which had been stolen by the enemy.

No. 2. Report of Brigadier General John D. Imboden, C. S. Army, commanding Valley District, including operations September 5-13, and skirmish at Bath, September 7.

NEAR BROOK'S GAP,

September 13, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the following operations of detachments of troops from my command during the past week:

1. Captain Burke and Lieutenant Wells, of Gilmor's battalion, being on picket below Newtown on the 6th [5th?] instant, marched their party of 11 men to Winchester, where they were joined by Captain Blackford, who is recruiting in the lower valley, with 15 men, making a total of 3 officers and 26 men. The party proceeded to within 21 miles of Bath and spent Sunday, and that night at 2 o'clock surprised the enemy's camp at Bath, consisting of two companies Colonel Wynkoop's Pennsylvania cavalry, six-months' men. The enemy had about fifteen minutes' notice of their approach and were formed, but Captains Burke and Blackford charged them and had a fight of ten minutes at close quarters.

Captain Hebble and 8 to 10 of his men (Yankees) were killed; a number wounded. Only 2 of our men wounded. Captains Burke and Blackford captured and brought out safely 23 Yankee soldiers and 1 negro. Horses and equipments captured, 50; sabers, 20; pistols, 25. All the Yankee officers, including the major commanding, escaped in the darkness, except Captain Hebble, killed.+

---------------

*From return for September, 1863.

+An error; Captain C. B. Hebble was mustered out.

---------------

