
and to act in concert with the force moving from this point. Take every precaution to prevent accident, and have your detail move promptly, so as to operate with the other.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY J. JOHNSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEPTEMBER 11-13, 1863.-Scouts from Camp Piatt (Fayetteville), W. Va.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel John W. Shaw, Thirty-fourth Ohio Infantry, commanding brigade.

CAMP PIATT, W. VA., September 13, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report with regard to the scouting parties recently sent out from my command as follows:

Lieutenant Boyd, of the Second [West] Virginia Cavalry, with 40 men, scouted as far as Mrs. Cantersbury's, on the Marsh Fork of Coal River. He found no traces of the enemy. He arrested 10 or the citizens ordered to be arrested in your communication of the 8th instant. They will be sent to Charleston to-morrow under guard.

Lieutenant Grover, of the Thirty-fourth [Ohio], scouted 15 miles up Paint Creek; also up Cabin Creek a distance of 8 miles. He found no signs of any rebels.

Lieutenant Donnelly, of the Thirty-fourth Regiment, scouted with 30 men up Witcher's, Kelly's, Smither's, and Hughes' Creeks. He went within 2 miles of Bell Creek, finding no signs of the enemy.

I also sent a sergeant and 10 men to Peytona, who returned to-day and report no enemy.

The sergeant who went up Campbell's Creek, went up 15 miles. He heard from a citizen that two companies of rebels were marching from Lewisburg to Summerville on Tuesday last. Nothing further.

All these parties returned yesterday or to-day.

I have caused Field's, Rush, Witcher's, and Campbell's Creeks to be barricaded thoroughly. Campbell's Creek does not admit of an efficient barricade on account of the width of the bed and the many by-paths leading off from it.

Captain Boyd, who went to Wyoming County about ten days since with 40 men, returned yesterday afternoon. He reports no enemy in that direction, save one company of 100 men at Abb's Valley and about the same number at Princeton; also a force at Saltville, but considerably diminished from what it has been.

He met with no casualties during his absence. He fund very considerable Union sentiment in the mountainous country which he traversed. He brought in some 13 recruits. Thirty or 40 more promised to come in soon as seeding is over.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. SHAW,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain J. L. BOTSFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

