
to the Fredericksburg Railroad. This not meeting the approval of the General-in-Chief, on the 7th of November the army was put in motion to force the passage of the Rappahannock. Major-General Sedwick, in command of the Sixth and Fifth Corps, advanced to Rappahannock Station, where the enemy was entrenched on the north bank of the river. Major-General Sedwick attacked and carried the enemy's works on the north bank, capturing 4 pieces of artillery and some 1,600 prisoners.

Major-General French, commanding the Third, Second, and First Corps, marched to Kelly's Ford, where the advance of the Third Corps gallantly forced the passage at the ford, taking the enemy's works on the other side, and capturing some 400 prisoners. Finding himself surprised and the passage of the river secured, the enemy withdrew during the night. The next day, November 8, the pursuit was begun from Kelly's Ford, but owing to a fog prevailing, preventing Major-General Sedwick from ascertaining whether the enemy had evacuated his front, the column from Kelly's Ford was obliged to move over to the railroad to secure the opening of the river at Rappahannock Station.

The pursuit was continued to Brandy Station, the cavalry proceeding to Culpeper, where it was ascertained the enemy had retired to his old position on the Rapidan. A position was taken up from Kelly's Ford, through Brandy Station to Welford's Ford, and work immediately commenced on the repairs of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad to the Rappahannock. By the 16th of November the road was put in order and the bridge built over the Rappahannock, and by the 19th of November the sidings for a depot at Brandy Station were constructed, and supplies for the use of the army brought up and delivered.

As the subsequent operations of the army were important, and I desire to narrate them in more detail, I shall submit them in a special report.

The casualties occurring in the several affairs herein reported were transmitted to your office at the several times of their occurrence.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army.

NOVEMBER 28, 1863- 7 a. m. (Received 4.30 p. m.)

GENERAL: The army crossed the Rapidan, on the 26th, in three columns at Jacobs' and Germanna Mills and Culpeper Ford; no opposition. Yesterday, the 27th, the army moved in three columns, the Third and Sixth Corps from Jacobs' Mill toward Robertson's Tavern, on the Orange and Fredericksburg turnpike; the Second Corps on the turnpike; the Third and First Corps on the Orange and Fredericksburg plan road.

The Third Corps, Major-General French, encountered the enemy when within 4 miles of Robertson's Tavern. General French had a spirited engagement toward evening, taking some prisoners. General Warren, with the Second Corps, occupied Robertson's Tavern, meeting the enemy at this point. General Gregg's cavalry division, preceding the Fifth Corps, met the enemy on the plank road, and, after

