
pickets to-night. You can see heavy camp-fires, and you can hear the rumbling of artillery and trains, and he thinks your corps should be here by daylight, as they have sufficient infantry to making a crossing against our forces, as we have such a long line to protect. They have now the railroad bridge to cross on.

C. ROSS SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Chief of Staff.

Major-General WARREN,

Second Corps.

Does General Meade wish to add anything to his dispatch of 10 a.m.?

LUDLOW,

Major, Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,September 15, 1863-10 a.m.

The enemy have increased their force at Raccoon Ford. Have opened fire on Buford, who has withdrawn to the woods, but can hold his position. They have also picketed the different fords above with infantry since last night, and have brought down additional batteries to Raccoon and Somerville Fords. General Gregg's loss yesterday was 5 killed and 17 wounded.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General.

General GEORGE G. MEADE.

CULPEPER,

September 15, 1863-9.30 p.m.

General MEADE:

GENERAL: Received the following at 9 p.m.:

MITCHELL'S STATION, [September 15, 1863]-8.35 p.m.

GENERAL: The enemy will probably attempt to drive us back with a heavy force of infantry, unless we are re-enforced. It would be well for your corps to be here to relieve my men, as by constant watching the whole force becomes wearied out. My pickets extend 2 or 3 miles above Robertson's Ford.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General.

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Second Corps.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,September 15, 1863-11.30 p.m.

Dispatch of 10 p.m. received. I believe the enemy want Cedar Mountain, now in my possession. It will give them great advantage in overlooking our movements, and can be obtained by the enemy easily, unless I am supported in the morning. General Gregg has just reported that the enemy's infantry pushed his left very hard late this evening. Your second dispatch received. Shall do my best as long as possible, but again advise that Warren's corps be sent by daylight to secure this position. The enemy will try to gain

8 R R-VOL XXIX, PT I

