
by quickness of movement what he lacks in numbers. There is more energy in their movements than under Lee. Longstreet is probably directing affairs.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major-General MEADE.

ADDENDA.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, ARMY POTOMAC,

No. 28. September 17, 1863.

I. The conduct of the Fourth New York Cavalry yesterday in permitting a squadron of their number to be taken by the enemy, without any effort on their part to prevent it, has deeply mortified the commanding general. It was a high honor to the Fourth New York Cavalry to assign them to the glorious and noble First Division, and to serve with it they must prove themselves worthy to do so. It is therefore directed that this regiment shall not carry a color or guidon until their division commander, Brigadier-General Buford, reports their conduct to be such as to entitle them to that distinction.

II. This order to be read at the head of every regiment of the corps.

By order Major-General Pleasonton:

C. ROSS SMITH,

Chief of Staff.

No. 2. Report of Captain Davis E. Castle, Nineteenth Indiana Infantry, Acting Signal Officer.

GARNETT'S MOUNTAIN, VA., October 1, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following signal duty performed by me and party under my command during the month of September, 1863:

September 12, received orders from chief signal officer, Army of Potomac, to report with party, consisting of Lieutenants Stryker and Clarke, to the major-general commanding Cavalry Corps at Rappahannock Station; there to assume command of signal officers in Cavalry Corps, and accompany same on reconnaissance in force to be made the following day.

The Second Infantry Corps joining cavalry at Rappahannock Station, the forces crossed the river at 7.30 a.m., the 13th. Proper arrangements were made with signal officers in charge at Second Corps before moving, to have communication open, if possible, with Cavalry Corps as it advanced.

The cavalry skirmishers met enemy's pickets some 2 miles south of the Rappahannock. Was ordered forward by major-general commanding cavalry to make a telescopic reconnaissance in his front to find position of enemy's batteries, if any, and strength of enemy.

After giving report of reconnaissance the column moved forward, meeting a large force of the enemy at or near Brandy Station. The enemy being drawn back to and beyond Culpeper Court-House, and

