
officers of their command, were especially commendable for the promptness and vigor with which they obeyed any order, however dangerous.

It is difficult to conceive better behavior than that of the three regiments and their officers, under a heavy artillery fire, where it was impossible to protect the supports of an advancing line.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HORACE BINNEY SARGENT,

Colonel, First Mass. Cav., Commanding Detachment.

Captain NEWHALL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 4. Report of Brigadier General Judson Kilpatrick, U. S. Army, commanding Third Cavalry Division.

STEVENSBURG, VA., September 19, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the part taken by my division in the engagement of the 13th, 14th, and 15th instant:

Having my command massed at Kelly's Ford, evening of 12th instant, received orders from major-general commanding corps to cross at daylight the following [morning], advance a force to Stevensburg, communicate with and from a junction on my right with General Buford, commanding First Division, at Brandy Station. In pursuance with the same I crossed the Rappahannock early the 13th instant, the First Brigade, Colonel H. E. Davies, jr., commanding, in advance; captured the enemy's pickets and forced his reserves toward Stevensburg, to which point I ordered the First Michigan (Lieutenant-Colonel Stagg); then moved on to Brandy Station, where my advance engaged the enemy, forcing him to the ridge west of the station, where he opened with three guns, to which I replied with one section of Lieutenant Counselman's battery. At this time I formed a junction with General Buford, whose advance arrived in field on the right of railroad. Here I received further orders from the commanding general, in pursuance of which I moved to my left, making a detour through the woods and fields, reaching and attacking the enemy on his right and rear near Culpeper.

The enemy here made a determined resistance with a battery of artillery and large force of cavalry. The gallant Colonel Davies, commanding First Brigade, after having shelled the enemy a few moments, ordered the Second New York to charge the enemy's guns. It was gallantly made, and two guns captured and carried triumphantly to the rear, together with the commanding officer of the section and 20 of his men. Their supports rapidly retired. I here ordered General Custer, commanding Second Brigade, who had been rejoined by the First Michigan from Stevensburg, to advance on the left and gain the hills.

At the same time General Custer, at the head of the First Vermont,

