
passed, to the assistance of the Second New York, and gallantly charged the enemy, capturing one gun and many prisoners, gaining the road beyond the town, in conjunction with the Second New York and Fifth New York Regiments, which in the meantime were ordered to charge on the enemy's guns on a wooded hill to south and left of town. It was made most gallantly, but the ground being bad the command became broken, and on gaining the crest of the hill were repulsed, but quickly rallied, and the second effort by Colonel Davies to gain the hill was successful, the enemy retreating to a second position. Here a struggle ensued for the commanding position. The point was gained and bravely held against the impetuous charges of the enemy. General Buford's column now passed to the front. I now moved my command to Pony Mountain, and in obedience to orders bivouacked for the night. On the morning of 14th instant, I moved my command to Somerville Ford, on Rapidan, deployed Sixth Michigan, dismounted, gained the ford under heavy fire from enemy's sharpshooters, and after an artillery duel of one hour was forced to withdraw, but still holding the ford.

On the 15th instant, by a skillful attack, the enemy succeeded in gaining a crossing at Robertson's Ford, with a force of infantry, which Colonel Davies at once drove back, re-occupying the ford.

An hour later the enemy attacked the Sixth Michigan Regiment at Somerville Ford, but was repulsed by Colonel Alger, of the Fifth Michigan Regiment.

For the remainder of the day firing was continued along the line without material result. On the morning of the 16th, was relieved by the Second Corps, and I removed my command to Stevensburg.

The division lost during the three days' fighting 7 killed, 34 wounded, and 17 missing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Third Division.

Captain C. C. SUYDAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

List of Casualties in Third Division, Cavalry Corps, from September 12 to 15, 1863.

Killed. Wounded.

Command.	 Station.	 Offi	 Enli	 Offi	 Enli

 	 cers	 sted	 cers	 sted

 	 	 men	 	 men

First Brigade,	 Brandy Station,	 --	 2	 --	 19

Colonel H. E. Davies,	 Culpeper Court-

jr.	 House, and

 Raccoon Ford

Second Brigade,	 Raccoon Ford	 --	 5	 --	 11

Colonel George Gray

First U. S. Artillery,	 ...............	 --	 --	 --	 4

Battery K

Total	 ...............	 --	 --	 --	 --

Missing.

Command.	 Station.	 Offi	 Enli	 Aggr

 	 cers	 sted	 egat

 	 	 men	 e

First Brigade, Colonel	 Brandy Station,	 1	 9	 32

H. E. Davies, jr.	 Culpeper Court-

 House, and Raccoon

 Ford

Second Brigade, Colonel 	 Raccoon Ford	 1	 5	 22

George Gray

First U. S. Artillery,	 ...................	 --	 --	 4

Battery K

Total	 ...................	 --	 --	 58

