
General Kilpatrick in person, under a heavy fire, and advanced again to the front. At that moment I was on the right of the railroad, and ordering the Second New York to come in on the right of the Fifth.

I rode over and led the Fifth again into the woods. Here we met with General Custer, who was heavily engaged, and did all that men could do to advance. We were, however, overpowered by numbers and the Second New York were flanked and their extreme right driven in. At this juncture the affair looked badly and I feared the command would be driven in. At this juncture the affair looked badly and I feared the command would be driven back, but I brought up the First [West] Virginia Cavalry, the last regiment at my command, which had only the day before been supplied with Spencer's rifles. Hitherto they had not taken any active part in the engagement, and on my call sprang from their horses and, led by Colonel Richmond, rushed into the woods.

This timely re-enforcement changed the event and the rebels were driven back in confusion, followed by my brigade through the woods and across the fields. Here I received orders from the general commanding the division to halt and allow General Buford's command to take the front. From this last position we moved forward to Pony Mountain, where we encamped for the night.

On the morning of the 14th, I moved to the Rapidan, and the battery attacked to my command was engaged with the enemy. They behaved with great gallantry and kept up a heavy fire, but to no purpose, the position of the enemy being too strong, and were finally obliged to retire. The cavalry were not actively engaged, but for some time were under a heavy fire, which they endured with great steadiness. In the evening, pursuant to orders from general headquarters, I withdrew my command to this place and went into camp.

I desire to mention for distinguished gallantry Lieutenant-Colonel Harhaus, Major McIrvin, and Captain Mitchell, Second New York Cavalry, to whom the capture of the enemy's guns is entirely due; Colonel Richmond, of the First [West] Virginia, but for whose brave attack my brigade would have been overpowered, and Lieutenant Counselman, Battery K, First U. S. Artillery, who on every occasion did most effective and gallant service.

I inclose list of killed, wounded, and missing, and remain,

Yours, very respectfully,

H. E. DAVIES, Jr.,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

Captain L. G. ESTES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STEVENSBURG, VA., September 20, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my brigade in the skirmishers on the Rapidan River, from the time of our arrival on that stream until we were relieved by the infantry of the Second Corps:

On the evening of Monday, the 14th instant, I made a camp about 1 1/2 miles back of the river, and was directed by general commanding division to picket Robertson's Ford. This, from all information I could obtain in the country, was pointed out to me as the ford next

