
above Somerville, the latter being held by Second Brigade of this division. I sent a strong picket to this point, and established at once a communication with the right of the Second Brigade, and through the night and the following day, Tuesday, September 15, made every effort to open and establish communication with the left of Brigadier-General Gregg's command.

In the afternoon I learned the position of General Gregg's pickets. His extreme left was not on the river but in rear of Pony Mountain. I also discovered that below the ford I was picketing, and between my position and General Gregg's, there were two other fords unguarded, the upper one also called Robertson's Ford. I immediately sent to this point a battalion of the Second New York Cavalry, commanded by Captain Griggs, with instructions to clear out a few of the enemy who were on the north bank, to connect with General Gregg by patrols, to throw up rifle-pits for his carbines, and hold these fords at all hazards.

In the evening the pickets I had first established were driven back from the river's edge to a crest of hill some 400 yards from the bank, which they successfully held. I should here state that the north bank of the Rapidan, along the line I held, is entirely commanded by the south bank, which rises abruptly from the river to a great height, is thickly wooded at most points, and, from the narrowness of the river, within short carbine range of the other side. I increased the picket at the fort I have first mentioned to a battalion. These dispositions were made during the afternoon and evening of the 15th.

At daylight on the morning of the 16th, I directed that the outposts along the whole line should be pushed to the river and a determined effort made to clear every enemy from the north bank. This was done most successfully by Captain Griggs on my right, who, in a short time, drove every rebel in his front across the river excepting a party stationed at Robertson's house on his extreme right, who had a position he could not take with the force at his command.

At the ford I have first alluded to, the enemy made a determined resistance, and crossing a regiment of infantry made a brisk attack on my lines, and for a few moments it seemed that the battalion there on duty would be driven back. Fortunately, at this moment they were re-enforced by another battalion of the Second New York that had been sent down to relieve them, who, led by Captain Hasty, sprang from their saddles and rushed to the assistance of their comrades. This force sufficed to hold the enemy in check, and word having been sent to my headquarters, boots and saddles sounded, and within five minutes after the alarm was given the brave First [West] Virginia Cavalry, supported by a section of Lieutenant Counselman's battery, was galloping to the scene of conflict.

On reaching the ground they dismounted, formed, deployed as skirmishers, and advanced across the field as well as could be done by any infantry in our service. In less time than I have taken in writing this report, with the assistance of Lieutenant Counselman's guns, the enemy were driven across the ford in confusion. They left 3 dead on the ground, and were seen to bear off many wounded.

From the opposite bank during the day they at intervals opened a fire on our men, which on every occasion, however, was promptly silenced. Twice during the morning they brought artillery into position from commanding points and opened, but were immediately silenced and driven off by Lieutenant Counselman.

