
Just before sunset they succeeded with oxen in getting four guns into position on the summit of the mountain beyond the ford, and opened a heavy fire with shells upon the woods where my reserves were stationed. This was immediately replied to by Lieutenant Counselman, who, with a well-directed shot, blew up one of their limber chests, when they retired. The only result of the shelling was the killing of four of our horses. During the night all was quiet.

I have mentioned that the enemy had retained possession of Robertson's house on my extreme right, and I determined the next morning to drive them from that position. I took a section of artillery to the place before daylight and masked it in the woods; as soon as day broke, by throwing out a line of skirmishers, I drew the enemy from their position, when I opened on them with the guns. Two shells sufficed to drive them over the river and we had the position. From this time until we were relieved by the infantry, all was quiet with the exception of occasional firing across the river.

I would mention for good conduct and gallantry Major Capehart, First [West] Virginia Cavalry, and indeed the whole of his regiment, in which each men endeavored to surpass the other in daring, and Captains Mitchell, Downing, Hasty, and Griggs, Second New York Cavalry, who, against great odds, fought most gallantly. Of Lieutenant Counselman and the men of his command, I would speak in the highest terms, and desire particularly to mention Sergeant Regan and Corporal Bartlett, of the battery, who by their admirable practice with the guns contributed much to our success and challenged the admiration of all who saw the shots they made. Dr. Capehart, and Captains Siebert and Poughkeepsie, of my staff, rendered me most valuable assistance.

Our loss, considering all things, was very slight, but 1 man killed, Sergeant Norton, of Company D, Second New York Cavalry, in whose loss his comrades deplore a brave and gallant soldier, and 6 wounded, but 1 case serious. The men were well handled by their officers and fought most under cover; hence so slight a loss.

Respectfully submitted.

H. E. DAVIS, Jr.,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain L. G. ESTES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 6. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Peter Stagg, First Michigan Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MICHIGAN CAVALRY,In the Field, near Stevensburg, September 19, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with your order of this date, I have the honor to report that my command broke camp near Berea Church at 12 m. on the 12th instant, joining the brigade on the march toward Culpeper, until about 10 o'clock a.m. on the 13th, when I received orders from Brigadier-General Custer, commanding Second Brigade, to take the Stevensburg road, and, if possible, reach that place.

