
I proceeded to within about 1 miles of Stevensburg, where I met a brigade of the enemy's cavalry with a battery of artillery, two guns being posted commanding the road and their force in line of battle.

My skirmishers drove those of the enemy upon their reserves until they approached to within easy pistol shot of the battery, when they were met by a shower of shell and musketry, and obliged to retire with the loss of 1 man wounded. Falling back slowly along the road, I reached a position suitable for defense, checked the enemy, who were in pursuit, and communicated with General Custer, who ordered me to join the brigade at Culpeper, which place was reached in time to join in the pursuit of the rebels from beyond the town.

My regiment charged the slope of Pony Mountain upon a body of the enemy posted behind trees and fences, and succeeded in dispersing them, capturing 2 prisoners and driving them some 2 miles toward Raccoon Ford, until dark, when I returned and bivouacked for the night.

On the morning of the 14th, we reached Somerville Ford, and were ordered to support the second section of Fuller's battery, posted on an eminence to the right of Cedar Run, which was engaging the enemy across the river.

After the battery was obliged to retire from the field, we remained as a support to our dismounted men at the ford until after dark, under a constant fire from the enemy's artillery and sharpshooters, losing 1 man killed.

The next morning (15th) we resumed our position as a reserve to the picket, and withdrew to the woods at 10 p.m.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PETER STAGG,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding First Michigan Cavalry.

Lieutenant J. W. NEWTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 7. Report of Colonel Russell A. Alger, Fifth Michigan Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY,Near Stevensburg, Va., September 19, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report to you the following statement of the part taken by the Fifth Michigan Cavalry from September 12 to 15, inclusive:

September 12, left Berea Church, Va., at 12 m., pursuant to orders from Brigadier-General Custer, and proceeded to near Kelly's Ford, where we arrived at 9 p.m. and bivouacked for the night.

September 13, resumed our march at 6 a.m., crossing the ford, the Fifth Michigan being in advance of brigade. Proceeded about 1 mile, when we were ordered into line of battle. At 10 a.m. resumed our march until within about 3 miles of Culpeper Court-House, when we received orders to dismount and act as skirmishers through a dense piece of woods on our left flank field, filled with the enemy's sharpshooters, which we did and succeeded in driving them and wounding and capturing 1 prisoner. We were then ordered

