
to remount, and proceeded toward Culpeper Court-House, when within about a mile of that place we were again met by a strong force of the enemy, and received orders to dismount and drive them from the field. Skirmishing all the way into town we arrived there at 2 p.m.; passed through, and halted about a mile beyond the town. Resumed the march until 8 p.m., when we bivouacked about 3 miles northeast of Culpeper Court-House.

September 14, resumed the march at 7 a.m. toward Raccoon Ford, VA., arriving near there about 10 a.m., and supporting dismounted skirmishers the rest of the day.

September 15, encamped in piece of woods one-half mile in rear of the ford.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. A. ALGER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant J. W. NEWTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 8. Report of Colonel George Gray, Sixth Michigan Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY,Camp near Stevensburg, Va., September 19, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to orders from brigade headquarters, of this date, requiring a report of the part taken by this regiment, from the 12th to the 15th instant, I have the honor to report that this regiment, being on picket duty on the morning of the 12th instant, on the Rappahannock River, at and in the vicinity of Banks' Ford, was ordered to be in readiness to march at noon of that day, at which hour the regiment reported to brigade headquarters, according to orders.

We arrived in the vicinity of Kelly's Ford that night, where we bivouacked. Early next morning (the 13th) the regiment crossed the river at Kelly's Ford, and about a mile from there formed into line of battle. In this position we remained for about one hour, when the march toward Culpeper Court-House was resumed. Arriving i the vicinity of Culpeper, this regiment was ordered by General Custer to take the advance, and getting view of the enemy's skirmishers, was ordered to drive them from their position. The regiment charged upon the enemy's skirmishers and drove them into the town. In executing this order the regiment was continually fired on both by the enemy's artillery and sharpshooters.

On reaching the edge of the town the regiment was ordered to halt and support the artillery, which was rapidly coming up. Here we remained, exposed to a galling fire from two of the enemy's guns advantageously posted on a high hill nearly in front of our left flank. The men displayed the utmost self-possession and bravery under the fire. Our only loss here was 3 horses killed.

After passing through Culpeper, the regiment made a detour to the left toward Pony Mountain and Stevensburg, but unable to find the enemy in that direction, returned and encamped for the night a short distance south of Culpeper.

