
Next morning, the 14th instant, we marched toward Raccoon Ford, on the Rapidan River, and this regiment was ordered to the right to Somerville Ford. Here the enemy's infantry were found in large force, and strongly intrenched in rifle-pits, completely commanding the ford, and also occupying natural positions of extraordinary strength.

This regiment, being the first to reach the river and the ford, was at once dismounted, when the men were placed in such position as to command and protect the fort on this side. Here they remained all that day and next, and the intervening night, during the day-time constantly engaged in skirmishing with the enemy. The bravery and fortitude of the men of this regiment is almost without parallel in the annals of warfare.

Occupying a road leading along the river's edge to the ford, with scarcely a semblance of protection or cover, the enemy, on the other side, in rifle-pits, and behind natural cover, pouring on them a continual fire of musketry, and their guns from the surrounding heights throwing not only shell, but also grape and canister on my men. Yet here they kept their ground from the forenoon of Monday, the 14th, to nearly day on the morning of the 15th, causing many of the enemy to fall, as could be seen by the eye, and was also well attested by the frequent visits of the enemy's ambulances to their lines. The loss sustained by this regiment on the 14th was 2 men killed and 5 wounded.

About 1 or 2 o'clock in the morning of the 15th instant, the men of this regiment were relieved, and went into camp to the rear, having been on the river bank and at the ford, in the position above mentioned, and under the circumstances above described, more than thirty-six hours.

After dark of the same day, about 8 o'clock in the evening, 100 men of this regiment were again ordered to the ford, where they remained, as in their former position, during the night. This brings the report of the part taken by this regiment down to the time required by the order from brigade headquarters. The subsequent proceedings I should be glad to report if it was proper under that order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE GRAY,

Colonel, Commanding Sixth Michigan Cavalry.

Lieutenant J. W. NEWTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 9. Report of Colonel William D. Mann, Seventh Michigan Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY,Near Stevensburg, Va., September 19, 1863.

SIR: In response to your note just received, I have the honor to report as follows of the part taken by my regiment in the operations from the 12th to 15th instant, inclusive:

On Saturday, 12th instant, I received orders to be ready to move at 12 m., at which time, with the brigade, I took up march for Kelly's ford, where I bivouacked for the night.

