
Early Sunday morning I crossed the river in rear of First Vermont, and took position on right of line formed on crest to south and west of ford. While lying here I received orders to send one squadron up the river to form junction if practicable with General Buford's command. This was successfully accomplished by squadron commanded by Lieutenant R. H. Holmes, meeting only with a few straggling scouts of the enemy's cavalry. From this point with the division marched to near Culpeper, where the enemy were encountered in force.

I received orders to move to the left of the town, and if possible dislodge the enemy, strongly posted with battery in woods on the hill some half mile to left to town, their sharpshooters extending along the thicket on the bank of the creek. I advanced rapidly to the creek, but finding it impossible, from abrupt and miry banks, to cross with horses, I dismounted 100 men with carbines, who, wading and swimming the stream, charged rapidly up the hill toward the battery, the sharpshooters retiring before them. The balance of brigade having already charged through the town, thus gaining the left of their battery, they quickly limbered up and retired toward Stevensburg, pursued some miles by my men. Returning from this with 1 wounded, I rejoined the brigade beyond the town, and late in the day accompanied the expedition to Pony Mountain.

On Monday marched to Rapidan, where, by personal direction of General Kilpatrick, I took position under cover of ridge in support of battery, which position I held until night, when I removed, by order of Colonel Gray, to point near Somerville Ford road, where I remained without casualties until night of 15th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. D. MANN,

Colonel Seventh Michigan, Commanding.

Lieutenant J. W. NEWTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 10. Report of Colonel Edward B. Sawyer, First Vermont Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., CAV. CORPS,September 19, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with orders this day received from division headquarters, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this brigade from the 12th to the 15th instant:

The brigade moved under command of Brigadier-General Custer, at 12 m. of the 12th instant, from Berea Church to Kelly's Ford, where they bivouacked for the night.

On the morning of the 13th, they crossed the Rappahannock and marched in direction of Culpeper Court-House, the Fifth Michigan Cavalry, commanded by Colonel Alger, having the advance. The First Michigan Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Stagg, was ordered to Stevensburg. They met the enemy's pickets about 1 mile before

