
reaching town, drove them back to their reserve, when they encountered a brigade of cavalry and artillery, and were obliged to fall back and join the brigade just as they advanced into Culpeper. They did good service in driving the enemy from the hill on the left of Culpeper Court-House.

After passing Brandy Station the Fifth Michigan Cavalry were ordered to dismount and deploy as skirmishers. They advanced through the woods and through the town, capturing 1 prisoner.

The Sixth Michigan Cavalry, Colonel George Gray, were used in supporting battery. They made a charge upon skirmishers under very heavy fire and behaved very gallantly.

The First Vermont Cavalry, Major William Wells, were ordered to cut the enemy off on the left, but were unable to cross the stream. They advanced toward the town in column, when they made a charge through the town, led by Brigadier-General Custer, capturing one piece of artillery and quite a number of prisoners.

The Seventh Michigan Cavalry, Colonel W. D. Mann, advanced to the edge of the town, where they dismounted 100 men, who waded the creek and advanced as skirmishers over the hill on the left of the town, driving the enemy from the hill.

The whole brigade advanced about 3 miles toward the Rapidan and bivouacked for the night.

On the 14th, the entire brigade, under command of Colonel George Gray, advanced to the Rapidan. The Sixth Michigan was deployed as skirmishers at Somerville Ford, with the First Vermont as support. Both regiments remained in this position thirty-six hours under heavy fire. The First Michigan was support for dismounted skirmishers. There was no change in the position of the brigade on the 15th instant.

For further particulars I transmit reports from regimental commanders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD B. SAWYER,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Captain L. G. ESTES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 11. Report of Major William Wells, First Vermont Cavalry, of skirmish at Culpeper Court-House.

GROVE CHURCH, VA., September 20, 1863.

SIR: I beg leave to submit the following brief report of the part taken by this regiment (the first and second battalions) in the recent operations of our cavalry against the enemy:

We left our camp, near Falmouth, Va., 1 o'clock p.m. on Saturday, September 12, 1863, and proceeded with the division to which we are attached to Kelly's Ford, crossed the Rappahannock River early the next morning, Sunday, 13th instant, and arrived in the vicinity of Culpeper Court-House at about 12 o'clock m. where our cavalry were briskly engaged in skirmishing with the enemy's cavalry and artillery, driving them toward the town.

The regiment was immediately directed by General Kilpatrick,

