
commanding division, to move to the left of the town, and endeavor to cut off a portion of the enemy's force, stationed in that direction, but a stream of water running along the border of the village had become so much swollen by the rain of the day before as to render it unfordable, and thus prevent these instructions from being carried out.

We then received orders to charge into town, with we did, passing through, capturing 8 prisoners and 1 gun, with carriage, horses, &amp;c., complete, and occupied a knoll on the south side of the village, where the regiment was subjected to a very severe artillery fire from the enemy's guns stationed at our front and left. We were here directed by General Custer, commanding brigade, to attack the force occupying the woods to the left of the town, and holding the road leading in the direction of Orange Court-House. Companies E and I, of the first battalion, were sent to the right, dismounted, and engaged the skirmishers of the enemy's left. The second battalion, Companies B, C, H, and G, under Captain Adams, being sent forward, charges the enemy, driving them from the road and through the woods, back under the protection of their artillery, capturing 26 prisoners. The fight at this place continued for a considerable length of time, three separate charges having been made by our men. The force in front of the second battalion, largely outnumbering their opponents, and being strongly supported, rallied and gained a temporary advantage, during which time they succeeded in removing their artillery stationed in our front.

A movement on our flanks was at one time attempted, but it failed in its purpose, the enemy being compelled to retire. The repulse of the enemy along the whole line being at this time (4 o'clock p.m.) complete, they retreated in the direction of the Rapidan River. The pursuit was continued until dark, but their forces did not make a stand before crossing. The commanding officer being temporarily disabled during the engagement by the bursting of a shell, the command was turned over for a short time to Captain Adams. The engagement lasted nearly four hours, during which time the regiment was continually under fire. We captured about 40 prisoners during the day, the enemy leaving several killed and wounded on the field.

All the officers and men did their whole duty, and are entitled to great praise for their bravery and good conduct. Accompanying this is a list of the casualties.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM WELLS,

Major, Commanding First Vermont Cavalry.

PETER T. WASHBURN,

Adjutant and Inspector General of Vermont.

No. 12. Report of Lieutenant Jacob H. Counselman, Battery K, First U. S. Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS HORSE BATTERY K, FIRST ARTILLERY,September 19, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my battery, from the 12th to the 15th instant:

The battery left camp near Hartwood Church on the morning of

9 R R-VOL XXIX, PT I

