
the 12th. On the morning of the 13th, crossed the Rappahannock at Kelly's Ford and took active part in driving the enemy beyond Culpeper, engaging them three times during the day. On the morning of the 14th, marched to the Rapidan River, took position on its bank, and engaged the enemy's batteries until ordered to retire by the general commanding.

On the 15th, again took position near the river, and assisted in driving the enemy's skirmishers to the other side. Later in the day the enemy opened their batteries several times upon our skirmishers from the heights on the opposite side of the river, when I immediately engaged them each time and succeeded in silencing them, it is believed with considerable damage.

As regards the manner in which my men conducted themselves on this occasion, I can only say their gallantry was unsurpassed, their coolness and courage, while under the hottest fire I ever witnessed, was the subject of remark of every one, and the commendatory words of praise which I hear on every hand makes me proud of the battery which I command.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. COUNSELMAN,

Lieutenant, First U. S. Artillery, Commanding Horse Battery K.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Hdqrs. Third Div., Cav. Corps, Army of the Potomac.

No. 13. Report of Lieutenant William D. Fuller, Battery C, Third U. S. Artillery.

CAMP OF FULLER'S BATTERY, LIGHT COMPANY C, THIRD U. S. ARTILLERY,

Stevensburg, Va., September 19, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders received from headquarters Third Division of cavalry, I have the honor to make the following report of the movements of this battery:

The battery left Hartwood Church on the 12th of September, and marched to Kelly's Ford, on the Rappahannock, and encamped for the night. Early next morning it crossed the river with General Custer's brigade of cavalry, and marched to Culpeper. Later in the day it went into position at different points beyond Culpeper, firing on the enemy's skirmishers, who occupied several houses, fences, and woods, as our cavalry pursued and drove them to and across the Rapidan River.

The battery camped near Pony Mountain the night of the 13th instant. On the morning of the 14th, it moved down to the Rapidan River. The battery was in position near Cedar Run, under direction of General Kilpatrick, firing across the river at the enemy's cavalry and bodies of infantry, who showed themselves frequently. The general afterward directed the battery to be brought over Cedar Run, and to come into battery at a greater distance up the Rapidan, for the purpose of forcing a crossing.

At this point a heavy and continued engagement began with batteries of the enemy, advantageously posted across the river, on ground commanding our position completely. The enemy maintained

