
a plunging fire on us, from at least twelve pieces of artillery, both rifled guns and smooth-bores.

An accurate fire was nevertheless continued by our guns until General Kilpatrick directed the battery withdrawn by sections. This was done with regularity, and without any casualties. The battery had been subjected to much annoyance from the fire of the enemy's sharpshooters, in the early part of the day. The night of the 14th, we encamped about a mile back from the river, near General Kilpatrick's headquarters. I remained in camp on the 15th. On morning of the 16th, a Confederate force crossed the river, and attacked the cavalry on the river bank, under cover of a severe artillery fire across the river. I ordered a section of the battery down at once, but the enemy had been driven back again by our down at once, but the enemy had been driven back again by our own cavalry. The section remained in position, the guns massed by bushes in the edge of the woods during the day, and was withdrawn at night. On 17th, marched to Stevensburg.

Lieutenants Meinell and Kelly commanded sections, and, as on many a battle-field before, worked their guns with skill and gallantry. The accuracy of our fire was repeatedly shown, and quite a number of the enemy's wounded were seen carried to the rear. I beg to call the attention to the efficient services of First Sergt. Daniel Munger, of this battery, who also commanded a section.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

WILLIAM D. FULLER,

First Lieutenant, Third Artillery, Commanding Battery.

Captain ESTES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 14. Reports of Major General Gouverneur K. Warren, U. S. Army, commanding Second Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,Brandy Station, September 13, 1863-12.30 p.m.

I am resting with my troops massed at this place. So far I have been able to keep out of sight, but cannot advance beyond this without being seen from Pony Mountain, and General Pleasonton said he did not care to have them know infantry was along. I am waiting to hear from him. He has sent me the following dispatch:

We are about 1 miles beyond Brandy Station, and the enemy falling back slowly before us, 11.15 a.m.

The cannonading is only by a few guns, and seems to be receding from us.

I have sent in some Irish women and their children on foot from here. One of them was in Gordonsville a week ago yesterday; she says, "the ground was black with rebels from Culpeper Court-House to Gordonsville," and they said no matter how strong we came they would whip us back. She seemed very much frightened and apprehensive the rebels would drive us back before she could get to our lines, but she had then seen only Buford's division.

I think the telegraph poles are all down from Rappahannock Station to within about a mile of this place, that is, till we reached the

