
MITCHELL'S,

September 17, 1863-10.30 a.m.

My headquarters are at this place. The troops all marched this morning about 7 a.m., being somewhat detained in getting rations. All quiet in front. I shall report again as soon as I can get my men in their place.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

General WILLIAMS.

MITCHELL'S,

September 17, 1863.

The firing was either at Raccoon or Somerville Fords. We have occasional shots all day, but it is all by the enemy. Our pickets and theirs keep a continual firing from Pony Mountain down, and here the rebels are on this side only at one place, Mr. Robertson's house, near that ford, and only about a dozen perhaps. We could not bring guns to bear on this house without coming within the range of the enemy's 12-pounder guns. They are reported to have 24 guns in this neighborhood. The enemy are also across at the Rapidan bridge in some force, and their cavalry pickets are along our side of Crooked Creek. I think our rifled field guns will do everything that the larger guns could do. A section of them, however, would be good to make a demonstration if you wish one, and I will get up a row with them if you wish. The points they hold on this side we cannot hold if we drove them off.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

Major-General MEADE.

No. 15. Report of General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army, commanding Army of Northern Virginia.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,September 14, 1863.

Mr. PRESIDENT: * * * A little after midnight on September 13, General Stuart received notice of an intended advance of the enemy's cavalry and made his preparations accordingly.

On the morning of that day they came in force, having crossed the Rappahannock at all fords from Stark's, on Hazel River, to Kelly's. They were supported by a force of infantry. He skirmished with them all day, and by 6 o'clock in the evening was pressed back to within half a mile of Cedar Mountain, with the loss, I regret to say, of three pieces of artillery. From this point he fell back after night to the Rapidan to prevent being turned, and to obtain supplies more readily. He was greatly outnumbered, the enemy having three divisions of cavalry, with infantry, and he having three brigades, the fourth (Fitz. Lee's) being still at Fredericksburg.

He reports that his men behaved with bravery, and that he took a considerable number of prisoners. He left a picket force in front

