
of the enemy at Cedar Mountain, and I have heard nothing from him this morning. It may be a reconnaissance in force merely, but I have made preparations in case it should be an advance of his whole force.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

SEPTEMBER -, 1863.-Confederate Scout in West Virginia.

Congratulatory letter from Major General Samuel Jones, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, September 19, 1863.

Colonel W. L. JACKSON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding has learned with great pleasure the successful result of Major J. K. Kesler's recent scout in Northwestern Virginia.

He directs that you communicate to Major Kesler his high appreciation of the gallantry, skill, and enterprise displayed by him in this expedition. The courage and good conduct of the officers and men deserve and receive the highest commendation. If all our soldiers emulate their good example, we shall ever be able to meet our barbarous foe with the confidence of victory. To Captains Young and Jarvis the thanks of the general commanding are especially due for their meritorious conduct.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEPTEMBER 14-17, 1863.-Reconnaissance to the Blackwater River, Va.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel George Stetzel, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry.

CAMP GETTY, VA.,

September 17, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to verbal instructions received from the commanding general of the United States forces at Portsmouth, Va., September 14, 1863, to proceed on a reconnaissance to Blackwater River, I have the honor to make the following report:

I left camp with seven companies of the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, at 7 o'clock p.m., September 14. Proceeded to Barham's Mill, 3 miles this side of Suffolk, where I bivouacked for the night. I then proceeded to Blackwater River, in three different directions, in the following order, viz:

Two companies under command of Major George T. Cornog to proceed to South Quay. Two companies under the command of Captain R. B. Ward, to proceed to Blackwater bridge and Zuni, and with the

