
SEPTEMBER 15, 1863.-Affair near Kempsville, Va.

Report of Captain Abisha Stetson, Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

BET. KEMPSVILLE AND [PRINCESS ANNE] C. H., [VA.],

September 15, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that while marching through a wood a few miles from here my advance, consisting of a sergeant and 6 men, was fired into from the side of the road immediately after they had passed, and the negro guide was either captured, or, being wounded, has crawled into the wood. Six of the advance are missing, but I am in hopes they will yet make their appearance.

As soon as the firing commenced, I dismounted my carbineers and skirmished the wood, but could not meet with the enemy or our missing men.

Knowing that the object of the expedition had failed, as the enemy were made aware of our approach, I have returned to this point to wait further orders.

The country is very much wooded and I believe there are plenty of guerrillas, but we cannot get at them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. STETSON,

Captain, Commanding.

Brigadier-General NAGLEE,

Commanding, Norfolk.

SEPTEMBER 15-19, 1863.-Expedition from Great Bridge, Va., to Indiantown, N. C.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel William Lewis, Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

GREAT BRIDGE, VA.,

September 20, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the return of the expedition under my command, that which started for Indiantown and vicinity.

During the first day's march we repaired a number of small bridges, worn out and broken down, over small creeks on the road. This we found necessary throughout the entire march. We bivouacked for the night at Bunch of Walnut Bridge.

The morning of the second day we proceeded to arrest the persons sent you on the 17th instant, who live in this vicinity; and in order to cross the canal, over which the bridge was burned, we leveled the banks and made a ford over which we passed. We bivouacked the second night at Shingle Landing, on Major Creek.

On the morning of the third day, we proceeded to Indiantown and thence across the bridge over Indiantown Creek. When the head of the column was about 200 yards beyond the bridge, the advance guard having passed the point, a volley was fired upon the column from a dense thicket and marsh, wounding 3 men (2 severely) and killing 4 horses.

The volley was fired by a party of dismounted guerrillas, about

