
40 in number, and from a line of underbrush, not 10 yards from the road, and the thicket was so dense that not a man was seen, even after the volley, though the party firing immediately ran. My men immediately opened a heavy fire in the direction from whence the volley came. The carbineers were dismounted, and a attempt was made to penetrate the swamp, but this was found to be impossible.

We made every effort possible to induce the skulking dastards to leave their hiding place, but without effect. Skirmishers were deployed, and the entire neighborhood scoured, but no one could be found. We then advanced several miles beyond the point, in order that they, by following, might leave the swamp, but it availed nothing. We then returned to the place, and recrossed Indiantown Creek, endeavoring to induce them to make a demonstration against a small mounted picket, left in sight of the bridge.

They appeared in small force on the bridge, after some time, but would venture no farther. A party, held in readiness, charged down upon them, but in a moment they again disappeared in the swamps. After every resource had failed, we selected a spot near the place to bivouac for the night.

On the following morning a scout of one company was sent out the Camden Court-House road some 4 miles, where, a bridge having been burned, the road was impassable. The only indications of the presence of the enemy was an occasional shot fired in the swamp. We then took up the line of march for camp, which we reached on the 19th instant. From information obtained from different parties it is evident the bridge burners are a part of the band now in Indian Swamp, 9 of their party having obtained horses in the neighborhood and, led by one John Flema a few days ago, have succeeded in destroying nearly all the bridges in Currituck County, N. C., and lower portion of Norfolk County, Va.

It is very difficult to gather any reliable information from the white people through that portion of Currituck County. There are so many contradictory statements in regard to how the guerrillas are supported, that I am inclined to believe that the inhabitants support them.

I have notified the residents throughout that portion of the country that their houses will be burned if they are found harboring or aiding the guerrillas in any way.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. LEWIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain GEORGE H. JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Virginia.

SEPTEMBER 18-23, 1863.-Capture of Schooners near Eastville, Va.

Report of Captain Guert Gansevoort, U. S. Navy.

U. S. FLAGSHIP ROANOKE,

September 28, 1863.

GENERAL: On receipt of your communication of September 24, inclosing a telegraphic dispatch from Captain Duvall, at Eastville, Va., reporting the presence of a rebel steamer at Sand Shoal Inlet,

