
on the 23rd instant, I required Lieutenant-Commander Gillis, commanding U. S. S. Commodore Jones, at Yorktown, and senior naval officer in that vicinity, to take proper measures in the premises.

Under the date of the 27th, he communicates to me the facts in relation to the movements of the enemy on which was founded the report of Captain Duvall. These facts are in substance as follows:

On the night of the 18th, a party of 25 men, under command of one Captain Beale, crossed the bay from Matthews County, in two small boats, and, on the 19th, captured the schooner Alliance, David Ireland, master, loaded with sutler's goods.

On the 21st, they seized the schooners J. J. Houseman, Samuel Pearsall, and Alexandria, took possession of their crews, and set sail on the vessels, lashing their helms.

One of these, the Samuel Pearsall, has been picked up and brought into Hampton Roads, and is now under charge of keepers from the U. S. S. Mystic. The Alliance, with the rebel party on board, was discovered, on the 23d, by a blockader, on the bar at Milford Haven, and fired into, when the Alliance was sent on fire and abandoned by her captors.

Lieutenant-Commander Gillis expresses the belief that this party will be on their way toward Richmond within the next three days, and that with a proper co-operating military force it can be broken up.

I would suggest that the military commandant at Yorktown be immediately authorized by telegraph to co-operate with the naval force in effecting this object, if on his communication with Lieutenant-Commander Gillis, such an expedition shall seem likely to effect any desirable results.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GUERT GANSEVOORT,

Captain, and Senior Officer Present.

Major General J. G. FOSTER.

SEPTEMBER 20, 1863.-Affair on Shaver Mountain, W. Va.

Report of Brigadier General William W. Averell, U. S. Army.

BEVERLY, W. VA.,

September 21, 1863.

Pickets on Seneca road encountered a party of rebels yesterday on Shaver Mountain; killed 1, Wash Taylor; wounded another, and captured 2 others. About 30 rebels passed three days ago in the direction of Parsons' Mills. I have 50 men about that point and Horse-Shoe Run.

Three or four rockets were thrown up from the mountains last night in a direction west-southwest from here. I have sent a patrol from Buckhannon to Huttonsville. Pickets at Cheat Mountain and Elkwater report all quiet. Jenkins had moved on Saturday at 2 p.m.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY.

