
SEPTEMBER 21-23, 1863.-Reconnaissance across the Rapidan River, Va.

SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

Sept. 21, 1863.-Skirmish at Madison Court-House.

21-22, 1863.-Skirmishes at White's Ford.

22, 1863.-Skirmish at Orange Court-House.

Skirmish at Raccoon Ford.

23, 1863.-Skirmishes near Liberty Mills and at Robertson's Ford.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Brigadier General John Buford, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, Cavalry Corps.

No. 2.-Brigadier General Henry E. Davies, jr., commanding First Brigade, Third Division.

No. 3.-Lieutenant Colonel Peter Stagg, First Michigan Cavalry, Second Brigade.

No. 1. Reports of Brigadier General John Buford, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, Cavalry Corps.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,Madison, September 22, 1863-7.30 a.m. (Received 1.15 p.m.)

GENERAL: My whole command reached this vicinity before sundown yesterday evening without opposition. Madison Court-House was occupied by about 15 cavalrymen, who fled upon our approach. General Kilpatrick had the advance, and captured some 8 or 10 prisoners.

The roads passed over by each division were good military roads, with a few mud holes, which can be easily turned. The pioneer party of a single regiment can repair them as fast as an army can march. General Kilpatrick is en route to Wolftown, from thence to Burtonsville, then down the Standardsville and Orange Court-House roads, down the river, examining fords, &amp;c., and to recross at Liberty Mills.

My first division is moving down the Gordonsville pike, and will connect at Liberty Mills with General K., and communicate with him between Jacks' Shops and Burtonsville. My Second Brigade will move down the road to Barnett's Ford, sending one regiment down the road that runs on south side of Robertson's River to Locust Dale. We hope to concentrate to-night, between Robertson's River and Barnett's Ford.

It is reported that the rebel cavalry is all between Robertson's River and the Rapidan. There is a small force of infantry at Liberty Mills.

I send in two reports who have accompanied the command, after being notified that they could not be allowed to do so. Can they not be sent out of the army? One is Davidson, of the Herald, and the other Paige, of the Tribune.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Major-General PLEASONTON.

P. S.-The people here say Hill's and Ewell's corps are at Orange.

