HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 23, 1863-8.30 a.m.

My whole force is concentrated between Providence Church and Barnett's Ford. The reconnaissance has been a triumph. I will return to-day. A. P. Hill's corps reported to be just south of Great Run. I do not believe it, but the authority is so reliable that I must pay attention to it. I have sent out scouting parties to ascertain the truth. I have the Sixth New York and a section of artillery at Locust Dale.

Kilpatrick crossed the Rapidan at Simms', White's, and another ford 1 1/2 miles above Liberty Mills. He made a bold attempt to cross back at Liberty Mills, but a large force of infantry and artillery prevented. He deserves great credit for the enterprise he has displayed. The whole of Stuart's division opposed the reconnaissance, yet I am proud to say that he was whipped, his forces dispersed, and the reconnaissance made.

Just as soon as I can make it safe for the engineers to return, I will send them back to report upon the nature of the country and roads. At Liberty there is a large force of infantry and another at Barnett's. At the latter, yesterday, they opened on Devin with eight guns. I send a dispatch showing that Lee was advised of my movements, and accounts for the serious opposition I met.

General Kilpatrick's information is, that "there are two corps on the other side, both of which are north of Gordonsville; Gordonsville was totally unguarded yesterday." Our captures are about 100 prisoners and 12 or 15 wagons and a small herd of beef-cattle. Chapman had the hardest fight, and behaved elegantly. The enemy's loss is very severe in killed and wounded. The casualties in the First Division are trifling. In the Third I fear it is more severe. I have just received word that the road is clear to Locust Dale, and will start my command to cross at Robertson's Ford.

JNO. BUFORD.

Major-General PLEASONTON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps.

[Inclosure.]

To General STUART:

General Early states that a deserter from the enemy reports that the enemy's cavalry, supported by a corps of infantry, moved up on left to flank our position. The cavalry have disappeared from his front and been replaced by infantry. Be on your guard and ascertain their movements.

R. E. LEE.

No. 2. Report of Brigadier General Henry E. Davies, jr., commanding First Brigade, Third Division.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., CAV. CORPS,Culpeper, Va., September 26, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward the following report of the part taken by my brigade in the action of September 22:

We crossed the Rapidan River at White's Ford, and I moved forward in column, the Second New York in advance, through the woods

