
disposition of my whole force, when, finding they could not drive me back, they commenced a movement on my left flank with a force of at least two regiments.

At this time one of my vedettes informed me that the column had moved off at a trot out, and I commenced a retrograde move.

The enemy charging out of the woods on the right flank, and on a line with the advance of my retreating column, I galloped ahead with the first squadron and formed line on the right of the road, which partially checked the enemy so that my second squadron charged through and joined me, but the rear guard was entirely cut off.

I was then informed that I would not be re-enforced, and ordered to retreat, which I did, skirmishing with the enemy through the woods until I arrived within sight of Robertson's River, where a squadron of the Fifth Michigan Cavalry was drawn up for a support.

As soon as our artillery commenced shelling the woods, I was ordered by General Kilpatrick to retire across the river and hold the ford until the Fifth could cross. Upon their arrival, I joined the column and marched to camp.

I would report the loss of 1 second lieutenant and 13 enlisted men missing, and 3 enlisted men wounded and recovered.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PETER STAGG,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding First Michigan Cavalry.

Lieutenant J. W. NEWTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

SEPTEMBER 21-25, 1863.-Operations about Princess Anne Court-House, Va.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel William Lewis, Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Near Portsmouth, Va., September 27, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Monroe, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith the report of Lieutenant Colonel William Lewis, Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry, of an expedition against guerrillas.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. GETTY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,Great Bridge, Va., September 26, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to instructions received from Brigadier-General Naglee, I proceeded to Princess Anne Court-House the 26th [21st] instant. The 22d, I proceeded with 100 infantry and 30 carbineers, dismounted, to Seibert Swany's, on Berry River, where I marched my command about 1 1/2 miles through an almost impassable swamp, the water and mud in many places being up to the waists of the men, proceeding in the director

