
of the river, where at length, as I had before learned, was found a small island called For Island, which has been used for some time as headquarters for a band of guerrillas infesting that vicinity. On the island was found their camp equipage and 12 shotguns, all of which I destroyed, not being able to bring them away. It was evident that they had occupied the island but a few hours before our arrival, and most likely escaped through the swamp at our approach. After having left the swamp, I was informed by the people in the neighborhood that the guerrillas were decamping and making their way to Knott's Island.

I then returned to Princess Anne Court-House.

On the 23d, at 6 p.m., I proceeded to Ringo Church, with 100 infantry and 50 cavalry. I sent a small scout from that point to Back Bay, and there discovered the rendezvous of a gang of blockade-runners. I destroyed three of their boats and then proceeded to Knott's Island, where the following captures were made, viz:*

The following property was also captured: 1 large bay horse, belonging to Henry White; 1 great mare, belonging to Haywood Bell, and 2 muskets and 10 shotguns.

I returned to Princess Anne Court-House on the 25th instant, leaving my command at that point. The infantry in command of Captain Emmet [?], the cavalry in command of Captain Ker, of this regiment.

I have the honor to report that there are salt-works now in operations on Church Island, a small island southeast of Knott's Island. There not being a sufficient number of boats to carry over men enough to destroy the works without being captured, I made an attempt to swim the cavalry over, but was unable to do so, on account of the soft bottom and sea-weed, the channel being about 2 miles wide.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. LEWIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain HAZARD STEVENS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,Fort Monroe, October 2, 1863.

Respectfully referred to General Barnes, for his information.

The men whose means are mentioned within are among those confined at Fort Norfolk.

EDWARD E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff.

SEPTEMBER 21-26, 1863.-Scout from Harper's Ferry, W. Va., into Loudoun Valley, Va., and Skirmish (25th) near Upperville, Va.

Report of Major Henry A. Cole, Battalion Maryland Cavalry, Potomac Home Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY RESERVE,Bolivar Heights, Va., September 27, 1863.

GENERAL: In pursuance to Special Orders, No. 238, I have the honor to report that I proceeded with my command, as directed, to

---------------

*List (omitted) shows 11 citizens who were charged with being guerrillas, blockade-runners, &amp;c.

---------------

