
Charlestown on the 21st instant, remaining there until the morning of the 22d, where I was joined by Captain Summers' company; thence I proceeded to Winchester, Va., thence to Berryville, where we encamped for the night.

At daylight on the subsequent morning, I proceeded to Snickersville, via Snicker's Gap. In the vicinity of Snickersville I came in contact with a few scattering bodies of White's command; from thence I proceeded to Waterford and encamped for the night. At daylight on the subsequent day, I proceeded to Leesburg, via Snikersville and Leesburg pike. My advance guards charged into Leesburg, capturing one of White's men; encamped for the night within a few miles of the town.

On the morning of the 25th, I proceeded to Upperville, with the expectation of coming in contact with Mosby's guerrillas. I was not disappointed in my expectations, for within a few miles of the town I espied Lieutenant-Colonel Mosby with his command, consisting of about 150 men, drawn up in line of battle on an eligible position awaiting my arrival. His skirmishers were well advanced to the front. As soon as I perceived his disposition, I threw out skirmishers to the front and right flank, and advanced my column under their cover.

When within about 1,000 yards of the enemy's line I ordered a charge, when they broke and scattered in wild dismay. The result of the skirmish was a loss on the part of the enemy, 1 man killed and 8 prisoners, without experiencing any loss on my part. I also recaptured a man of the Nineteenth U. S. Infantry, recently captured by Mosby at Bull Run. I then captured for the night near Upperville.

On the morning of the 26th, I took up the line of march for camp, my rations being exhausted, and finding forage exceedingly scarce the evening of the same day. Mosby's command has been greatly underrated, for I am credibly informed by prisoners, citizens, and contrabands that his force consists of a battalion of 300 men.

Mosby is one of Stuart's staff officers, being detached for the forage, except in the vicinity of Waterford. Inclosed find receipts for captured property.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. COLE,

Major, Commanding.

Brigadier-General LOCKWOOD,

Commanding Defenses of Maryland Heights.

SEPTEMBER 22, 1863.-Skirmish between Centreville and Warrenton, Va.

Report of Colonel Alfred Gibbs, Nineteenth New York Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH ARMY CORPS,September 23, 1863.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: Following just received:

Two officers and 20 men of my regiment were yesterday attacked by 50 rebel cavalry on the road from Centreville to Warrenton, near the house of one H. Matthews, and 6 men and 10 horses captured; 5 others were captured, but made their

10 R R-VOL XXIX, PT I

