
WASHINGTON, D. C., September 24, 1863-1.45 p.m.

Major-General MEADE,

Army of the Potomac:

It has been decided to send the artillery of each corps with the corps. Colonel McCallum will be with you to-morrow morning to superintend loading and transportation.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

LOUISVILLE, KY., September 24, 1863.

(Received 4.20 a.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

1. The Louisville and Nashville Railroad can transport 3,000 men daily, using whole stock for the purpose. The company have 30 passenger cars, 200 box and rack cars, 125 flat cars; besides these, Adams Express has 20 cars.

2. Passenger trains occupy twelve hours between Louisville and Nashville; for trains with troops, about sixteen hours. Distance from Louisville to Nashville, 185 miles.

3. The road south from Nashville to Chattanooga is same gauge with Louisville and Nashville Railroad, and roads connect, and cars can go direct from Louisville to Nashville at rate of from 12 to 15 miles per hour. The time from Nashville to Chattanooga I cannot ascertain accurately.

I cannot ascertain the supply of stock from Nashville south, but I believe it is equal to the rolling stock on Louisville and Nashville Railroad; they transport south all that this road delivers at Nashville. This estimate of capacity is selected by freight agent of road to be certainly within their capacity. To use all their rolling stock of every kind, I believe the road can transport 1,000 more men daily than here stated.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

September 24, 1863-2.40 p.m.

General BOYLE,

Louisville, Ky.:

Colonel Thomas A. Scott, of this Department, will arrive in Louisville Saturday about noon. Have the managers of the Louisville and Nashville, the Kentucky Central, and, if possible, the manager of the Nashville and Chattanooga road at Louisville when he arrives, to meet for consultation and concentration of equipment.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 24, 1863-1.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General KELLEY,

Clarksburg, W. Va.:

Detachments of troops will be sent west over the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. Take all possible precautions to protect the road from rebel raids.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

