
WASHINGTON, September 24, 1863-10 p.m.

(Received 11.40 a.m., 25th.)

Major-General SLOCUM:

I am informed that cars will reach you for the transportation of the Eleventh Corps to-night and for the Twelfth the day following. Be pleased to have the troops transferred to them with the utmost dispatch,and, as the march will be a long and fatiguing one,direct them to be placed on the cars uniformly and comfortably.

Allow no change to be made in your corps, either in the artillery or infantry, and have all men who are in condition to take the field leave with five days' cooked rations, except sugar and coffee, which will be furnished to the officers and men at the various stations twice a day along the route. Take no more camp and garrison equipage than absolutely necessary, no hospital tents,and only such medicines as will be required reduced minim limit; leave with 200 rounds of ammunition for the artillery and 40 for the infantry. All the batteries come with your corps go; cars for five days' forage will follow each battery and will join at Alexandria. Offices must reduce their horses to the smallest limit. Additional instructions will be handed you on reaching Washington.

Advise me when the head of your column leaves; also when you will be here. Make your division,brigade,and regimental commanders responsible for the preservation of good order and the integrity of their commands. If we suffer from desertion it can only proceed from inattention and neglect; the troops will not be permitted to leave the cars in the large towns and nowhere else, except by the authority of commanders of regiment or battery. Let the infantry and artillery of the Eleventh Corps precede those of the Twelfth Corps,if practicable, without delaying the general movement.

Again I must impress upon you the necessity for precision and dispatch; the public exigencies demand the labor and vigilance of every one.

HOOKER,

Major-General.

CAMDEN STATION, Baltimore, September 24, 1863.

(Received 8.25 a.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON.

I am on 8 o'clock train from Baltimore, and expect to be at Department at 10 o'clock,with our master of transportation. Have arranged for full information regarding engines and cars.

J. W. GARRETT.

WILMINGTON, DEL., September 24, 1863.

(Received 8.40 a.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

We are on the way. Expect to arrive in Washington about 12 o'clock.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

S. M. FELTON.

