
CAMDEN STATION, September 24, 1863-6.30 p.m.

Colonel D. C. McCALLUM:

You must use your own cars for artillery at first. We will replace them rapidly as possible,also return yours very promptly. We start first 40 with seats at 5 p.m., from Baltimore,and will have 100 more in Washington before noon to-morrow. Some going down to-night.

W. P. SMITH.

ALEXANDRIA DEPOT, September 24, 1863.

(Received 8 p.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: General Howard informs us that his corps numbers 7,500 men. This is 2,000 more than understood by me this morning. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company will not be able to furnish the cars as promptly as promised. We will commence loading 1,700 men at Bristoe at 8 a.m. to-morrow,being all the cars promised us by that time. Mr. Smith telegraphs that the next installment of cars will be in Washington by to-morrow at noon, consequently cannot reach Catlett's before 6 p.m. to-morrow, where there are 3,500 men. At the Rappahannock there are 2,300. I have telegraphed Mr. Smith urging the cars forward, but am apprehensive that there may be some delay. In order to save time and transportation, the artillery of the Eleventh Corps has been ordered to march here, where there are facilities for loading. Will arrive in the night to-morrow. I will not go to front until the cars arrive. Will use every effort to push matters forward.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

D. C. McCALLUM.

ALEXANDRIA DEPOT, September 24, 1863.

WILLIAM P. SMITH, Baltimore:

The Eleventh Corps numbers 7,500 men. One hundred and forty cars will not be sufficient for the men and we must have in addition fifty stock cars for regimental and artillery horses. We will furnish cars for the guns. It was understood to-day that we should receive the cars so as to enable us to load to-morrow morning at 8 o'clock. We can bring the whole of the Twelfth Corps to Washington on Saturday,if you can furnish the cars, if it is arranged to forward that corps by your line. How is this; was the mater decided after we parted?

D. C. McCALLUM.

CLEVELAND, OHIO, September 24, 18683.

(Received 8.05 p.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I can leave to-morrow morning if of great importance, but engagements are such that I should prefer to wait until Tuesday next.

A. STONE, JR.

