
ALEXANDRIA DEPOT, September 24, 1863.

(Received 10 p.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I thank you for the caution. I saw the necessity of being silent on the subject referred to in your dispatch. In consequence of the insufficiency of the side track where the Eleventh Corps is now located, General Howard will march the troops to Manassas Junction. This arrangement will facilitate matters very much. This morning about 11 o'clock a band of 21 mounted guerrillas made a dash at our wood teams, about 13 miles from Alexandria, on the line of the road, capturing 9 mules, and wounding and capturing a sergeant of the guard.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

D. C. McCALLUM,

Colonel, &c.

BALTIMORE, September 24, 1863.

Colonel D. C. McCALLUM,

Alexandria:

We will deliver to you between this midnight and noon to-morrow fully 200 cars with seats, and the remainder as rapidly as possible. Mr. Koontz is ordered to advise of moment of movement of trains in detail.*

W. P. SMITH.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, September 25, 1863-10 a.m.

Major-General MEADE,

Army of the Potomac:

Your telegram of 8 p.m. yesterday+ has been referred for answer to Major-General Hooker. Willard's Hotel, who has been placed in command of the Eleventh and Twelfth Corps. Please communicate with him in regard to details. I presume 40 rounds will be sufficient for the present, unless General Hooker should ask for more.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 25,[1863]-12.30 p.m.

(Received 1.20 p.m.)

Major-General HOOKER,Willard's Hotel:

The major-general commanding this army having been informed that you have been assigned to the command of the Eleventh and Twelfth Army Corps, instructs me to state that the artillery and artillery ammunition wagons of both are on the way to Alexandria, with instructions to march as rapidly as possible without injury to animals. The infantry of the Eleventh Corps has been concentrated at Manassas

---------------

*He made such reports in detail.

+Inquiring how much ammunition was to be taken.

---------------

