
Nashville, but from what I saw on the road, I think there can be no difficulty in forwarding troops rapidly in freight cars.

By Monday 1,000 horses will have left Indianapolis to refit cavalry and artillery of this army. Many are now on the way. Another thousand, which will be bought immediately, will, according to the best information I have been able to obtain, repair losses in battle and operations.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, September 25, 1863-12.40 p.m.

AMASA STONE, JR., Esq., Cleveland:

Military possession will be taken immediately of the railroads from Louisville to Chattanooga. Their equipment and rolling stock are inadequate to the purposes of the Government in the movement both of troops and supplies.

I desire to constitute you general superintendent of all military railroads south of the Ohio River,and that without any delay you proceed to arrange for the immediate equipment of the roads from Louisville to Chattanooga.

Colonel Thomas A. Scott is now on his way to Louisville to organize the present stock,and superintend certain transportation from Louisville to Nashville in the present emergency; but he can give no attention to providing for an increase of rolling stock.

What I desire you to do first is to put in immediate requisition for the Government every means for a speedy supply of cars for troops and supplies, calling upon every railroad company and manufacturing company for its instant aid for that purpose. I will also issue a telegraphic request to such companies as I can get knowledge of,asking them to aid the Government in the present emergency.

Please let me know if you will undertake this business.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

CLEVELAND, September 25, 1863.

(Received 7.30 p.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

Regret that engagements are such that I cannot accept. My company will furnish its full share of rolling stock when called on, and I will influence others to assist you all in my power.

A. STONE, JR.

CAMDEN STATION, September 25, 1863-11.55 p.m.

Colonel D. C. McCALLUM, Alexandria:

All parties yesterday determined that the whole movement should be made by our line, we arranging everything in conjunction with you from Washington to Louisville, via Bellaire and Indianapolis, and T. A. Scott to go west for details of remainder of route.

W. P. SMITH.

