
CAMDEN STATION, September 25, 1863-6 p.m.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER,

Willard's Hotel:

GENERAL: 	We have succeeded in placing upon Maryland avenue, up to 2.30 p.m., 194 troop cars,and have delivered at Washington 44 stock cars. We will have an additional arrival of 30 troop cars at Washington this 7 p.m. Our men have been constantly engaged day and night since your decision was made in preparing and forwarding the cars, and have already placed more than one-half the number required for the entire movement.

We are advised that two trains of 51 cars of troops and 4 cars with battery have already left Washington, 5 o'clock. All arrangements have been made to get forward these and the trains following with all practicable dispatch.

I will suggest to Colonel McCallum that he use the Government cars that are near the troops to hasten their movement, and we can supply cars for the business of the military railroad until those used for your troops can be returned. I have replies to my telegrams that prompt arrangements are being made upon the route for transportation through Ohio, and have instructed the concentration of requisite machinery at the proper points through to Jeffersonville. Captain Cole has reached the Ohio, and its attending to the thorough organization of the necessary details west of that river.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

MANASSAS, September 25, 1863-8.10 p.m.

(Received 9.10 p.m.)

JOHN W. GARRETT,

Baltimore:

We will furnish cars for the batteries, but cannot furnish for troops. There is still a large force to be supplied in front, and the operations of to-day and to-morrow will require for several days thereafter the use of every car we have. You can furnish cars to us much sooner than we can possibly prepare our own. The Eleventh Corps will be embarked in an hour. I am satisfied that you have done all that was possible under the circumstances.

D. C. McCALLUM.

CAMDEN STATION, Baltimore, September 25, 1863-9.15 p.m.

Colonel D. C. McCALLUM,

Manassas:

The first two trains from you are troop 28 cars, and 27 cars, 4 of which are artillery. This works badly for our engines, as our load from Relay west ought not to exceed 22 cars. Can you not manage to send us 20 to 22 cars,or two trains together, each with 30 readily carry 40 cars from Washington to Relay.

W. P. SMITH.

(Same to Captain J. H. Devereux, Alexandria.)

