
MANASSAS JUNCTION, September 25, 1863-10.20 p.m.

(Received 12.20 a.m.,26th.)

WILLIAM P. SMITH, Baltimore:

Your dispatch received. Have directed Mr. Devereux to comply with your wishes. Matters have been somewhat confused to-day. Please send us cars for troops. The Secretary is every urgent.

D. C. McCALLUM,

Superintendent, &amp;c.

ALEXANDRIA, September 25, 1863.

(Received 1.42 a.m., 26th.)

WILLIAM P. SMITH:

As far as possible we will carry out your request, but the reason prompting it is the same which causes our two trains to make 27 or 28 cars,and it is a matter of the utmost necessity to get the troops moved that we may resume forwarding stores. Countermanding of military orders brought the battery on our hands,and once here it had to be pushed through, as are blocked at Alexandria with our loaded cars for the front. The men of the Eleventh Corps you now have, save 1,700 who have been doing duty at Alexandria. They will load at 6 a.m., and then will follow their camp and garrison equipage and batteries and horses. The Twelfth Corps we have not got to yet.

J. H. DEVEREUX.

ALEXANDRIA DEPOT, September 25, 1863-8.30 p.m.

GEORGE S. KOONTZ:

The following General Howard desire you to have telegraphed to all trains which you have started:

ALEXANDRIA, September 25,[1863.]

General STEINWEHR,

Commanding Second Division, Eleventh Corps:

On arriving at the destination you will command will troops of Eleventh Corps till the arrival of General Schurz; he will command till my arrival. Leave word for the senior officer on each train to have charge and be responsible for the troops on his train.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

P. S.- Carry out General Hooker's instructions which you received from me and read.

J. H. D.[DEVEREUX],

Superintendent.

WASHINGTON, September 26, 1863-9.30 a.m.

Chief of Staff or Adjutant-General to Major-General Rosecrans, Army of the Cumberland, Chattanooga:

My command leaves here with 40 rounds small ammunition and 200 rounds for the artillery. No transportation. The head of the column left last night. I hope to have it in Nashville by the 1st proximo. I desire that Major-General Rosecrans will have orders waiting me there for the disposition of my forces, with supplies and field transportation arranged at proper points in accordance with the allowances governing his army. The column will number 9 batteries and 16,000 infantry.

HOOKER,

Major-General.

