
CAMDEN STATION, Baltimore, Md., September 26, 1863-5.20 p.m.

(Received 5.30 p.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

The first three trains named in my dispatch to you of 11 o'clock this morning passed Cumberland before 4 o'clock this afternoon, continuing to make excellent time, while obeying our precaution to avoid excessive and unsafe speed. I will continue to send you these bulletins throughout the movement. We have now delivered, within forty-eight hours, at Washington over 340 seated cars for troops, besides other cars, which embrace three-quarters of the provision for the whole movement. The remainder will be forthcoming with equal promptness.

W. P. SMITH.

(Copies to Major-General Hooker and Colonel D. C. McCallum.)

LOUISVILLE, September 26, 1863-2.30 p.m.

(Received 7 p.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

Arrived 2 p.m. Matters all right at Indianapolis; arrangements for ferriage here completed. Will see railroads people this p.m.,and have everything ready for prompt work.

THOMAS A. SCOTT.

BEALETON, VA., September 26, 1863-2.45 p.m.

(Received 2.50 p.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: The Twelfth Corps is here awaiting cars. But for this delay all would have been embarked by 5 p.m. to-day. The hearty co-operation of the officers had enabled me to rush matters forward more rapidly than originally contemplated either by Messrs. Garrett and Smith or myself. To load the large number of horses - 1,100 - attached to the batteries of both corps, including horses of officers of the Eleventh Corps, has been a heavy piece of work for us.

I have been in constant communication with Mr. Garrett and Mr. Smith, and although they have not met our demands, I think it due to say that they have done a vast amount of labor in the time and under all the circumstances. We are constantly importuning for cars. Will not leave Virginia until every man belonging to both corps is embarked. I have requested Major Eckert to furnish you with copy of dispatch from Mr. Smith to me,giving the progress of affairs on his line.

Very respectfully,

D. C. McCALLUM,

Colonel, &amp;c.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, September 26, 1863-3.35 p.m.

Colonel McCALLUM:

A thousand thanks to you.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

