
BALTIMORE, MD., September 26, 1863.

(Received 8.30., 27th.)

Colonel D. C. McCALLUM,

Bealeton Station:

Your dispatch to the Secretary is excellent but does not go quite far enough, in omitting that you have loaded troops after than arranged at Department, and that is why cars enough have not gone down, although we have sent them faster than the understanding, which was 140 per day for these days. Up to dusk to-day (Saturday) we had delivered you 390 cars, besides those for horses, though we have a whole day yet in which to deliver the 420 for troops, per arrangement. Trains all moving well yet.

W. P. SMITH.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., September 27, 1863-2.30 p.m.

(Received 1.30 a.m., 28th.)

Major-General HOOKER:

Your dispatch received. Trains will await the arrival of your troops to bring the advance to Bridgeport. The remainder will follow to the same point. Your transportation will be supplied at Bridgeport. The ammunition will be there also. To get some troops to Bridgeport is of the highest importance. The enemy confront us, but we have taken the starch out of him in spite of his superiority of numbers. Let me hear from you often.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS, Washington, D. C., September 27, 1863.

Major-General SLOCUM,Commanding Twelfth Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires that you should designate an officer suited for the duty, who will remain here for a few days to take charge of, and bring on to destination, the officers and soldiers of the Eleventh and Twelfth Corps returning form furlough and exchanged, &amp;c. As it is not desired to make public the destination of the command,an officer with proper discretion, energy, and vigilance is needed for the service. He must be instructed to establish himself here,and remain until Monday, October 5. At that time he will start with all the officers and men then reported to him of two corps, with all exchanged prisoners, &c., and proceed without delay to join the command. Transportation will be furnished upon application to the proper department here, and must be arranged and provided for in advance of his journey.

He will communicate with the military governor of the District of Columbia at Washington,and request that officers and soldiers be direct to report to him, and stragglers sent to him, in time for his departure. He will a so take measures to secure all convalescents and detailed men in Alexandria and in this department. Previous to his departure he will notify the military governor, who will then receive instructions from the major-general commanding the armies,

