
for the future disposition of the officers and soldiers who may arrive in this department.

You will please furnish these headquarters with the name of the officer detailed for this service.

Form of advertisement which the officer detailed can insert in the daily journals of Washington after the departure of the Twelfth Corps up to Sunday, October 4:

Officers and soldiers in the Department of Washington belonging to the Eleventh and Twelfth corps d'armee are request to report to the undersigned at ----.

The quartermaster of the Twelfth Corps will pay the expense of the advertisement. All officers and soldiers that arrive previous to the departure of the Twelfth Corps should be taken along with the corps.

Very respectfully,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, September 27, 1863-11.40 a.m.

AMASA STONE, JR., ESQ.,

Cleveland:

I have direct Mr. Scott to send me immediately an estimate of the increased equipment required, which will be forwarded to you the moment it arrives.

EDWIN M. STANTON.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, September 27, 1863.

THOMAS A. SCOTT:

Your dispatch received. All the Eastern troops must be concentrated at Bridgeport with all possible dispatch; every effort will and must be bent to this. Please report progress frequently; all well; want to secure our communication; your second just received. Orders will be given accordingly. No difficulty about sparing cars a few days. We must add rolling stock to our line for future. Please confer with Colonel Hodges on this subject. Hodges will be in Nashville to-night.

ROSECRANS,Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, September 27, 1863-10.10 a.m.

Colonel THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Louisville:

Your telegram received last night. The troops from Cairo must be part of Sherman's corps, which were reported to go by another route. We have no notice of movement by Louisville. Please report what amount of stock is needed to equip the Nashville road fully. I am making arrangement to increase it largely and rapidly, and only need estimate. The movement from here is progressing.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

