HEADQUARTERS, Louisville, September 27, 1863.

(Received 4 p.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War:

The Thirty-first Wisconsin is coming up from New Albany depot. Will send it to Nashville to-night. No advices from troops coming west. Please let me know what number have left, and when they will reach this point. I am holding equipments for them that can be used to advantage for army purposes if any delay occurs in movement west from Washington.

THOMAS A. SCOTT.

WAR DEPARTMENT, September 27, 1863-4 p.m.

Colonel THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Louisville:

The first train reached the Ohio oat Bellaire this morning. All of the Eleventh have gone forward,and are beyond Cumberland, by this time. Part of the Twelfth Corps have also gone forward. The whole force will be moving to-night. I have directed Mr. Smith to advise you of the rate of movement, from which you can calculate better than any one else. General Hooker starts in the morning for Louisville.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

LOUISVILLE, September 27, 1863.

(Received 9.45 p.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your message this morning just received. I found 43 news cars belonging to the Government at Jeffersonville. Had 13 of them put on the Nashville road last night. Will have all the balance across the river and on the road by to-morrow evening. As troops from the East cannot reach here before Wednesday, I will go to Nashville in the morning, and return Tuesday evening. Will then be able to report fully as to the equipment needed for the line between Louisville and Chattanooga.

Permit me to recommend strongly the changing of gauge on the Louisville and Lexington road. It can be done in ten days' time, and will, for all future military operations, enable you to concentrate all the equipments of the road in Kentucky. The equipments now on the road from Covington to Nicholasville, though of the same gauge as that on the Nashville road, cannot be made available for the present important movement.

THOMAS A. SCOTT.

WAR DEPARTMENT, September 27, 1863-10 p.m.

Colonel THOMAS A. SCOTT:

Your telegram just received. The whole force, except 3,300 of the Twelfth Corps, is now moving. The number will exceed 20,000.

