
CAMDEN STATION, Baltimore, Md., September 27, 1863-1.35 p.m.

(Received 2.10 p.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

Your response to my dispatch received. I thank you for your prompt way of sustaining us, which had induced me to send the following order to every chief agent and officer upon our line:

Some of the military officers having ordered General Schurz's division to wait at Grafton until he came up to join it, the Secretary of War and Major-General Hooker thereupon direct me to order, in their name, that under no circumstances nor any pretext must any train of troops or stores be stopped on the route, unless by accident or other necessity, without their own order. Should any such stoppages be ordered or suggested, show this dispatch as your authority for disregarding it. This is imperative.

This will correct a serious evil, I hope. The origin of the Grafton order for delay shall be sent you.

W. P. SMITH.

(Copy to General Hooker.)

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, September 27, 1863-4.20 p.m.

Captain WILLIAM P. SMITH:

You should direct your agents immediately to report to you or the Secretary of War the name of any military officer who attempts to interfere with the transportation.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON CITY, September 27, 1863-4.40 p.m.

Captain WILLIAM P. SMITH,

Baltimore:

Please post Colonel Scott at Louisville,in cipher, as to the state of the movement, and keep him posted for the reasons stated in the following telegram just received.* I am told the whole force will be moving to-night.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

CAMDEN STATION, Baltimore, Md., September 27, 1863.

(Received 9.10 p.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

Your dispatch about advising Colonel Scott received. I would report that I sent him very full dispatches, covering all material points of progress of the movement this morning, which he evidently has not yet received. I have again, however, telegraphed him, as you desired.

W. P. SMITH.

---------------

*See Scott to Stanton, of same date, received 4 p.m., p.166.

---------------

