
BEALETON, September 27, 1863-9.30 p.m.

(Received 9.35 p.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have embarked all the Twelfth Corps except 3,300. Trains from Alexandria to-night carry supplies to the front.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. McCALLUM.

BEALETON, September 27, 1863-10.30 p.m.

WILLIAM P. SMITH,

Camden Station:

The cars will average 36 men each; the Pennsylvania Railroad cars, 45 men each. I carefully loaded one of your cars, and thought that 34 men to each would be all that could be comfortably seated. We have yet 3,300 men to embark. I am happy to learn of your success in sending forward. If we could have had cars, the Twelfth Corps could have been sent from here by 8 this a.m. However, I think all parties should be satisfied.

D. C. McCALLUM.

ALEXANDRIA DEPOT, September 27, 1863-11.35 p.m.

WILLIAM P. SMITH,

Camden Station:

It will take at least 460 cars to move the troops alone, outside of baggage, artillery, and horses. The strength of the Eleventh corps was greatly underestimated. The horses of the Eleventh Corps at Alexandria are 1,100 in number,and I advised Colonel McCallum we needed ---- stock cars for them. To-day about one-half of them have been loaded and we are waiting for more stock cars. The artillery of the Twelfth Corps will march to Washington to avail themselves of a better opportunity for loading. Whatever platform cars they require I will furnish, and they will arrange with Mr. Koontz for the stock cars they need.

Can you tell me how many box cars you can furnish to-morrow by noon? as, if we will up the complement with our own cars, it will probably be necessary to call on you to replace them at once, as we are very short of them in daily work. In addition to the 60 cars received to-night, it will take 40 additional.

J. H. DEVEREUX,

Superintendent.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, September 27, 1863-6.40 p.m.

JOHN W. GARRETT, Esq.,

Baltimore:

In the pressure of other engagements, acknowledgement of your note received last evening, with accompanying correspondence, has been postponed. I have only to say that all your proceedings are

