
CAMDEN STATION, Baltimore, Md., September 28, 1863-3 p.m.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I beg to further report that the troops have been most promptly and successfully transferred from Benwood to Bellaire, with baggage, artillery, and all effects, which were reloaded at once on the Ohio side, and dispatched to Indianapolis. Ample water and coffee have been supplied by the commissaries, as previously arranged, and indeed everything had worked with the most desired success, exceeding our promises and anticipations. So far not one out of thirty trains of nearly 600 cars has been delayed improperly. The only thing we have to regret is that the actual movement exceeds the requisitions by nearly 20 per cent. in men and more than 50 per cent. in horses, though we hope to have no delay of consequence even from this cause.

W. P. SMITH.

CAMDEN STATION, Baltimore, Md., September 28, 1863-8 p.m.

(Received 8.15 p.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

President Jewett, of the Central Ohio road, telegraphs me that all troops and effects arriving at Bellaire have been promptly dispatched for Indianapolis. More than 200 cars had started from Bellaire at 5 this p.m., containing over 8,000 men,besides several batteries. The first train passed through Columbus, 137 miles west of Bellaire, at 3 o'clock this a.m., and more than 5,000 had passed that point up to 3 this p.m. General Howard and staff have crossed at Benwood, and are on their way to Columbus. The last of the troops to be forwarded were loaded before 1 this p.m., and fully 16,000 heavy now passed the Relay westward. I know no reason why I should hesitate to assure you that complete success continues to attend the expedition.

W. P. SMITH.

WAR DEPARTMENT, September 28, 1863-9.20 p.m.

WILLIAM P. SMITH, Baltimore:

The gratifying intelligence contained in your telegram of 8.30 has reached me. You have fully justified my most sanguine expectations, and have deserved well of your country. I pray equal good fortune may attend the movement throughout, but I would be better assured if you or Mr. Garrett could now go on to Indianapolis and see the movement through, and prevent any hitch in the consummation of what has been so ably managed. This I deem of great importance. Can either of you go?

EDWIN M. STANTON.

