
CAMDEN STATION, Baltimore, Md., September 28, 1863.

(Received 2.15 a.m., 29th.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I thank you heartily for your encouraging dispatch of 9.20 p.m., and know Mr. Garrett will as highly appreciate it. I cannot answer for him, but there is so much yet in progress on our road, that with our loss of rest, &amp;c., it is scarcely possible for me to go to Indianapolis, and Mr. Garrett has also lost much rest, and is overcharged with important matters.

We have not been unmindful of our engagement to you, to arrange as far as Jeffersonville and our Captain Cole has been repeatedly instructed and strengthened by telegrams,urging energy, foresight, order, distinctness, and firmness of will - the elements that will insure continued success. He has been on duty promptly and fully at Indianapolis, and advises that his arrangements are made for cars and engineers, and that he has returned east of that point to meet first trains of troops, and feels confident of success.

If any difficulty occurs, as soon as the movement is safely effected over our line, we will follow up west in person, or with some of our first-class officers. I will confer with the president, who, I am sure, will act as will best accomplish your objects.

W. P. SMITH.

LOUISVILLE, KY., September 28, 1863-8 a.m.

(Received 12.20 p.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your message received. I will arrange at once for the spikes, switch-irons, and tools necessary to change Lexington road. Will probably require all of this week to organize the working parties to commence work. Shall I proceed with the work of extending the Louisville and Nashville road the wharf, and connecting the two lines in the city? The work was progressing under Captain Forbes. He has gone east, and it is now suspended. The extension will save a large amount of teaming. This is very expensive,and causes great delay in the movement of stores.

THOMAS A. SCOTT.

WAR DEPARTMENT, September 28, 1863-1.30 p.m.

Colonel THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Louisville:

You are authorized to go on with whatever work in your judgement will facilitate the military transportation. To your judgment I confide what work is to be done. Upon your skill and energy, I rely for its being done quickly.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

