
LOUISVILLE, KY., September 28, 1863.

(Received 1.15 a.m., 29th.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Appointment of Anderson is excellent. Will see him on arrival. He telegraphs that he will come direct. First troops will arrive here in about two hours.

Garrett telegraphs that forces have been increased, and 180 car loads horses and artillery are coming. Will do the best possible with our limited equipment to hurry them forward.

THOMAS A. SCOTT.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 28, 1863.

(Received 10.10 p.m.)

Hon. P. H. WATSON:

We have on hand here 25 new flat cars; at Cairo 9 more; at Michigan City, completed or nearly so, 20 more; in all, 54 cars, all of 5-foot gauge. We have sent the last week to Jeffersonville, for General Rosecrans, 25 box and 18 flat cars, also early in the month 19 box and 12 flat cars, making already sent to Jeffersonville, opposite Louisville, during the month, in all, 74 cars, and making, with what we now have ready, or nearly so, 128 cars. We can send a part of the 25 cars this week, the balance in the early part of next week. We can have from 2 to 4 cars per day changed to 5-foot gauge, but the Pacific Railroad will have to furnish them, and they are already getting short, having just furnished us some for General Steele in Arkansas. Telegraph more definitely to-morrow. No effort will be wanting to forward the cars with the least possible delay from all points.

ROBT. ALLEN,

Brigadier-General, Quartermaster.

WAR DEPARTMENT, September 28, 1863-10 a.m.

General ROBERT ALLEN,

Chief Quartermaster, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Send immediately to Louisville, by the quickest conveyance, all the cars of 5-foot gauge that you now have on hand. Change all the cars you can within the next two weeks from other gauges to 5-foot gauge,and send them as fast as they how many 5-foot gauge cars you now have on hand, and how soon they will reach Louisville. Report also how many you can alter and send in the next fortnight.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

HEADQUARTERS OF GENERAL HOOKER, Cincinnati, September 29, 1863.

Chief of Staff, or Adjutant-General to Major-General Rosecrans, Chattanooga:

The head of the column has passed through Louisville, and the entire force of infantry has been en route since last night, the rear

