
LOUISVILLE, September 29, 1863.

General ROSECRANS, Chattanooga:

Your message was just received. Head of the column just coming to the river on the other side. Firs train with troops will leave here about 5 a.m.,and no effort will be spared to hurry off all that arrive. It will require several trips of all the equipments between here and Chattanooga to move the entire troops with their cannon, baggage, and horses. It is therefore of the utmost importance that every car be unloaded promptly and be returned here immediately. Colonel Innes should devote all his power and cars to this end. Arrangements have been made in the East to increase equipments of roads south of this point. Will advise you frequently.

THOMAS A. SCOTT.

CAMDEN STATION, Baltimore, Md., September 29, 1863.

(Received 3.53 p.m.)

Hon. E. N. STANTON, Secretary of War:

We are now able to report that our arrangements between Bellaire, our terminus, and Jeffersonville are working out most satisfactory.

Captain Cole reports that the first trains reached Indianapolis at 3.40 p.m. yesterday (Monday),and have been followed in quick succession and excellent time by others. These trains are, therefore, carrying their masses of men and material from Washington to the western border of Indiana, a distance of 640 miles, with ample intervals for refreshment, in less than three days, say fifty hours, over the Alleghanies, and upon a track there times redeemed from hostile possession, and three times rebuilt by private enterprise since the present war began.

The first trains arrived at Jeffersonville, the end of our charge of them, before midnight but I will give you fuller reports in a few hours on this point. Our Captain Cole reports that his requisitions were enforced by impressment in some cases, but full provision is at hand to effect our wants to Jeffersonville. Captain cole is one of our most experienced, practical officers, having occupied the same position in our service that I now hold. We had arranged to aid him by sending other officers out or by going in person, but we feel such confidence now in affairs as to enable us to continue our promise of the best results.

Our reports from our own line and the transfer at Benwood continue most uniformly satisfactory, and indicating a success that is deeply gratifying to us. We are hurrying equipments back from west, and will thus be able to meet further emergencies or requisitions, should such be presented.

W. P. SMITH.

LOUISVILLE, KY., September 29, 1863-10.15 a.m.

(Received 2 p.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

First troops arrived at Louisville depot at 4 a.m.; got rations and left at 5.30 a.m. Second train, 7 a.m.; third train, 10 a.m. Men for next train just landing. Will get them off by noon. All working well.

THOMAS A. SCOTT.

