
I telegraphed, therefore, after several unsuccessful efforts to attain my object, from Piedmont to Grafton, where the troops were to have their dinner, that I desired the train ahead to stop just long enough for me to step from one train on board another. I did this especially because I considered it important to be at the head of the column before crossing the Ohio, as I had two Ohio regiments partly raised in that neighborhood and had to expect to lose many men by straggling away unless proper measures were taken. All this would have been done without the least loss of time, especially as we would have avoided the frequent delays caused by the straggling of the men, and by the irregularities occurring in getting on and off the cars. In fact, we would have gained time by it. That the progress of the troops was not in the least impeded is apparent from the fact that at Bellaire we had to wait nearly three hours for transportation.

This is the explanation I have to offer. You may possibly have acted on the supposition that I might have remained behind for my own comfort - then trying to stop the trains in order to rejoin my troops. Nothing could be further from the truth. I was, in fact, aside of the corps commander, the only general officer in this corps who remained with his troops throughout the whole journey, traveling over thirty hours in a soldiers car, without leaving my command a single moment. When an officer endeavors to perform his whole duty without the least regard to his personal comfort, and uses every exertion in his power to keep order and to insure the success of an enterprise, it is a little hard for him to find himself censured and threatened with disgrace in so cutting a manner, especially as he may come to the conclusion that he might have escaped censure by being less devoted to his duty.

If I have done any wrong, I am willing to submit to any punishment I may deserve. But if, upon a closer examination of the facts, you have arrived at the conclusion that I was innocently condemned, then I would most respectfully request you, as an act of justice, to withdraw the censure which you inflicted upon me. Conscious as I am,to have endeavored to do my whole duty, I feel that I might justly claim this reparation.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

C. SCHURZ,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS, October 5, 1863.

No delay occurred through General Schurz, and certainly none was intended. The within explanation is explicit, and will probably do away with any unfounded suspicion of remissness on the part of the general.

Respectfully,O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

OCTOBER 8, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded.

It is fortunate if the repeated efforts of General Schurz to delay his train caused to delay in the general movement. The accidents referred to as having happened on the way were caused by the men

