
falling off the tops of the cars while under way, a luxury they would indulge in whether their officers were with them or not; at all events no orders to the contrary checked it.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, KY., October 1, 1863.

(Received 2 a.m., 2nd.)

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

In reply to your inquiry, will say have sent south fifteen trains troops, with 9,470 men from east and 1,340 from Cairo; total, 10,810, and one battery of artillery. Ten trains had passed Nashville up to 9.30 a.m. this morning, and all of them are at Bridgeport before this hour. Everything that has reached this point has gone forward.

We are hoping to get another battery and about 1,600 men by midnight. Will ship them before daylight. Could handle them more rapidly if Eastern roads could let us have them.

General Hooker left at 8 this morning, General Howard at 4.30 p.m. Eleventh Corps all gone,and part of Twelfth.

THOMAS A. SCOTT.

BALTIMORE, MD., October 1, 1863.

(Received 11.12 p.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

Your dispatch on inquiry received. As the movement is now entirely completed on our line, except a small remnant of horses about starting from the Manassas road, and as all the reports continue of uniformly successful character, I thought it would be tedious to send you more bulletins unless some change occurred, which I am happy to say is not the case.

The only place where any real impediment has been threatened is Indianapolis,and I am now more than ever satisfied of the correctness of my judgment when I advised you and General Hooker, this day a week ago, that the troops should have been sent to Cincinnati direct by rail, and taken steamers for Louisville. The change of cars at Indianapolis, with the march of over a mile across the town, has been very tedious and difficult, because there was no track-room or other facilities for such an occasion. Nor were they familiar in that quarter with the details of such things on such a scale.

Under all the circumstances, however, wonders have been achieved even there, the average delay at that point being only six hours. Up to 12 o'clock noon yesterday (Wednesday) 14,000 out of the 20,000 men had passed Indianapolis, and by dark last evening that number had reached Jeffersonville.

The last trains of troops proper crossed the Ohio River at Bellaire yesterday afternoon, and are now nearly due at Jeffersonville. Some of the batteries are following closely,but even they have crossed the Ohio River, and are on the way to Indianapolis. I hope to send you the final report to-morrow.

