
ALEXANDRIA, October 2, 1863-12.20 p.m.

Captain GEORGE S. KOONTZ,

Washington Depot:

The horses and men remaining of the Twelfth Corps at Bealeton were cleared out with last loaded train sent you, and no more cars needed. I thank you for your prompt attention throughout.

J. H. D.[DEVEREUX.]

LOUISVILLE, KY., October 2, 1863-10 p.m.

(Received 1.50 a.m., 3rd.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Up to this hour we have sent south twenty-one trains with 13,615 men,and four batteries of artillery. We expect about 2,000 men and one battery to arrive by morning. We could handle them more rapidly from this point south if they were delivered here. We have in from Bridgeport to-night three full trains of troop cars. Circle is now complete, and we could keep up the present rate of movement without difficulty.

Have had full consultation with Mr. Anderson to-day. He has ordered 100 new cars at Michigan City, through Colonel Parsons, of Saint Louis, and assessed balance of equipment on Western roads, making it a light tax upon each. Will get nearly all the cars needed under the estimate within the next thirty days.

Have ordered 4 engines to be used at the principal depot stations. We get 6 from Grant's department, that are now at Cairo. Will not order any more until we know what has been done by Mr. P. Wood, who was in the East buying locomotives for General Rosecrans. If you find Mr. Wood he should telegraph immediately to Mr. Anderson, and let him know exactly what has been done. Colonel McCallum may know of his movements.

THOMAS A. SCOTT.

CLEVELAND, OHIO, October 2, 1863.

(Received 2 p.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Have set several parties to work preparing rolling stock, but am embarrassed for want of definite orders. Please instruct me.

A. STONE, JR.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, October 2, 1863-3.35 p.m.

AMASA STONE, JR., Esq.,

Cleveland:

On your declination reaching me I sent John B. Anderson, former superintendent, to Nashville to ascertain what amount and description of stock war required, and it was arranged that he should communicate

