
STEVENSON, ALA., October 3, 1863-4.45 p.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chattanooga:

After great delays in transportation, I have arrived here. The Eleventh Corps infantry, and a small portion of the Twelfth, had gone on to Bridgeport previous to receipt of orders for me to assume command here. Is it the desire of the general that I should concentrate my troops here? Please forward instructions.

The batteries of both corps are still behind. Shall the troops at Bridgeport of my command be returned here?

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAMDEN STATION, Baltimore, Md., October 3, 1863.

(Received 9.20 a.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

Up to noon yesterday, October 2, at Indianapolis, all the troops and the accompaniments arriving there, had been transferred and sent off to Jeffersonville. Rear of the column has been now dispatched from that point, leaving only a few horses to close up.

W. P. SMITH.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, Washington, October 3, 1863-7.20 p.m.

General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff, General Meade's Hdqrs., Culpeper, Va.:

The teams of the Eleventh Corps are here intact ready for shipment. I have arranged that a similar amount turned in by the Twelfth Corps shall be sent from this city. It will not be necessary to draw any from our army. Ambulances in abundance are here. The forwarding will commence at once.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier General, Chief Quartermaster, Army of the Potomac.

WAR DEPARTMENT, October 4, 1863-4.55 p.m.

JOHN W. GARRETT, Esq., Baltimore:

The speedy and successful movement of the transportation - teams, wagons, &amp;c., - of the Eleventh and Twelfth Corps is nearly as important as the movement of the troops, and very essential to the complete success of the whole operation. I desire, therefore, most earnestly, that the energy and skill that have thus far been manifested shall not be relaxed, but, on the contrary, that whatever experience may have improved shall be manifested now in the movement of the army transportation. It is important that not a moment should be lost, inasmuch as a change of weather may enhance obstacles at the Ohio River and elsewhere along the route. I beg you, therefore, to bend yourself to this job and make it an equal success.

I understand from one of Mr. Smith's dispatches that there is a delay in transshipment at Indianapolis because the roads do not

