
join. I have directed Mr. Scott to go up to Indianapolis, and cause a track to be put down immediately, to save this delay and trouble. If you can help, please do so.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

CAMDEN STATION, Baltimore, October 4, 1863.

(Received 9.25 p.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

I received your telegram of 4.55 p.m. Appreciating the importance and urgency of the movement, on my arrival in Baltimore at 1 this a.m., I at once ordered a rapid movement eastward of the peculiar cars required for this service from all parts of our line; gave instructions for a continuance of the extra watchman and recently increased organization, to insure safety and speed over our whole route, and instructed the maintenance of the bridge over the Ohio River.

I telegraphed President Jewett fully on the subject, and ordered Captains Ford, Diffey, and Cole to take charge, of this additional transportation, to concentrate requisite machinery at the proper points, and to do all this is possible to insure prompt and successful movement. All the cars at command here that could be used for this service have been sent to Washington, and our empty cars are rapidly arriving from our main stem at Mount Clare. We are now making necessary alterations in house cars so as to fit them for horses and mules, and devoting every energy to concentrate equipment as rapidly as practicable at Washington.

Our agent there reports at 7.55 p.m. that mules and wagons commenced to arrive at station at 5 p.m., and that he had then loaded 40 wagons and 300 mules, and had, including these, cars ready for 140 wagons and 650 mules. We hope to accomplish large work to-morrow. You may rely that no effort will be spared to accomplish all that is practicable, and even with the very limited notice I hope for good results. Mr. Smith was led into an error as to the position of the road at Indianapolis.

Captain Cole complains of delay because troops were marched a mile from the railroad to obtain their rations; but although the gauge of the Jeffersonville and Indiana Central is different yet the tracks, I understand, are so close together that transfers from the cars of each road are made directly to the cars of the other. I judge, therefore, no additional track will be requisite at Indianapolis. Our principal officers are on duty at all points, working with thoroughness and energy to insure the best results, and I shall continue to give most earnest and careful attention until the movement is completed.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

HEADQUARTERS, Louisville, Ky., October 4, 1863-1 p.m.

(Received 3.45 p.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Mr. Anderson and I had a careful estimate made of the coast of changing the equipment on the Louisville and Lexington Railroad from 4 feet 4 1/2 inches to 5 feet. There are 12 locomotives and 241

