
cars to be changed, the cost of which will be about $38,000, to furnish the material and do the work. I think the batter way would be to pay the railroad company the amount of the estimate, and let them do the work themselves. It will give us all that equipment for military purposes when needed. The cost of changing track will not exceed $18,000, or about $200 per mile. We will be ready, with our forces organized, to break the track on Wednesday next, and I think can change the whole road inside of six days. Shall I arrange as suggested in this message?

I changed the location of the line in this city from the Nashville road to the river into a much better route, which connect these two roads and furnishes sidings to all the Government warehouses at or near the river, and will save at least $40,000 to the Government, as compared with the line that was intended to be built. Everything gone south that has reached this point. We are waiting anxiously for more to arrive.

It is stated here that a large portion of Grant's army is coming up the river, to come thence by road to Louisville and Chattanooga. If this is so we should know it immediately, as I intended to take seats out of a number of our troops cars to-morrow and turn them into carrying supplies to the army.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Colonel, and Aide-de-Camp.

WAR DEPARTMENT, October 4, 1863-4.10 p.m.

Colonel THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Louisville:

I am informed that much delay and trouble in transportation are occasioned at Indianapolis because the roads do not join, and there is a change required, and a march of a mile through the city. If this be so the evil should be cured immediately by connecting the roads. You are therefore directed to go to Indianapolis, and cause a track to be put down, if practicable, to connect the two roads within as few hours as can be done, taking such material and impressing such labor as may be necessary, unless the railroad companies will undertake to do it.

This requires immediate attention, as I am about to forward the army transportation of the Eleventh and Twelfth Corps, and the work should be done before they reach Indianapolis. If the companies will not do their duty,or the work takes more than a few days, I will order the wagons, teams, and all supplies to Cincinnati, and thence to Louisville, as there is a prospect of there being high water. Please answer.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, October 4, 1863-4.20 p.m.

Colonel THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Louisville:

You are authorized to make such arrangement for the change in the track and equipment of the Louisville and Lexington Railroad

