
RUCKER'S, October 5, 1863-5.24 p.m.

WILLIAM P. SMITH, Baltimore:

The transportation mentioned to you this morning is to go forward as soon possible, viz, 300 wagons, 75 ambulances 900 mules, 750 horses.

D. C. McCALLUM.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., October 5, 1863.

(Received 12.30 p.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Arrived at 8 a.m. Find tracks all connected, and cars side by side for transfer. Soldiers all gone forward. Balance of artillery, horses,and baggage will leave this point before noon to-morrow.

The only delay has been in marching men 1 mile to Soldiers' Home for hot coffee and rations. General Meigs has been ordered purchase of horses here, and I have authorized Colonel Ekin to ship them forward, and also all cattle for the army that may be here or arrive before your equipment reaches the point.

I leave for Louisville at 10 a.m.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Colonel, and Aide-de-Camp.

CAMDEN STATION, Baltimore, October 5, 1863.

(Received 7.20 p.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

President Jewett desires me to assure you that the requisitions will be promptly responded to, and the movement from Bellaire made with dispatch. The trains which have left Washington are progressing regularly and with good speed over our road. We are continuing to strain every energy to accomplish prompt movement. We are still altering, day and night, cars so as to suit for the transportation of horses and mules, and are obtaining the peculiar cars requisite for movement of wagons, &amp;c., from all points with the greatest possible expedition.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

LOUISVILLE, KY., October 5, 1863-8.30 p.m.

(Received 11.30 p.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Arrived here from Indianapolis at 7.30 p.m. Everything has gone forward that has reached this point. Soldiers all gone, and hope to complete shipment of artillery, horses, and baggage by Wednesday night. Colonel Innes, superintendent of military roads south of Nashville, telegraphs me late this evening as follows:

Things unfavorable for forwarding troops. Road broke in two places south of Murfreesborough that we know of. Said to be 10,000 rebel cavalry with artillery. By order of General Slocum, I am forwarding all troops to Murfreesborough and holding the artillery here,not daring it forward.

