
This information appears to be entirely reliable,and our armies farther south may have great trouble in getting sufficient supplies to hold their present position.

Have you any instructions?

THOMAS A. SCOTT.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 5, 1863-2 p.m.

Brigadier-General KELLEY,

Clarksburg:

The trains for the troops sent west will all have left here by to-morrow. See that the railroad is well guarded till they all pass.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CAMDEN STATION, Baltimore, Md., October 6, 1863.

(Received 11.30 a.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

The first two trains, with the wagons and horses have passed Grafton, 312 miles from Washington, via Relay. All the horses and wagons of the Eleventh Corps were loaded and started during the night from Washington, and we have a fair supply of cars, into which Twelfth Corps property is now being loaded. We have had to make requisition for you on Northern Central for 50 wagon cars, but they find it difficult to supply them on the moment. Every possible effort is being made to get the whole work completed to-morrow. The horses will give us no serious difficulty, as we have altered many of our house cars.

W. P. SMITH.

CAMDEN STATION, Baltimore, October 6, 1863-7.30 p.m.

(Received 8.40 p.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

I received the copy of Colonel Scott's dispatch regarding the condition of the Ohio River, and at once telegraphed for the latest information as to the state of water at Parkersburg and Wheeling. I find there are but 12 inches in the channel at Benwood, and falling. The upper Ohio is, therefore, entirely too low for navigation. I understand the rise only extended to the vicinity of Cincinnati. My responses from Captain Cole and other parties in the West state that every possible effort is being made to facilitate the present movement.

I have given such instructions to remedy the difficulty about the peculiar description of cars required (flat and stock cars), as, I trust, will obviate serious trouble on this point. Our efforts in the preparation of suitable cars will, we anticipate, enable us to clear up the whole work at Washington to-morrow. Thirteen trains has passed Harper's Ferry prior to 2 this afternoon, and we look for the arrival of the first trains at the river during this evening. Our telegraphic reports from all points on the line continue favorable regarding

