
the progress of the trains. All additional necessary at the river have been constructed and platforms ordered at Bellaire and Indianapolis to secure the prompt loading of animals and wagons.

The final reports show that the rear of General Hooker's column has been transported with general dispatch and success upon the Ohio and Indiana roads. I beg to submit for your information copy of telegram to Captain Cole, instructing him to exercise the necessary powers to meet difficulties.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

[Inclosure.]

Captain LEWIS M. COLE:

I have your telegram of 5th instant. Your energy and success in meeting the difficulties by which you have been surrounded command approval. No failure must occur in the present important movement.

The Secretary of War continues most anxious to secure the earliest possible transportation of the horses, mules, wagons, &amp;c., now en route. In order to meet the extraordinary demand for stock cars our company has been engaged day and night in altering house cars, by placing in them additional floors, &c. We have thus met the whole necessity. To any extent that deficiencies exist in stock cars between Bellaire and Jeffersonville, order similar alterations of house cars so as to secure promptness. See that you control sufficient flats. If necessary, exercise the power placed in your hands in securing such cars to the extent required, from as many roads as may be requisite to accomplish the object. Do not fail in making requisition in full time to prevent delays. If the men upon the route are worn out, order suitable and reliable men from connecting lines to work these trains through to Jeffersonville. The necessity is imperative, and you must not fail in using any means that are necessary to obtain the required results

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

LOUISVILLE, KY., October 6, 1863.

(Received 11.45 a.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Commanding officer at Glasgow telegraphs from Cave City that the rebels captured nearly all his force at Glasgow and took the place. Glasgow is but 9 miles from the Louisville and Nashville road at Cave City, which is but 75 miles south of Louisville. It is now certain that all communication between Louisville and the army will be broken by the enemy.

All the troops, except the men with artillery equipments and horses following have reached Nashville. We continue to load all that arrives here, and have them ready for movement, and will hold them subject to orders of Commanding General Slocum, at Nashville, until telegraphic communications are restored, which will probably be in the next few hours, and after that time will hold them subject to the orders of the commanding general here.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Colonel, and Aide-de-Camp.

13 R R-VOL XXIX, PT I

