HEADQUARTERS, Louisville, October 6, 1863.

(Received 10.20 p.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

Contrary to the expectations of Mr. Guthrie and our other railroad friends here, the line to Nashville is still unmolested by the rebels. We have sent out four trains this p.m. General Boyle has his forces on the alert. All that is possible will be done to protect the line and continue the movement south. Everything belonging to the Eleventh and Twelfth Corps has gone forward, except one battery and about 400 horses that hey have held over, at Indianapolis to feed. We shall turn all our equipment in supplies for the army to-morrow if the liens is all right.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,Colonel, and Aide-de-Camp.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., October 6, 1863.

(Received 9 a.m., 7th.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

The last of the movement of Eleventh and Twelfth Corps, consisting of horses and baggage, left this point at 9.30 this p.m. The movements have been finished in nine days.

L. M. COLE,

Captain,and Aide-de-Camp.

LOUISVILLE, KY., October 7, 1863-9 a.m.

(Received 6.50 p.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Line to Nashville all right this morning. Rebels are being closely pursued. Have copy of message to Innes.

The remains belonging to Eleventh and Twelfth Corps now here and at Jeffersonville. Will load them all to-day and get General Boyle to send out a guard to scour the city for stragglers and send them all of this evening.

When will next shipments be made, and by what route will they reach Louisville?

THOMAS A. SCOTT.

CHIEF QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE, Washington, October 9, 1863.

Colonel HENRY C. HODGES,

Chief Q. M., Army of the Cumberland, Nashville, Tenn.:

I am directed by the Quartermaster-General to inform you by telegraph that all the transportation for the Eleventh and Twelfth Corps has gone forward. The transportation of the Eleventh Corps consists of 261 six-mule teams, 75 two-horse ambulances, and 3 spring wagons. The transportation of the Twelfth Corps consists of 150 four-horse teams, 156 six-mule teams, and 75 two-horse ambulances;

