
all with horses, harness, wagon-masters, assistant wagon-masters, and drivers; all in good order. The first shipment was made Wednesday evening, October 7.

D. H. RUCKER,

Brigadier-General, and Quartermaster.

CAMDEN STATION, Baltimore, Md., October 12, 1863.

(Received 12.50 p.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Mr. Smith reports that he reached Indianapolis Sunday p.m., an that he finds 250 cars of the present movement have arrived there and been reloaded for Jeffersonville, including yesterday's work; 100 additional loads were arriving about 7 p.m. yesterday and, he reports, would be sent to Jeffersonville early this day (Monday), cars being in readiness. He expects all the freight to reach Indianapolis during Monday night,and to be able to get it all to Jeffersonville by Tuesday or Wednesday.

Notwithstanding Captain Cole's protracted labors, Mr. Smith reports him still energetic and efficient. He calls attention to the fact that some delays have occurred and were necessary at the Ohio River and Indianapolis in order to feed and rest the animals, and that generally arrangements were so made as to use the night during which the mules could not be successfully reloaded. While the movement has thus progressed in good time, I trust the animals by this care will arrive at their destination in such condition as to be useful.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

CAMDEN STATION, October 16, 1863.

(Received 9.30 p.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Confidential agent has just arrived. Inventory of capacity in Ohio is satisfactory. The largest figure named can be readily accomplished, if water permits. It is still low and the question now will depend simply upon the rise.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

LOUISVILLE, October 17, 1863.

(Received 9.30 p.m.)

E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Your dispatch of last night received this afternoon. Will wait arrival of messenger at Galt House as requested. All the stock of the railroad from Louisville to Stevenson is now in use of Government. Some of the animals have suffered in the journey from Washington, and I have directed that others be substituted from the stock on hand here, which is good. Rest and food will recruit the travelers.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

