
preparing for a paid a raid toward this valley or Lewisburg (the latter, I think), though I have taken every precaution to be advised of their advance in this direction in time to meet them on Shenandoah Mountain, where the pass is fortified. I have an outpost 60 miles to my front at the base of the Alleghany Mountains, with relays of couriers back to my camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. IMBODEN,

Brigadier-General.

General R. E. LEE.

SEPTEMBER 26, 1863.- Skirmish at Richards' Ford, Va.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Addison W. Preston, First Vermont Cavalry.

GROVE CHURCH, VA., September 26, 1863.

SIR: A lieutenant and 13 men belonging, to this regiment were captured and 1 man killed at picket post at Richards' Ford at about 4 o'clock this morning; 2 of the number at the post made their Stafford Court-House, and crossed with their prisoners at Richards' Fort in face of the pickets of the Eighth New York Cavalry.

According to the best information obtained, they were dismounted. They probably crossed the Rapidan near its mouth. Upon being informed of the occurrence, I immediately dispatched scouting parties, who have scoured the country thoroughly in nearly every direction, but have elicited no further information in regard to their movements.

We have frequent skirmishes with the guerrilla bands infesting this vicinity, our men having killed 1 and wounded 3 others of their number. A scout from this regiment reports a party of 30 in one squad seen yesterday,and another party encountered numbering about 12 men, 1 of whom our men wounded last night.

This detachment is relieved to-night by the Sixth and Ninth New York Regiments of cavalry, who have already arrived for that purpose. I shall report in person to you to-morrow. I send this by Captain Stanford, who has been here visiting the posts picketed by this detachment.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. W. PRESTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain L. G. ESTES, Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEPTEMBER 27-28, 1863.- Scout on Hazel River, Va.

Report of Brigadier General Judson Kilpatrick, commanding Third Division, Cavalry Corps.

HDQRS. THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, September 28, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that agreeable to instructions received from indorsements on inclosed papers, I immediately

