
sent out a party under the command of Captain Grinton, Second New York Cavalry, who reports as follows:

That he scoured the country thoroughly in the neighborhood of Rixey's on the Mud pike, crossed Hazel River at Browning's Ford, and made up the river on the north side to the Sperryville pike.

He further reports that from all information he can gain, the party who shot Lieutenant Williams was a scouting party connected with a party of guerrillas quartered about 3 miles from Hazel River and 6 miles in a northeasterly direction from the bridge on the pike. They cross the river at night and return early in the morning.

Very respectfully,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

Captain C. C. SUYDAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS, September 27, 1863.

GENERAL: Lieutenant Williams, acting assistant quartermaster, was brought in at an early hour this morning, his high badly shattered near the hip, too high to amputate. There are but small hopes for his life.

He was not shot by guerrillas, but by Lieutenant Tidball [W. B. Tidwell?] Independent [Second] North Carolina Cavalry, who had a party of 12 men. Lieutenant Williams was carried to Rixey's by 2 contrabands, where he was found.

The enemy have a force of cavalry not far in rear of the Sixth Corps and send daily scouting parties behind us, between our line and Hazel River.

I am, respectfully, &amp;c.,WM. H. FRENCH,

Major-General.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, &c., Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 27, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Pleasonton.

By order:

A. A. HUMPHREYS,Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, September 27, 1863.

Brigadier-General KILPATRICK,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires that you will send out a party, without delay, to look after the force of the enemy's cavalry reported within to be in rear of the Sixth Corps. Please return his communication with report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. SUYDAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

