
SEPTEMBER 30, 1863.- Destruction of Confederate Salt-Works on Back Bay, Va.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel William Lewis, Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

GREAT BRIDGE, VA., September 30, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that expedition sent out on the 29th ultimo, under command of Captain Ker, of the purpose of destroying the salt-works on Back Bay, Princess Anne County, was entirely successful. On the morning of the 30th ultimo, six pans on Back Bay shore, two of which belonged to Denis Huel, four to B. Carson in operation at the time, were destroyed. Also six pans belonging to a Mr. Sandis, in operation, the salt being used to supply the neighborhood. These pans produce about 6 bushels of salt each per day, and the salt is valued at about $5 per bushel.

A force of guerrillas, numbering about 100, who were guarding the works, fled to one of the islands at the mouth of Back Bay on the approach of our troops.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. LEWIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant C. H. SHEPARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Brigade.

OCTOBER 1, 1863.- Skirmish at Lewinsville, Va.

REPORTS.

No. 1.- Colonel John C. Tidball, Fourth New York Artillery.

No. 2.- Captain Carroll H. Potter, Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army.

No. 3.- Lieutenant Colonel Elijah V. White, Thirty-fifth Virginia Cavalry Battalion, including skirmish (1st) near Harper's

Ferry, W. Va.

No. 2. Report of Colonel John C. Tidball, Fourth New York Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS FORT ETHAN ALLEN, October 2, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that at half past 2 this morning a messenger arrived from the contraband farms, and reported to me that the guard here had been attacked. I at once dispatched three companies, about 300 men, under Lieutenant-Colonel Allcock. The latter reports to me as follows:

LEWINSVILLE, October 2 [1863]- 5 a.m.

White, with 150 men, attacked this camp, Beckwith, at half past 12, killing 2 of the cavalry, and wounding 3 slightly. He captured 51 cavalry horses, and 15 to 20 cavalrymen; also 12 infantry. They also took 13 government horses.

THOS. ALLCOCK,Lieutenant-Colonel Fourth New York Artillery.

