
leading to the Alexandria and Leesburg pike, in the direction of Dranesville; crossed the pike and took the roar leading to Vienna. Could hear nothing of any guerrillas or any force of the enemy whatever. From Vienna I took the Loudoun and Hampshire Railroad for Fall Church. On this railroad, when within about 2 miles from Fall Church, I met Lieutenant G. H. Anderson, Sixteenth New York Cavalry, with his detachment patrolling the railroad. He had seen or heard nothing from the enemy, and I came on through Falls Church, over Aqueduct Bridge, to headquarters, where I arrived at about 4.30 o'clock p. m., October 3, 1863.*

Respectfully submitted.

C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,October 5, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded to the Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, with the recommendation that First Lieutenant W. J. Keays, Company B, Sixteenth Regiment New York Cavalry, be summarily dismissed the service of the United States, or tried by general court-martial.

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

OCTOBER 8, 1863.

The summary dismissal, of Lieutenant Keays recommended.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

OCTOBER 8, 1863.

Dismissal ordered by Secretary of War.+

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Elijah V. White, Thirty-fifth Virginia Cavalry Battalion, including skirmish (1st) near harper's Ferry.

OCTOBER 2, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I surprised the enemy's camp at Lewinsville last night. My force numbered 50 men; his one company of cavalry and a small company of infantry. Killed 4, and captured 20 prisoners and 64 horses.

I sent at same time Lieutenant Dowdell, Company C, with 50 men,

on scout in the direction of Harper's Ferry. Encountered Captain Means, with 75 men, about 5 miles from that place. Charged and

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 2 killed, 3 wounded, and 10 missing.

+ Revoked.

---------------

