
Pennsylvania Light Artillery, for the purpose of capturing an armed force, known as the "Confederate Volunteer Coast Guard," which was supposed to be in Matthews County.

The navy gunboats Commodore Jones, Putnam, and Stepping Stones, and four army gunboats, under command of Major Stevenson, held the avenues of escape afforded by the numerous rivers which intersect this country. The infantry and artillery, under General Wistar, were disposed so as hold the neck of the county, and the cavalry, under Colonel Spear, were sent to make a thorough examination of the country, which was thoroughly and well done.

About 150 boats and schooners were destroyed 80 head of beef cattle en route to Richmond were captured, and some 4 persons were taken. The "coast guard" had, however, gone to the Eastern Shore, in their boats, and I have sent two army gunboats and a detachment of troops to endeavor to catch them there. Our casualties consist of only 1 man killed, who was murdered by a bushwhacker named Smith. This man Smith, being caught in the act, was tried by drumhead court-martial and immediately hanged.

General Wistar speaks in high terms of praise of the marching, discipline, cheerfulness, and obedience of the Fourth Regiment U. S. Colored Troops.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. Halleck,

General-in-Chief.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General Isaac J. Wistar, U. S. Army, commanding expedient.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Yorktown, October 9, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, pursuant to orders from the major-general commanding, the expedition for Matthews County marched from here at 5 a. m. on the 5th instant, under my command.

The forces employed were as follows: Part of the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, Colonel Spear, 450 men; the First New York Mounted Rifles, Captain Poor, 50 men; the Fourth U. S. Colored Infantry, Colonel Duncan, 744 men; one section of Battery E,

First Pennsylvania Light Artillery, 27 men, and one section of the Eighth New York Battery (Artillery) Captain Orwig, 24 men.

In addition to these land troops, the following-named army gunboats, under command of Major Stevenson, aided by the navy gunboats Commodore Jones, Putnam, and Stepping Stones, in pursuance of ordered from me, took position around the peninsula of Matthews County, on the afternoon of the 5th instant, so as to prevent the escape of any enemy's force by water, to wit: Flora Temple, C. P. Smith, Smith Briggs, General Jesup, West End, Sam. Ruatan, Young Rover, and the transport Maple Leaf.

Colonel Spear, with his cavalry, was pushed directly forward to

