
Numbers 3. Report of Major John S. Stevenson, Third Pennsylvania Heavy Artillery.

YORKTOWN, VA., October 8, 1863.

Succeeded in capturing 4 rebel naval officers, some of the crew, some 75 head of cattle. Destroyed large number of boats of all descriptions, but did not find the boats on wheels.

JOHN S. STEVENSON,

Major, Third Pennsylvania Artillery.

Major General J. G. FOSTER.

Numbers 4. Report of Lieutenant Sylvester B. Partridge, Signal Officer, Y. S. Army.

YORKTOWN, VA., October 9, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations on an expedition from which I returned yesterday:

On the 4th instant, I received orders from General Wistar to report for duty to Lieutenant-Commander Gillis, also to order Lieutenant Tuckerman to report to Colonel Spear, of the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, and to place a sergeant on board the army tug Smith Briggs, commanded by Major Stevenson, of the Third Pennsylvania Heavy Artillery.

On the following morning, I went with 1 man on board Captain Gillis' boat (the Jones), and we steamed down, with the fleet of gunboats and army tugs, to Mobjack Bay, where I was transferred to the gunboat Stepping Stones, Captain Campbell, as that was the lightest draught boat, and would proceed farthest inland on the small rivers. We proceeded about 7 miles up the North River and anchored.

On the 6th instant, we communicated by flag signals, through Lieutenant Tuckerman, with General Wistar, who was about 3 miles distant, with the land force of artillery and infantry. We received orders to proceed no farther up the river, but to remain at anchor until further orders. During the day we received on board 5 prisoners, 3 from the cavalry and 2 from the navy of the rebel service.

Whenever General Wistar wished to convey to the gunboat, it was done by means of flag signals. Gunboats or army tugs were sent up all the principal rivers to protect the land force, and to intercept all of the enemy who might be cut off and attempt to escape.

During the forenoon of the 8th instant, we received orders from General Wistar to call in the other boats and proceed immediately to Yorktown. After going down the river a few miles we saw the Smith Briggs, to which I communicated the orders by flag signals, and the fleet returned to Yorktown in the afternoon.

The cavalry proceeded several miles into the interior, but I have not learned the result of their expedition.

respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. PARTRIDGE,

First Lieutenant, Signal Corps, U. S. Army.

Captain H. R. CLUM,

Signal Officer.

