
vance, consisting of 100 men, Twelfth Virginia Cavalry, was met deterred them. The Twelfth Virginia went up the valley the same day toward Winchester; Gilmor went toward Martinsburg, but the next day fell back to their rendezvous, which is said to be near White Post.

I think if a force had left martinsburg on the 8th, they might have been caught, as a scout of 12 men sent out from that place on that day came in sight of and followed them a long distance. I believe that if cavalry force of 500 in party were to start simultaneously from Charlestown and Martinsburg, and another stronger party if possible from Romney, this band could be destroyed, and the valley cleared.

Our loss was: Captain George D. Summers, Company F, Cavalry,

Second Maryland Regiment, [Potomac Home Brigade,] killed[and 1 man killed and 4 wounded].

I think Colonel Simpson's disposition and management of his small force very judicious. The loss of Captain Summers is greatly to be deplored. A brave, daring soldier, a perfect officer and thorough gentleman, his place is not easily filled.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. WELLS,

Colonel, Thirty-fourth Mass. Infantry, Comadg, First Brigade.

Captain WILLIAM M. BOONE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OCTOBER 7, 1863.-Affair at Utz's Ford, Va.

Report of Major General J. E. B. Stuart, C. S. Army, commanding cavalry.
HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,October 8, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that 24 men from Companies A and B, [Seventh Virginia Cavalry,] commanded by Lieuts. G. T. Smith, of Company A, and Humphreys, of Company B, forded the river near Utz's Ford last night, and, attacking the reserve picket at that ford, killed 1, wounded 1, and captured 6 prisoners, with 22 horses and equipments.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-general.

Colonel R. H. CHILTON,

Chief of Staff, Hdqrs. Army of Northern Virginia.

October 9-13 1863.-Expedition to Chesnessex Creek, Va., and Vicinity.

Report of Lieutenant Thomas S. Harris, Third Pennsylvania Heavy Artillery.

ON BOARD STEAMER C. P. SMITH,

October 13, 1863.

MAJOR: Pursuant to orders, I proceeded to Chesnessex Creek on October 9, 1863, where I arrived on the same evening. I proceeded

