
then to Drummondtown, to see Captain Graham, the provost marshal. He informed me that an attack was expected upon Chincoteague light-House, which information I conveyed to Major Stevenson through Lieutenant Lawrence, commanding the steamer Flora Temple.

Captain Graham further informed me that the schooner Columbia was lying at Ape's Hole near the head of Pocomoke Sound, and about 15 miles distant from Drummondtown.

On Monday morning, I procured a pilot, and at once started to Ape's Hole, where I found the schooner. Not being able to get her out, I set fire to the craft and burned her to the water's edge.

The information I obtained regarding the Columbia was, that a band of about 40 men, headed by a certain josiah Mason, used this vessel for smuggling, and for robbing and plundering the vessels on the sound. When a short distance from the mouth of Ape's Hole I observed three boats lying alongside the Columbia, one of which seemed heavily loaded. As soon as their crew saw that the steamer was entering the harbor, they suddenly escaped with their boats.

I also heard this morning, on leaving Chesnessex, that last evening a lead-color painted sloop came out of Ape's Hole, chasing several small vessels and firing on them.

I arrived at Fort Monroe, with my boat and crew, at 3 p. m. to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS S. HARRIS,

Second Lieutenant, 3rd Pa. Art., Commanding Steamer C. P. Smith.

Major JOHN S. STEVENSON,

Third Pennsylvania Artillery.

OCTOBER 9-22, 1863.-The Bristoe, Virginia, Campaign.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

Oct. 9, 1863.-The Army of Northern Virginia crosses the Rapidan.

Skirmish near James City.

10, 1863.-Skirmishes at Russell's Ford, on Robertson's River, Bethsaida Church, and James City.

Skirmishes at raccoon, Germanna, and Morton's Fords.

11, 1863.-Skirmish near Culpeper Court-House.

Skirmishes at Griffinsburg, Culpeper, and Brandy Station.

Skirmishes at Morton's Ford, Stevensburg, and near Kelly's Ford.

Skirmish near Warrenton, or Sulphur, Springs.

12, 1863.-Skirmishes at Jeffersonton and Gaines' Cross-Roads.

Skirmish at Brandy Station, or Fleetwood.

Skirmish at hartwood Church.

Action at Warrenton, or Sulphur, Springs.

13, 1863.-Skirmishes near warrenton and at Fox's Ford.

Action at Auburn.

14, 1863.-Engagement at Bristoe Station.

Skirmishes at Saint Stephen's Church, Catlett's Station, Gainesville, and Grove Church, and near Centreville and Brentsville.

