
pahannock, forced the passage of that river, pursued the enemy to the Rapidan, and on the 9th took up positions in the vicinity of Culpeper similar to those formerly occupied. Headquarters went into camp near Brandy Station, which was our principal depot on the railroad.

The Mine Run Campaign came next, and was opened on the 23rd of November. The baggage of officers and men was reduced to the minimum marching allowance. All unserviceable and extra property, trunks, &amp;c., were sent to the rear.

The troops were ordered to take eight days' rations on their persons. The supply trains were loaded with ten days' rations subsistence and forage, and the depots were broken up.

The army crossed the Rapidan in three columns; the right by Jacobs' Ford, the center by Germanna Ford, and the left by the Culpeper Ford.

Only one-half of the ammunition wagons and ambulances accompanied the troops. All the other trains were assembled at Richardsville, and, as usual, placed under my immediate control. None of the wagons were permitted to cross the Rapidan except by special orders from the general commanding.

While the army remained at Mine Run, it was supplied, as it had been at Chancellorsville, Gettysburg, &c., by bringing up wagons and pack-mules in the night or when the roads were not occupied by troops on the march.

The campaign was not successful. The army fell back on the 1st of December, and the troops went into their old camps on the 2nd.*

* * * * * * *

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General, and Chief Quartermaster.

Bvt. Major General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

Numbers 5. Report of Captain Peter A. Taylor, U. S. Signal Corps.

WATERY MOUNTAIN SIGNAL STATION,

Near Warrenton, Va., November 2, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the party under my charge for the month of October, 1863:

October 1.-On station, Thoroughfare Mountain, party consisting of Lieutenant Warts, myself, and 5 flagmen-communicating by flag with Pony Mountain, Cedar Mountain, and General Kilpatrick's headquarters, 3 1/2 miles northeast from the mountains.

From the 1st to the 7th, inclusive, nothing of importance transpired along the enemy's lines. "All quiet, no change," was invariably reported by the station.

October 8.-On the morning of this day, it was discovered that the

---------------

* Portion here omitted relates to operations of the Army of the Potomac, May 4-June 30, 1864.

---------------

