
AUGUST 4-7, 1863.-Army and Naval Reconnaissance on James River, Va., and Engagement (6th).

REPORTS.*

Numbers 1.-Major General John G. Foster, U. S. Army, commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina.

Numbers 2.-Major General Arnold Elzey, C. S. Army, commanding Department of Richmond.

Numbers 3.-Brigadier General Henry A. Wise, C. S. Army.

Numbers 4.-Colonel Powhatan R. Page, Twenty-sixth Virginia Infantry, commanding brigade.

Numbers 5.-Lieutenant Colonel J. Calvin, Twenty-sixth Virginia Infantry.

Numbers 6.-Major Alexander W. Stark, C. S. Artillery.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General John G. Foster, U. S. Army, commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina.

FORT MONROE, VA.,

August 7, 1863-11.30 a. m. (Received 5.15 p. m.)

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I have returned from a reconnaissance toward Fort Darling. In company with Commodore Gansevoort I left here on Tuesday morning, taking the iron-clad Sangamon, gunboat Barney, and tug Chassett. We proceeded as far as Trent Reach, about 14 miles this side of Fort Darling, when, owing to the shallowness of the water, the iron-clad was unable to go farther. Wishing to carry out my original intention, we moved on board of the Commodore Barney, and proceeded to within about 4 miles of the fort. Here 3 torpedoes were exploded under the Barney, temporarily disabling her and forcing us to return. The reconnaissance was perfectly successful, and valuable information was obtained.

I have the honor, general, to be your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

Numbers 2. Report of Major General Arnold Elzey, C. S. Army, commanding Department of Richmond.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF RICHMOND,August 12, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to forward the accompanying reports of an engagement of a portion of my command with the enemy's gunboats on the James River. I beg leave to commend to the notice and favorable consideration of the Government the conduct of Colonel P. R. Page. Lieutenant Colonel J. C. Council, and Major A. W. Stark, on that occasion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ARNOLD ELZEY,

Major-General, Commanding Department of Richmond.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

---------------

*For report of Captain Guert Gansevoort, U. S. Navy, see Annual Report of the Secretary of the Navy, December 7, 1863.

---------------

