
enemy had the night before stealthily withdrawn a portion of his forces from General Meade's front, which fact I at once reported to General Meade through you, and to General Kilpatrick, commanding cavalry force on right flank of our army. A close watch was now kept upon our front for any development of the intention of the enemy.

October 9.-At 12 m. a general movement on part of enemy became apparent to us. A long wagon train and column of infantry was seen moving toward Madison Court-House on the Gordonsville pike, and an hour later another column, moving in same direction, on the Orange Court-House road. Reports of the movement were at once forwarded General Meade through you, and to General Kilpatrick.

October 10.-On the morning of this day, the enemy's columns, which had halted outside Madison Court-House, were seen moving through that town toward the extreme right of our army, which information was immediately forwarded. The enemy soon after came up with General Kilpatrick's pickets on Robertson's River, drove them back, and moved in strong force on James City and Thoroughfare Mountain, with the evident intention to clear the Springville road for his moving columns, and to possess the mountain, from which to watch the movements of our forces.

My party, with guard of 15 men, left the mountain when enemy had gained the summit from direction of James City, and were advancing across the point threatening to cut us off from the east side, the only path left open for escape. We succeeded in taking away all public property in our charge. Leaving the mountain, I reported the state of affairs to General Custer, near Wayland's Mills, who gave me to understand that he had too much to attend to, to spare a force sufficient to take the mountain and hold it. I then Reported to General Kilpatrick, who said he had ordered General Custer to report to him, and, when he came up, would have him retake and hold the mountain.

Being satisfied in my mind that the movement of the enemy would necessitate the falling back of our forces, and that the mountain would no longer be required as a signal station, I reported to you at headquarters of the army et Culpeper, leaving Lieutenant Warts

with General Kilpatrick to re-occupy the station should General Custer come up and take it in my absence.

Received orders from you to order Lieutenant Warts in at once, as the army moved back to the Rappahannock the following morning. I feel confident in saying that the first intimation of movement on part of enemy, together with information of actual movement, reached the general commanding, through Thoroughfare Mountain Signal Station, twenty-four hours earlier than through any other source.

From the 11th to the 20th, inclusive, performed no signal duty myself, being relived by you on account of illness. Lieutenant Warts, of my set, was, however, transferred to another set, and performed duty near Centreville.

October 21.-Received orders from you at Gainesville to proceed with my party (Lieutenant Warts having returned to me for duty) to Watery Mountain, near Warrenton, and to open communication with headquarters on their arrival at W. Reached Watery Mountain at 2 p. m., and at once opened communication with Fifth Corps headquarters at New Baltimore, and Sixth Corps headquarters near

