
Warrenton at 5.30 p. m. Report to General Meade through you the position of the enemy south of the Rappahannock.

October 23.-At 1 p. m. opened communication with Third Corps headquarters at Catlett's Station, and at 1.30 p. m. with Second Corps headquarters at Turkey Run. Lieutenant Abbott, with 2 flagmen, reported to me duty on my request for another officer.

October 25.-At 7 p. m. communication was established with Fifth Corps headquarters at Auburn.

October 26.-Telegraphic communication now being between general headquarters and the Second and Third Corps, notified the officers at those station that flag communication was no longer desired; it accordingly ceased. At 12.30 p. m. flag communication ceased with Fifth Corps, Captain Hall notifying me that the headquarters were moving.

October 27.-At 12 m. communication opened with general headquarters at Auburn.

October 28.-Communication opened with General Gregg, commanding Second Cavalry Division, between Warrenton and Sulphur Springs, communicating between him and General Pleasonton's headquarters at Auburn.

October 30.-At 12 m. communication ceased with headquarters at Auburn, receiving notice of their removal to Colonel Murray's, near Three-Mile Station, on Warrenton Branch Railroad. At 3.35 p. m. communication had with headquarters at Colonel Murray's through Sixth Corps signal station and telegraph.

October 31.-At 4.30 p. m. flag communication direct to headquarters; heavy camp smoke intervening precluded the possibility of earlier direct communication. This station since its establishment has reported daily or oftener to the general commanding, through you, on the position of the enemy south of the Rappahannock, besides communicating between the different army corps.

Lieutenants Warts and Abbott have discharged their duties as signal officers most satisfactorily. Lieutenant Warts rendered valuable aid at the station and Thoroughfare Mountain. For copies of the messages sent and received during the month and for reports of observations made, I refer you to the accompanying parcel.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. A. TAYLOR,

Captain, Signal Corps, U. S. Army.

Captain L. B. NORTON,

Chief Signal Officer, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 6. Report of Major General John Newton, U. S. Army, commanding First Army Corps, of skirmish at Hay Market.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,November 12, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward herewith my report of the skirmish at Hay Market.

I have not hitherto considered it necessary to make any official mention of an affair with which my command had so little to do, but so much has lately been published about it, that I feel it incumbent

