
on me state the circumstances, and let blame, if any, fall where it is due.

My command was stretched along the road from Gainesville to Thoroughfare Gap, communicating by pickets on the cross-roads with the Warrenton pike.

Immediately upon receiving notice from General Kilpatrick of the pressure upon him, and which was reported to me to be cavalry strongly supported by infantry, I sent the First Brigade, First Division of this corps, commanded by Colonel W. W. Robinson, out toward the Warrenton pike, and succeeded in preserving one brigade (I think Custer's), which being driven in from that road. General Kilpatrick's main body came in on the road from Thoroughfare Gap in great confusion.

My pickets allowed our cavalry to pass through them, and attempted to repel that of the enemy, but being unfortunately but necessarily posted in the open ground, they were overborne, and driven in on the road from Thoroughfare Gap. My command was promptly under arms to repel attack, and the One hundred and forty-third Pennsylvania Regiment (Colonel Dana), of the Third Division, was ordered forward to support Elder's battery, which went into position and opened fire upon the enemy about 400 yards in advance of my line of battle. This was about 7.30 p. m. The enemy picked in front of my line until about midnight, when they retired.

In conclusion, I have to regret that my loss in killed, wounded, and prisoners amounted to about 50, most of the latter being lost through the misconduct of an officer of the pickets, who has since been dismissed the service on that account.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN NEWTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 7. Report of brig. General John R. Kenly, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of skirmish at Hay Market.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FIRST ARMY CORPS,October 27, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, on the arrival of my division at Hay Market, the evening of the 19th instant, I received orders from Major General John Newton, commanding the corps, to cover the roads leading to Thoroughfare Gap and Leesburg, and to place heavy reserves from my pickets on both these roads at a distance of at least 1 1/2 miles from the village.

In pursuance of these orders, I immediately detailed and pushed forward the Seventh Maryland Regiment, Colonel Edwin H. Webster commanding, of the Third Brigade of my division, with instructions based upon the orders I had received from Major-General Newton. I also ordered Colonel Webster to throw a chain of sentries in front of my camp, from the Gap road to the Leesburg road. These dispositions had scarcely been made before fugitives announced that

