
Brigadier-General Davies' brigade of cavalry was approaching and was being pursued by the enemy. I formed my division at once, and soon the rattle of musketry from the reserves on the road to the Gap showed that they were engaged. While the firing continued, a battery of horse artillery connected with the cavalry halted, unlimbered, and opened fire at a distance of some 400 yards from my line of battle. this cannonading, and the fire from my pickets, checked the enemy's advance, and the cavalry, with its battery, withdrew to a position rear of my lines.

I should mention that at the time the battery halted, I received a message from Brigadier-General Davies, by a staff officer, asking for an infantry support, and that I promptly sent him the One hundred and forty-third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Edmund L. Dana commanding, of the Second Brigade of my division. In about two hours after the withdrawal of the cavalry from the front, feeling uneasy about my pickets, I led forward the First Maryland Regiment, Lieutenant Colonel John W. Wilson commanding, to their support, and had scarcely gotten them in line before the enemy's cavalry made a dash down the road from the Gap, having come in from the left and got between Colonel Webster's line of pickets and the supports just brought up. A rapid firing by file, from the First Maryland, checked immediately the enemy's advance, and they retreated, carrying off with them a few prisoners taken from the picket line. Subsequent to this the night passed off without any disturbance.

I have the honor to forward herewith the official reports of Colonel Webster and Lieutenant-Colonel Wilson.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN R. KENLY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel C. KINGSBURY, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Army Corps.

Numbers 8. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John W. Wilson, First Maryland Infantry, Third Brigade, of skirmish at Hay Market.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MARYLAND VOLUNTEERS,October 27, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following as a report of the engagement between the pickets of my command and the rebels on the night of Monday, October 19, 1863:

After the Maryland Brigade was withdrawn from the north side of Hay Market, I received orders from Colonel N. T. Dushane, commanding brigade, to proceed to the support of the Seventh Maryland Regiment, which was on picket in front of the town. Arriving at the point designated, I was ordered by general Kenly, commanding division, to divide my regiment, stationing one wing on each side of the road, and to throw out skirmishers toward the Gap. I immediately commenced the execution of this order, advancing Company A as skirmishers on both sides of the road.

While so advancing, and when about 300 yards from the main body, they were fired on by a party of the enemy's cavalry, and the

