
fire being returned the enemy fell back. Finding the enemy a considerable distance inside of the original picket line held by the Seventh Maryland Regiment, I deemed it prudent to strengthen and extend my line, which I did by advancing Companies F, G, and B, extending said line from the Leesburg road on the right to the pickets of the First Division on a small stream on my left.

The cavalry pickets of the enemy remained in our front until about 10 o'clock p. m., when they were withdrawn.

I am, captain, with great respect, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. WILSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding First Maryland Vols.

Captain F. C. TARR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 9. Report of Colonel Edwin H. Webster, Seventh Maryland Infantry, of skirmish at Hay Market.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH MARYLAND VOLUNTEERS,Bristoe Station, Va., October 27, 1863.

SIR: I obedience to orders from division headquarters, received through brigade headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the engagement of my pickets with the enemy at Hay Market, on Monday, October 19th:

On the arrival of the division at Hay Market on the afternoon of the 19th instant, my regiment was detailed for picket duty for the division, and I was appointed division officer of the day. My instructions were to place a strong picket well advance on the roads leading to Leesburg and Thoroughfare Gap, and a chain of pickets between these so as to connect them. Under these instructions a force of 125 men was posted on the Leesburg road under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Phelps, with its outposts about 1 1/2 miles from Hay Market; a force of 125 men, under command of Captain of Captain Makechney, Company B, was posted on the Thoroughfare Gap road, with its outposts also about 1 1/2 miles from Hay Market. The chain of pickets between these two roads, which ran at right angles to each other and crossing at Hay Market, was about three-fourths of a mile from that place, and were under command of Captains Cochran, Company H, and Anderson, Company I.

Just as I had concluded posting the chain about midway between the roads mentioned, I heard firing to my left, apparently near Makechney's outpost. I immediately hastened to that point, about 1 mile distant, and found that Stuart's rebel cavalry, which had been engagement with General Kilpatrick during the day, had succeeded in cutting off General Davies' brigade from the rest of the division, and was driving it in through Makechney's pickets, who were then engaged with the enemy. This was about sundown. This engagement with the enemy. This was about sundown. This engagement continued until dark, when our cavalry, having fallen back, leading my men unsupported and the enemy pressing around their left in considerable force, they were ordered to fall back on the road to Hay Market. This was done in excellent order. They were then halted and posted on the road opposite the chain of pickets and on

