
their extreme left. Here they were again attacked about 8 p. m., after the moon had risen.

It appears that no pickets had been posted on the left of my line, between the road to Thoroughfare Gap and the stream, about 500 yards still farther to the left. The enemy, taking advantage of this gap, had passed in the dark to the left and rear, and were thus able to attack us from the front, left, and rear. I was myself with Makechney's pickets at the time. The fire of the enemy was returned until I saw that we should soon be entirely surrounded, when I ordered the pickets to fall back on the right into an adjacent strip of woods. This was done in good order. A few of the men, before they reached the woods, were, however, captured by the enemy, who charged down the pike, and in the fields on its right and left; the enemy in considerable force having passed to my left and rear were repulsed by the First maryland Regiment, Colonel Wilson, which had been ordered to my support.

In connection with Colonel Wilson, the picket line, which had been disturbed on the left, was re-established. The right of my picket line, under Captain Anderson, and the picket under Lieutenant-Colonel Phelps, had not been disturbed. During the night the enemy withdrew.

My loss was 1 enlisted man killed and 5 wounded, and 1 officer and 15 men captured. Appended hereto is a list.*

In conclusion, it is proper to state the conduct of officers and men engaged was all that could be desired. They behaved with coolness and gallantry.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

EDWIN H. WEBSTER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain F. C. TARR, Asst. Adjt. General

Numbers 10. Reports of Major General Governor K. warren, U. S. Army, commanding Second Army Corps, with congratulatory orders.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,Camp on Turkey Run, near Warrenton, October 25, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the operations of this corps under my command from the time we left the vicinity of Culpeper, October 11, to our arrival at this place, October 23.

I do not propose, in doing this, to state any accomplished fact not already known to you, but to record the physical endurance and soldierly qualities of the command and do justice to the meritorious;to present, also, certain points illustrated by our experience, with the rare advantage of having retraced, after the movement, the ground over which we and our enemy passed, and with that enemy's official report of the same transactions in my possession.

The strength of the Second Corps was 587 officers 8,243 enlisted men in the ranks; 32 pieces of artillery, manned by 16 officers and 537 enlisted men, and no cavalry.

At 12 a. m., October 11, the corps began its march from the vicinity of Stone-House Mountain, keeping, as ordered, on the north side of the railroad. We crossed the Rappahannock on the railroad and

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

