
General Prince's division had not yet come up from the river. Two hours were thus lost to me waiting for it to arrive and pass, during which my men were under arms ready to move and lost the opportunity to rest. Notwithstanding this delay, General Prince's division soon came up on the rear of those of his corps in advance and again delayed our march. I mention these facts as deserving, in my opinion, special attention, as I know of no reason for the Third Corps retarding our movement as it did.

I should have mentioned that general Kilpatrick, with General Davies' cavalry brigade, also reached Fayetteville about the same time we did, and that General Custer's cavalry brigade joined him on the road to Three-Mile-Station. General Kilpatrick, with his division, then moved along on our left flank all the way to Auburn, making his own road through the woods and across the fields, with his artillery and ambulances.

We were much delayed in our march by the slow movement of the forces in front of us, and arriving at the Three-Mile Station I closed up and massed all my command, waiting for the Third Corps to move on, as it now occupied all the road.

While waiting thus, Colonel Morgan, inspector-general, and Captain Hazard, commanding the artillery, reconnoitered in advance and discovered routes by which we could pass along the flank of the column of the Third Corps, and I again moved on till I reached the vicinity of Auburn, on Cedar Run, with the head of the column. It was then dark and no crossing place of the stream was available not occupied by the Third Corps. I therefore halted my command in an excellent bivouac, where they prepared their meals, rested, and slept.

General Caldwell's division (the First) was in advance, next General Hays'(the Third), next general Webb's (the Second). The ammunition train, consisting of 100 wagons and 125 ambulances, together occupying 2 miles on the road, were left parked at the Tree-Mile Station with Colonel Carroll's brigade, from the Third Division, as their guard. Till late in the night the roads leading to Auburn were filled with the troops of General French's and General Kilpatrick's commands. A temporary check had been given them toward sunset by the Third Corps meeting the enemy's cavalry at Auburn, but these were easily pushed away.

The Third Corps, in accordance with instructions, continued to move toward Greenwich during the night. As soon as I halted I sent Captain Bingham to your headquarters to report, as directed, which duty proved perilous and laborious, but which he performed in a most satisfactory manner, bringing back instructions for me to proceed from Auburn to Catlett's Station, and them along the railroad to Centreville. He returned with this about 2 a. m., on October 14. My headquarters were at Colonel Murray's house.

My position now was one that caused me anxiety. I had not yet crossed Cedar Run, and knew of no available crossing place except at Auburn. My command was stretched along the road for 3 miles. on the side of Cedar Run the enemy was believed to be, and my route till I passed Auburn led me toward the enemy, who had nothing to prevent his concentrating the evening before at Warrenton, toward which he known to be moving, and which was only 5 miles distant. The cavalry encountered by the Third Corps, it might almost be considered as certain, had informed General Lee of our position, and report of General Stuart shows that they had

