
Numbers 3. Report of Brigadier General Henry A. Wise, C. S. Army.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Chaffin's Farm, August 9, 1863.

GENERAL: The official reports of the attacks, by a portion of my brigade, on the enemy's gunboats at Deep Bottom and Turkey Island, have been forwarded to you, and, in connection therewith, I beg leave to call the attention of the Department to one or two matters of much importance.

The Blakely guns were found, as I anticipated, not to have been duly inspected. One of the tow fired only ten rounds before its ball clogged and jammed in loading. So that it could not be used more, and has been sent to Richmond to extract its load, which could not be rammed home. Both seemed to have some obstruction in or about the middle of the bore.

The new friction primers were found very inferior to the old, and failed badly. I have ordered Major Stark to report, in detail, upon these matters, and the report will be forwarded soon. Had the artillery been of heavier pieces, several of the enemy's gunboats would have been sunk, I have not a doubt.

We now have but two Blakely guns and one 12-pounder to rely on, for any serious damage to wooden gunboats even. There are two "long Toms" at Chaffin's Bluff. They are on carriages, but have not the necessary equipments for rapid movement. Colonel Maury says I can have them. I ask that they be transferred from the navy to my command, and that they be allowed a proper outfit of horses, harness, and equipments in all respects. These, with the two heavy pieces which you have already mounted in Richmond, and which you promised to send to this post-where they ought to be kept, and where, in emergency, they can always be speedily forwarded to Richmond-would enable me to efficiently mount two positions on the river below, so as not to be compelled to follow the enemy so far, as the men had to double-quick, the other day, in order to command two positions, which they did with effect, but at great inconvenience.

A more important matter is the torpedoes in the river. Colonel Page attacked the enemy on the morning of the 6th instant. The day before one or more torpedoes were exploded in their front prematurely and without much damage.

I have never been officially informed in whose charge these torpedoes are placed. They are, I am told, now under command of Captain Davidson, of the navy. He was sick on the 5th and 6th, and I presume, from what is reported, that no competent person was left in charge of them.

Colonel Page states to me, that, on the evening of the 5th instant, about sundown, young Aiken, a youth of about eighteen years of age, came up and reported that he had exploded one of the torpedoes. He was in great excitement trepidation, and could give no clear account of the effect. Doubtless, had a competent person been at the batteries, the explosions would have destroyed one or more of the enemy's boats. Certain it is, that, heretofore, the submarine batteries and works have not at times been guarded at all.

I beg that attention may be called to this, and that more certainty

