
Brooke's brigade acting as its rear guard. Colonel Brooke was directed to hold, if possible, the high hill overlooking Catlett's Station, so as to conceal the movements of the rest until all the command passed out sight. This he did.

While I was thus with General Caldwell's division, those of Generals Hays and Webb, with a portion of the artillery and the ammunition and ambulance trains, moved on without interruption.

I sent orders forward to have this portion of my command halt at Catlett's Station till the rest should come up. As a pleasing instance of harmony of design to meet probable contingencies, I quote, first, from a dispatch from my chief of staff, Lieutenant-Colonel Morgan, who accompanied these division. He says:

I had anticipated the order. Both division are in position on the railroad at Catlett's Station.

Second, from Major-General Humphreys, chief of staff:

The general commanding directs me to say that it would be well for you to have points selected in advance of the head of your column upon which if you are followed by the enemy.

Thus it appears that by my commanding officer, myself, and my subordinates, the same precautions were deemed necessary, each acting on his judgment. When such harmony can be counted upon, specific instructions are not only unnecessary, but may prevent this spontaneous action, which anticipates orders from the emergency calling them forth.

While these division (the Second and Third) halted, the trains passed on to the toward Centreville, our appointed place of concentration, guarded by the Second Brigade, Second Division, under Colonel Baxter, which was thus thrown out of the more brilliant operations which closed the day at Bristoe.

At the position selected by Lieutenant-Colonel Morgan, near Catlett's Station, the best one on the railroad that its location afforded, I, with the First Division, rejoined the others of the Second Corps.

While on the road I received the following communication, dated Bristoe, 12 m., October 14:

The major-general commanding directed me to say that the road is entirely clear beyond this point. General Kilpatrick, at Buckland Mills, reports that the enemy's infantry are moving on the Warrenton pike. General Kilpatrick will leave Buckland Mills at 12 o'clock. Move forward as rapidly as you can, as they may send out a column from Gainesville to Bristoe. [I italicize because Bristoe proved to be the enemy's real objective point.] General Sykes is directed to keep up communication with you, and keep in supporting distance. The road is all clear for Sykes also. french directed to keep communication with Sykes and in supporting distance. Sykes will remain here you are up. [I italicize again as calling attention to the importance of these parts.]

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff.

Notwithstanding these assurances of finding our own forces at Bristoe, and the arrangement I had agreed upon with General Gregg to watch my flanks with his cavalry, every precaution was taken on putting the troops in motion from Catlett's Station, to move them along the railroad in a proper disposition for battle.

General Webb's division, with two batteries of artillery, took the northwest side of the railroad, General Hays the southeast side, the ambulances and artillery of General Gregg's cavalry followed, and General Caldwell's division continued to protect the rear. This was done expeditiously, and the troops moved off rapidly. Lieutenant-Colonel Morgan accompanied the advance of the Second and Third

16 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT I

