
Division to select a position at Bristoe and cover our crossing at Broad Run, and so much security did we feel in our assurance that General Sykes was at Bristoe and General Gregg's cavalry on our flanks, that Colonel Morgan detached Colonel Carroll's brigade and French's battery to hold the junction of the road from Bristersburg, and thus provide for our only surviving adverse contingency, as the enemy's cavalry might come that way.

When I reached Bristoe, cannonading had begun, and as I obtained a full view from the head of General Hays' column, I saw the enemy's lines advancing, and his musket-balls whistled around us. Lieutenant Brown's battery had crossed Broad Run and was going into action. Rickett's battery went into action on the height south of Broad Run.

General Webb, with his skirmishers engaging the enemy, was moving our right to endeavor to connect with the Fifth Corps, and one of his brigades had nearly crossed the stream. I directed him to half and face to the left, and to hold the railroad embankment, which he did. Knowing the locality well, I at once ordered General Hays to face his division to the left, and run for the railroad cut, invisible from where we were. This was promptly done without hesitation, General Hays and General Owen leading the line, under a heavy musketry fire from the enemy, and impeded by our artillery, which, with most commendable energy, was striving to get to the front where it could share in the unexpected conflict.

A more inspiring scene could not be imagined. The enemy's line of battle boldly moving forward, one part of our own steadily awaiting it and another moving against it at double-quick, while the artillery was taking up position at a gallop and going into action.

The attack fell mainly upon the First and Third Brigades of General Webb's division, the First command by Colonel Heath and the Third command by Colonel J. E. Mallon; and on the Third Brigade of General Hays' division, commanded by General Owen.

The Second Brigade of General Hays' division, commanded by Colonel Smyth, was, in a measure, screened by the woods from the direct attack of the enemy, but was all prepared to charge the flank of the enemy should he reach that part of our line which he assailed.

Under our fire the repulse of the enemy soon became assured, and Arnold's battery arrived in time to help increase his demoralization and reach the fugitives.

The enemy was gallantly led, as the wounding of 3 of his general officers in this attack shows, and even in retiring many retired but sullenly.

An advance of a thin line along our front secured 450 prisoners, 2 stand of colors, and 5 field pieces. Twenty-two dead horses were found on the ground which battery occupied.

I could not make a more decided pursuit, as all my force yet up and position was three batteries and about 3,000 infantry, and the prisoners informed us that we had as yet encountered but one division of Hill's corps, and that the others were near by and coming up. I had thus to prepare for more serious work, and to depend upon myself, for nothing could be seen of the Fifth Corps, which we had expected to find at Bristoe instead of the enemy.

General Caldwell's division, when the firing began, took the doublequick step with their heavy loads, and joining us as soon as possible, took position on General Hays' left with the exception of Colonel Miles' brigade, which was ordered to the right to the support of the

