
The last of my command crossed Bull Run at Blackburn's Ford about 4 a. m. on the 15th, and bivouacked near by. I reported to the general commanding, as directed, between Centreville and Fairfax.

There rifled batteries from the Artillery Reserve were then sent to my command, and my own ordered to the rear to replenish ammunition. I returned to my command, and took up the position assigned us at Bull Run.

Skirmishing took place along the lines during the day, and about noon a battery of the enemy opened upon our position. The replies of our own soon compelled this to withdraw. The enemy made no further demonstration on my front, and we remained in this position. At this point the enemy's advance ceased.

Our loss during the movement was 51 killed, 329 wounded, and -missing.*

It becomes my pleasing duty now to recall your attention to the soldierly bearing, endurance, and efficiency of my command on this trying march.

The soldiers in the ranks bore with the severest exertions and want of sleep in the most cheerful manner, having started on the march with eight days' rations for their burden, in addition to their arms, equipments, and ammunition. The officers of the line on foot shared equally this severe labor, and often could be seen carrying the musket of a weary soldier. The mounted officers' horses were nearly all worn out by their exertions.

About 100 of the weary men of the Third Army Corps, which preceded us on the march from Fayetteville to Auburn, came into our ranks, where they were put under an officer, and fought worthily at Bristoe, losing several killed and wounded.

The provost guards all went into action, that of corps headquarters, under Captain William M. Mintzer, performing a noteworthy part. The great fatigue of the men and the delay in crossing Bull Run in the depth of night caused many to fall asleep along the road from Manassas, but the mounted provost guard faithfully did its duty through the night, and in the early morning light aroused them all, and brought them to our lines before the advance of the enemy.

The flankers of General Webb's division, composed of the First Minnesota and Seventh Michigan, encountered the first advance of the enemy's line at Bristoe, and lost severely. Properly appreciating his position, the commanding officer of this line withdrew his men rapidly to the left of the division as it faced the enemy, and opened space for its fire. It occasioned a temporary separation from his command, but it was in accordance with the military rules in such emergencies.

Brigadier General J. C. Caldwell, in covering the crossing of Cedar Run at Auburn, and in guarding the rear thence to Bristoe, performed a duty always difficult from its uncertain requirements, with perfect success, and he was ably sustained by his colonels, among whom Colonel J. R. Brooke, Fifty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, receives from General Caldwell special commendation. Both he and Colonel Miles are worthy of promotion. General Caldwell also praises Lieutenant Cross, of his staff.

Brigadier General Alexander Hays, commanding Third Division, conducted the advance from Auburn to Catlett's Station, clearing the way obstructed by the enemy's cavalry, and went into action almost

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 250.

---------------

