
simultaneously with our arrival at Bristoe, going into action at the critical moment with that inspiring courage which has made him so well known. Brigadier-General Owen, commanding Third brigade. Third Division, acted in a scarcely less brave and prompt manner. His aide-de-camp, Lieutenant Michael Coste, was killed upon the field. Colonel Carroll was specially assigned by me to hold several vital positions during the day, and his horse was killed by the artillery late in the day. Colonel Smyth, commanding Second Brigade, advanced with his brigade when the enemy was repulsed, but was withdrawn by my order when the captured artillery was brought into our line along the railroad.

General Hays gives to the men under Colonel MacDougall the honor of having withdrawn the captured artillery; General Webb gives this honor to the men of his division under Lieutenant Colonel Ansel D. Wass. Undoubtedly both participated in it, as they had in common with our artillery in repulsing the enemy.

General Webb's division received the larger portion of the enemy's attack at Bristoe; his horse was shot under him; Captain Wessels and Captain Smith, of his staff, were wounded, and his color-bearer was killed by his side. The situation was which particularly exposed the officers. Colonel Mallon, commanding Third Brigade, Second Division, was killed. A portion of his command was placed where the railroad changes from cut to embankment and afforded no shelter. Here this brave man took his stand to encourage his troops and fell. Colonel Heath commanded First Brigade, Second Division. General Webb adds to special commendation of Captain J. P. Wood, his adjutant-general, a recommendation for his promotion, in which I full concur.

The artillery of the corps was commanded by Captain John G. Hazard, First Rhode Island Artillery, whose energy and good management I must specially command. The five batteries were commanded by Captain W. A. Arnold, First Rhode Island Artillery; Captain R. B. Ricketts, First Pennsylvania Artillery; Captain N. Ames, First New York Artillery; First Lieutenant F. S. French, First U. S. Artillery; and First Lieutenant T. F. Brown, First Rhode Island Artillery, all of whom made the best use of the opportunities afforded them. The 22 dead horses in the captured battery were mostly killed by our artillery fire. For further honorable mention I refer to the detailed reports presented herewith, which are as follows:

1. Brigadier General J. C. Caldwell, commanding First Division.

2. Colonel N. A. Miles, commanding First Brigade, First Division.

3. Colonel P. Kelly, commanding Second Brigade, First Division.

4. Colonel Paul Frank, commanding Third Brigade, First Division.

5. Colonel J. R. Brooke, commanding Fourth Brigade, First Division.

6. Lieutenant Colonel A. B. Chapman, Fifty-seventh New York Volunteers, Fourth Brigade, First Division.

7. Brigadier General Alexander Hays, commanding Third Division.

8. Brigadier General Joshua T. Owen, commanding Third Brigade, Third Division.

9. Colonel S. S. Carroll, commanding First Brigade, Third Division.

10. Colonel T. A. Smyth, commanding Second Brigade, Third Division.

11. Brigadier General A. S. Webb, commanding Second Division.

12. Colonel F. E. Heath, commanding First Brigade, Second Division.

13. Lieutenant Colonel A. D. Wass, commanding Third Brigade, Second Division.

14. Captain John G. Hazard, commanding Artillery Brigade.

