
of effect may be relied on in future. There ought, assuredly, to be a competent guard, superintended by a competent and skillful officer.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

Major General ARNOLD ELZEY,

Commanding, &amp;c.

Numbers 4. Report of Colonel Powhatan R. Page, Twenty-sixth Virginia Infantry, commanding brigade.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Chaffin's Farm, August 6, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the artillery and infantry sent to Deep Bottom were put in position there last night about 1 o'clock. The gunboats passed down about 5 o'clock this morning, and were completely surprised, when they were opened on. One of the gunboats was badly crippled at that point, and, it is supposed, many of the crew killed and wounded.

After passing Deep Bottom, the artillery and infantry moved rapidly down to Turkey's Island, and were in position there when the boats passed. They were fired on as long as they were in range, and struck repeatedly. One of the gunboats was so seriously damaged that she had to be towed from Deep Bottom. They were greatly in hopes of stopping her at Turkey Island, but the guns were not of sufficiently heavy caliber.

Three of the artillery men were wounded, 1, I am afraid, seriously. None of the infantry hurt.

I will forward official reports as soon as handed in by Colonel Council and Major Stark. The artillery and infantry have been ordered back to camp and will be in this evening.

If the general still desires to see me, I can report to him on Saturday morning. I would name Friday, but it is the day of my brigade drill, and, if not important, I would prefer Saturday.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. R. PAGE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major T. O. CHESTNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 5. Report of Lieutenant Colonel J. Calvin Councill, Twenty-sixth Virginia Infantry.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Chaffin's Farm, August 8, 1863.

Major T. O. CHESTNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inclose herewith the official reports of an attack made on the enemy's gunboats, on the 6th instant, by Lieu-

