
Numbers 11. Report of Surg. Alexander N. Dougherty, U. S. Volunteers, Medical Director, of action at Auburn and engagement at Bristoe Station.

MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE,

October 23, 1863.

DOCTOR: With regard to the actions at Auburn and Bristoe Stations, on the 14th instant, I respectfully beg leave to report as follows:

The action at Auburn opened very suddenly early in the morning. A house near Cedar Run, occupied by a family named McCormick, was at once appropriated by us for hospital use. Here several amputations were performed; but we were soon obliged to vacate it by the necessity of going on with the army, which had repulsed the enemy and was continuing its retreat.

This we did, taking with us, as we supposed at the time, all of our wounded except 1 man, a private, whose leg had been completely been injured. He was in a state of complete collapse, and it was not thought proper to remove him. When we returned, some days subsequently, it was ascertained that he died the same day; also that 3 others of our wounded were brought to the same house, of whom 1 died and 2 were carried off as prisoners of war. There were, as I estimated, about 50 killed and wounded on this occasion.

When we arrived at Bristoe Station, we were suddenly attacked while marching by the flank. The railroad embankment was at once seized by us as a defensive work and much loss avoided, as well as an easy repulse given to the enemy.

The hospital first selected was near Kettle Run, at the rear of our line of battle, and thither the wounded were transported and the surgeons of the "operating staff" gathered. But we were soon obliged to vacate the spot by the appearance of the enemy in its immediate neighborhood. We then went to a barn of Mr. Porter, on the Brentsville road. It had happened that when the firing first opened most of our ambulances, which were with the ammunition train, were, by orders from general headquarters, hurried forward over Bull Run. I had previously, however, called for ten to follow in the rear, which, with six others which were fortunately left, and thirteen for which we were indebted to the cavalry division (Dr. Phillips), making twenty-nine in all, were our sole means of removing the wounded.

We managed, however, when the retreat was recommenced, after nightfall to get almost all of our wounded into these vehicles. The exceptions were found, on our return some days subsequently, to be 20, of whom 19 were removed by the enemy on their retreat, and 1 shot in the throat was abandoned by them as mortally wounded. I found him, however, doing well, and cut out the ball from his back. I left him, at his own request, in charge of the family.

When we resumed our retreat, I directed Surgeon Wolf, Thirty-ninth New York Volunteers, to remain with the wounded, which he did. Also Assistant Surgeon Bingel, of the Fifty-second New York Volunteers, who had joined the regiment only three weeks before, voluntarily remained (but without my knowledge), and 4 hospital attendants.

