
[CHAP. XLI.

The total killed and wounded in both actions was as follows: Killed, 53; wounded, 296; total, 349.*

We brought away in ambulances 182, including about 20 cavalry-men, the rest of the wounded (with the exceptions noted above, 24) being able to make their way to Centreville on foot.

When we arrived at Centreville, I directed the necessary operations to be done at once, immediately after which those who required it were sent to general hospital.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. N. DOUGHERTY,

Surgeon, U. S. Vols., and Medical Director, Second Corps.

Surg. B. A. CLEMENTS,

Assistant Medical Director, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 12. Report of Captain Thomas L. Livermore, Fifth New Hampshire Infantry, Ambulance Officer, of operations at Auburn and Bristoe Station.

OFFICE OF CHIEF OF AMBULANCE,

October 29, 1863.

DOCTOR: I have the honor to report the following as the operations of the ambulance corps of the Second Army Corps, in the at engagement at Auburn, Va., on the 14th instant, and the battle at Bristoe Station on the same day:

The ambulances of the First and Third Divisions were on the field at Auburn in due season, and the wounded were collected in season for the trains to march with the column toward Bristoe, with the exceptions of 5 ambulances, which were retained with the First Division, which was rear guard. Lieutenant Anderson, in charge of these, displayed great energy and bravery, and he succeeded in bringing away all but 1 wounded man, whom he could not get from the enemy.

Lieutenant Pelton, of the Third Division, brought a rebel cavalry colonel away from Auburn, who was wounded early in the fight.

When the ambulances reached a point near Catlett's Station, I received orders to move them fast as possible toward Centreville. Here I left 10 more ambulances by your order for the First Division, with orders to go back and meet it, also 6 for the Third Division, and 6 for the Second Division; but those of the Second Division, through mistake, followed a brigade of the Second Division to Manassas Junction, the sergeant in charge supposing the whole division to be there, and this I did not discover until it was too late to remedy.

When I had conducted the trains to Manassas Junction, hearing firing at Bristoe, I put them in charge of Lieutenant Pelton and went back to Bristoe, where I found the corps engaged. Here, with the aid of 13 ambulances which you procured from the Cavalry Corps, I succeeded, with the aid of Lieutenant Anderson, in removing all of the wounded but 1 man who could not be moved, and about 20 miss-

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 250.

---------------

