
ing who could not be found, it being night, and our time being limited; however, the train was full. The number of wounded transported was about 180.

I can only regret that the trains were ordered away too soon, but as I could not control the circumstances, I can say that every possible effort was made to secure our wounded, and, as the last part of the engagement was after dark, and our retreat commenced almost immediately, it was impossible to do more. I am happy to report the conduct of Lieutenant Anderson as admirable, and that of the non-commissioned officers and men of the ambulance corps who were in the engagement as all that I could desire.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS L. LIVERMORE,

Captain, Fifth New Hampshire, and Chief of Ambulance

Surg. A. N. DOUGHERTY, U. S. Volunteers,

Medical Director-Second Corps,

Numbers 13. Report of Brigadier General John C. Caldwell, U. S. Army, commanding First Division.

CAMP NEAR TURKEY RUN BRIDGE,

October 28, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command for the week ending the 14th instant:

At noon on the 10th, in obedience to orders received from headquarters Army of the Potomac, the corps was marched from this side of Culpeper and put in position near Stone House Mountain, to meet a reported advance of the enemy from the direction of Sperryville. The Second and Third Divisions were placed in line of battle on the right of the Sperryville road, the left resting on the road about 300 yards in rear of the right of the Third Corps. The First Division was placed in reserve. The enemy made no attack, and about midnight we received orders to march at 3 in the morning to Bealeton Station. We reached this point, a distance of 16 miles, about 3 p.m. of the 11th, and bivouacked there that night.

The next day we marched at 12 m., and recrossed the Rappahannock in support of the cavalry, who were briskly skirmishing in our front. We advanced in line of battle to a point near Brandy Station, where we bivouacked. At midnight the troops were put under arms and recrossed the Rappahannock, and marched by the way of Bealeton to Fayetteville, where we arrived at daylight on the morning of the 13th. My division was formed in line of battle, covering the Warrenton road, and also the road leading to Sulphur Springs. We remained here about three hours, and then followed the Third Corps to Cedar Run, near Auburn, which point we reached at dark. A picket was thrown out and we bivouacked for the night.

At daybreak on the 14th, my division forded Cedar Run, and took position on a hill near the run, around the base of which is the road to Greenwich. Captain Ricketts' battery of 3-inch ordnance guns was put in position, and I massed the whole of my division in the rear of the battery, and after putting out a picket gave instructions

