
the Fifty-seventh New York Volunteers, which was in the rear. Colonel Chapman made a detour to the left across the fields and through the woods, and succeeded in rejoining the column with loss of but few prisoners. Colonel Brooke withdrew in perfect order, fighting, and repelling the attack of two lines of battle, the first consisting of five regiments. The division took up two positions of defense before reaching the railroad, but although we saw the enemy's lines of battle approaching, we were not attacked.

After a short rest at the railroad near Catlett's Station, the corps moved along toward Bristoe Station, my division still having the rear. When near Kettle Run, about a mile from Bristoe, I heard heavy firing in front and soon afterward was met by Lieutenant Haskell, of General Warren's staff, who said that the divisions ahead were engaged, and it was necessary to move forward with the utmost haste. The artillery and ambulances were moving on the single road between the Third Division and my own, and when they drew out there was a long space between my division and the one in front. I moved my men forward for about three-quarters of a mile at double-quick. When I arrived on the field, the enemy were charging on our men, who were at the railroad. By direction of General Warren, I sent Colonel Miles' brigade to support the batteries of Lieutenant Brown and Captain Ricketts. I formed my division along the railroad on the left of the Third Division, in the following order: The Third Brigade on the right, the Fourth on the left, and the Second in the center. Where the right of my division was formed, there was an embankment varying from 2 to 10 feet in height, which furnished an admirable protection for my men.

When I arrived on the ground, the enemy was moving around the flank of the Third Division. I placed two guns of Captain Ames' battery in position and opened on the enemy's lines with canister, which broke them and they fell back. Colonel Carroll's brigade was placed on my left, and partly in rear of Colonel Brooke. My skirmishers were constantly engaged until dark, but the enemy did not attack my line. Late in the afternoon a very heavy column moved to my left and partly crossed the track, but for some unexplained reason did not attack with their infantry. About dark they opened a battery of artillery on my left, which enfiladed Captain Arnold's battery in the position in which it then was. I had anticipated this, however, and had a position selected for Captain Arnold, and he at once changed front and silenced the enemy's battery with slight loss on his part. A little after dark the firing ceased, and my division withdrew with the rest of the corps, and marched to Blackburn's Ford, which we crossed about 4 o'clock on the morning of the 15th.

The conduct of my men during the four days ending the 15th was all that could be expected of the best soldiers and most enduring men. The loads carried by the men were very heavy, and the marching severe, much of it occurring in the night. The conscripts generally behaved very well, and under the very trying circumstances of the morning at Auburn, their conduct is worthy of admiration.

Colonel Brooke, commanding the rear guard, conducted it in the most admirable manner. This officer's merit as a military man is of very high order, and he has distinguished himself in every battle in which the division has been engaged. He has been in command of a brigade for more than a year, and has been recommended for promotion by all his commanding officers, and by three command-

