
[CHAP. XLI.

ers of the Army of the Potomac. I earnestly recommend that he be promoted.

Colonel Miles, though not engaged in an infantry fight, handled his brigade with skill in the support of batteries. This officer, like Colonel Brooke, has been repeatedly recommended for promotion, and I most earnestly renew the recommendation.

The other brigade commanders, though not so actively engaged as the two above mentioned, conducted themselves to my entire satisfaction.

The batteries of Captains Arnold, Ricketts, and Ames were assigned to my command, the first two at Auburn and Captains Arnold and Ames at Bristoe, and did most signal service. More accurate and effective fire I have never seen. Captain Ames' two guns at Bristoe were especially effective.

All the members of my staff behaved to my entire satisfaction. The services of Lieutenant Cross, in particular, were of the highest value.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. CALDWELL,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 14. Report of Colonel Nelson A. Miles, Sixty-first New York Infantry, commanding First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE,October 17, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report:

On the night of October 13, 1863, this brigade bivouacked in a wood near Auburn, Va., after a very long and tedious march of seventeen hours from near Brandy Station, via Fayetteville. On the morning of the 14th, it moved to Auburn, and while at rest, the men being engaged in cooking coffee, the enemy opened a fire of artillery in our rear from four guns on the Catlett's Station road. I received orders to support Captain Arnold's and Captain Ricketts' batteries, and changed position facing to the rear. These batteries soon silenced the guns of the enemy, when another rebel battery soon approached in our former front. The batteries then changed front to rear, and my brigade took position accordingly, remaining in this position under a sharp artillery fire for about an hour, when we were relieved by a force of General Gregg's cavalry, and moved on the road to Bristoe Station, via Catlett's Station.

During this march the brigade was undisturbed, except an occasional skirmish fire on our flank. When near Bristoe Station we received orders to push forward, as the enemy were endeavoring to turn the left flank of the Third Division. My line of flankers, under the command of Captain McCullough and in charge of Captain Keech, acting aide-de-camp, were out about 200 yards on my left flank and well to the front.

The officer in command had gathered stragglers enough to make his force about 150 men. As soon as he came near the enemy he

