
assembled his force, and attacked the enemy in rear of his right flank. The effect of this unexpected and effective fire caused much confusion and for a time checked the advance of the enemy in that direction. This force of flankers remained skirmishing in their position until dark.

On reaching the field, I was ordered by General Caldwell to support the batteries commanded by Lieutenant Brown and Captain Ricketts. (In crossing this field from left to right my brigade was exposed to a severe fire of artillery and musketry; the enemy at that time was charging the Second and Third Divisions with three regiments in column.) The former was then crossing Broad Run. I sent the Sixty-first New York Volunteers and Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers to prolong the line of the Second Division and support this battery. The One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers was placed on the right of Captain Ricketts' battery. The Sixty-first New York Volunteers and Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers were exposed to a heavy artillery fire from two batteries, and were engaged in skirmishing with the enemy.

About 6 o'clock p.m. I was ordered (and sent one regiment, the One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers) to support the batteries of General Gregg's command, which were stationed on the Brentsville road, where it remained for two hours, when I received orders to accompany, with my brigade, the batteries of the corps, together with two batteries of General Gregg's command and the guns that had been captured from the enemy, to Centreville, which place we reached about 4 o'clock on the morning of the 15th.

During these long and tedious marches and sharp engagements, this brigade displayed the same untiring devotion and gallantry as on former occasions, and both officers and men are deserving of much praise.

I am also indebted to Captain Keech, acting assistant inspector-general, Lieutenant J. B. Hallenbeck, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Acheson, acting aide-de-camp, for their prompt and meritorious services during the engagements.

I am, very respectfully,

NELSON A. MILES,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major JOHN HANCOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 15. Report of Lieutenant Colonel K. Oscar Broady, Sixty-first New York Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-FIRST NEW YORK STATE VOLUNTEERS,October 17, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor of transmitting the following report, concerning the part the Sixty-first Regiment New York Volunteers took in the engagements held with the enemy during the 14th instant:

During the night of the 13th instant, the regiment joined to the

17 R R-VOL XXIX, PT I

