
[CHAP. XLI.

brigade bivouacked near Cedar Run. At daybreak on the 14th instant, with the rest of the brigade, crossed Cedar Run, about 400 yards beyond which we received orders to halt, and form in line of battle, fronting southwest, on a hill called the Five-Mile Hill. Shortly afterward Captain Ricketts' battery was placed in position in front of our line, the regiment, with the rest of the brigade, serving as its support.

About 6.30 a.m., while the arms were stacked and the men were preparing their breakfast, a section of the enemy's artillery opened a sudden fire upon our rear. The colonel commanding the brigade at once caused the troops to change front to the rear, covering the command under the slope of the other side of the crest in front of our previous position. At the same time the battery we were supporting also changed front to the rear, and in a few minutes silenced the enemy's fire. About half an hour later we again changed front, and resumed our former position.

About 9 a.m. the regiment, with the rest of the brigade, was marched by the left flank about 200 yards to the rear, where it was formed on the left, by file, into line of battle, fronting in the previous direction. During this movement, and while remaining in the latter position, the regiment was exposed to a heavy fire from the enemy's artillery, but without any casualties taking place, as the men were well covered by rising ground. Half an hour later we fell back about 2 miles, marching by the left flank, filed right, halted, and formed line of battle east of the road leading to Catlett's Station. About 11 a.m. we resumed the march by the left flank, and reached Bristoe Station about 4 p.m., marching at double-quick step for the last quarter of a mile, as the preceding divisions of the corps were hotly engaged with the enemy.

As soon as we reached Bristoe Station, I was ordered by Colonel Miles, commanding the brigade, to take my command at a double-quick and support Captain Ricketts' battery, posted on the right of the railroad, and toward the right of the line of battle formed by the Second Division. As soon as I had placed my men in position in rear of the said battery, I was ordered by Captain Keech, acting assistant inspector-general on the staff of the commander of the brigade, to take my regiment at a double-quick, fording Broad Run, and support Captain Brown's battery, posted about three-quarters of a mile farther to the right, and on the extreme right of the line of battle formed by the Second Corps. I was followed by the Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers. I this maneuver was very exhausting to the men, besides their being exposed to a severe artillery fire from the enemy.

After I had placed the regiment in position supporting Captain Brown's battery, I received orders from Colonel McKeen, commanding Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, to throw out a portion of my command as skirmishers, covering the front of the battery. About half past 5 p.m. I was ordered by Colonel McKeen to draw in my skirmishers and follow the Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, when we marched down the railroad about 300 yards and halted, resting. We remained here until about 10 p.m., when I received orders by Colonel Miles to march off by the right flank, the regiment with the rest of the brigade serving as escort to Captain Ricketts' battery. We continued the march until we had crossed Bull Run, a little beyond which we were halted on the left of the road to Centreville, formed line of battle, facing toward the run, and

