
received orders to bivouac over night. This was about 4 a.m. of the 15th instant.

My command contained 43 muskets. I lost 1 man while supporting Captain Brown's battery, but cannot say whether he was killed, wounded, or missing, as he was not seen afterward. Two of my drummers fell out on the march during the day, but I have reason to believe they are somewhere within the army, and will join the regiment again, as soon as they can find it.

My officers as well as men discharged their arduous duties well and faithfully throughout the whole day.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. O. BROADY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Sixty-first New York State Volunteers.

Lieutenant J. B. HALLENBECK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 16. Report of Colonel H. Boyd McKeen, Eighty-first Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-FIRST PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,October 18, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, on the morning of Wednesday, the 14th instant, at 6.30, the regiment in line with the brigade formed in rear of and supporting Ricketts' battery on the hill at Auburn, at which place we changed front under a severe artillery fire from front and rear.

The men behaved admirably. The enemy being held in check in the front and driven off in our rear, we retired along the Catlett road, forming line on the cross-roads; from thence we retired to Bristoe Station, where the enemy made a furious attempt to cut off our line of march.

The Second and Third Divisions of our corps being engaged at the railroad, we advanced in their rear across the plain in order to support the batteries on the extreme right of the line of battle. Upon reaching Broad Run, the Sixty-first New York and Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers were detached from the brigade and placed under my command.

We crossed the run, and, advancing to the extreme right of the line, supported Brown's battery. In this position we had only to contend against a severe artillery fire, only a few of the enemy's sharpshooters appearing on our immediate front.

I have only to say that both officers and men behaved with the gallantry which the brigade has so often displayed.

In the Eighty-first there were but 5 enlisted men wounded.

Respectfully,

H. BOYD McKEEN,

Colonel, Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Lieutenant J. B. HALLENBECK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

