
tenant-Colonel Council, with eight companies of the Twenty-sixth Virginia Regiment, and Major Stark, with four pieces of light artillery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. R. PAGE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

BURTON'S FARM,

August 8, 1863.

COLONEL: At 8 o'clock on Wednesday evening, August 5, I was ordered by you to proceed immediately to Deep Bottom, on James River, with two sections of artillery commanded by Major A. W. Stark, and eight companies of the Twenty-sixth Virginia Infantry, under the command of Major J. L. Garrett, and there to make such a disposition of the forces as, in my judgment, would enable it to inflict the greatest damage to the gunboats of the enemy that had ascended the river in the evening and would probably return in the morning. The command reached Deep Bottom about midnight, and the troops were immediately placed in position, and every arrangement completed for an early attack in the morning.

At 5 o'clock Thursday morning, the enemy's fleet, consisting of one monitor, a large side-wheel steamer, and a tug, was discovered coming down the river. They approached our position without shelling, as they had done the evening before, which satisfied me that our presence was entirely unknown to them. The attack was not made until the fleet was fully abreast of Deep Bottom. The action was begun by the artillery and followed immediately by the infantry. The enemy replied immediately, but only for a short while, being driven from their guns by our small-arms. The side-wheel steamer was sadly disabled, and had to be towed off by the other boats. I had no means of ascertaining the loss the enemy sustained in killed and wounded, but I feel satisfied it was not inconsiderable.

The fleet passing beyond the range of our guns, the command was promptly moved to Turkey Island, a point on James River about 10 miles below Deep Bottom, with a view of renewing the attack. The boats passed Turkey Island at 9 o'clock, and the attack was renewed by artillery and infantry, with equally as disastrous a result to the enemy as at Deep Bottom. With heavier guns, there is not a shadow of doubt that the two wooden boats would have been sunk at Deep Bottom. Unfortunately, our pieces were too light to effect it.

I herewith send Major Stark's report. The only casualties occurred in his command, amounting to 3 wounded, 2 slightly and 1 seriously.

I cannot conclude without commending in the highest degree the zeal and alacrity manifested by the officers and men of the entire command in the discharge of their duties. The heat of the day was excessive; yet they bore their trying march without murmur or complaint.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. CALVIN COUNCILL,

Lieutenant-Colonel 26th Va. Infty., Commanding Detachment.

Colonel P. R. PAGE,

Commanding Brigade.

