
[CHAP. XLI.

Numbers 17. Report of Colonel John Fraser, One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 140TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,October 17, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the operations of the Second Corps against the enemy on the 14th instant:

From daybreak until about 9.30 a.m., my regiment, together with the rest of the brigade, was placed, in support of Captain Ricketts' battery, on a commanding hill at Auburn Mills, to cover the rear of the Second Corps, which was on the march toward Catlett's Station. The spirited artillery fire, which commenced about 7 a.m., and to which my men were exposed for nearly two hours, inflicted no loss on the regiment in killed, wounded, or missing. Of 50 enlisted men and 3 commissioned officers of my command, who had been detailed the previous evening on picket, all, with the exception of 1 man, who was wounded slightly in the side, rejoined the regiment about 10 a.m., when it commenced to march toward Catlett's Station.

About 2.30 p.m., when the regiment was marching to Bristoe Station, a brisk cannonade ahead of us was heard. The regiment was immediately marched at the double-quick for a considerable distance, and was placed in support of Captain Ricketts' battery on a small hill in front of the enemy's position and near Bristoe Station. About 6 p.m. the regiment was moved from this position, under a brisk artillery fire, to another part of the same hill to support Captain [Martin's] battery of the Sixth New York Artillery [the Sixth New York Battery], where it remained until it was ordered to join the column of the Second Corps on the march to Centreville. In this last position my regiment was not exposed to any artillery or musketry fire.

The portion of my regiment that served as battery support during the engagement at Bristoe Station suffered no casualty. Two companies H and A, which had been detailed as flankers on the march from Catlett's Station to Bristoe Station, being at a considerable distance from the flanks of the column when we were ordered to march at double-quick, lost the track of the regiment. Being unable to find it, they fell in with the skirmishers of the Third Division, on the extreme left, about 3 p.m., and remained with them until the close of the engagement, when they rejoined the regiment, having suffered a loss of only 5 wounded and 1 missing.

The conduct of the officers and men of my command throughout the operations and engagements of the 14th, deserves my commendation for gallantry and coolness.

The following is the list of casualties in my command on the 14th.*

I have the honor to be, sir, yours, respectfully,

JOHN FRASER,

Colonel, Commanding 140th Regiment Pennsylvania Vols.

Lieutenant J. B. HALLENBECK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 6 men wounded, and 1 man missing. See revised statement, p. 248.

---------------

