
Numbers 18. Report of Colonel Patrick Kelly, Eighty-eighth New York Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,October 21, 1863.

MAJOR: In compliance with circular from headquarters First Division, Second Corps, dated October 17, 1863, I respectfully submit the following report of the part this brigade took in the recent operations:

On the morning of the 10th instant, we broke camp and took a position about 1 1/2 miles to the right of Culpeper, Va. Next morning at 2.30 o'clock retired with the remainder of the corps, crossed the Rappahannock River at Rappahannock Station, and encamped for the night near Bealeton, Va. About noon the following day marched to the Rappahannock, and recrossed at Rappahannock Station; and formed line of battle, advanced about 2 miles, and encamped for the night. About 12 o'clock at night broke camp, and again took up our line of march toward the Rappahannock, crossing at the station, and marched to within about 2 miles of Sulphur Springs, Va. After a halt of one hour, we again resumed the march, and encamped for the night near Auburn, Va.

Early on the morning of the 14th instant, we proceeded, with the rest of the division, to the crest of a hill near Auburn, and while resting there, fire was suddenly opened upon us by a battery, with no casualties on our part.

We then crossed the run to support the pickets of the Third Division. Shortly afterward we recrossed the run, and marched toward Catlett's Station, as wagon guard. After marching about a mile, we were thrown out to the left of the road as skirmishers, where we remained about an hour, were drawn in, and marched with the corps to Bristoe Station, where we met the enemy. The Eighty-eighth Battalion New York Volunteers were thrown out as skirmishers and had 1 man wounded. About 10 p.m. we retired with the remainder of the corps to Blackburn's Ford, Va., arriving there at 4 a.m. on the 14th instant.

Very respectfully,

P. KELLY,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major JOHN HANCOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 19. Report of Colonel Richard Byrnes, Twenty-eighth Massachusetts Infantry.

CAMP NEAR CENTREVILLE, VA.,

October 17, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that this regiment broke camp, near Culpeper, Va., on morning of the 10th instant, and took up position about 1 1/2 miles to the right of Culpeper. Next morning, at

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) reports 1 wounded and 14 missing.

---------------

