
Bealeton, where we halted for a few minutes, and then took up line of march on the road leading to Sulphur Springs, and on same day arrived within 1 mile of Auburn, where we encamped for the night.

At 4 a.m. of the 14th, crossed Cedar Run, and were halted for breakfast. Before that meal could be cooked the enemy opened fire on us from the hills to our right, but doing no damage to this battalion. We were then ordered to recross Cedar Run to the support of Colonel Carroll's brigade, Third Division; formed line of battle at base of hill rising from the run, and remained there half an hour or more; then recrossed the run and took up line of march in direction of Bristoe Station, at which place we arrived at about 3 p.m. of the 14th.

We were formed in line of battle on the side of the railroad and remained until ordered to march to this place. During the march on night of 14th the men suffered severely, and many were forced from fatigue and exhaustion to fall out, and were probably captured by the enemy.*

* * * * * *

Very respectfully,

THOMAS TOUHY,

Captain, Commanding Battalion.

Captain W. S. BAILEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 21. Report of Captain Richard Moroney, Sixty-ninth New York Infantry.

NEAR CENTREVILLE, VA.,

October 17, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders of this date, I respectfully submit the following report of the part this battalion took in the recent actions with the enemy:

On the morning of the 10th, broke camp at Culpeper Court-House and marched in a southwesterly direction about 5 or 6 miles, to the position occupied by the Third Army Corps, where we remained until 2 a.m. Sunday morning, the 11th, when we took up line of march for Brandy Station, and crossed the Rappahannock, and encamped at 3 p.m., same day, at Bealeton Station. Remained there for the night, and on the 12th, at 2 p.m., recrossed the Rappahannock and advanced in line of battle the distance of about 4 or 5 miles to the support of cavalry there engaged with the enemy. We then halted there until 1 a.m. of the 13th, and then returned to Bealeton, where we halted for a few moments and then took up line of march in the direction leading to Sulphur Springs, and on the same evening arrived within 1 mile of Auburn, where we encamped for the night.

At 4 a.m. of the 14th, crossed Cedar Run, and were halted for breakfast. Before that meal could be cooked, the enemy opened fire on us from the hills to our right, but doing no damage to this battalion. We were then ordered to recross Cedar Run to the support of Colonel Carroll's brigade, Third Division, formed line of battle at

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 14 men missing. See revised statement, p. 248.

---------------

