
[CHAP. XLI.

base of hill rising from the run, and remained there half an hour or more; then recrossed the run and took up line of march in direction of Bristoe Station, at which place we arrived at about 3 p. m. of the 15th [14th].

We were formed in line of battle on the side of the railroad, and remained until ordered to march to this place. During the march on night of 15th the men suffered severely, and many were forced from fatigue and exhaustion to fall out, and were probably captured by the enemy.*

* * * * * *

RICHARD MORONEY,

Captain, Commanding Sixty-ninth New York Volunteers.

Captain W. S. BAILEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 22. Report of Captain Seneca G. Willauer, One hundred and sixteenth Pennsylvania Infantry.

NEAR CENTREVILLE, VA.,

October 17, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with circular from headquarters First Division, dated this day, I have the honor to make the following report of the part this battalion took in the late movements of the army:

After leaving our camp near Culpeper nothing of importance occurred till the evening of the 13th instant. We had been marching the entire day and bivouacked in a woods, leaving Warrenton on our left. Here there were evidences of the presence of the enemy. As soon as the men had eaten supper a detail from the battalion, commanded by Lieutenant Sacriste, was ordered out to act as pickets, or, in the event of a movement by night, to act as flankers and skirmishers. The column did not move till early in the morning, when we advanced about half a mile, and halted on the heights at Auburn for the purpose of getting breakfast. While in the act of doing so, the enemy, having placed a battery, in position, commenced shelling the hill and formed a line of battle. Here we remained till the battery was effectually silenced, when we again took our former position. During this time the detail had been acting as skirmishers. In a short time the column again moved forward in the direction of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad.

After advancing about 2 miles, the remainder of the battalion, with some portions of the brigade, were again deployed as skirmishers. Finding no enemy, the skirmishers were withdrawn. Upon reaching the railroad, the detail under Lieutenant Sacriste joined the battalion. None missing.

Our advance was undisturbed till we reached Bristoe Station. Here it was found that the enemy had endeavored to cut off the line of retreat. The battalion, with the brigade, immediately formed line of battle behind the railroad and anxiously awaited the advance

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 4 men missing. See revised statement, p. 248.

---------------

