
of the enemy, and every one was eager to see the enemy advance. We remained here during the heavy shelling by the enemy till near 11 p.m., when, everything being quiet, the battalion moved off with the brigade and arrived here safe.

I cannot speak too highly of the men, and their brave and soldierly conduct. Lieutenant Sacriste, being the only officer present with me, act in a manner highly creditable to himself and the command.

There were no men killed, wounded, or missing during the movements.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. WILLAUER,

Captain, Commanding 116th Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain W. S. BAILEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 23. Report of Colonel Paul Frank, Fifty-second New York Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE,October 23, 1863.

MAJOR: In compliance with orders received from division headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the engagements of the 14th instant at Auburn and Bristoe Station:

At about 5 o'clock on the morning of the 14th instant, my command, together with the rest of the division, crossed to the northeast side of Cedar Run, where it was massed in column of regiments on a high ground near by, and the men directed to cook coffee. While thus engaged, the enemy opened fire very suddenly with a few pieces of artillery at very short range from a point directly in rear. By order of the general commanding division, the Fifty-seventh New York Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Chapman commanding, was ordered under the command of Colonel J. R. Brooke, commanding Fourth Brigade, to act as skirmishers, and the active service of this regiment and its commander will be honorably mentioned in Colonel Brooke's report.

To shelter the troops from the close range of the enemy's battery, the brigade, with the rest of the division, was formed in line of battle on the northwest side of the hill just occupied. In effecting this change one of the horses of my mounted orderlies, who was at my side, was killed by being struck in the head by a piece shell. The brigade had been but a few moments in this position when it became evident that the main force of the enemy was on the opposite side of the run, and a change of front to the rear of the present position on the same hill was at once effected. At the same time the firing had entirely ceased from the battery which first opened. Being now fully covered, very slight loss was suffered from the heavy artillery fire of the enemy.

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 248.

---------------

