
[CHAP. XLI.

At about 11 a.m. the command was ordered to move on the road toward Catlett's Station, following Captain Arnold's battery. The Sixty-sixth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Hammell commanding, was deployed on the right flank, and a portion of the One hundred and forty-eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers on the left flank of the brigade as flankers. No interruption to the march occurred. At about 12 m. a new position on the road to Catlett's Station, and line of battle formed. Here the One hundred and forty-eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers was ordered to report to Colonel Kelly, commanding Second Brigade, as support of skirmish line on the right of the position. Nothing of importance occurred while so formed.

At about 1 p.m. I was ordered to take the balance of my command to a position about 1 mile to the rear, supporting Colonel Carroll's brigade of the Third Division. Remaining here but a short time, the division commenced to file by and I was ordered to take place in the column, the One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers reporting back to my brigade.

When about 1 mile distant from Bristoe Station I received orders from the general of division to move the brigade forward as rapidly as possible, as an engagement had already commenced in front. The command accordingly was moved forward at double-quick. Approaching the scene of action, I was ordered to move by the left flank and engage the enemy in my front, but having only crossed the railroad track, which at that place forms an embankment about 15 feet high, the order a high, the order was countermanded. The brigade was then formed on the south side of the railroad, where it remained until the end of the engagement. The embankment afforded a good shelter to the men against the enemy's heavy artillery fire. A number were, however, killed and wounded in crossing the railroad as first ordered, and some, I regret to say, at about dark, by the fire of our own batteries.

At about 6 p.m. the Sixty-sixth New York Volunteers, with a small detail of the One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, was deployed as skirmishers in the woods in front. At about 11 o'clock p.m. the command moved from its position and arrived at Bull Run at about 4 a.m. on the 15th instant.

It gives me great satisfaction to acknowledge the good behavior of officers as well as enlisted men of this brigade-from the old regiments, the Fifty-seventh New York Volunteers, Sixty-sixth New York Volunteers, and the One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and their officers. Nothing else could be expected, they having gained fame for bravery on many battle-fields before. The Fifty-second New York Volunteers, numbering about 85 old men had been filled up with nearly 600 recruits, most of them substitutes, only a few days previous to the scenes of my report, and continual marches for several days before the reported engagements prevented all drills and instructions of this regiment. In consideration of all these circumstances, I must state that the men of the Fifty-second Regiment New York Volunteers behaved well, and that I am confident that by the future zeal of the officers the good name this regiment has now in the history of this war will be upheld by its new organization.

I also have to mention and give full credit to the officers of this staff. Captain Jones, acting assistant adjutant-general, Captain

