
Brady, acting assistant inspector-general, and Lieutenant Middleton, acting aide-de-camp, have proved brave soldiers and competent officers.

The list of casualties has been forwarded some days ago.*

I am, major, yours, very respectfully,

PAUL FRANK,

Colonel Fifty-second New York Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Major JOHN HANCOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 24. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles G. Freudenberg, Fifty-second New York Infantry.

NEAR CENTREVILLE, VA.,

October 17, 1863.

CAPTAIN; In obedience to circular from headquarters First Division, I have the honor to report that this regiment broke camp near the Rapidan at 4.30 a.m., Saturday, October 10, 1863, and marched to the Culpeper road, where it joined the brigade, with which it has participated in all the recent movements.

Early on the morning of the 14th of October, at Auburn, the regiment resting in two lines, the men engaged in cooking their breakfast, the enemy's artillery suddenly and unexpectedly opened fire, occasioning a loss of 2 enlisted men killed and 5 enlisted men wounded. Line of battle was immediately formed and the regiment withdrawn behind the crest of the hill. The enemy's fire ceasing, the regiment changed front, when shortly after another battery opened a severe and well-directed fire, wounding 2 enlisted men. About 10 a.m. the regiment moved off by the flank under the enemy's artillery fire, halting on the road on several occasions to form line of battle.

About 2 p.m. it arrived at Bristoe Station, where a spirited engagement was at the time progressing, and it was placed in line of battle on the rear crest of the railroad track, ready for action. Here it was Captain William Scherrer was wounded by a piece of shell and 1 enlisted man killed. After dark the regiment fell in and moved off by the flank, arriving near its present camping ground toward morning.

The conduct of the officers, non-commissioned officers, and enlisted men deserves creditable mention, of the latter over 600 being conscripts, with only about 80 veterans. They bore the fatigue of the severe marches admirably, and acted under fire better than could have been expected of recruits.

I remain, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. G. FREUDENBERG,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fifty-second New York Vols.

Captain GEORGE W. JONES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 248.

---------------

