
[CHAP. XLI.

Numbers 25. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Alford B. Chapman, Fifty-seventh New York Infantry.

NEAR BLACKBURN'S, VA.,

October 17, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the recent movements of this corps, while covering the retirement of the army from the Rappahannock River to its present position:

On the morning of the 15th instant, the enemy opened on this division,, then massed on a hill near Auburn, with several pieces of artillery at short range. I received orders to deploy skirmishers and advance on the battery, which I was proceeding to do, but found that a regiment from the Third Division of this corps had already been sent forward. I was then directed to deploy skirmishers on the right flank of our position, connecting with the Second Delaware on my left, and was placed under the command of Colonel Brooke, commanding Fourth Brigade, who sent the Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers to the support of my line. Light skirmishing ensued, and finding that the enemy were moving troops to our right, I deployed my reserve and two companies of the Sixty-fourth, forming a line nearly at right angles with the first, and extending across the road leading to Catlett's Station. On the highest point of this road they had laced a section of artillery in position, which, however, my skirmishers had prevented them from working at this time, and had formed a brigade of infantry in the edge of the woods fronting me.

Shortly afterward I received orders to withdraw my men, as soon as relieved by the cavalry, who proceeded to deploy a line about 100 yards in my rear. I recalled the skirmishers as rapidly as was possible for so long a line, but found that the cavalry had commenced to retire before I had reached the line on which they had deployed and that I was covering their retreat instead of they mine. I made every effort to keep up with them but I soon found myself cut off from the road on which the division had retired and compelled to strike off across the fields toward the woods on the left.

I was at this time exposed to a very severe fire from the enemy's skirmishers on the right, and the section of artillery on the road in the rear, and notwithstanding every effort was made to screen the men by taking advantage of every cover the ground afforded, I regret to report that 1 officer and 20 men are supposed to have been wounded and fallen into the hands of the enemy. Proceeding through the woods for some distance, I found a by-road which appeared to lead in the right direction, and which eventually brought me out in rear of the division, which was then drawn up in the second position which it held on that day. I then reported my command to Colonel Brooke and when the division moved off, brought up the rear of the Fourth Brigade, which formed the rear guard.

On reaching Bristoe Station we formed the left of the line of battle, taking position on the railroad. As the enemy did not seriously attack this position of the line we were not engaged.

At night we moved to the position we now occupy, and on the following morning I again reported to Colonel Frank, command-

