
ing Third Brigade, in compliance with orders from the division headquarters.

I inclose list of casualties.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. CHAPMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel 57th New York Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

Captain GEORGE W. JONES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 26. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John S. Hammell, sixty-sixth New York Infantry.

NEAR CENTREVILLE, VA.,

October 17, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to state that upon leaving Auburn, Va., on the 14th instant, and until reaching Brentsville, my regiment was deployed as skirmishers along the right flank of the brigade. At Bristoe Station we were thrown in front of the brigade, doing picket duty until after all the troops had been withdrawn, when we followed and rejoined the brigade.

At Auburn, Pioneer Patrick Duffy was slightly wounded in the right hand by a piece of shell. On picket at Bristoe, Private Henry Johnson, Company C, received a fracture of his left arm, above the elbow, from a Minie ball. No other casualties in this regiment are reported. No men are known to have been missing in action, although a number straggle on the march and have not yet come up.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

JNO. S. HAMMELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Sixty-sixth New York Vols.

Captain GEORGE W. JONES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 27. Report of Colonel James A. Beaver, One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry.

NEAR CENTREVILLE, VA.,

October 17, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with directions received through your headquarters this morning. I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the operations of the 14th instant, being field-officer of the day.

On the morning of the 14th, the regiment was commanded by Major George A. Fairlamb, by whom I am informed that the regiment left the place at which it bivouacked, on the night of the 13th at 5 a.m., crossed one of the tributaries of the Occoquan, formed line, and stacked arms on a hill near Auburn Mills. Permission was given to cook breakfast, skirmishing being then going on to our left and rear.

While breakfast was being cooked the enemy opened with an en-

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 248.

---------------

