
Numbers 6. Report of Major Alexander W. Stark, C. S. Artillery.

TAYLOR'S FARM, NEAR RICHMOND, VA.,

August 7, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to instructions from Colonel P. R. Page, commanding brigade, on the night of the 5th instant, in company with the Twenty-sixth Regiment Virginia Infantry, under your command, I proceeded to Blake's farm, near Deep Bottom, on James River, with a section of French's battery, commanded by Captain French, and a section of Armistead's battery, under the command of First Lieutenant Stoakes, and with these four pieces opened fire upon three Federal gunboats (one being an iron-clad) passing down the river.

The fire was principally directed against a large side-wheel steamer, the engine of which vessel soon became disabled and the hull greatly damaged. After the vessels moved beyond the range of our guns, the command was promptly marched to Pickett's farm, at Turkey Island, and, as the steamers passed that point, they were again attacked, nearly every shot taking good effect.

I have to report the following casualties in the section of French's battery, viz: Private Eustace Gibson, mortally wounded in abdomen; Private Boston Bailey, slightly wounded in arm, and Private Henley Clyburn, slightly wounded in back.

I am, colonel, respectfully, yours,

A. W. STARK,

Major, Commanding Artillery.

Lieutenant-Colonel COUNCILL.

AUGUST 5, 1863.-Skirmish at Muddy Run, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General David McM. Gregg, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, Cavalry Corps.

Numbers 2.-Colonel John B. McIntosh, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 3.-Colonel John Taylor, First Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General david McM. Gregg, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, Cavalry Corps.

HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, August 5, 1863.

(Received 1 a. m.)

COLONEL: The force sent this a. m. toward Culpeper went on the Rixeyville road. At the bridge at the Muddy Run found a considerable force of the enemy. After a brisk skirmish of an hour, a strong line of skirmishers was advanced to the right and rear of the command, withdrew, and was followed, by about 300 of the enemy, within a piece of woods.

If there is to be no change, it would be much to the advantage of

