
[CHAP. XLI.

filading fire, at very short range on our right, from a battery which had been observed, but was supposed to belong to our own forces. The regiment was immediately formed and moved by the left flank so as to secure the cover of the hill on our left. The enemy opening on our rear with another battery on the other side of the run, we moved by the right flank, bringing up the rear of the brigade as it advanced to the road leading to Catlett's Station. Although exposed to heavy artillery fire for almost one hour, our loss was but 2 men wounded.

Having withdrawn the pickets and crossed the run, I rejoined my regiment and took command while the shelling was still going on. Having reached a position near Catlett's Station, I was ordered to report with my command to Colonel Kelly, commanding the Second Brigade, who ordered me into a position supporting his brigade, which was deployed as skirmishers. Being relieved by the cavalry, the regiment rejoined the brigade, and moved with it without incident until within a mile of Bristoe Station. Artillery and musketry fire being heard in our front, we immediately took the double-quick step and advanced to the support of the forces already engaged.

As we neared the station our forces were observed advancing at a charge, and a line of the enemy was just emerging from the woods on their flank. We immediately moved by the left flank, which brought us in line facing the line of the enemy, and advanced across the railroad. We were halted immediately, however, and ordered to recross to the south side of the railroad, which being there formed by a high embankment, afforded excellent shelter from the fire of the enemy. An artillery fire passed over our heads, in replying to which our batteries wounded Sergeant Barr, of Company B, so as to compel the amputation of his right arm.

Firing ceased at dark, and at 10 p.m. we took up our line of march with the column, leaving a detail of 20 men which had been deployed as skirmishers in our front. This detail reached us safely after crossing Bull Run.

I inclose a list of the wounded and missing.* The missing are all men whose were unable to march and may be with the wagon train.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. BEAVER,

Colonel 148th Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain S. R. BEARDSLEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 28. Report of Colonel John R. Brooke, Fifty-third Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Fourth Brigade.
HDQRS. FOURTH Brigadier, FIRST DIV., SECOND CORPS,October 17, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to communicate the following statement of the late actions and operations in which my command was engaged on the 14th instant, it being on that day rear guard on the corps:

On the morning of the 14th, I had been assigned position at Au-

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 248.

---------------

