
[CHAP. XLI.

enemy, and, though nearly half of the regiment consisted of men who had but recently joined under the enrollment act, they steadily maintained their ground, and behaved with the gallantry that has been so often before displayed by the Sixty-fourth New York, repelling every assault of the enemy with the coolness and determination of veterans. The enemy advanced twice upon my position, but, from some unexplained cause, retired without attacking. Nothing of moment occurred after this, the march being resumed at about 9 p.m., and continued until about 4 a.m. of the 15th, when we went into bivouac on the present ground.

I cannot speak too highly of the cool and brave conduct of officers and men, in the execution of the severe and trying duties that devolved on my command.

All behaved gallantly, and I would respectfully ask for them the notice of the general commanding.

Inclosed herewith I have the honor to forward list of casualties.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN R. BROOKE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major JOHN HANCOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 29. Report of Captain Peter McCullough, Second Delaware Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DELAWARE VOLUNTEERS,October 25, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with circular received this a.m., I have the honor to make the following report of operations of this command on the 14th instant:

Took up the line of march from 2 1/4 miles north of Warrenton Railroad Branch at 5.30 a.m., and halted, after marching 1 1/2 miles, on the top of Auburn Hill. The regiment, after halting and stacking arms, were ordered to cook coffee, and when engaged in doing so suddenly the enemy opened a battery, throwing shell among us. One man, Private Dietz, was there wounded. The regiment fell back in good order, and was sent to the front deployed as skirmishers.

The enemy's batteries were busily engaged in shelling our batteries and the woods, when orders came for us to march to the left flank double-quick as skirmishers, and follow the column, which was far in advance. The rebels firing solid shot and shell at us, with precision, at the turn of the road, we fear many were killed or wounded, as many were there missing.

A little farther on the enemy's skirmishers opened fire on us. Their numbers far exceeded ours, yet we returned the fire. Distance between the two lines from 100 to 150 yards. The enemy took the advantage of an opening in our lines and tried to flank our skirmishers, but they did not succeed, as our men took to the woods and skirmished their way out. The opening in our line was caused by double-quicking such a great distance, the men having been perfectly exhausted.

Our missing on this line up to date is 1 commissioned officer and 16 enlisted men. Far more were missing on that day, having lost 8

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 248.

---------------

