
of our column after getting out of the woods, and followed others for safety.

After rejoining the column, which had halted about 3 miles from Auburn, and forming a new line, quieting the enemy, we proceeded on our way to the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, where we formed in line of battle, awaiting the enemy, to advance on Bristoe Station. Took up line of march again at 8.30 p.m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PETER McCULLOUGH,

Captain, Commanding Second Delaware Volunteers.

Lieutenant CHARLES P. HATCH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 30. Report of Major Leman W. Bradley, Sixty-fourth New York Infantry.

CAMP NEAR WARRENTON BRANCH,

October 30, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you the operations of my command on the 14th instant, during the engagement at Auburn and Bristoe Station.

At daybreak the Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers left its camping place of the previous night, and after a march of half an hour crossed Cedar Creek at Auburn, halted on the hill a short distance from the creek, and stacked arms with the brigade, in the rear of the One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers. While the men were building fire and making coffee, we were suddenly surprised by the bursting of shell in our midst, from a battery of the enemy in our rear. I ordered the men to fall in, take arms, and lie down. A short time after the brigade was ordered to move over the hill; while moving in a line a shell burst in our midst, killing 4 men, wounding 3, 2 of the mortally. One officer, Actg. Adjt. Lieutenant Willard, was also wounded. After passing over the hill we formed into line on the left of the brigade, the roll was called, and every man found present. While remaining here, by lying on the ground we escaped injury from the enemy's missiles.

In compliance with an order from brigade commander, I counter-marched my regiment and moved to the right to support Lieutenant-Colonel Chapman, of the Fifty-seventh New York Volunteers, who had command of the picket line. I halted in a small ravine, and sent two companies to the right to strengthen the deployed line. After about an hour I was ordered to follow the One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, which was in rear of the column which was moving on the road toward Auburn.

Captain Wait, of Company C, was sent out to deploy his company as flankers on our right flank, and did good service in returning the fire of the enemy's skirmishers.

While moving toward and past Auburn, shells were continually bursting over our heads and around us, but, I am proud to say, every man kept his place in his company and marched steadily along. After moving in the rear of the column a mile and over, by order of the brigade commander I deployed the regiment as skirmishers, join-

18 R R-VOL XXIX, PT I

