
[CHAP. XLI.

Numbers 32. Report of Colonel Hiram L. Brown, One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 145TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,October 26, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the regiment under my command in the action near Auburn, the morning of the 14th instant, as also in the action at Bristoe Station during the afterpart of the same day:

The morning of that day at daylight in pursuance of orders, the regiment marched from a piece of woods where we had bivouacked the night before, and moved down the road in the direction of Manassas, crossed Cedar Run, and halted on a hill near Auburn, where we stacked arms and commenced making coffee. We had remained here but a few minutes when musketry firing was heard in the direction whence we came. About the same time a battery opened suddenly upon us from the opposite direction, and for a time our camp was most vigorously shelled. We immediately changed front and formed line of battle on the left of our brigade, which position was held against the enemy for about two hours. In obedience to orders we then moved down the Alexandria road, skirmishing on the way for about 3 miles.

Our loss in killed, wounded, and missing in this action was 2 officers and 31 enlisted men.*

We proceeded on our way to Bristoe Station, where we arrived about 3 4 p.m. and found the Second Division of the Second Corps engaged with the enemy. We then, with the rest of our division, formed in line of battle on the left of the Second Division, taking up a strong position behind the railroad, expecting an attack, our skirmishers at one time having been driven in. We remained in this position until about 10 o'clock that night, when we were ordered to abandon it and march to Bull Run.

During the action in the morning at Auburn, and while awaiting an attack at Bristoe Station during the afternoon, the officers and men in my command behaved with that coolness and bravery which men in my command behaved with that coolness and bravery which has ever characterized them, and I would with especial commendation refer to the conduct of that portion of my command which had but a short time previous been placed in the regiment under the conscription act. Their conduct was such as to assure me that hereafter they may be fully relieved upon to do their duty in similar emergencies.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

H. L. BROWN,

Colonel, Commanding 145th Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Lieutenant CHARLES P. HATCH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 248.

---------------

