
[CHAP. XLI.

more than a month ago, with an order to be mustered in from the time at which he reported at Morrisville) has not yet been on duty with the regiment. The regiment held its ground well.

As the fire of the corps artillery had driven the enemy from the battery in my front, Lieutenant Colonel Ansel D. Wass, Nineteenth Massachusetts Volunteers, was sent out with a line of skirmishers to seize the guns, five of which were brought in. The sixth gun could not be brought off, since its carriage had been broken and the enemy's fire was severe at this point.

The enemy formed a line of battle along my front, with another line, reaching obliquely to my right and front, about 600 yards long, about 4 p.m. I heard this line called to attention about 5 p.m., but beyond a picket skirmish there was no attack.

Lieutenant Brown's battery crossed Broad Run under the general orders which I had given it, and obtained a position which completely enfiladed the enemy's line when it charged. This battery did good service, was without infantry supports for a long time, but by its activity and boldness held its position without attack except by artillery fire, since the enemy naturally supposed it well supported.

The enemy lost in this attack about 300 prisoners, 2 battle-flags, and 5 guns. A large number of dead lay in front of my line.

My own loss was 1 officer killed, 9 officers wounded, 15 men killed, 85 men wounded, and 24 men missing.*

Of my staff, Captain Francis Wessels, judge-advocate, and Captain S. Newell Smith, acting assistant inspector-general, were severely wounded. Sergeant Tallman, Tenth New York Cavalry, carrying the division colors, was killed.

Colonel Mallon, commanding Third Brigade, was mortally wounded, rallying a few men of one of his regiments who were driven back from the most exposed position on his line. I lost in him an able commander and a brave, intelligent gentleman.

Brigade commanders have named those of their staffs who deserve special mention. As in this attack the position of staff officers was one of great exposure, this mention is well deserve.

I have no special mention to make of the conduct of regiments; all held their lines. The Seventh Michigan rose and moved to its front, with their colors leading them, when the enemy charged. The conscripts of the command evinced no disposition to fall back.

I desire to recommend to the commanding general Captain J. P. Wood, assistant adjutant-general of this division, for zealous,

intelligent assistance during this action; his duties and position entitle him to promotion, and I recommend him for a majority. As the staff officers were much exposed, I recommend him for a majority. As the staff officers were much exposed, I recommend for their gallant conduct Capts. Francis Wessels and S. Newell Smith, and Lieuts. William R. Steele and Augustus M. Van Dyke, aides-de-camp.

Brigade commanders kept their men well in hand, were close to them, and among them with their staffs.

Lieutenant-Colonel Morgan, chief of staff, was constantly an important adviser of the movements of the enemy, and of great assistance to me.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See revised statement p. 249.

---------------

