
Numbers 34. Report of Colonel Francis E. Heath, Nineteenth Maine Infantry, commanding First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION,October 16, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have honor to make the following report of the part taken by my brigade in the late action at Bristoe Station:

When the enemy was first discovered I formed my command, under the direction of the general commanding, on the line of the railroad to the south of Broad Run. When the enemy advanced we repulsed them with heavy loss, capturing two flags (one by the Nineteenth Maine Volunteers and the other by the Eighty-second New York Volunteers) and a large number of prisoners. The Eighty-second New York Volunteers was then sent, by the order of the commanding general, to support Brown's Rhode Island battery on the north side of Broad Run. The First Minnesota Volunteers were, however, deployed as skirmishers in our front, and during the engagement captured and brought off 2 guns.

Of the behavior of my command I cannot speak in too high terms. Although a large portion of it was composed of drafted men, none faltered. The field-officers of the different regiments composing the brigade behaved gallantly. I would especially mention Captain Duryee, assistant adjutant-general, Captain Hale, acting assistant inspector-general, and Lieutenant White, aide-de-camp, members of my staff, for their coolness and bravery.

I have already forwarded to you a nominal list of the casualties.*

Respectfully submitted.

F. E. HEATH,

Commanding Brigade.

Captain J. P. WOOD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 35. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Henry W. Cunningham, Nineteenth Maine Infantry.

NEAR BULL RUN, VA.,

October 16, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this regiment in the action near Bristoe Station, Va., on the 14th instant:

My command was placed in position by order of Colonel Heath, commanding brigade, about 2 p.m., on the left of the Fifteenth Massachusetts Volunteers, and on the eastern side of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad. When the attack was made by the enemy in our immediate front, it was most gallantly met and repulsed by this regiment. After a severe action of nearly one hour the enemy had fallen back in disorder, leaving large numbers of his killed and wounded in our front.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 249.

---------------

