
this division to change its locality from this, in order to get grass and water. A position on the river near the woolen factory would enable me to observe closely the same lines as at present, and would also make it the more practicable to get supplies. Can the change be made?

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel ALEXANDER.

[Indorsement.]

No objection to the change proposed.

A. A. H. [HUMPHREYS.]

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel John B. McIntosh, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE,August 5, 1863.

CAPTAIN: Colonel Taylor, First Pennsylvania Cavalry, crossed the Aestham River this morning early, and, taking the right-hand road toward Culpeper, passed up that road about 1 miles, driving in some 30 of the enemy's pickets, and then passed to the left, striking the Rixeyville and Culpeper road. Leaving a squadron at Rixeyville to guard his rear, proceeded on the Rixeyville and Culpeper road until he came to the bridge crossing Muddy Run, meeting he found a considerable force. After a skirmish of an hour's duration, failing to dislodge them, and finding a line of skirmishers thrown out to his right and rear, he fell back across the river, the enemy following him up with some 300 men and one piece of artillery.

The official report of Colonel Taylor will be forwarded immediately it is received. The picket force at Jefferson has been sent to Oak Shade to strengthen the force at that point.

Respectfully,

JNO. B. McINTOSH,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain H. C. WEIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel John P. Taylor, First Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST PENNSYLVANIA RESERVE CAVALRY,Amissville, August 5, 1863.

CAPTAIN: According to orders received by me at 1 o'clock a. m., "to move with my command at 3 a. m. precisely, for the purpose of making reconnaissance in the direction of Culpeper Court-House," I have the honor to report, that I moved precisely at the appointed time. Reached the river at break of day, crossed at Hill's Mill,

