
[CHAP. XLI.

A large number of prisoners were taken by this regiment and the regimental flag of the Twenty-second North Carolina Infantry (Confederate) was captured in front of our line by Private Moses C. Hanscom,* of Company F, of this regiment. While the loss of the enemy was heavy, that sustained by my regiment was comparatively slight, owing to our splendid position, and the protection of the railroad bank where we were. The whole loss of the regiment was 1 killed and 12 wounded.

The conduct of the officers and men of the entire regiment during this action was most excellent. I cannot specify any without injustice to the rest. I would also report that the conscripts of my regiment (about 250 in number), assigned to me within the past month, and who had never been in action before, behaved with great steadiness and gallantry, justly winning from all who observed them equal praise with our volunteers.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Nineteenth Maine Volunteers.

Captain W. B. C. DURYEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 36. Report of Lieutenant Colonel George C. Joslin, Fifteenth Massachusetts Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTEENTH MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS,October 16, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this command in the engagement with the enemy on the afternoon of the 14th instant, near Bristoe Station:

As we approached the above-named place the enemy suddenly opened fire with artillery, and I received orders to move to the right by the flank, and then by the left flank, forming a line of battle. Being on the right of the brigade at the time, we moved forward obliquing to the left to the railroad, where we halted, and the men ordered to lie down under cover of the embankment of the railroad. At this place the Eighty-second New York Volunteers, which was formed on our left, moved in our rear and to the right of us, giving place for a battery.

We remained but a short time in this position, when we were ordered to move by the flank along the line of the railroad and across Broad Run at double-quick. A portion of the command had crossed the run, when orders were given to face about, and move back at double-quick along the line of the railroad. While thus moving the enemy opened with musketry upon us without any effect. We soon arrived at a position where the railroad covered us from the enemy's fire. Here we halted, and, forming upon the side of the railroad, heavy line of battle. We kept up a steady and rapid fire, and repulsed the enemy after about an hour's fighting, with a loss of 1 officer wounded, and 9 enlisted men, 2 of them mortally.

---------------

*Awarded medal of honor.

---------------

