
As soon as the firing ceased, quite a large number of prisoners came in and were taken by my men. I was then ordered to send four companies to the front of our line of battle as pickets. At dark we withdrew from the line of the railroad, taking up our line of march and leaving the four companies sent out as pickets to withdraw when the column had passed, and join us on the following morning, which they did at Bull Run.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. C. JOSLIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain W. B. C. DURYEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 37. Report of Major Mark W. Downie, First Minnesota Infantry.

CAMP NEAR BLACKBURN'S FORD, VA.,

October 16, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command during the battle of Bristoe Station, October 14, 1863:

In obedience to directions from the general commanding division, I deployed my regiment as skirmishers on the front, perpendicular to, and its right resting on, the railroad. The line was then moved forward with orders to pass through a piece of woods on our front. The extreme left had entered the woods several rods, when, on discovering the enemy in superior force and fairly upon them, they delivered their fire and fell back slowly toward the right. The position and force of the enemy was such that it was deemed impracticable to extend the left, and it was drawn back to a position more secure, but sufficiently near for purposes of observation.

The line was then wheeled to the left, which movement brought it into the open field an within half musket range of the enemy's skirmishers, and in full view of his column, which was advancing directly on our front. The firing became very brisk along the whole line, and had continued some moments when the enemy's line of battle was discovered advancing rapidly some few rods in rear of their skirmishers. Their object was evidently o obtain possession of the railroad-a position not yet occupied by our troops-and I immediately gave the order to fall back behind the railroad. The movement was not commenced until their line was fairly upon us, and was executed under a very heavy fire from their front, but with very small loss. By this time the road had been secured by a brigade of the Third Division and our men found themselves extended along a front equal to their skirmish lines. The two lines had become engaged and it was found impracticable to reform the regiment, and the men fought in that position during the whole battle.

When the enemy's line was repulsed some of our skirmishers from the center were again sent to the front for purposes of observation. On passing a ridge of ground some 300 yards from our line they discovered a battery which had been abandoned by the enemy and one of its pieces dismounted. They were enabled to bring in two pieces

