
[CHAP. XLI.

only, but sent word back to the line for more men. Our men were then engaged in bringing in prisoners and Captain Maginnis, not being able to collect a sufficient number, reported the fact to a colonel of the Third Division (General Hays'), who immediately gave an order for a detail of 10 men from each regiment, stating at the same time that "our (his) brigade would get the credit of it." Three of the pieces were in consequence brought off from the field by men of the Third Division, although first discovered and taken by men of this regiment.

The entire number of prisoners brought in by men of this regiment was 322, among which were 2 field and 5 line officers.

With regard to the conduct of the officers and enlisted men, the result of their effort is a sufficient answer. They were never more firm and steady under fire, and to their valor and perseverance is due that meed of praise which is extended to the gallant and victorious soldier.

All of which I have the honor to submit.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARK W. DOWNIE,

Major, Commanding First Regiment Minnesota Volunteers.

Captain W. B. C. DURYEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 38. Report of Major Thomas W. Baird, Eighty-second New York Infantry.

BLACKBURN'S FORD, VA.,

October 15, 1863.

CAPTAIN: On the afternoon of the 14th instant, the regiment was engaged in the fight at Bristoe Station. After the brigade had formed in line of battle on the left of the railroad, the command was ordered to march by the right flank and double-quick across Broad Run. After crossing the stream we were ordered back to our position in line, on the extreme right of the brigade. Before this object could be accomplished the enemy had advanced to within 100 yards of the railroad, and kept up a rapid fire on our line from the wooden huts of a deserted camp, which afforded them cover.

On reaching our position, we opened fire to the right oblique, as the enemy were by this time crossing the railroad on our right. Their advance was soon checked, and the line thrown into confusion, when the greater number of those in our front threw down their arms and surrendered, Corpl. Thomas Cullen,* of Company I, taking the colors of the Twenty-eighth North Carolina Regiment from the hands of the bearer of the rebel flag.

As soon as the infantry firing ceased in our front, we were ordered again across Broad Run to support Battery B of the First Rhode Island Artillery, which was in position near the stream and under a severe artillery fire. The command was deployed as skirmishers to the right and 500 yards in front of the battery, which soon after changed positions. We were not again under fire.

---------------

*Awarded medal of honor.

---------------

