
The command lost in the action 7 non-commissioned officers and privates killed and 19 wounded.

Respectfully submitted.

T. W. BAIRD,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain W. B. C. DURYEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 39. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Ansel D. Wass, Nineteenth Massachusetts Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION,October 15, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade during the fight near Bristoe Station, yesterday, the 14th instant:

Leaving its temporary halting place near Catlett's Station about 2.30 p.m., the column continued the march on the left of the railway without any appearance of the enemy until, when about half a mile from Bristoe, firing was heard on the left. The column was halted and the Fifty-ninth New York was sent out as skirmishers on that flank, pushing into the edge of the woods. They were met by a line of the enemy's skirmishers, who, after firing, fell back, and with their main body moved to their left. Our column then continued its march till at the edge of the cut near the station, we could see a considerable force of the enemy in the woods on the left. We then filed across the track and formed in line behind the embankment to await the advance, for which the enemy was evidently making his dispositions. The Seventh Michigan Regiment was deployed as skirmishers, connecting with the left of those already established, and extending into a piece of woods completely covering the left flank. The enemy's line advanced beyond the crest, but meeting a severe fire from our artillery and skirmishers, withdrew.

Soon after a much stronger line advanced under our fire till, when very near the railway, it broke and retired in confusion, leaving the ground covered with its dead and wounded. A few succeeded in climbing the embankment, where they were either killed or made prisoners. A party of about 20 took position in a ruined building within 100 feet of our line, and continued firing until they were surrounded and the entire party captured by men from the Forty-second New York.

The fire was continued until the enemy disappeared in the woods behind the crest. A line of skirmishers was immediately thrown forward and pushed after them. Upon the crest was a battery of five guns. The skirmishers from this brigade, under Lieutenant Thompson, of the Nineteenth Massachusetts, drew four of these guns into our lines. The fifth gun being dismounted, it was not considered advisable to attempt to bring it off, as the enemy was delivering a sharp fire upon those who brought away the others. A large number of prisoners were also brought in.

During the advance of the enemy, and while the fire was hottest,

