
[CHAP. XLI.

a part of the line of the Forty-second New York, composed principally of conscripts, and much exposed where a road crossed the track, gave way. In attempting to rally them Colonel Mallon, commanding the brigade, was shot through the body and died in an hour afterward. Through the exertions of the officers and non-commissioned officers of the Forty-second the break was filled. A large number of the men in the Forty-second New York, Nineteenth and Twentieth Massachusetts Regiments were conscripts and under fire for the first time. Their conduct, especially of those belonging to the Nineteenth and Twentieth Massachusetts, was all that could be desired, and they showed themselves worthy to rank with the veterans of those regiments. With the exception above mentioned, those of the Forty-second New York also behaved well.

Where all did their entire duty it would be unjust to particularize any individuals. In Colonel Mallon the service has lost a valuable officer. He fell in the extreme front while using his utmost exertions to rally the men who had given way from the most exposed position. After he fell the command of the brigade devolved upon me as senior officer.

The casualties were: Officers, 1 killed and 4 wounded; enlisted men, 3 killed, 31 wounded, and 23 missing.*

That there may be no doubt who brought off the captured guns, I mention the names of the enlisted men who first saw and were most conspicuous in their capture: Sergeants Corrigan and Malony and Private Johnson, of Company E, Nineteenth Massachusetts; and Corporal Curtis, of the First Company of Andrew Sharpshooters, Massachusetts Volunteers.

Respectfully,

ANSEL D. WASS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain J. P. WOOD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 40. Report of Major Edmund Rice, Nineteenth Massachusetts Infantry.

NEAR BLACKBURN'S FORD, VA.,

October 17, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of this regiment during the engagement at Bristoe, Va., October 14, 1863:

At the first appearance of the enemy the regiment was marching by the right flank along the railroad, when they were suddenly separated from the advance of the brigade by a battery of artillery breaking the column, thereby causing a delay of some minutes. As soon as the battery had passed, the regiment advanced on the double-quick until they joined the brigade, when they were halted and formed into line of battle behind the railroad track. The enemy advanced, and after a severe contest with the skirmishers in our immediate front, drove them in.

At this point Colonel Mallon, commanding brigade, being severely wounded, Lieutenant-Colonel Wass assumed command of the bri-

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 249.

---------------

