
gade; therefore the command of the regiment devolved upon myself.

Observing that the skirmishers were being hard pressed, I ordered the men to reserve their fire until the skirmishers had retired and the enemy were within about 100 yards. The regiment reserved its fire until seeing that the enemy would advance no farther, when they poured into them a terrific fire, which caused them to make a hasty retreat.

Having received orders from Lieutenant-Colonel Wass, commanding brigade, to throw out a line of skirmishers in my front, I immediately deployed my two flank companies as such, which advanced and captured a large number of the enemy who had concealed themselves in a house and ditch. Among the prisoners were a field officer and several line officers.

After the capture of the prisoners Lieutenant Thompson, who had command of the two companies, seeing that the enemy had deserted a battery of five guns in front of us, and not being desirous to weaken his line, allowed 3 men, Sergeants Corrigan and Malony and Private Johnson, of Company E, to advance to the pieces, which they did, and brought in one pieces, with the limbers, and 4 horses. He immediately sent word to the brigade that there was more artillery there, and requested men to bring them in, which were immediately furnished from this regiment and First Company of Andrew Sharpshooters, they bringing in two pieces more.

The men behaved admirably, and I would state that the gallantry of the conscripts far exceeded my expectations.

Respectfully submitted.

EDMUND RICE,

Major, Commanding Nineteenth Massachusetts Volunteers.

Lieutenant WILLIAM R. DRIVER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 41. Report of Major Henry L. Abbott, Twentieth Massachusetts Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTIETH MASSACHUSETTS INFANTRY,October 17, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the share of the Twentieth Massachusetts Infantry in the affair of the 14th instant, near Bristoe Station:

Shortly after the enemy appeared on the flank of the column, and the fire of the skirmishers opened, the regiment, in obedience to orders from superior authority, was halted, faced to the front, and placed behind the embankment of the railroad along which the road ran. The enemy were soon seen in full, advancing in an oblique line to our position from the right, their left toward us, and their right considerably refused. The regiment held its fire until, the hostile line being very near, the order came from the colonel commanding the brigade to open. The fire was the fire by rank until it degenerated into file firing. So close was the enemy before the regiment opened fire, and so speedily did they break and get out of range, that with the exception of the skirmishers only about six rounds per man was expended.

