
[CHAP. XLI.

I cannot say too much of the coolness and obedience of the men of this command, as the circumstances made the occasion very trying, although the losses from the enemy's fire were unimportant in numbers. This conduct, though of course to be expected from the veteran soldiers, was to many unexpected on the part of the substitutes who had but recently joined, and who formed one-half the regiment. Except that they were rather slow to get up before delivering their fire, they behaved as well as could be wished from old troops.

The First Company of Andrew Sharpshooters, attached to this regiment, thrown out as skirmishers immediately after the enemy retired, gradually advancing at first, finally at a run, captured two pieces of a battery which the enemy had placed in front of our line, but which had been deserted except by a few skirmishers. The first man at the guns was Corpl. George Curtis, of same company, to whom belongs the credit of originating and effecting the capture of these two guns, the first which were taken from this battery.

Although these skirmishers suffered no loss in this attempt, I think they deserve the highest praise for the well-timed audacity of a scheme which only a very brave man could have originated and been the first to execute, since the enemy's skirmishers could still be seen among the trees about the battery, and were very likely to be there in force sufficient to repel such an assault, as, in fact, they were shortly afterward. I would therefore respectfully call the attention of the colonel commanding the brigade to the conduct of the company generally, and that of Corporal Curtis in particular.

In conclusion, I would also call most particular attention to the fact that 1 man was killed and 4 badly wounded by the careless firing or poor ammunition of our own battery in the rear of us. Such a fire from the rear is much more trying than a fire ten times more destructive from the enemy. If this evil were unavoidable and accidental, it would of course be superfluous to mention it; but the same thing was done in a previous battle (I think, by the same battery), and on occasions the battery persisted in the same course long after the damage done was properly represented to them, seeming to regard it as a matter of slight importance whether or not the infantry in front, taking the brunt of the fight, lose a few more or less, from the fire of our own side in addition to what the enemy inflicted. In this particular case it happened that our battery caused just double the loss that the whole fire of the enemy did. I would therefore respectfully request that some measures be taken to prevent a repetition of this very disheartening occurrence.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. ABBOTT,

Major Twentieth Massachusetts Volunteers.

Lieutenant WILLIAM R. DRIVER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 42. Report of Major Sylvanus W. Curtis, Seventh Michigan Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTH MICHIGAN VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,October 17, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that about 4 p.m. on the 14th instant, while this regiment was marching at the rear of the brigade,

