
and when within a short distance of Bristoe Station, picket firing was heard on our left flank. This regiment was ordered to be deployed as skirmishers to cover our left flank and rear.

Soon after deploying, a force of the enemy's infantry was discovered marching in the same direction some 50 rods on our left. The enemy soon opened fire upon us and we fell back to the railroad. At this time a brigade of the Third Division came up and occupied the same ground which we then held. The enemy were advancing with an evident determination to obtain possession of the line of railroad and soon exposed their right flank. At this time we opened upon them with a right-oblique fire and were soon ordered to charge them by General Hays, commanding the Third Division, and they soon fell back in disorder. We then advanced toward the left of the hill upon which their battery was placed until we arrived at a ravine lying across our course, and upon the opposite side of which we found the enemy drawn up in line of battle. We opened fire upon them and soon drove them from their position, which we held until ordered to fall back to the railroad, where I rallied the regiments and took position in line with a portion of the Third Division, by General Hays' order, which position we held until about 8 p.m., when I was ordered to rejoin the brigade, and soon after marched with it in the direction of Centreville.

Officers and men, with but few exceptions, behaved in the most unexceptional manner.

Captains Vrooman and Harris and Lieutenant McPherson were under arrest at the time, and the first-named officer was also sick and had been so for several days. These officers went to the rear as soon as the action commenced, and did not join the regiment until after it had marched from the field.

Our loss was 1 officer and 8 men wounded, most of them slightly.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. CURTIS,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant WILLIAM R. DRIVER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 43. Report of Captain Robert C. Wright, Forty-second New York Infantry.
HDQRS. FORTY-SECOND REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLS.,October 17, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report to you that on the 14th day of October, near Bristoe Station, Va., while marching by the right flank, the enemy appeared advancing on us in line of battle.

I was immediately directed by Colonel Mallon to take up position behind the bank of the railroad, which was directly in our front. We there awaited the advance of the enemy, who were marching on with unflinching bravery. Our fire was reserved until they came close upon us. Then we opened with terrible effect, and succeeded in repulsing them with severe loss and capturing many prisoners. I then sent out two companies to follow up the retreating foe, and act as skirmishers in our front. They advanced about a quarter of

