
[CHAP. XLI.

a mile to a wood, and there found the enemy in force and advancing. They then fell back according to orders and joined the regiment.

Colonel Mallon, of this regiment (in command of the brigade), while gallantly leading his command, was killed.

The officers of this regiment acted with great courage and gallantry, doing all in their power to urge and encourage the men. The men of this regiment surpassed all anticipation in coolness and bravery, most of them being substitutes or conscripts, having joined but a few days previous to the engagement.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. C. WRIGHT,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant WILLIAM R. DRIVER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 44. Report of Captain Horace P. Rugg, Fifty-ninth New York Infantry.

NEAR CENTREVILLE, VA.,

October 17, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this command in the engagement at Bristoe Station, October 14, 1863:

On the march from Catlett's we were the leading battalion in the brigade, and on nearing the scene of the engagement we were ordered out as skirmishers. We had hardly crossed the railroad track and got formed in line before a volley of musketry was fired at us. We immediately deployed and advanced, soon finding the enemy, who were falling back in line of battle. They soon advanced again, and moved by the left flank toward our right. I reported both these movements to the brigade commander.

Shortly after this I was ordered to move by the right flank and cover the brigade, which I attempted to do, but, on getting to the outside of the woods through which we were passing, I found that the enemy were advancing in line of battle and were engaging our line. I then ordered the regiment to fall back to the railroad track, where they obtained shelter and remained, as there were no other troops there. A portion of the Third Division soon came up and occupied that part of the track. I then attempted to get my men together but did not succeed, as the left wing had advanced tot he wood in front with the Seventh Michigan Regiment, and was retained there by General Hays. With the men that I did get together I returned to the brigade and took our former position on the right, but was immediately ordered to advance them to the skirmish line again, where we remained until the column moved off.

The reason that a portion of the battalion advanced with the Seventh Michigan was that when we fell back to the cut in the railroad we were deployed as skirmishers, and the Third Division coming up to the position we occupied, the regiment got mixed up and divided, and the left wing was ordered to advance with the Seventh Michigan Volunteers by Major Curtis, commanding that regiment.

