
Our loss was 5 enlisted men wounded and 4 enlisted men missing, probably taken prisoners.

In conclusion, I would beg leave to state that both officers and men behaved well, and nobly did their part in winning the day.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

HORACE P. RUGG,

Captain, Fifty-ninth New York Vols., Commanding Battalion.

Lieutenant WILLIAM R. DRIVER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 45. Report of Brigadier General Alexander Hays, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division.

AUBURN, FAUQUIER COUNTY, VA.,

October 22, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor, according to instructions, to forward this report of the operations of the Third Division, Second Army Corps, during the day of the 14th:

The division, excepting the first brigade, which had been retained as guard to train, marched from bivouac at daybreak. Crossing the stream at Auburn, it was directed to take the road to Catlett's Station, on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad. Here the march was opposed by the rebels in such force as to render precautions necessary. A light skirmish line was thrown forward, but was soon repulsed by the rebel cavalry. The entire regiment of the One hundred and twenty-sixth New York Volunteers, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel J. M. Bull, was then moved forward, supported by the Twelfth New Jersey Volunteers. In a short time our force came in conflict with the rebels. It was short, but very decisive. The rebel cavalry led by Colonel Thomas Ruffin, charged furiously upon the deployed One hundred and twenty-sixth and were most gallantly repulsed, with the loss of their leader, who was mortally wounded.

Our march from this point past Catlett's Station and along the railroad was not interrupted until we arrived at Bristoe Station. It was there announced that the rebels were advancing in line of battle to attack our flank. As soon as possible the successive brigades of the division were put in rapid motion and flanked to meet the rebel line. The contest was for possession of the line of railroad, which afforded a strong defense. We gained it and met the rebels with a withering fire of musketry, while our artillery played upon them from our rear. The results of our victory are marked by 2 stand of colors and the possession of 5 pieces of artillery which the rebels left behind.

General Webb's, the Second Division, occupied our right, while General Caldwell's, the First Division, held the position on our left. Colonel Carroll, commanding the First Brigade of the Third Division, also arrived from the rear, and took position on the extreme left of the line of battle.

After the first repulse of the rebels, the Second Brigade of the Third Division, commanded by Colonel Smyth, advanced through the dense grove of pines in advance of the left of the division, and

19 R R-VOL XXIX, PT I

