
learned the enemy's pickets had been withdrawn about 6 p. m. yesterday. I immediately advanced on the Culpeper Court-House road, via Rixeyville, drove in their outpost pickets, half a mile from the mill.

Before advancing farther on the Rixeyville road, I sent one squadron on the road leading to the right. After driving the enemy's pickets before them for 2 miles, the squadron returned, and I advanced toward Rixeyville, 1/2 miles distant.

Upon arriving at Rixeyville, I learned the enemy had a regular line of skirmishers close upon my rear. Leaving one squadron at Rixeyville to guard my right and rear, I proceeded toward Culpeper Court-House. Midway between Rixeyville and Muddy Run, I found a road leading to the right, and 4 pickets stationed thereat. Here I also left pickets, and drove their pickets before me to Muddy Run, where we found the enemy-consisting of infantry, cavalry, and artillery-strongly posted in ambush on the opposite side.

Finding them being strongly r-enforced, after one hour's severe skirmishing, during which time the enemy fired by volleys, I found it expedient to retire, which I did, rapidly and in good order, closely followed by a superior force of the enemy, with cavalry and artillery, to the river bank at Rixey's Ford, where I recrossed at 1 p. m.

I would also beg leave to state that I learned from a citizen and a negro that, on account of the heavy firing yesterday, Jones' (rebel) brigade fell back 2 miles beyond Muddy Run, where he has his headquarters at a church, and that the Eleventh Virginia [Cavalry] Regiment was encamped a short distance beyond Muddy Run.

In conclusion, I would say my command consisted of less than 300 men, and, am happy to state, have returned without any loss.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. TAYLOR,

Commanding.

Captain A. WRIGHT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUST 5-12, 1863.-Expedition from Kempsville, Va., into Currituck and Camden Counties, N. C.

Reports of Captain W. Dewees Roberts, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry.

COWELL GUM, CURRITUCK COUNTY, N. C.,

August 6, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with orders received from you, I left Kempsville yesterday morning and proceeded to Great Bridge. Left one company, Lieutenant J. S. Nimmon commanding, at that place. With the remaining three companies I moved on, and last night encamped near Northwest Bridge. To-day I reached this point, 6 miles from Currituck Court-House, 5 from Indiantown, and 10 from Camden Court-House.

I have been unable, so far, to find any guerrillas, and hear from sources that seem to be reliable, there are but few, either in Norfolk or Currituck Counties. In Camden County there is one company, in all about 50 men.

