
[CHAP. XLI.

approached the point of attack. In the meantime a line of skirmishers, commanded by Colonel C. D. MacDougall, One hundred and eleventh Regiment New York Volunteers, detailed from regiments, brigades, and divisions, without distinction, advanced to the wood and withdrew the artillery captured. A second attack was attempted, but was repulsed by our artillery, without the aid of infantry.

I respectfully refer to the accompanying reports of my brigade commanders for full particulars, Brigadier General J. T. Owen, commanding Third Brigade; Colonel S. S. Carroll, commanding First Brigade, and Colonel T. A. Smith, commanding Second Brigade. To them and to their subordinate officers and men is due the credit of our almost perfect success.

To my personal staff, Asst. Adjt. General G. P. Corts; aides Lieuts. D. Shields and J. S. Sullivan; Lieutenant W. E. Potter, ordnance officer, and Captain J. C. Lynch, division inspector, I feel deeply indebted for their effective assistance in the attack and on all other occasions.

I inclose herewith the nominal lists of the killed, wounded, and missing, also a general summary of the same, showing the loss of the division to be 1 commissioned officer killed and 11 wounded; 19 enlisted men killed, 133 wounded, and 35 missing; total loss, 199.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. HAYS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 46. Report of Colonel Samuel S. Carroll, Eighth Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS,October 17, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the brigade which I have the honor to command in the operations of the 14th instant:

At 4.30 a.m. we left camp as guard for the ammunition train. At about 6 the enemy's cavalry attacked our cavalry on our left flank, upon which I immediately threw out flankers and covered the crossing of the train at Cedar Creek. I was then ordered to take up a position on the crest of the hill on the left of the creek, and to hold the same until the train was out of the way, which I did. My crossing after the rear of the corps passed was covered by a brigade of the First Division, which brigade and mine alternately fell back, covering each other until we arrived at the railroad. I then took the advance of the division until I arrived within about 2 miles of Bristoe Station, when I was ordered to hold a hill upon the right until all the infantry had passed. At about 4 p.m. firing commenced upon the right, and I was ordered forward and took up a position on the railroad upon the right of Colonel Brooke's brigade.

I held my position upon the railroad until 10.30 p.m., when the corps having crossed Broad Run, I brought up the rear with my

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 249.

---------------

