
brigade. Our skirmishers were engaged several times, and twice the enemy advanced in front as for a charge, but upon seeing our position, changed his mind and fell back.

The officers and men of the command behaved as they always do.

Our loss in killed, wounded, and missing was as follows: 2 enlisted men wounded, 3 missing, and 3 taken previously.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. CARROLL,

Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding Brigade.

Captain GEORGE P. CORTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 47. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Elijah H. C. Cavins, Fourteenth Indiana Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,January 18, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to an order just received, I submit the report of the part taken by the Fourteenth Regiment Indiana Volunteers in the engagement near Auburn and Bristoe Station, on the 14th day of October, 1863.

The regiment was commanded by Colonel John Coons, and was in the First Brigade, commanded by Colonel S. S. Carroll. At daylight the enemy opened fire on the cavalry skirmishers on our left as the regiment was marching along the road over which the corps was to march. By order of Colonel Carroll, skirmishers were sent out to support the cavalry, and our skirmishers marched on the flank until the regiment arrived on the hill overlooking the ford at Cedar Run, at which place the regiment took position with the brigade to cover the ford while other troops and the trains were passing.

About 10 a.m. the regiment, with the brigade, left the position at Cedar Run by order and marched toward Bristoe. When within 3 miles of Bristoe the regiment, with the brigade, halted for the purpose of covering the rear of the corps. After the corps passed they took up their line of march for Bristoe, arrived there about one hour before sunset, and took position along the railroad, the left of the regiment resting on the right of Colonel Brooke's brigade, of the First Division. The enemy, while concealed in the thickets, fired upon the column as it was marching to Bristoe and while the regiment was taking position, but none was injured thereby, nor did the regiment have any opportunity of engaging the enemy. The regiment remained in position at that place until 10 p.m., when by order it marched with the brigade to Bull Run.

The following-named men were taken prisoners by the enemy early in the morning while on picket: Ed. Dehan, private, Company G, and James Riley, private, Company D.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. C. CAVINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fourteenth Indiana Volunteers.

Lieutenant J. G. REID,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

