
[CHAP. XLI.

Numbers 48. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Gordon A. Stewart, Fourth Ohio Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,January 19, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part the Fourth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry took in the action at Bristoe Station, on the 14th of October, 1863:

On the march from Catlett's to Bristoe, the regiment had the left of the brigade. After arriving on the field, I was ordered to take a position to cover the left of our line along the railroad. I threw out three companies as skirmishers, changed the front of the regiment perpendicular to the railroad, the right resting on the road, and remained in this position until about 9 p.m., when I received orders to withdraw and join the brigade. The regiment covered the rear of the column.

The regiment was under but slight fire, and did not suffer any casualties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. A. STEWART,

Lieutenant Colonel Fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Regiment

Lieutenant J. G. REID,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 49. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Franklin Sawyer, Eighth Ohio Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEERS,October 18, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Eighth Regiment Ohio Volunteers at and near Bristoe Station, on the evening of October 14:

The regiment occupied the left center of the brigade, and was formed in line with the brigade in support of Colonel Brooke's brigade, between the railroad track and a thick pine wood to the south of the track, soon after our forces were attacked in our advance, which position we maintained until near 10 o'clock in the evening, when, the enemy having been driven back, we withdrew with the brigade. The enemy's advance was near us at times, and though not immediately attacked, we were within his range of fire. My loss was.*

The officers and men behaved well throughout the engagement.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

FRANKLIN SAWYER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant J. G. REID,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 2 wounded and 3 missing.

---------------

