
[CHAP. XLI.

About 3 p.m., as the column was marching by a flank from a wood toward the railroad near Bristoe Station, the enemy suddenly attacked the column with artillery. General Hays ordered me to form line of battle to the left, and advance as the brigade debouched from the wood. I marched it by the left flank, owing to the right of the brigade marching in line, while the left was obliged to move forward into line as it came out of the wood. Some little disorder was occasioned which was, however, soon rectified, and the brigade was formed into line of battle along the railroad. A column of the enemy appeared on a hill in our front and a little to our right, and opened a fire of musketry. An order was received from General Hays to move forward through the wood and charge that column of the enemy on their right flank. I ordered my command to fix bayonets and advance through the woods. The line was formed of the following regiments in succession to the left: The Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers, Twelfth New Jersey, and One hundred and eighth New York Volunteers.

A regiment of the Second Division, the Seventh Michigan, came to the front at this point. They had been deployed as flankers. As there was an interval between the Twelfth New Jersey and the One hundred and eighth New York, I placed the Seventh Michigan there to complete the connection, thinking that more service could be obtained by forming it in the line than here by permitting it in the emergency to fall back to seek its brigade. This regiment was commanded by Major S. W. Curtis, who seemed anxious to perform his share in the action wherever circumstances might place him. His regiment fought well.

Colonel C. J. Powers, One hundred and eighth New York Volunteers, reported a force of the enemy moving toward our left, and several musket shots were fired into the One hundred and eighth New York, wounding 1 or 2 men. I reported this to General Hays, who directed me to make such disposition as would meet the enemy. I then ordered the One hundred and eighth New York Volunteers, Seventh Michigan, and two companies of the Twelfth New Jersey to file to the left. Finding that skirmishers from the First Division were deployed in our front, I cautioned the command against firing unless they were sure they saw the enemy.

About this time the skirmishers of the Third Brigade were advancing to capture one of the enemy's batteries. In order to prevent the enemy in our front from moving to the rescue of the battery, my line was advanced to the open space on the side of the wood toward the enemy. A rebel line then made its appearance about 400 yards from my line, their line of battle moving a little diagonally to mine, their right being closer to us than their left, at which my command opened a severe fire of musketry upon them, and arrested their progress. Receiving an order from General Hays to halt my command and hold the position, I did so.

Soon after I received an order from General Hays to fall back and take position along the railroad. This was accordingly executed, the brigade retiring to its new position in good order. About dark the enemy opened upon us with a battery, which did but little injury, however, before it was silenced. About 8 p.m. an order was received to prepare to resume the march, following the Third Brigade. At 10.30 the march commenced quietly and in perfect order, and the command continued to Bull Run, where it bivouacked at 3 a.m. on the morning of the 15th.

