
One hundred and thirty-five men of different regiments of the Second Division, Third Corps, who had straggled from their commands, were assembled at Turkey Creek and assigned temporarily to this brigade. I attached them to the Twelfth New Jersey Volunteers and they were joined to several companies. Many of these men again dropped out from the regiment when going into action, but the majority of the remained and fought bravely. Of these, 1 man was killed and 3 wounded, but owing to the activity of the day no opportunity offered to get their names, companies, or regiments.

In concluding my report, I deem it but justice to mention to the general commanding the division the efficient service and gallantry of Colonel Charles J. Powers, commanding the One hundred and eighth New York Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel Thomas H. Davis, commanding the Twelfth New Jersey Volunteers; Colonel Theodore G. Ellis, commanding the Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers. All of these officers are entitled to much credit for the promptness with which they executed my orders, and the energy and zeal with which they labored to secure success.

Considering the suddenness of the attack, the difficulties under which the command formed, the density of the wood through which it moved, and remembering that a large portion of it was untried soldiers, I think they behaved very well indeed.

I would also respectfully recommend to your notice the gentlemen of my staff, Captain William P. Seville, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain John L. Sparks, acting assistant inspector-general, Lieutenant Theron E. Parsons, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant Edward M. Dubois, aide-de-camp. Their conduct was cool and self-possessed, and their services meritorious.

I have the honor to forward herewith a nominal list of the killed, wounded, and missing of this brigade.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. A. SMYTH,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain GEORGE P. CORTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 52. Report of Colonel Theodore G. Ellis, Fourteenth Connecticut Infantry.
HDQRS. FOURTEENTH CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS,October 17, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers in the engagement near Bristoe Station, on the 14th instant:

We were marching along the easterly side of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad when we came in sight of the enemy, posted on a hill some 500 yards west of the railroad, our column marching by the right flank, being about the same distance east of it. Coming up opposite the enemy's batteries on the double-quick, the regiment was marched to the front in line of battle across the railroad, and

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 249.

---------------

