
[CHAP. XLI.

through a piece of woods to its farther edge, where we remained for some time in line of battle. In advancing toward the railroad we met with most of our loss, from a severe infantry fire from our front and right.

The enemy being driven off from the position on the hill to our front, we were ordered to advance. After advancing a short distance, we observed a line of battle of the enemy through the woods on our left. We immediately changed front to left, and engaged such part of the line as could be seen through the openings. Receiving orders to fall back to the railroad, we did so, and remained lying in line of battle along its easterly side until the troops were withdrawn at night.

The following is a list of the killed, wounded, and missing of this regiment during the action.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. G. ELLIS,

Colonel Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers.

Captain WILLIAM P. SEVILLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 53. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Edward P. Harris, First Delaware Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DELAWARE VOLUNTEERS,October 18, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the movements and the part taken by the First Regiment Delaware Volunteers in the engagement with the enemy at Turkey Run and Bristoe Station, Va., on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, on October 14, 1863:

The regiment, with the brigade, arrived on the south side of Turkey Run at 10 p.m., October 13, where it bivouacked until the morning of the 14th instant. The command got under arms at 5 a.m., and took up its line of march by the right flank (being on the extreme right of the brigade), passing the wagon train, crossed the run, and halted in the road, as firing was heard in our rear and right flank.

By order of the colonel commanding the brigade, five companies of the regiment, consisting of the right wing, commanded by Major Woodall, were deployed on the left flank of the brigade. The enemy in the meantime opening upon them with artillery and musketry in front, the left wing of the regiment was formed in line of battle to the left and front, connecting with Third Brigade on right and Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers on left, remaining in this position one hour under fire from the enemy's artillery. The enemy being driven away, the command commenced its march to the being driven away, the command commenced its march to the Orange and Alexandria Railroad. Arriving at or near Catlett's Station, the right wing of the regiment joined the column, the left wing, consisting of five companies (in its stead) were deployed, as hereto-

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 4 men killed, 1 officer and 17 men wounded, and 4 men missing.

---------------

