
fore, under command of Major Woodall, on the right flank of the brigade as skirmishers. Arriving near Bristoe Station, marching in column by a flank, the enemy opened fire upon the regiment with artillery and musketry. The regiment was immediately ordered to move by left flank and proceed at double-quick to the east side of the railroad. They did so at a run, receiving a furious fire of musketry from the enemy in a pine woods. Driving the enemy through the woods, the regiment was halted with the brigade on its outer edge. The enemy not making their appearance in the front, it remained there one hour.

The enemy's battery in front being silenced, the regiment was ordered forward to cross an open field. The enemy here engaged the regiment. Arriving on the crest of a hill in the field, the regiment was halted, by order of the colonel commanding the brigade, to await the coming up of the brigade, formed line, and were marched to our original position on the east side of the railroad, where the regiment remained until marched to Mitchell's Ford, where the command is now encamped.

The left wing, which was deployed as skirmishers on the flank, received a heavy artillery fire, and also musketry, having 4 wounded. The loss during the engagement was 1 officer slightly wounded, 2 men killed, 11 wounded, and 2 missing in action.

The officers and men behaved as soldiers should.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD P. HARRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding First Delaware Volunteers.

Captain WILLIAM P. SEVILLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 54. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas H. Davis, Twelfth New Jersey Infantry.
HDQRS. TWELFTH REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VOLS.,October 17, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by the Twelfth New Jersey Volunteers in the action of October 14, as follows:

While moving by the flank at rout step, the enemy opened a brisk fire on us from the left bank of the railroad. We were then ordered by Colonel Smyth, commanding brigade, to move by the left flank and charge across the field at double-quick, which was done, under a heavy fire, to the railroad. Driving the enemy from the railroad, formed line and advanced across the road through the woods; then halted until ordered to fall back to railroad was then ordered by Colonel Smyth to support Ames' battery, which order was executed, and remained in support until the battery was withdrawn, and we were then ordered to join the brigade.

Casualties were as follows: 1 commissioned officer severely wounded; 1 enlisted man killed, and 5 enlisted men wounded.

