
[CHAP. XLI.

I will add that while on the march, a short time previous to the engagement, a number of stragglers, belonging to the Third Corps, who were arrested by the provost guard, were placed in the ranks of this regiment. The number that followed the regiment to the fight behaved nobly, 5 being wounded. Owing to the short space of time and continual marching, we were unable to learn their names, regiment, or company.

The following officers were in the engagement and conducted themselves in the best manner: Major John T. Hill and Adjt. Josiah P. Franklin; Captain Sylvester S. Chase, Company A; Lieuts. Benjamin F. Lee and Richard C. Wilson, Company B; Lieutenant Newton M. Brooks, Company C; Captain James McComb and Lieutenant James L. McIlhenny, Company D; Captain Daniel Dare, and Lieuts. Philip M. Armington and Stephen G. Eastwick, Company E; Lieutenant James S. Stratton, Company F; Lieutenant James T. Lowe, Company G; Lieutenant Samuel Williams, Company H; Captain Henry F. Chew, Company I; Captain Richard S. Thompson, Company K; Sergt. Major Charles D. Lippincott; Color-Sergts. Charles E. cheeseman and William H. Griffin.

Very respectfully,

THOS. H. DAVIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain WILLIAM P. SEVILLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 55. Report of Colonel Charles J. Powers, One hundred and eighth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. 108TH REGIMENT NEW YORK STATE VOLS.,October 21, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward the following report of the part my regiment took in the recent battle at Bristoe Station, October 14:

The Second Army Corps moved from bivouac at Auburn on the morning of that day in the following order: Second Division, Third Division, First Division. The Third Division moved the Third Brigade and Second Brigade, the First Brigade being detached. The Second Brigade, of which my regiment forms a part, marched: First Delaware, Fourteenth Connecticut, Twelfth New Jersey, and One hundred and eighth New York.

Crossing the Orange and Alexandria Railroad about 2 1/2 miles southerly from Bristoe Station, we moved rapidly up the line of the road on the south side. When within three-fourths of a mile of the station, the artillery firing which we had heard from that direction for some little time greatly increased and was accompanied by musketry, indicating that the head of the column had become engaged with the enemy. The command was here ordered to double-quick, and at that pace we moved on to the scene of action without halting. The brigade then advanced by the left flank immediately on to the enemy's position, crossing the railroad at right angles and driving through a dense cedar brush to where the enemy were supposed to be lodged.

My regiment being on the extreme left and a number of straggling skirmishers from the Second Division misleading me, it was with

