
difficulty I kept up my connection on the right. Doing so, however, and after a smart firing with the skirmishers and sharpshooters of the enemy, in which I lost several men and 1 officer wounded, we debouched in open ground. Here we could easily distinguish the retiring rebels who had apparently been utterly routed by the severity of our attack and the rapidity and unexpectedness of our movements. Their stragglers and retiring skirmish line fell, many of them, an easy prey to our rifles. But we soon discovered a formidable body of the enemy to the left of our front, perhaps 500 yards distant. It was long range, but some of their balls reached us, and we opened on them, carefully giving the distance to the men that they should not carry short. We must have done considerable execution here. We were, however, soon ordered to fall back, which embankment which the road here forms, until about 9 p.m., we moved under orders to the north side of Bull Run in the neighborhood of Centreville, crossing at Mitchell's Ford.

I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of my command; both officers and men acted their parts manfully. I had not one of my field or staff officers with me, but Captain Deverell, senior captain present, aided me with intelligence and courage, as also did Captain Everett. Lieutenant Porter, who was wounded, is an invaluable officer in action. This is the second time that he has been wounded while doing his duty gallantly with the regiment.

The following are the casualties, nominal list having been sent in heretofore: Killed, 1 enlisted man; wounded, 1 officer and 13 enlisted men; total 15.

I am,a very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES J. POWERS,

Colonel 108th New York Volunteers.

Numbers 56. Report of Brigadier General Joshua T. Owen, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS,October 18, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 14th ins ant I started with my command from Auburn, at daydawn, on the road to Catlett's Station. Immediately after crossing Kettle Run I was attacked by cavalry and artillery in what appeared to be strong force. I had already deployed to the right and left of my column, in accordance with orders from division headquarters.

The advance guard, being deployed as skirmishers, were unable to cope successfully with the enemy and began to fall back, when I re-enforced them with the One hundred and twenty-sixth Regiment New York Volunteers, under Lieutenant Colonel James M. Bull. I deployed the other regiments of my brigade under cover from the fire of the artillery so as to occupy the high ground upon the left of the road, and made preparations to receive the advance of the enemy.

Finding the enemy not disposed to advance, I ordered an advance

