
To-morrow I will move forward to Camden Court-House, where I will be able to co-operate with our troops reported to be at Elizabeth City.

I most respectfully request that fuller instructions be sent me as to my special duties-whether I am at liberty to destroy all the boats on the Pasquotank above Elizabeth City. With no means of crossing this river, nothing can be seen across the lines below the bridge at South Mills, which point I will have properly guarded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. DEWEES ROBERTS,

Captain, 11th Pa. Vol. Cav., Commanding Detachment.

Captain GEORGE H. JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[P. S.]-Any dispatch sent to me, after to-day, will reach me much sooner by the bearer taking the Dismal Swamp Canal road to South Mills, at which point at least a portion of my force will be.

SOUTH MILLS, N. C.,

August 8, 1863-8 p. m.

SIR: I have the honor to report, that yesterday I reached Camden Court-House, across the river from Elizabeth City and 3 miles distant, and, in obedience to your orders, I crossed to that place. I found none of our troops there, although a gunboat was there, and left on the 6th.

I crossed the river from Camden Court-House in a boat with 8 men, and for the purpose of ascertaining all about it, I left my boat and went up into the town. Here I surrounded a house, and captured 1 officer and 3 enlisted men. Deeming it prudent to leave immediately, I did so, and scarcely had my boats pushed out when about the opposite shore and landed in a swamp. After remaining all night in this swamp, I succeeded in getting to Camden Court-House this morning with my prisoners. I marched from there to this point this afternoon.

From all I can learn, there seems to be four companies of guerrillas in this vicinity: one company in Camden county; one in Pasquotank, with headquarters in a swamp near Elizabeth City; one in Perquimans, and the fourth near Edenton. They seem, or profess, to have regular organizations, and belong to the Sixty-sixth North Carolina Regiment.

The blockade running seems to be done principally near Elizabeth City, where numbers of boats are concealed, and, at this point, over the bridge, and thence through the turnpike.

I have captured 3 men, "blockade runners," and will send them, together with the prisoners, to the provost-marshal at Norfolk to-morrow.

I am, &amp;c., your obedient servant,

W. DEWEES ROBERTS,

Captain, 11th Pa. Vol. Cav., Commanding Detachment.

Captain GEORGE H. JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

