
[CHAP. XLI.

of the whole brigade upon the enemy's position. The enemy gave way precipitately, leaving some 28 prisoners and 7 horses in our hands. Among the prisoners was Colonel Ruffin, of the First North Carolina Cavalry, mortally wounded. Among the enemy's killed was Colonel Thompson [?], also of the First North Carolina. The enemy's loss is not known, but must have been severe. In this action Lieutenant-Colonel Bull acted with great gallantry, and his command, officers and men, deserve praise for their successful advance upon the enemy. I regret to say that my own loss was severe, numbering 7 killed and 17 wounded.

After the repulse of the enemy I moved by the flank on Catlett's Station, and, after a short halt, moved on Bristoe Station. Here the enemy appeared in great force, and prepared to dispute our right of way. After my column was unmasked from the woods through which I had been marching, I received orders to march my brigade by the left flank and on the double-quick, and to occupy the deep cut on the railroad. This was accomplished under a heavy fire of artillery and infantry, with considerable loss in killed and wounded. I found two brigades of the Second Division on my right already in position, and, subsequently, the Second Brigade, of the Third Division, took position on the left. From this position I opened a very effective fire upon the enemy, and soon forced him to retire from my immediate front. Owing to Captain Arnold's battery being posted in my rear and firing over my men, and my not receiving any orders so to do, I did not move forward to take advantage of the enemy's fight. Some skirmishers were deployed to the front, who took and brought back to our lines four of the enemy's forsaken cannon and a number of prisoners.

I am fortunate in having such good regimental commanders and so many good line officers. Their ardor needs rather to be restrained than excited, and they are lacking only in a full appreciation of the necessity of a strict conformity to, and patient waiting for, orders in battle.

My senior aide-de-camp, Lieutenant M. Coste, was instantly killed in the early part of the action, while in the act of bearing an order to the left of the line, which I had just given him. He was a valuable officer, courteous, industrious, and soldierly in his bearing.

Of my personal staff, I may say that all behaved with their usual coolness and gallantry. Captain R. S. Seabury having advanced to the front with the skirmishers, and superintended the removal of the the guns, Captain Hyde and Lieutenant Huntoon conveyed my orders with great dispatch and correctness.

I am satisfied with the brigade, and believe that it will be equal to any emergency.

My loss in the two engagements on the 14th was as follows: Morning, 7 killed and 17 wounded; afternoon, 12 killed and 74 wounded.*

Inclosed please find the several reports of the regimental commanders, which will explain fully the part taken by them and their commands in the two engagements.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

JOSHUA T. OWEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain GEORGE P. CORTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 249.

---------------

