
Numbers 57. Report of Major Hugo Hildebrandt, Thirty-ninth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-NINTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Bivouac, October 22, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to orders received from brigade headquarters, I

have the honor to make the following report concerning the engagement of October 14, 1863, respecting the part the Thirty-ninth New York Volunteers took:

On morning of that day, after the column had been marching an hour, it met some of the enemy's cavalry, whose purposes, it seemed to me, was to reconnoiter our strength; [especially] that of the corps or column in onward progress. The regiments of this brigade were soon got in position, some of them deploying. The enemy, who had but three pieces of flying artillery, soon disappeared. In the skirmish of that morning my regiment acted but as a soutien. We marched them unmolested forward.

The column reached near Bristoe on the afternoon of the same day (14th). I heard some artillery practice and some small-gun firing toward the left very close. We were marched hastily across a small "Battalions by the left flank, in line of battle with the brigade, the One hundred and twenty-fifth New York Volunteers on my right and the One hundred and eleventh New York Volunteers on my left. The regiment charged forward amid a rather thick shower of bullets, reaching a hollow where a railroad track ran. I halted my regiment, and kept up firing until the enemy in our front disappeared. I left my place as ordered in the evening, when the column resumed its line of march. Officers and men behaved as soldiers.

H. HILDEBRANDT,

Major, Commanding Thirty-ninth New York Volunteers,

Captain R. S. SEABURY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 58. Reports of Colonel Clinton D. MacDougall, One hundred and eleventh New York Infantry.
HDQRS. 111TH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Camp at Mitchell's Ford, Va., October 17, 1863.

CAPTAIN; I have the honor to report that on the night of the 13th instant the One hundred and eleventh Regiment New York Volunteers encamped with the brigade in the woods near Little Auburn, and early on the morning of the 14th instant, with the brigade, under command of Brigadier-General Owen, took up the line of march by the right flank, but had proceeded but a short distance beyond the village when the enemy were discovered on the left of the column on the hills commanding the road. Companies A and H were sent forward as skirmishers, and the regiment deployed in line of battle, on the left of the brigade, on the hill, in front of a battery of the enemy which had opened fire upon us. The enemy were driven back, when the regiment was marched with the brigade to a field on

