
they needed horses to draw them up. The horses were immediately furnished and the guns taken off the field.

The regiment remained in this position until ordered to march with the column.

There were killed, wounded and missing (supposed prisoners) the following officers and men:*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEVIN CRANDELL,

Colonel, Commanding 125th Regiment New York Volunteers.

Captain R. S. SEABURY, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 60. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James M. Bull, One hundred and twenty-sixth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. 126TH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,October 18, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with a general order of this date, emanating from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to report as follows:

Before sunrise on the 14th instant, my regiment left camp near Auburn in the rear of the brigade, and after marching a short distance the enemy opened upon us with musketry and artillery. I was ordered to deploy my regiment as skirmishers, and advance, take, and hold a road, in front of which was planted a battery of the rebels supported by dismounted cavalrymen. I executed this order moving forward under a sharp fire. While moving forward, my right was threatened by cavalry, who retreated under a heavy fire from my men. My regiment was then detached as skirmishers and marched, deployed, in advance of the column until about noon, when it was relieved and took its place in the column.

About 4 p.m., while marching rapidly in column, we were attacked suddenly on the left by the enemy. My regiment was marched under a very heavy fire to the railroad near Bristoe Station and there assisted in repulsing the attack of the enemy, designed to drive us from that position. This attack was repulsed, and in the evening I marched my command with the corps to Centreville, Va., arriving there about 4 a.m.

I do not claim to have captured any guns, although Captain W. Scott Company C, of my regiment, co-operating with Captain R. S. Seabury, assistant adjutant-general claims to have taken and brought in one which had been abandoned by the enemy. This abandonment was undoubtedly; caused by the heavy fire of artillery and musketry with the operations of the flanking movements on the left.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES M. BULL,

Lieutenant-Colonel Commanding Regiment.

Captain R. S. SEABURY, Assistant Adjutant-General.

[P. S.] - My regiment captured 1 adjutant, 1 lieutenant, 6 men, 6 horses, equipments, and a small quantity of small-arms and accou-

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 3 killed, 20 wounded, and 5 missing.

---------------

