
terments. Colonel Ruffin, First North Carolina [Cavalry] Volunteers, was wounded and taken prisoner in the attack on our right on the morning of the 14th instant.

Numbers 61. Report of Captain John G. Hazard, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, commanding Artillery Brigade.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, SECOND CORPS D'ARMEE,Near Warrenton, Va., October 23, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the part sustained by the Artillery Brigade on the 14th instant, in the actions of the corps at Auburn and Bristoe Station, Va.:

On that date the brigade was composed of-

Battery A, First Rhode Island Light Artillery (6 3-inch rifled guns),, Captain W. A. Arnold commanding.

Battery F, First Pennsylvania Artillery (6 3-inch rifled guns), Captain R. Bruce Ricketts commanding.

Battery G, First New York Artillery (6 light 12 [pounder] smooth-bore guns), Captain Nelson Ames commanding.

Light Company I, First U. S. Artillery (4 light 12 [pounder] smooth-bore guns), First Lieutenant F. S. French, commanding.

Battery B, First Rhode Island Light Artillery (4 light 12 [pounder] smooth-bore guns), First Lieutenant T. Fred. Brown commanding.

Making in all five batteries, and numbering 12 3-inch rifled guns, and 14 light 12 [pounder] smooth-bore guns.

The advance of the corps the First Division moving on the road passing through Auburn toward Bristoe Station, was fired into on crossing Cedar Run, a little after daybreak, by a battery of the enemy, in position on an eminence to the east of the road. Rickett's battery, immediately in rear of the division, was placed in position and soon silenced the battery engaged. Scarcely was it silenced, when the enemy's skirmishers appeared in the rear, necessitating a change of front to rear. Arnold's battery and Ames' battery remained with the First Division, at this point. The other batteries of the brigade resumed the march toward Bristoe Station, with the Second and Third Divisions of the corps.

Two hours after the departure of the corps from Auburn, a strong line of the enemy's skirmishers appearing in front of First Division fire was opened upon them by order of Major-General Warren. In about an hour the enemy opened fire from a battery distant about 1,500 yards, on the opposite side of Cedar Run. It was immediately replied to and the fire sustained nearly an hour, with an expenditure of 200 rounds of ammunition. Ames' battery remained unengaged. The artillery at this point being relieved by a section of Martin's horse battery, the batteries resumed the march of the corps with the First Division. In the engagement the loss was extremely slight.

At 3 p.m. the advance of the corps while marching by the flank was met a Bristoe Station by a column of the enemy moving in the same direction. The Second Division immediately secured the southern side of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad as a line of defense, and Brown's battery, temporarily attached to the division, obtaining a most fortunate position, fire with spherical case upon the

20 R R-VOL XXIX, PT I

