
advancing line of the enemy, checking it, and causing it to seek shelter under the crest in the immediate front. Lieutenant Brown was then ordered into position on the eastern side of Broad Run by General Webb, whose division (the Second) was about to make a similar move. After crossing the battery it was seen the division had recrossed the run to its former position. The battery was unable to recross as the road it had just passed over was fully commanded by the enemy, so it moved up the railroad a distance of 200 yards to a position that enfiladed the enemy, and opened fire with good effect.

Every exertion was employed to hasten the batteries on their way to the field, and the arrival of Rickett's and Arnold's batteries was most timely. Ricketts' was immediately placed in position in rear of that first occupied by Brown, while Arnold's took an advantageous position in rear of the First Division. The fire of these batteries upon the charging lines of the infantry was most effective and deadly, and assisted greatly in securing their demoralization. Upon the withdrawal of the infantry of the enemy, the fire of the two batteries was directed upon a rebel battery of six guns that had opened fire in front of the Third Division, and with such accuracy and ardor as to cause the hasty retreat of the rebel gunner, and the capture of five guns of the battery by the prompt advancement of skirmishers from the Second Division. One gun of Captain Ames' battery was placed about 100 yards to the left and of Captain Arnold's battery, upon the line of the railroad and did excellent execution.

About 4 p.m. an attack being anticipated upon the left and rear, two sections of Captain Ames' battery were placed in position facing Cedar Run. French's and Brown's batteries were placed in position on Arnold's right. The sixth gun of Ames' battery was placed upon the left of the first gun of his battery in position on the line of the railroad.

The enemy opened an artillery fire upon our left and front. The fire of Arnold's, French's, and Brown's batteries, and the two guns of Ames' battery were concentrated upon it, and in twenty minutes caused its withdrawal. During this fire the other four guns of Ames' battery opened fire upon two brigades of rebel infantry on the west side of Cedar Run, with good effect. Assistance was rendered by Horse Battery A, Fourth U. S. Artillery, and Martin's horse battery, Sixth New York Artillery.

At dark orders were received from the general commanding to move the brigade, and the two horse batteries, A, Fourth U. S. Artillery, Sixth New York Artillery.

At dark orders were received from the general commanding to move the brigade and the two horse batteries, A, Fourth U. S. Artillery, and Martin's Sixth New York battery, supported by Colonel Miles' brigade, First Division, to Centreville.

During the two engagements of the day the batteries of the brigade sustained the following losses, respectively:

Arnold's battery. - Killed, 1 enlisted man; wounded, 1 officer, 7 enlisted men. Horses: Killed, 2; wounded, 4.

Ricketts' battery. - Wounded, 1 officer, 6 enlisted men. Horses; Killed, 3; wounded, 5.

Ames' battery. - None.

French's battery. - Wounded, 5 enlisted men.

Brown's battery. - Killed, 1 enlisted man; wounded 4, enlisted men. Horses: Killed, 2.

Praise is due to the battery commanders for the cool and able manner in which their commands were fought and the precision of their fire.

