
Notice is respectfully called to the following extract from the report of First Lieutenant Brown, commanding Battery B, First Rhode Island Light Artillery:

Bugler John F. Leach is especially to be mentioned for collecting 13 stragglers and disposing of them as skirmishers on the right flank of the battery on north side of the railroad at the time when the battery was wholly unsupported across the run, without doubt preventing much annoyance from the enemy's skirmishers (who engaged his men), if not the capture of the battery.

I would especially mention First Lieutenant G. L. Dwight, acting assistant, adjutant-general, and First Lieutenant Thomas Farrell, acting aide, for their efficient aid during the day.

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN G. HAZARD,

Captain First Rhode Island Light Artillery, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant Colonel FRANCIS A. WALKER.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 62. Report of Captain R. Bruce Ricketts, First Pennsylvania Light Artillery, commanding Batteries F and G.
HEADQUARTERS BATTERIES F AND G.

October 22, 1863..

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my command in the engagements at Auburn and Bristoe Station, October 14, 1863:

At daybreak on the morning of the 14th of October,while my battery was marching in rear of the First Division, Second Army Corps, the enemy opened fire on us from a battery stationed on a hill near the road leading from Auburn to Bristoe Station. I immediately engaged their battery and soon silenced it. I was then ordered to report to General Hays, commanding Third Division, Second Army Corps, and marched with that division to Bristoe Station where the Second Army Corps was again attacked by the enemy's artillery and infantry. I placed my battery in position,by order of Captain J. G. Hazard, commanding Artillery Brigade, on a hill near the railroad bridge crossing Broad Run, and opened on a column of infantry near the railroad with canister and shrapnel until they broke, when I engaged a battery in my immediate front, which was silenced and five of its guns were captured and brought off by our infantry skirmishers. I expended during both the engagements 633 rounds of ammunition.

The casualties were as follows.*

There were 3 horses killed and 5 wounded.

Lieuts. B. Spence, C. B. Brockway, and C. H. Mitchell fought their sections with great coolness and bravery.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,R. BRUCE RICKETTS,

Captain, First Pennsylvania Artillery.

Lieutenant G. L. DWIGHT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 officer and 6 men wounded.

---------------

