
Numbers 63. Report of Captain William A. Arnold, Battery A, First Rhode Island Light Artillery

HEADQUARTERS BATTERY A.

Camp near Auburn Mills, Va., October 22, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor respectfully to report the operations of my battery, on the 14th instant, to be as follows:

Left camp occupied for the night, a few miles from Auburn Mills,at 3 a.m. Marched toward Auburn, arriving there about daylight. Captain Ricketts' battery was in position firing at the enemy. Took position on his right fronting the same way. Soon after, the mist clearing away, it was found that the enemy was in our rear. I at once by order of Captain Hazard, changed front to rear. Reported to Brigadier-General Caldwell, commanding First Division, by order of Captain Hazard. Remained in that position about two hours, when a strong line of the enemy's skirmishers appeared. Fired upon them by order of Major-General Warren. In about one hour the enemy brought up a battery on the opposite side of Cedar Run and opened fire upon me, distant about 1,500 yards. I at once replied to the fire, which was continued nearly an hour expending about 200 rounds. The position was to be held by me until relieved by a section of Martin's horse battery. The section came up, when I retired from the position with the First Division. After getting on the road sent one section, under Lieutenant Hunt, to report to Colonel Brooke, commanding brigade, by order of General Caldwell, to bring up the rear.

In the engagement 1 officer was slightly wounded. One gun carriage was hit three times and slightly damaged, and the limber-box of one caisson was damaged.

Moved down the road toward Catlett's Station about two hours. Move out and continued the march to Catlett's Station . Halted a short time. Again moved on toward Bristoe Station. Before getting there heard firing ahead. Shortly after was ordered to turn off to the right of the railroad by Lieutenant Haskell of the crops, staff and told to make all haste, as the enemy were in force in our front. After getting through the woods a staff officer of General Meade ordered me to gallop my horses and get into position as soon as possible. Mounted the men and started at a gallop and went up to the railroad. Went into position and opened fire upon a large body of the enemy's infantry. After firing a few rounds, was fired upon by a battery. After a short time the enemy was repulsed, when they ceased firing. Then I ceased firing, limbered up, and retired under the crest of a small hill, which I occupied ready to take the position again if needed. Very soon the enemy again appeared in the same place. Immediately went up and took same position, and opene d on them at short range. After firing a few rounds the axle-tree of the left gun broke. Had it limbered and sent to the rear, thus leaving me but three guns, the two guns that were with the rear guard not having come up. After firing very rapidly a short time, the enemy's guns being silenced, I ceased firing. This engagement was a very spirited one on both sides.

I had 1 man killed (an infantry man attached from the Forty-second

