
New York Volunteers), 2 severely and 3 slightly wounded, and 2 horses killed and 4 wounded.

Again retired under the hill, to repair damages and make ready for another engagement. Was engaged with the enemy three times before dark, changing position twice. Did not meet with any more loss either of men or material. Remained in position last occupied until after dark, when I was ordered by Captain Hazard to join the other batteries of the brigade and move off. Crossed Broad Run, marched to near Centreville, and went into camp. I forgot to say after engaging the enemy the second time my other guns came up, making five guns. I expended 400 rounds.

Officers and men during the day behaved in the most gallant manner, particularly at Auburn in the morning, when the enemy got a perfect range on the battery, but fortunately did not do much harm. I cannot mention individual names without doing injustice to many. The longer I serve with this company, the prouder I feel of it.

Recapitulation: Killed, 1; wounded, 1 officer and 7 privates; total, 8. Horses, killed 2, wounded 4.

Damage to material: On trail of gun carriage slightly damaged; limber box of 1 caisson damaged at Auburn; at Bristoe Station 1 gun carriage axle-tree broken.

Ammunition expended: Schenkl percussion, 200; Hotchkiss percussion, 142; shell,138; case, 120; total, 600 during the day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. ALBERT ARNOLD,

Captain, First Rhode Island Artillery, Commanding Battery A

G. L. DWIGHT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 64. Report of Lieutenant T. Fred. Brown, Battery B, First Rhode Island Light Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS BATTERY B,Camp near Auburn, Va., October 21, 1863

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by Battery B, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, in engagement of 14th October:

Was attached to Second Division, Second Corps, Brigadier General Alexander S. Webb commanding and, at 3 p.m. on the 14th, was moving up to the north side of Alexandria, and Orange Railroad near Bristoe Station, Va., when the enemy's skirmishers suddenly opened upon the battery from the woods on the left; moved forward on a trot, and fortunately was soon enabled to cross to the south side of railroad without loss and join the advance of our column.

General Webb ordered battery into position, with instruction to fire a few rounds at the enemy, who were rapidly advancing in line of battle upon the railroad, from the north side, at a distance of about 600 yards. General Webb further ordered the battery to cross Broad Run as soon as a similar movement on the part of his division began to take place.

Opened fire with spherical case with such effect as to cause the

