
enemy to conceal himself. Observing that the movement of our troops across Broad Run had commenced, proceeded to follow as ordered. From the nature of the ground was obliged to proceed some distance down the run. After crossing, it was seen that our troops had all recrossed. The battery was unable to recross as the road it had just passed over was fully commanded by the enemy, so moved alone up the railroad about 200 yards to a commanding position that enfiladed the enemy, and immediately opened fire, with good effect. A battery of four light 12-pounder guns and one rifled gun replied, and maintained a well-directed fire for two hours that was fully responded to. Was ordered to recross Broad Run, join division, go into park, and await orders. Was again placed in position, and expended about 20 rounds. Withdrew at dark and moved with corps across Bull Run and encamped.

Sustained a loss during engagement of 1 man killed and 4 wounded, 2 horses killed and 7 wounded. Expended about 170 rounds of ammunition.

Bugler John F. Leach is especially to be mentioned for collecting 13 stragglers and disposing of them as skirmishers on the right flank of the battery, on the north side of the railroad, at the time when the battery was wholly unsupported across the run, without doubt preventing much annoyance from the enemy's skirmishers (who engaged his men), if not the capture of the battery.

Privates McMeekin and Kelley, who are under sentence of courtmartial, but which sentence has not yet been carried out, owing to constant movements of the battery, distinguished themselves by their exhibition of bravery.

I remain, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. FRED BROWN,

First Lieutenant, 1st R. I. Light Arty., Commanding Battery B.

Captain JOHN G. HAZARD,

Commanding Artillery Brigade.

Numbers 65. Report of Major General David B. Birney, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, Third Army Corps.

HDQRS. BIRNEY'S DIVISION, THIRD CORPS CAMP.

November 3, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor, in obedience to circular of the 2nd instant,to make the following report of the movements of my division during the movement from Culpeper to this time:

The Sixth Corps moved from my right on the Sperryville turnpike on the 3rd of October, and I made proper dispositions to protect my right flank by changing the camp of the Third Brigade, Colonel De Trobriand, and fronting it to Stone-House Mountain. My division remained on the extreme right until the 10th of October when by the command of Major-General French, I formed line of battle, connecting on my left with Carr's division and on the right with the Second Corps, in a position a mile nearer Culpeper than my previous camp. My division remained in this position until the next morning, October 11, when under orders from Major-General French, I prepared to bring up the rear of corps in its march to Freeman's Ford,

