
via Welford's Ford, on the Aestham River. By the same orders the quartermaster's and supply train had been sent to the rear on the 10th instant and on this day the ambulances and ammunition train led the column, under guard of a brigade from Carr's (Third) division. General French ordered me to send a regiment about a mile up the Sperryville turnpike, to remain, until the column had retired and the to rejoin. Under this order the Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania, Lieutenant-Colonel Biles, from Ward's (Second) brigade, was detached, performed the duty, and overtook the column at the brick meeting house.

During the march the cavalry of the enemy hung upon and threatened the left flank of the column and at one time made an attack upon my flankers forcing me to form a brigade in line of battle and place a battery in position. The First U. S. Sharpshooters, Lieutenant-Colonel Trepp, were deployed as skirmishers, and speedily drove away the enemy.

Near Welford's house, I saw the attack on Pleasonton's cavalry near Brandy Station and, forming Ward's brigade in line of battle, made a demonstration of force and artillery to protect Pleasonton's right, and sending Captain J. B. Fassitt aide-de-camp, to Major-General Pleasonton, offered him any assistance that he might desire. He declined the assistance. To this offer I obtained the willing consent of General French. At Welford's I received orders to detach a regiment to take up and escort the pontoon bridge, which was done. My division crossed Freeman's Ford at midnight and bivouacked near Freeman's house.

At 5 a.m. next morning (October 12), I advanced toward Sulphur Springs under orders received from corps headquarters the night previous to occupy the position held by my command previous to the advance on Culpeper Court-House. After advancing 2 miles I received orders from corps headquarters ordering me to mass my division in front of Freeman's Ford, and to picket my front, connecting with Gregg's cavalry at Fant's on the right and with Carr's division on my left. This was done. About 2 o'clock p.m. I received, through corps headquarters a copy of a dispatch from army headquarters, ordering troops to be in readiness to recross the river with the army.

At about 9 p.m. of same day, the cavalry pickets at Fox's Ford came to my bivouac,reporting that the enemy had driven Gregg from Fox's Ford, and the bridge and ford at Sulphur Springs, and were crossing with all arms at both places. I immediately formed Ward's brigade to protect my right flank,and sent Captain Briscoe, aide-de-camp, to establish pickets on flank and rear. I sent a staff officer to report the facts to Major-General French, and received from him orders to protect my right flank and rear. This was done, and, until 4 o'clock in the morning, the crossing of wagons and artillery at Fox's Ford was distinctly heard through my camp.

At 5 a.m. of the 13th of October, under orders from corps headquarters, I marched my division, via Denning's house, following Carr's division to Three-Mile Station, on the Warrenton Branch Railroad. At this place the corps was placed in position for battle, and my division on the right. Pickets were thrown to the front, but no enemy discovered. At about 2 p.m. I received an order from crops headquarters to move, preceding with my division the column. I moved promptly, and was joined at the head of the column by Major-General and escort. Before reaching

