
the woods immediately in front of the bridge at Auburn the dismounted cavalry of the enemy, said to be the brigades of Wickh am and Jones, poured a volley into the head of the column and advanced guard. The section of Sleeper's battery, following advanced guard, was opened upon from the woods. The First Brigade (Collis') and part of the Third Brigade (De Trobriand's) were formed on right and left of road, and a charge was made upon the woods, and the force speedily dislodged. By command of General French, I immediately advanced took possession of the heights on which the enemy had their battery, and leaving upon it a section of battery and a regiment of infantry (Third Michigan) as supported, proceeded to Greenwich reaching that place about 8 p.m. and bivouacking for the night.

On the 14th, my division, preceding corps column, moved at fifteen minutes before 7 a.m., reaching Welford's at 9 a.m., where, under the command of Major-General French, I massed the division on the heights south of the ford. The halt did not exceed half an hour. After crossing the ford, the division was again massed on the north side for one hour, to allow the column to close up. The march was resumed, via Manassas Junction, crossing Bull Run at Mitchell's Ford, and a position was assigned to me by one of the corps staff on the left of the First Corps. In passing fifteen minutes befor e 7 a.m., reaching Welford's at 9 a.m., where, under the command of Major-General French, I massed the division on the heights south of the ford. The halt did not exceed half an hour. After crossing the ford, the division was again massed on the north side for one hour, to allow the column to close up. The march was resumed, via Manassas Junction, crossing Bull Run at Mitchell's Ford, and a position was assigned to me by one of the corps staff on the left of the First Corps. In passing Manassas, I received an order from Major Norvell, assistant Adjutant-general,to send a section of artillery and a regiment of infantry to Manassas Junction. This was done, and the detachment was relieved by the division following. Under orders from Major-General French, the third brigade (De Trobriand) was massed near Mitchell's Ford until late in the evening,when it rejoined the division. On the 15th of October, under orders from corps headquarters to hold and cover Fairfax Station, I moved to that place, and remained on the height south of the station until the 19th of October, when, in obedience to orders from corps headquarters, the division marched via Union Mills to near Bristoe Station.

On the 20th of October, in obedience to orders, I preceded the corps, with my division in double column, infantry, artillery, and teams in the center, toward Gainesville. After fording Broad Run (much swollen by the rain) the major-general commanding corps showed me an order from the major-general commanding army to change his route to Greenwich. Under his order I recrossed the run, countermarching and moved to Greenwich, bivouacking for the night on Fitzhugh's farm, about 2 1/2 miles southwest of Greenwich.

On the 21st of October marched via Auburn to Catlett's and encamped on the south side of the railroad fronting it. The division remained in this camp until the night of the 26th of October, when, under orders from Major Hayman, of corps staff, I proceeded, with it to height at Foulk's and took position, my right at Foulk's and my left at Dr. King's on the Brentsville road. I placed Randolph's battery light twelves, at Hazen's house to cover the ford, and the First New Hampshire Battery, rifled, at Foulk's.

On the morning of the 29th of October, received orders to move and take position on the heights of Licking Creek, with my right resting at or near the railroad. I have been in this camp since that date.

The admirable marching of the division, and its cheerful endurance of the fatigues incident to the movements and the fording of streams, were never more manifest.

