
to the Tenth Massachusetts Battery, Captain Sleeper, for their gallantry in repulsing the enemy's attack on the head of the column at Auburn, and to Colonel Collis for his skill and promptitude in making the dispositions ordered."

By command of Major-General Birney:

F. BIRNEY,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 66. Reports of Brigadier General Henry Prince, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, including operations October 7-30.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, THIRD ARMY CORPS,November 4, 1863

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report, in compliance with circular dated Third Army Corps. November 2:

Sunday, October 11. - Orders to march at daybreak were received

Sperryville pike at Pendleton's into a body-road leading to Welford's Ford of Hazel River. Marched this route for 2 miles in rear of all the trains and the Third Division, and found the First Division in line of battle on the left of the road, facing from it. There skirmishers were thrown out, and occasionally some scattered shots along the front were exchanged with those of the enemy. The division halted here for a short time. Reaching the ford, the division was massed, in accordance with verbal orders received from the major-general commanding the corps to cover the trains while crossing Hazel River. The division crossed on the pontoon bridge of sic boats shortly after dark, and followed the ridge road leading to Freeman's Ford, on the Hedgeman River. The division crossed Freeman's Ford, by wading, about, 5 p.m., in rear of the trains, and by orders from headquarters took position on the right of General Carr. Orders were received at a quarter before 7 a.m., to send out a brigade at once to picket the river from Freeman's Ford to Beverly Ford. The First Brigade was detailed for this duty.

Monday, October 12., - Received orders to move and take position on the left of the Third Division, also moving, and the right of the Fifth Corps and for the troops to be massed so as not to be exposed to artillery fire from the south side of the river. Battery D, First New York, Captain Winslow, reported for duty with the division. An order received to establish my headquarters at the house that the headquarters Second Brigade, Fifth Corps, had occupied. Not knowing where it was, waited further orders. The division subsequently moved to the left, camping about noon on Mrs. Moore's farm guided by a staff officer from the corps headquarters, and bivouacked near the road leading to Beverly Ford, with orders to conceal camp and be ready for a sudden movement.

A communication was received from the corps that there would be an advance of the army for the purpose of reoccupying Brandy Station. Division commanders were required to hold their commands in readiness at short notice, as a general battle might take place; also received orders for an inspection of arms and ammunition.

