
Tuesday, October 13. - By some mistake the order of march for this day, from corps headquarters, was not received, excepting that the division was to bring up the rear of the corps. At 7 a.m., on sending to corps headquarters, I learned it had gone, and I obtained my orders to move from General Meade and direction where to march to. At the same time Major Norvell brought them from corps headquarters. The column then moved immediately.

The division was accompanied by Captain Robinson's battery, Fourth Maine. The pickets from Beverly and Freeman's Fords were withdrawn at the time the column moved out. The division marched in order of battle, near Fayetteville overtaking the column of the Second Corps, filing into our road. They permitted us to pass them. The column was much delayed by the perplexity of the roads, having no guide. Reached Three-Mile Station, on the Warrenton Branch Railroad, about 3 p.m., and formed line of battle on the left of the Third Division, facing Warrenton, by orders from corps headquarters. Orders were immediately received to continue the march to Greenwich the column moving in the same order. The corps train kept the division back so that it was about 3 a.m. when we arrived at Greenwich where we went into bivouac on the right of the First Division.

Wednesday, October 14. - Ordered to resume the march at 4 a.m., and to follow the First Division, which had then the advance of the corps. The division moved off at once, the artillery, ambulances, and ammunition train marching in the road the troops on either side. Marching in direction of Bristoe, the columns crossed Broad Run above the railroad bridge and massed for half an hour on the other side at noon. From here the division moved over Manassas Plains to the railroad station, where it took the Centreville road, fording Bull run at about 3 p.m., and was ordered to go into camp. The division took up position with the left resting near the run, and the right extending obliquely toward Centreville. This position was held until dark, when the division was ordered to the high ground between Centreville and Bull Run, when it bivouacked for the night on the left of the First Division.

Thursday, October 15. - Orders were received to march after the First Division and proceed to Union Mills. The division immediately moved out with two batteries, Fourth Maine and Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery, but, being intercepted by the First Division, massed for it to pass, when it gained its road, and arrived from corps headquarters to detach a brigade and a section of Napoleon guns to McLean's Ford. I detailed the Third Brigade, commanded by Brigadier General G. Mott, U. S. Volunteers, and a section from Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery. Through the assistance of Lieutenant Colonel R. L. Bodine, Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, of my division, who was acquainted with the region, having been previously stationed at Union Mills, I reconnoitered the route for General Mott in advance, and detached him on the march. At half-past 2 General Mott was attacked by a column of cavalry and artillery, during which the former charged him several times to the brink of the stream. A spirited contest continued for about two hours. While it was progressing General Mott sent to these headquarters for re-enforcements, and Major-General French being present, the application was referred to him. By his orders, first a section and afterward the whole of Robinson's battery was sent to his support, and also a regiment of the

