
Third Division of the Third Corps. The fight ended by a complete repulse of the enemy, with considerable loss in men and damage of artillery. The interesting report of General Mott, herewith transmitted, mentions particularly the regiments commanded by Colonel Burling and Lieutenant-Colonel Gilkyson. The action of the Napoleons was of little use, opposed to the enemy's rifled guns. Captain O'Neil W. Robinson, Fourth Maine Battery, rendered excellent service. The First and Second Brigades were massed at Union Mills.

Friday, October 16. - The Third Brigade was relieved by a detail from the Third Division, and it rejoined the division.

Saturday, October 17. - The division was paraded to receive Major-General Sickles. An inspection by brigade commanders was ordered from corps headquarters at 11 a.m., deficiencies of ammunition and provisions to be made up at once. The report of the actual amount of subsistence on hand was also called for and rendered.

Sunday, October 18. - The Twenty-sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers was ordered from corps headquarters to report to Colonel Keifer, Second Brigade, third Division, Third Corps, general office. of the day, for the purpose of picketing Yates' Ford on Bull Run, the cavalry picket having been withdrawn, and the troops were ordered to be under arms at 4 a.m,; reveille to be sounded at 3 a.m.

Monday, October 19. - Orders were received to march at daylight toward Bristoe Station and form a line of battle. The division was to cross Bull Run on the railroad bridge, and then take such position as to cover the crossing of artillery and trains. The division went into bivouac for the night on the south side of Canon Run and east of the railroad. The First Brigade deployed and masked in the woods, the other two massed in rear.

Tuesday, October 20. - Orders were received to march at 6 a.m. toward Buckland Mills. The division brought up the rear of the corps. The movement by double column of infantry, with artillery between, and the command well closed up and in hand for any emergency. Order of march as usual, with the above exception. About noon the direction of march was changed toward Greenwich, which place the column passed at 5 p.m. Went into bivouac about a mile from Greenwich toward Auburn.

Wednesday, October 21. - The march was resumed at 7 a.m. for the vicinity of Catlett's, following in rear of the Third Division which moved at 6 a.m. Crossed Cedar Run, and went into bivouac east of the railroad on the high grounds to the left, under guidance of a staff officer from corps headquarters.

Thursday, October 22. - A regiment (Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Bodine) was ordered to report to Captain Tallman, assistant quartermaster First Division, upon the railroad about 1 mile from Catlett's Station toward Bristoe, at 2 p.m., for escort to a corps wagon train. Division commanders were requested to furnish without delay tracings of the positions of their respective commands, showing the line of pickets and direction of their front.

Friday, October 23. - A detail was called for and made of 600 men, with seven day's rations, with the proper number of officers, in charge of Major Hugo, First Excelsior, to report for fatigue duty on the railroad to Colonel Clark, engineer officer at Catlett's Station, at 8 a.m. A communication from headquarters of the army, reporting

