
that the enemy were in some force at Rappahannock Station, was received, with an order from headquarters of the corps to hold the division well in hand, prepared for any emergency that might arise. Saturday, October 24. - Orders were received to be in readiness to support a brigade of the Third Division advancing to Bealeton, should the division be called on for re-enforcements.

Sunday, October 25. - A dispatch was received at 5.20 p.m. from headquarters of the corps, dated headquarters of the army, stating that the movement of the enemy to Kelly's Ford, &amp;c., might mean an intention on his part to advance by the railroad through Bristersburg, crossing Cedar Run at Weaverville. Orders were received to change the position of the division in such a manner as to face a line parallel to and near the railroad.

Monday, October 26. - The division was ordered across to the north side of Cedar Run on the west side of the railroad; wagon trains were ordered to be moved at once (8 p.m.), and parked on the north and west side of the railroad, so that they should not interfere with the movement on the First Corps up on the south and east side of the railroad during the night.

At an early hour in the morning of the 27th, the division was ordered by the major-general commanding the corps to be on the alert, and ready at a moment's notice for any emergency. In the afternoon the order was changed and the troops were permitted to rest, information having been received that the cause for keeping them under arms had been removed. They were required, however, to be kept in hand and prepared for any immediate emergency. A detail of 600 men and the proper number of officers was ordered from the headquarters Third Corps for picket duty, to be performed in accordance with instructions heretofore received from headquarters of the army.

October 28. - An additional detail of 600 men, with the proper number of officers, was ordered from corps headquarters to report, with three days' rations, to Colonel Clark, engineer of construction at Knoxville, at 8 a.m.

October 29. - Information having been received that the army had retired, the picket was reduced one half.

October 30. - The division marched from Catlett's to the heights of Licking Run, bringing up the rear of the column of the corps, trains and reserve artillery being in rear of the troops. Bivouacked on the left of the Third Division, the First Brigade deployed in line of battle. Third Brigade massed in rear, and the Second Brigade was ordered to remain in rear for the purpose of guarding Cedar Run, the railroad bridge, &c.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY PRINCE,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers

Lieutenant Colonel O. H. HART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, THIRD CORPS,Brandy Station, Va., November 13, 1863.

COLONEL: I beg leave to amend my report of operations dated the 4th instant by inserting the following paragraphs at the end of the account of Thursday, the 15th, in continuation of that account,

