
and in the place of the words, "The First and Second Brigades were massed at Union Mills," viz:

"The habitual gallantry and good conduct of the Jersey brigade, alike creditable to officers and men, was again rendered conspicuous by this neat and important affair. The promptness of the arrangements of General Mott, no less than their excellence, points unmistakably to the ability and experience of this officer. The First and Second Brigades were massed at Union Mills. Simultaneously with the attack on McLean's Ford, the picket over the railroad bridge from Union Mills was assailed by dismounted cavalry in full view of my headquarters. I caused it to be re-enforced and to advance, which forced the enemy back in that quarter."

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY PRINCE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel O. H. HART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, THIRD CORPS,October 26, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report in conformity with the order contained in your letter dated October 23, 1863, a copy of which is subjoined, the manner in which I carried out the instructions personally handed to me by the major-general commanding Third Army Corps, dated at you office, October 7, 1863, a copy of which is subjoined.

The conversation with the corps commander, on receiving the instructions amounted to this: I am to ascertain the strength of the enemy? "Yes." If an engagement is necessary, am I to expect support? "Certainly." Is the cavalry already in front? "Yes." How am I to communicate with them? "Your instructions are to go to James City." Who commands there? "I do not know." I believe I understand the matter fully.

The hour of this and of receiving these instructions was about 9 p.m. of the 7th instant. It was very dark. As early in the morning of the 8th as the road could be followed, I left my camp near Pendleton's and passed through Culpeper Court-House and I arrived at James City about 10 a.m. I halted a mile or two off, and sent a staff officer to communicate with the cavalry. He found Brigadier-General Kilpatrick in command, and told him from me that I was on the ground to co-operate with him, and would be glad to receive any information in his possession.

Meantime I reconnoitered for a position for my troops and marched them to it, I then went to General Kilpatrick, and desired that he would recommend any position which his acquaintance with the country and his operations indicated for my force. He told me that his pickets were all along Robertson's River up to Criglersville; that no enemy could pass that river on that account; that his cavalry had two engagements that morning at two different fords on that river, and had repulsed the enemy with ease, driving him back across the fords again. I reconnoitered the position he recommended to me, guided by one of his staff officers. I finally chose, however, the one selected by myself, in which my troops already were halted. It was

