
a strong as well as bold position, well seated with respect to its object, but not with reference to communication with the army. In the afternoon Lieutenant Whittaker brought the message from General Kilpatrick that as I had been so kind as to offer to support him freely, he proposed to send a regiment across the river in the morning to see what was doing there, and wished a regiment of infantry to go in support to the cross-roads, only 2 miles beyond James City and 3 1/2 miles this side of the ford. I replied that I would put under his charge and order a small regiment for this purpose, to receive its orders from and be posted by him, he being responsible for its safety. The One hundred and twentieth Regiment of New York Volunteers forthwith marched off, guided by Lieutenant Whittaker. Nothing further or interest occurred this day.

On the 9th, after sending twice to General Kilpatrick to obtain information, and being informed that he had none, I received the message from him that he would immediately communicate anything concerning operations which should henceforth come to his knowledge and that he intended to visit my camp. During this day I reconnoitered my position in all directions. Did not see or hear further from General Kilpatrick.

On the 10th, between 8 and 9 a.m., an officer of General Kilpatrick's staff informed me that the enemy had crossed Robertson's River, and was advancing in three columns. I formed my troops to meet a dash of cavalry, preceded by skirmishers, and in readiness for its appearance anywhere. At the same time I sent the Sixteenth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers (Colonel Merriam) to support the One hundred and twentieth Regiment New York Volunteers. The former had not marched a mile before the cavalry announced that the enemy had forced the position of the One hundred and twentieth, and I then ordered the Sixteenth back into line. A very emphatic message came repeatedly from General Kilpatrick for me to double-quick to him two regiments and a section of artillery, which I declined doing. He then courteously offered, through Lieutenant Whittaker, to assume the entire command if I would acquiesce. These facts, and the coming in of the cavalry pickets suggesting that the troops were all to be assembled soon, indicated to me that I ought to assume command myself, and I did so.

In doing so I notified General Kilpatrick that the plan would be to defend the side of the stream we were both upon; that I would now send him Colonel Burling, in command of two regiments and a section of artillery, to which the remainder of the One hundred and twentieth New York now in from the front, would be added, and I wished him to defend his position. This was between 9 and 10 a.m.

A wide, deep hollow separated us from James City, in which was a mill stream not passable for cavalry or artillery, save on the two roads to James City leading from my position and his. The usual route of communication between the two positions was via James City on these two roads. There was but one other for wheels, which was via Brown's Store. A road to Madison Court-House went from my [my division's] left, another from my [its] center, and another from my [its] right communicated with all the roads from Madison Court-House northerly.

The events which occurred now were the announcement that Thoroughfare Mountain was a yielded by our signal corps to that of the enemy. This was quite a change as it deprived us of further

