
Numbers 4.-Colonel William L. Jackson, Nineteenth Virginia Cavalry, commanding brigade, of operations August 21-29.

Numbers 5.-Colonel George S. Patton, Twenty-second Virginia Infantry, commanding brigade.

Numbers 6.-Colonel James M. Corns, Eighth Virginia Cavalry.

Numbers 7.-Major R. Augustus Bailey, Twenty-second Virginia Infantry.

Numbers 8.-Lieutenant Colonel Clarence Derrick, Twenty-third Virginia Infantry Battalion.

Numbers 9.-Lieutenant Colonel George M. Edgar, Twenty-sixth Virginia Infantry Battalion.

Numbers 10.-Colonel William H. Browne, Forty-fifth Virginia Infantry.

Numbers 11.-Major William McLaughlin, C. S. Artillery.

Numbers 12.-Captain George B. Chapman, C. S. Artillery.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General William W. Averell, U. S. Army, commanding expedition, of operations August 5-31.

HUTTONSVILLE, VA.,

August 30, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the safe return of my command to this place after an expedition through the counties of Hardy, Pendleton, Highland, Bath, Greenbrier, and Pocahontas. We drove General Jackson out of Pocahontas and over the Warm Springs Mountain in a series of skirmishes, destroyed their saltpeter works; burned Camp Northwest, and a large amount of arms, equipments, and stores; fought a severe engagement, with a superior force under command of Major General Samuel Jones and Colonel Patton, at Rocky Gap, near White Sulphur Springs.

The battle lasted during two days. We drove the enemy from his first position, but the want of ammunition, and the arrival on the second day of three regiments to re-enforce the enemy from the direction whence the co-operation of General Scammon had been promised, decided me to withdraw. My command was withdrawn in good order, with the loss of only 2 men during the operation.

Our loss in the battle is probably over 100 officers and men killed and wounded, among whom are Captain Paul Baron von Koening, aide-de-camp, killed while leading an assault upon the enemy's right, and Major McNally, Second [West] Virginia, and Captain Ewing, artillery, dangerously wounded. I have reason to believe the enemy's loss equal to, if not greater, than our own.

One Parrott gun burst the first day, and becoming worthless, was abandoned. Great efforts up to noon to-day have been made by the combined forces of Imboden and Jackson to prevent our return, but without success.

We have brought in over 30 prisoners, including a major and 2 or 3 lieutenants, a large number of cattle, horses, &amp;c. Your aide-de-camp, Lieutenant J. R. Meigs, who accompanied me, is safe.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier-General KELLEY.

