
The enemy's line of operations was from Madison Court-House to that point. There is a vast difference between being at 1,2,3 and being at 4 (vide map*), especially after occupation of James City by the enemy the Position at 4 bases itself on the country then covered by Sedgwick, while the other communicates directly with right and the corps my troops pertained to. I was particularly directed to support myself on the corps (Numbers 2, Numbers 7, and Captain Willian's report). If I had taken the position 4, I should have considered it a veritable retreat. Our body of men there would have no disturbing effect on the enemy's line of operations, because the position was under perfect surveillance from Thoroughfare Station, communicating with all parts of that line. The infantry in the positions 5 and 6, or 5 itself, was more in support of the cavalry than it would have been at 4. It was more salient toward the enemy's line of operations. Finally, to have permitted it to remain all night at its first position (at 1,2,3) where it would be turned before morning by a superior force of infantry according to all reasonable calculation, would have been not to support the cavalry with it.

May I request of the commanding general of the Army of the Potomac and expression of his full satisfaction with my conduct on the occasion to which this report refers, or a statement as to wherein it may yet seem to him to have been deficient?

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY PRINCE,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers,

Lieutenant Colonel O. H. HART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,October 28, 1863

This report is respectfully transmitted, being a reply as to why the Second Division fell back,without waiting to be attacked at all, from James City to about half way to Culpeper Court-House, in non-compliance with instructions to the contrary. It is not satisfactory to me.

WM. H. FRENCH,

Major-General of Volunteers.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,Catlett's, October 23, 1863

Brigadier-General PRINCE,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding the corps to call upon you for a report why you withdrew your division from the support of the cavalry at James City, in violation of you instructions from headquarters Army of the Potomac, communicated to you through these headquarters which you were not to do unless pressed by a superior force of the enemy, while General Kilpatrick reported that he could hold the position without infantry.

The general commanding directs a full and explicit report, for the information of the major-general commanding the Army of the

---------------

*See p. 323.

---------------

