
Potomac in which you will state the distance you fell back, and whether, after receiving the instructions by dispatches from headquarters Army of the Potomac forwarded to you, you reoccupied your original position at James City.

The call for this report has been delayed by the operations of the army.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

O. H. HART

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,October 7, 1863.

Brigadier-General PRINCE,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you will get your division in readiness to move promptly at 4 a.m. to-morrow to James City, and support the cavalry in event of its being attacked. Should your division be forced to retire by superior numbers, it will resume its present position.

Three days' rations will be taken with the command. The service being temporary the trains of the division will remain in their present position.

Information received indicates the probability of a reconnaissance in force by the enemy's cavalry on our right flank to-morrow.

A battery of Napoleon guns will be ordered to report to you to-night.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. M. NORVELL,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 8, [1863]-11 a.m.

Major-General FRENCH,

Commanding Third Corps:

The following dispatch from General Sedgwick is sent for your information, and for that of the division commander at James City;

Brigadier-General Torbert reports that appearances indicate a movement of the enemy to our right; that wagons and artillery were moving in that direction last night. I have sent for further information.

JOHN SEDGWICK,

Major-General.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

SIGNAL STATION, THOROUGHFARE MOUNTAIN,

[October 9, 1863] - 12.30 p.m.

General KILPATRICK;

Enemy is moving in force toward Madison Court-House. Madison and Gordonsville pike is full of wagons and troops. Infantry column near Madison Court-House.

TAYLOR,

Signal Officer.

