
cavalry from General Gregg's division is moving up to Waylandsburg to support me. We have not yet been attacked. Our pickets only have been drawn in. I can only learn that cavalry and artillery are moving against us. When the brigade arrives, I wills end you cavalry or your infantry and artillery. General Davies can then move farther to your right. We occupy a good position, and have easy lines of retreat. I think we had better wait further results.

Very respectfully,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

[Inclosure Numbers 9.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, THIRD CORPS,October 10, 1863

Major NORVELL:

A deserter from the enemy just in to the cavalry, says that A. P. Hill's corps is moving to flank the right of the main position of our army, and that Stuart's entire force is in our front covering the movement. We are falling back quietly.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY PRINCE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S. - There is a picket of 25 cavalry on the Sperryville pike, and they will give you information.

[NOTE:] This P. S. was made by General Kilpatrick, who was present at its writing.

HENRY PRINCE.

[Inclosure Numbers 10.]

OCTOBER 10, 1863-3 p.m.

Major-General FRENCH,

Commanding Third Army Corps:

The major-general commanding is gratified to learn by your dispatch just received that General Prince still maintains his position

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

[NOTE:] This dispatch and the following one were received by me at 5.45 p.m. I was then in position marked 7 on the map, half a mile from Brown's Store; because position 4, and almost 1,2,3

was in view, and it was a fine place for my headquarters.

HENRY PRINCE,

[Inclosure Numbers 11.]

OCTOBER 10, 1863-2.50 p.m.

Major-General FRENCH,

Commanding Third Corps:

Your dispatch containing information brought from General Prince, by Lieutenant Ordway, is received. The major-general commanding is surprised to learn this, as General Kilpatrick reported that he could maintain his position even without infantry, and directs that General Prince hold his ground unless forced by superior numbers to retire.

A. A. HUMPHREYS

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

