HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, THIRD ARMY CORPS,October 26, 1863

Major CHARLES HAMLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAJOR: On the afternoon of October 10, I was sent by General prince, from the vicinity of James City to General Kilpatrick, with dispatch which had just been received from headquarters Third Army Corps, and to inform General Kilpatrick that the general considered the dispatch an order for him to retire. General Kilpatrick sent a note by me in reply, and requested me to say to the general that he thought it would be well to retire as far as Brown's Store. I delivered the note to the general on my return, and complied with General Kilpatrick's request, and also informed him that Colonel Burling had received orders to retire. He immediately ordered me to countermand those orders, and to see that Colonel Burling remained in the same position, which I did.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE S. RUSSELL,

Captain, and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

Numbers 67. Report of Captain Abram L. Lockwood, One hundred and twentieth New York Infantry, of skirmish at James City.
HEADQUARTERS 120TH NEW YORK STATE VOLUNTEERS,October 13, 1863.

CAPTAINS: I have the honor to submit the following report in regard to my regiment from Thursday, the 8th instant, when it left the brigade, until Sunday, 3 a.m., the 11th instant, when it returned:

Upon the arrival of our division to within about three-fourths of a mile from James City, in the afternoon of Thursday, the 8th instant, I was ordered by Colonel Brewster, commanding Excelsior Brigade, to report with my regiment to General Kilpatrick. I marched the regiment to James City, and was there met by Lieutenant Whittaker, of General Kilpatrick's staff, who conducted me to a position between 4 or 5 miles distant from James City on the road leading to Russell's Ford, on Robertson's River. About 200 yards in my rear was stationed about two companies of cavalry, and a cavalry picket in my front at the ford. My instructions were that I was to support the cavalry in case of an attack by the enemy.

On Friday afternoon, I was informed by Lieutenant Whittaker that the enemy had appeared in large force on the other side of the river and that I must be on the alert. He informed me that in case the enemy crossed in force information would immediately be given to the cavalry, and before the enemy could be upon me a cavalry force would be up to my assistance.

About daylight on Saturday, the 10th instant, a lieutenant of cavalry notified me that Stuart's cavalry had crossed the river in large force and were advancing. I immediately made such disposition of my command as I considered best to check the advance of the enemy. The cavalry pickets were soon driven, in the enemy advanced

