
upon me in heavy force, attacking on both flanks and in my front. No support coming to my assistance, I was forced to order my regiment to fall back, skirmishing as the only means of preventing our being captured in a body. We fell back, keeping up a skirmish fire until we emerged from the woods in sight of James City, where I got a position behind a fence, and checked the advance of the enemy. From here I sent an orderly to General Prince for instructions, who returned with orders from General Davies (commanding a cavalry brigade) for me to retire immediately. I then reported with my command to General Kilpatrick, who ordered me to the support of a flying battery. After remaining here for about two hours, Colonel Burling, who was in command of two other regiments, ordered me to fall in with his command, and move in position to support a battery that was under his command.

About 3 or 4 o'clock we again got in line, and Colonel Burling conducted us about 3 miles to the rear, and there received orders to move back to the field again. We formed again in line and stacked arms. Had orders from Colonel Burling to be ready to move at daylight. It was now dark. A short time after I had orders to fall in, and we moved to beyond Brown's Store, and formed line in the woods and stacked arms again. About 11 p.m. Colonel Burling ordered me to fall in and move back to join the division at our old camp, which I did and reached the brigade between 2 and 3 o'clock on Sunday morning.

Our regiment numbered 211 when we marched out. Our loss was, 2 assistant surgeons, 1 hospital steward, and 10 sergeants missing; 2 sergeants wounded, 11 corporals missing, 2 corporals wounded, 1 private killed, 5 privates wounded, and 80 privates missing; total, officers and men, 114.

A. L. LOCKWOOD,

Captain, Commanding 120th Regiment N. Y. State Vols.

Captain J. P. FINKELMEIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 68. Reports of Brigadier General Gershom Mott, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of skirmishes at James City and McLean's Ford.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, THIRD CORPS,October 25, 1863.

MAJOR: On the 10th instant near sundown, General Prince requested me to go where the artillery was in position and select a place for the division to bivouac, and to place the troops accordingly, which I did, and then sent for the division to return to the place selected. They did not arrive until after dark. The First Brigade where they remained until about 10 p.m. when an order was received to join the corps at Culpeper.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. MOTT,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Major CHARLES HAMLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

