
of men that I had to detail some of my infantry to hold the horse s and put the drivers to working the guns. There being no officer with the section, Captain J. W. Crawford, aide-de-camp, took command and got one of the guns at work, which did considerable execution. I was informed that the sergeant who was started in command, and ordered to report to me, was wounded on the way. Captain Randolph now reported to me that the balance of Captain Robinson's battery had arrived, which he had posted to my left, and also took the section with him. The men in the rifle-pits had now nearly exhausted their ammunition, and I relieved them with portions of the Fifth and Eighth New Jersey Volunteers, which was successfully done without losing a man, although under a sharp musketry fire.

The action lasted about two hours, when the enemy withdrew with a loss, as I afterward learned, of some 60 killed and wounded, and with a portion of his artillery disabled, the latter showing that Captain Robinson did good service with his battery.

At about 4 p.m. the One hundred and fifty-first New York Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Bow and I relieved them with portions of the Fifth and Eighth New Jersey Volunteers, which was successfully done without losing a man, although under a sharp musketry fire.

The action lasted about two hours, when the enemy withdrew with a loss, as I afterward learned, of some 60 killed and wounded, and with a portion of his artillery disabled, the latter showing that Captain Robinson did good service with his battery.

At about 4 p.m. the One hundred and fifty-first New York Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Bowen consolation of knowing that the numbers that have been lost are nobly accounted for.

Captain T. W. Eayre, assistant adjutant-general, Captain J. V. Crawford, acting aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant T. H. Fisher,, aide-de-camp, rendered me efficient service in carrying out my instructions and merit on this, as on many former occasions, high commendation.

Appended is a list of casualties.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. MOTT,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Major CHARLES HAMLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 69. Report of Colonel George C. Burling, Sixth New Jersey Infantry, of skirmish at James City.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Catlett's Station, Va., October 24, 1863

CAPTAIN; In compliance with orders from the division commander, I submit the following as my report of the operations of Saturday, October 10, near James City, Va.:

I was ordered by the brigade commander, with my own regiment and the One hundred and fifteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers and a section of Clark's battery, to General Kilpatrick's headquarters. I placed the regiments and artillery in position to repel any attack.

---------------

*List (omitted) shows 2 men killed, 1 officer and 23 men wounded, and 3 men missing.

---------------

