
from the enemy, remaining in this position until near 1 p.m., when I was ordered to report to the brigade with my command. I will here state that the One hundred and twentieth New York Volunteers had been assigned to me by General Kilpatrick. Before I had time to rejoin the brigade the order was countermanded. I was ordered by General Kilpatrick to take the post I had just vacated. I did so, and remained until near 4 p.m. when I was ordered by General Kilpatrick to rejoin the brigade and division at Culpeper, Va.* I had marched some 2 miles, where I was overtaken by a staff officer of General Kilpatrick's and ordered back. I again took a position near my former one, and remained until 7 p.m. when I was ordered by General Kilpatrick to report to General Davies on the right. I did so, was assigned a position and remained until 11.30 p.m., when I received orders from General Prince to rejoin the division at Culpeper, Va., which I did near 2 a.m., October 11.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. C. BURLING,

Colonel Sixth New Jersey Volunteers, Commanding

Captain EAYRE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 70. Report of Brigadier General Joseph B. Carr, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, THIRD ARMY CORPS,Near Warrenton Junction, Va., November 3, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with the requirements of circular from headquarters Third Army Corps, dated November 2, 1863, I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of my command from the commencement of the march from Culpeper Court-House, Va., to the present time:

About 10 a.m. on the 10th of October 1863, I received a verbal order from Major-General French, commanding Third Army Corps, to have my division under arms immediately, as it was reported that the enemy were advancing. The troops were immediately formed the in line of battle a short distance in front of the division camp. They remained in that position until about 3 p.m., when the command was moved a short distance to the left and bivouacked for the night.

On the morning of the 11th, the command moved toward the Rappahannock crossing that river at Freeman's Ford about 7 p.m. When the movement began on the morning of the 11th, 1,200 men of the Third Brigade were on picket. The One hundred and sixth New York, which formed a part of the picket were attacked by the enemy's cavalry about 9 a.m., while withdrawing from the picket line. The enemy were quickly repulsed.

---------------

*[NOTE ON ORIGINAL:] This looks as if General Kilpatrick thought at 1 p.m., when I sent him the message that I should retire from my position, that I intended to abandon the support of the cavalry, which was not in my thoughts as is evident from my orders to the artillery and Colonel Burling, and from what I had told General Kilpatrick in connection with the next position; now was it my intention that any orders should be given to Colonel Burling to move. General Kilpatrick must have been very soon reassured. - HENRY PRINCE.

---------------

