
The regiment lost in this affair 1 captain and 2 enlisted men killed, 7 enlisted men wounded, and 18 enlisted men missing.

On the 12th, in compliance with orders from corps headquarters the command was placed in position about midway between Freeman's and Beverly Fords, the First Division being on the right, the Second Division on the left. The division left camp on the morning of the 13th about 5 a.m., taking the advance of the corps, moving on the Fayetteville road. Arrived at the Three-Mile Station, on the Warrenton Junction Railroad, at 11 a.m.; moved again about 4 p.m. reaching Greenwich at 9 p.m.

The march was resumed on the morning of the 14th at 7 a.m., the division this day bringing up the rear, moving on the left of the road parallel with and covering the ammunition and ambulance trains of the corps. At Manassas the First and Second Brigades, with Winslow's and McKnight's batteries of artillery, were halted by General Meade. General Morris, commanding First Brigade, was ordered to hold with those troops the works near Manassas Junction until the arrival of the Fifth Corps at that point. General Morri s received the same order from General French. I crossed Bull Run at Mitchell's Ford with the remainder of my command, consisting of the Third Brigade, Colonel Smith taking position on the north bank of that stream, near the ford, at 2 p.m. General Morris rejoined the command with the First and Second Brigades and the artillery at 8 p.m. having, been relieved by General Ayres' division of the Fifth Corps.

At 8 a.m. on the 15th, I was directed to proceed with my command to Union Mills. Reached that place at 12.30 [p.] m., and was ordered to send a regiment to support General Mott's brigade, Second Division, at McLean's Ford. My command was massed in rear of the Second Division and remained in that position from the 15th until the morning of the 19th.

On the 16th, in obedience to orders from corps headquarters three regiments of Third Brigade and one regiment from Second Brigade all under Colonel Smith, commanding Third Brigade, were sent to Wolf Run Shoals, to support the cavalry under General Buford. Colonel Smith returned on the evening of the same day. The command moved from Union Mills early on the 19th, going into camp near Bristoe Station. On the 20th, moved toward Buckland Mills, bivouacking at night about 2 miles west of Greenwich.

On the 21st marched by way of Auburn to Catlett's Station, going into camp at that place on the 21st. Received orders on the 22nd to send a brigade to Bristoe Station to relieve the cavalry. The Second Brigade, Colonel Keifer, was sent there, returning on the 25th. The Third Brigade, Colonel Smith, was ordered to proceed to Bealeton on the 25th, to support the cavalry under Colonel Devin. Colonel Keifer, with the Second Brigade, relieved the Third Briga de on the 28th, and is now on duty at that point. The division moved from camp near Catlett's Station October 5 to its present position near Licking Run, about 2 1/2 miles in front of Warrenton Junction.

I inclose herewith the reports of brigade commanders and list of casualties.*

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. B. CARR,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel O. H. HART, Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Casualties stated in body of report.

---------------

