
Numbers 71. Report of Brigadier General William H. Morris, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., THIRD AMY CORPS,November 3, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In accordance with circular from headquarters Third Division, Third Army Corps, November 3, 1863, I have the honor to make the following report:

My brigade broke camp near Culpeper, Va., at about noon October 10, 1863, advanced about a mile and formed line of battle supporting the rest of the division. At 9 a.m. October 11, it marched on the Sulphur Springs road, crossed the Rappahannock River at Freeman's Ford, and bivouacked near the ford, where it remained until the morning of the 13th. At about 6 a.m. October 13, it marched to Three-Mile Station, where it formed line of battle and remained until 4 p.m. It then marched through Auburn to Greenwich, and there bivouacked for the night.

On the morning of the 14th, the brigade marched at 8 o'clock to Manassas Heights, and I there received orders from General Meade, through Captain Pease, "to take position near the earth-works, and retire as soon as the head of the Fifth Corps came in sight." I also received the same orders from General French. The troops under my command at that time consisted of the First and Second Brigades and Winslow's and McKnight's batteries. We remained in position until Ayres' division, Fifth Corps, formed line of battl e, and I communicated my orders to him in person. he expressed no desire to have my troops remain, and they were therefore withdrawn, by way of Blackburn's Ford, and bivouacked on the neighboring heights.

The next morning, October 15, we marched, by way of Centreville Heights, to Union Mills, where we remained until the following Monday, October 19. At 9 o'clock on the morning of the 19th, the brigade recrossed the river and marched to Bristoe Station where it went into camp and remained until the following morning, when in marched to Kettle Run, and after a short time returned to the railroad, passed through Greenwich, and bivouacked near Auburn. At 6 a.m., October 21, the brigade marched to Catlett's Station, and remained in the vicinity until it accompanied the Third Division to its present encampment, October 29, 1863.

The orders from higher headquarters during the time, relating chiefly to the order of march, the time of starting, &amp;c., do not seem to be of a nature sufficiently remarkable to require any special mention.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. MORRIS,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant J. JOHNSON, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

72.

Report of Colonel J. Warren Keifer, One hundred and tenth Ohio Infantry commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., THIRD ARMY CORPS,Camp near Bealeton Station, Va., November 3, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with circular of this date from division headquarters I have the honor to report the following movements

