
and operations of my command (composed of the One hundred and tenth and One hundred and twenty-second Ohio, Sixth Maryland, and One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry Regiments), from the commencement of the march from Culpeper Court-House to the present time, viz:

On the 10th of October, 1863, my camp (located 2 miles from Culpeper Court-House, on the Sperryville road) was broken up by an order from Brigadier-General Carr, commanding Third Division, Third Army Corps, and the troops of my command took up a position a short distance to the front of my camp, to meet an attack of the enemy should one be made.

On the morning of the 11th, we left our position and marched to the rear and crossed the Rappahannock River about 11 p.m. at Freeman's Ford.

On the evening of the 12th, the One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry was detailed as train guard to the corps ammunition and ambulances trains, and did not rejoin the brigade until October 22, 1863.

On the 13th, my brigade was ordered to take the advance of the corps, and march upon the road leading to Three-Mile Station, on the Warrenton Branch Railroad. Captain Winslow's battery, first New York Artillery, reported to me and was with my brigade on its march to Three-Mile Station. Flankers were thrown out as well as an advance guard kept well to the front. My brigade arrived at Three-Mile Station, without incident, about 12 m. During a temporary halt at this place the Ohio troops voted. About 3 p.m. the brigade moved in advance of the division for Greenwich arriving at that place about 9 p.m. The head of the column of the First Division was engaged near Auburn. My brigade was ordered forward to take part, but arrived after the enemy were retreating. During this day's march, my brigade was under the immediate direction and was accompanied by Brigadier-General Carr.

On the 14th instant I was ordered, with my brigade, to form the rear guard of the Third Corps. Captain McKnight, Twelfth New York Battery, reported to me to accompany the rear guard. I received verbal instructions from Brigadier-General Carr to cover the rear with a good rear guard, avoid bringing on a general engagement, and as far as possible baffle the enemy in their endeavors to delay the main column. The corps arrived at Bristoe Station about 12 m. The enemy, with a small force of cavalry and a large body of infantry, followed closely, but did not attack. They succeeded in capturing few if any stragglers from the Third Corps. After a short halt at Bristoe Station the Third Corps moved by the way of Manassas Heights toward Centreville. At Manassas Heights I received an order from a staff officer of the general commanding to take position and hold the heights of Manassas until the arrival of the Fifth Army Corps. Brigadier General W. H. Morris, commanding First Brigade, also took position upon the heights at Manassas. Upon the arrival of the Fifth Army Corps I marched my brigade across Bull Run at Blackburn's Ford. Under the direction of the general commanding division, I took up a position with my command for the night, covering, with the other troops of the Third Division, Mitchell's Ford. On the 14th, the division marched to Union Mills via Centreville. The troops remained and the troops marched to near Bristoe Station. On the 20th day of October, marched again to near Greenwich.

