
On the 21st day of October, marched to Catlett's Station. My brigade remained at the latter-named place until October 23, when in compliance, with an order emanating from corps headquarters, marched to Bristoe Station and relieved Brigadier-General Merritt's cavalry command stationed at that place. My brigade was relieved at Bristoe Station by the First Army Corps October 24, and, in accordance with orders from division headquarters, rejoined the division at Catlett's Station October 25, 1863. The brigade chang ed position under the direction of division commander about 9 p.m. to cover the ford over Cedar Run near Weaverville.

On the 26th, about 9 p.m. the brigade again changed position and formed line of battle, with the left resting on the railroad about 1 1/2 miles north of Catlett's Station.

At 3 p.m. October 28, I received orders from division headquarters to proceed with my brigade to near Bealeton Station and relieve the Third Brigade, Third Division (Colonel Smith's). Marched the same evening, relieved Colonel Smith's brigade, and encamped on the right of the railroad about 2 miles from Bealeton Station, which position the brigade still occupies.

During the time included in this report, nothing of any special importance occurred in the operations of my brigade. My orders were with one exception, received from or through the division commander, in many instances, on the march, from the division commander in person. Considering the amount of rations (eight days') constantly required to be kept on the person of the soldier, and the loss of sleep occasioned by night marching, the troops in my command endured the march very well.

Eight men are yet absent and unaccounted for who straggled upon the march. From the best information, it is thought that they were not captured, but willfully separated themselves from the command and escaped to the rear.

The officers were, with few exceptions, prompt in the discharge of their important duties, and especially was this the case upon the part of regimental commanders.

All were separated from their baggage during the march to the rear, and suffered uncomplainingly the many inconveniences and privations.

Lieutenants Hathaway, Yarger, and Black, members of my staff, rendered all possible assistance on the march in keeping the command together, keeping up stragglers from other commands as well as my own, and aiding in carrying out orders generally.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant, and humble servant.

J. WARREN KEIFER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant J. JOHNSON, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

73.

Report of Colonel Benjamin F. Smith, One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., THIRD ARMY CORPS,November 3, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with circular from division headquarters this morning, I have respectfully to report the movements and opera-

