
tions of this brigade, embodying the purport of all orders and instructions, written and verbal, from headquarters of the division relative to the movements from the commencement of the march from Culpeper to the present time.

While at camp near Culpeper Court-House on the 7th day of October, 1863, 1,200 officers and men of the brigade were detailed for picket, to remain on such duty three days.

On the 10th, the remainder of the brigade, as a part of the division, marched from camp, and formed in order of battle in an open plain about 2 miles west of Culpeper Court-House at 3 p.m. same day, remaining at this place until 8 a.m. of the 11th. The night previous a circular was received from headquarters of the division directing the command to be in readiness for a night march. Large fires were kindled and the men slept but little.

On the morning of the 11th, I was verbally notified that the regiments of the Second Brigade had been ordered to report to me and. With my command not on picket, act as guard to the corps train (consisting of ammunition, pontoon, and ambulance trains of the Third Corps,), which preceded the troops. The order of march of the train and guard was given me by an aide of Major-General French. The train moved by way of Welford's toward the Rappahannock River. No incident of importance occurred on the march, except the accidental blowing up of one of our ammunition wagons. The train crossed the Rappahannock in safety during the night.

On the morning of the 11th, after the departure of the corps from the camp near Culpeper, the pickets referred to above from the brigade were attacked by the enemy; this while endeavoring to join the command. The detail from the One hundred and sixth New York Volunteers (432 strong, under charge of Major A. N. McDonald, commanding regiment) repulsed the attack, but with the loss of Captain James L. Peach and 2 enlisted men killed, 7 enlisted men wounded, and 18 enlisted men captured. The loss of the enemy unknown; several saddles were emptied. Our men left the ground in good order. The picket detail rejoined the brigade about 9 a.m., October 12.

I was then ordered verbally by General French to rejoin the division. Did so, and camped with it the remainder of the day at a point about a mile from the Rappahannock River. By written order from division headquarters, the whole division marched at 4 a.m. on the 13th, and arrived about noon near Three-Mile Station, on branch road from Warrenton Junction. Remained in position nearly two hours. Thence marched to Greenwich, arrived 9 p.m., and bivouacked. Following day the whole division guarded the corps train, crossed Bull Run creek without particular event, took position on its north bank, and remained in line of battle all night.

At 8 a.m., October 15, the whole division marched to Union Mills, via Centreville. The Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers of this brigade was ordered on picket on our arrival at Union Mills. Skirmished slightly with the enemy, holding its position. No casualties. Received written order from corps headquarters, throu gh division headquarters, to support General Buford at crossing of Bull Run, at Wolf Run Shoals. Marched for that purpose with my brigade on the morning of the 16th, meeting General Buford before arriving at the shoals, with his command and trains safely across.

Rejoined the division at last camp same day.

22 R R-VOL XXIX, PT I

