
October 19, marched to Manassas plains and the following day to near Buckland Mills, via Greenwich, and bivouacked at sunset.

October 21, marched to Catlett's Station and encamped.

October 24, this brigade was ordered by circular from corps headquarters, through division headquarters, to proceed immediately to Bealeton to support Colonel Devin's brigade of cavalry. The order to move that evening was verbally countermanded by Major-General French, and the brigade returned to camp after marching about a quarter of a mile.

The next morning the order was renewed, and the brigade marched to within a mile of Bealeton Station, where I took position under cover of woods, after consultation with Colonel Devin.

The following morning, the 26th, the vedettes were driven in by the enemy in force, he having, as nearly as can be ascertained, two brigades of infantry, a brigade of cavalry, and a battery of artillery, and his object being to carry off the railroad iron of the torn-up track between Bealeton and Rappahannock Station. His artillery continued firing at random several hours, injuring none of my command. General Buford arriving on the ground at the commencement, took command of all the troops. The cavalry did all the skirmishing, falling back slowly, with the intention of drawing the enemy on my position in ambush. I received during the firing, a note from General French directing me to be governed by the dispositions of the cavalry. The enemy ceased firing and disappeared at sunset.

October 28, my brigade was relieved by the Second Brigade of the division by a circular from division headquarters, and rejoined near Catlett's Station on the following morning.

October 30, marched to our present camp near Warrenton Junction.

It my be proper for me to state that the 1,200 officers and men of my brigade on picket near Culpeper when the command evacuated were under the command of General Morris, commanding First Brigade and then the general officer of the day.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant, B. F. Smith Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade Lieutenant J. Johnson, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General. Numbers 74 Report of Major Andrew N. Mcdonald, One hundred and sixth New York Infantry. Hdqrs. 106th Regiment New York Volunteers October 12, 1863 General: I have the honor to report that 433 officers and men of the One hundred and sixth Regiment New York Volunteers were detailed for picket on the 8th instant. I occupied the left of the Third Corps picket, where we remained until the morning of the 11th, when I was ordered by Brigadier-General Morris, corps officer of the day, to assemble the regiment, and march to the Culpeper Pike to join the Third Brigade. On arriving about 1 1/2 miles from the pike, I found I was between the enemy's cavalry reserve and skirmishers who were engaged with our cavalry. We were marching by the right flank when I made this discovery. I immediately ordered an advance on their skirmish line, which gave way to our left. In making this advance, which was through a dense underbrush, my regiment got broken up slightly, which the enemy perceived; and, thinking we were in confusion, ordered two squadrons of cavalry, supported by a much larger force, to charge my left flank. I brought the regiment by the right flank on double-quick and into line, faced to the rear. Withholding my fire until they were within 200 yards, I opened on them. They turned and got out of range double-quick. I then joined our cavalry, and retired in good order with them through Culpeper.

My casualties are as follows: Killed, 3; wounded, 10; missing, 25. The enemy's loss in killed and wounded were at least three times or entire loss.

Among the killed was Captain Peach, who was shot through the body while at the head of his company.

Too much credit cannot be given to the line officers and men of my command for their prompt obedience to every order, and their firmness while holding in check a force so much superior to our own.

I have the honor to be very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. N. McDONALD,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Brigadier General W. H. MORRIS,

