
On the 20th, marched in the order, prescribed by circular of July 22, to Greenwich, the reserve batteries encamping at the village, and those attached to divisions, about 2 miles down the road toward Auburn.

On the 21st, marched the reserve batteries by direct road to Catlett's Station, the other batteries going with the troops by way of Auburn, and encamped near the station, having one battery covering bridge over Cedar Run and one covering ford at Weaverville.

On the 25th, moved the reserve batteries to farm of Mr. Stone and near the road from Catlett's to Greenwich in compliance with the order of General French. The position of the batteries attached to divisions was not materially changed.

On the 26th, sent Edgell's rifled battery to General Birney at Foulk's house, Randolph's being near the left of the line covering the ford over Cedar Run at Hazen's house.

On the 30th, the batteries marched in the usual order to Licking Run, those with divisions camping on the south, and the reserve on the north side in positions assigned them by the major-general commanding.

Of the many verbal orders that I have received from the major-general commanding, I can only say that on our march from Culpeper they constantly impressed me with the importance of making a compact and rapid march, correcting errors or irregularities calculated to impede or disarrange the march of the troops, and enjoining care,vigilance, and promptness.

I desire to commend Captain Sleeper and his battery for their good conduct and promptitude in their first engagement. In this skirmish they gave promise of what they can be depended on to perform in affairs of more importance.

The behavior of Captain Robinson and his men at McLean's Ford was all very praiseworthy.

I forward herewith report of Captain Clark of operations under General Prince just previous to our march from Culpeper.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. RANDOLPH,

Captain First R. I. Art., Chief of Art., Third Army Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel O. H. HART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

76.

Report of Captain A. Judson Clark, Battery B, New Jersey Light Artillery, of skirmish at James City.

HDQRS. BATTERY B, NEW JERSEY ARTILLERY,

October 25, 1863

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my battery in the recent movement to James City:

At 10 p.m., October 7, I received an order from Captain Randolph, chief of artillery, Third Corps, to report to General Prince, commanding Second Division, Third Corps, which I did immediately, and was ordered by him to move at 4 a.m. next morning, one section following the leading brigade, and the remainder of the battery following the Second Brigade in column. This I did, and marched to

