
near James City, halting about 12 m. Nothing of moment occurred that day or the day following.

Early on Saturday, October 10, information was received that the enemy were crossing Robertson's River in force, and that our pickets were being driven in. The battery was held in readiness for immediate service, but did not move from its position. At 10 a.m. one section was ordered to report to General Kilpatrick, and was by him placed in position about half a mile west of James City, commanding a road leading from that place. About 4 o'clock I was ordered by General Prince to move [two sections*] the battery back on the road until I came to a good position, where I would await further orders, which I did. The division arrived at the same place about dark. At 9.30 p.m. received orders to go back to Culpeper, and at 11.30 reached that place, reporting to Captain Randolph, chief of artillery. The section which reported to General Kilpatrick# reached Culpeper at 3 a.m.

The battery was not engaged at any time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. JUDSON CLARK

Captain, Commanding Battery B.

Major CHARLES HAMLIN.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

77.

Reports of Major General Alfred Pleasonton, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Corps, including casualties October 19-November 26.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,October 11, 1863-8.30 p.m.

GENERAL: My two division had crossed the river before the order reached them not to cross. The cavalry followed them to the old picket line. They fell back again after General Buford crossed. General Buford will cross early in the morning and establish the picket line.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,October 17, 1863

GENERAL: General Kilpatrick is skirmishing with the enemy this morning on the Gainesville road. The enemy advanced their skirmish line toward Kilpatrick-merely a light line of skirmishers General Kilpatrick will report if he finds any force in front of him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. PLEASONTON.

Major-General.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff.

---------------

*Interlined by me for clearness. Further on, at #, he shows that he had not the detached section with him. - HENRY PRINCE.

---------------

