HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,.

Oak Hill, October 15, 1863-6.25 p.m.

The firing on both sides has ceased. The rear of the train cannot cross for an hour. I think nothing has followed me but cavalry and artillery, and that for the purpose of overhauling the trains. It may have had a support of infantry, but I do not know. I have sent the Third Indiana and a regiment of Gregg's to Wolf Run Shoals, and a strong force of Gregg's to Union Mills. I do not believe the rear of this command can cross before midnight. I will do the utmost to carry out your instructions about picketing. I have sent out scouts by order, but have had no volunteers thus far. The rebels have made nothing off of me yet. My loss is trifling.

J BUFORD,Brigadier-General.

Major-General PLEASONTON.

WOOD YARD FORD, BULL RUN,

October 16, 1863-2 a.m.

Everything is across Bull Run except the pontoon train, which started to cross Wolf Run Shoals, and this may be across for all that I know, but I have heard nothing from it. I will move the First Division, with its artillery, up to Fairview, and complete the picketing as soon as possible. We are all out of forage, and must have it or give up our horses. Nothing followed my rear.

J BUFORD,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General PLEASONTON.

Commanding Cavalry Corps.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,November 14, 1863.

COLONEL: On the morning of October 10, while at Stevensburg, I received the following instructions, viz:
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 9, 1863-7.20 p.m.

Brigadier-General BUFORD,

Commanding First Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: You will force a passage at Germanna Ford as soon as possible, pursue the enemy, and endeavor to uncover Morton's Ford, communicating with General Newton, commanding First Corps, who is instructed to force a passage there also. This being effected, you will continue to follow the enemy, reporting your progress frequently.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON.

Major-General, Commanding.

These instructions were handed to me after sunrise, and found the division without a particle of forage. The train was at Culpeper awaiting its supply. It, with every available empty wagon, was ordered to be filled and instructed to cross at Morton's Ford and join the division. At 8.30 a.m. the command, composed of Colonel Chapman's (First) brigade, with Williston's battery, and Colonel Devin's (Second) brigade, with Lieutenant Heaton's battery,with three days' rations, without a particle of grain, was in motion., and reached Germanna Ford about noon, where preparations were

