
made to force a crossing. At 1 p.m. this was most handsomely effected, in the face of a small force of the enemy, by the Eighth New York Cavalry, and followed in haste by the whole division.

The command next marched over the rough country near the river until it reached the enemy's intrenchments in rear of Morton's, capturing the different pickets at the fords from Germanna to Mortons', arriving at Morton's after night, and having driven the enemy out of his exterior intrenchments. The command bivouacked for the night, leaving the enemy in considerable force to hold his interior works and the ford. The next morning about 7 a.m. I learned that the First Corps had retired during the night, and that the commanding general had changed the programme.

Being without instructions, and my train having been ordered to recross the Rappahannock, I was at a loss to know what course to pursue. At this point a messenger arrived with instructions, of old date, for me not to cross the Rapidan at all, but to return and recross the Rappahannock at the station or Kelly's. I immediately started to recross the Rapidan at Morton's, driving with ease the enemy from his inner works. He retired toward Raccoon, and finding that he was not followed, and receiving re-enforcements, soon returned to retard my crossing. The ford was bad and had to be repaired, which caused some delay. During this crossing the enemy was very active on my left flank, skirmishing, and in crossing the river above at Raccoon. This latter movement was discovered in time to foil his plan, and Colonel Chapman, with all of his brigade that had crossed, was sent to check him while Devin crossed his command. Colonel Devin was sorely pressed, as his force on the enemy's side decreased, but he, by frequent dashing and telling charges, and the two batteries by their fire from the north side, kept the enemy from closing on his rear. Colonel Devin's command on this occasion was beautifully handled, fought too bravely, and consequently suffered quite severely.

Captain Conger, Third [West] Virginia, by his courage and hard fighting won the admiration of all who saw him.

While Colonel Devin was doing so well, Colonel Chapman, with his brigade, had made his preparations to meet the force that had crossed at Raccoon, and a very warm reception he gave them. He found a superior force of cavalry formed and ready to charge. He speedily made his dispositions and as soon as completed, down came this overwhelming force of cavalry upon him, not to stay, however, but to be hurled back dismayed, in confusion, and terribly punished. Shortly after the rout of this cavalry, its support (infantry force) advanced, and Colonel Chapman withdrew from his position directly toward Stevensburg. When near Stevensburg, the Second Brigade connected, each line still followed closely by the enemy. Seeing a number of wagons passing along the road from Culpeper, through Stevensburg, toward Kelly's, I determined to make a stand until they were all safe. Here the division fought the enemy's cavalry until its support came up with its long-range muskets. The division then withdrew, making an obstinate resistance at Stevensburg, until everything was safely across that nasty stream, Mountain Run, after which it leisurely retired to Brandy Station without a deal of molestation from the enemy, although closely followed by him. To my surprise, at Brandy I found the rear guard of the Fifth Corps passing through to cross the Rappahannock. I knew nothing up to this time of how extensive this retrograde movement of our army was, and here learned that General Pleasonton, with the Third

