
Division was still in rear of the Fifth Corps. Arrangements were immediately made to make a stand until the Third Division should arrive.

The enemy seeing the Third Division across the open country, and being out of my sight, turned their column in that direction. The Third Division soon made a connection with my right. As soon as this was accomplished, the sixth New York charged, followed closely by the Ninth New York, and soon regained the advantage that the enemy supposed he had. It was a very severe hand-to-hand fight, Devin's troops using the saber. The enemy pressed my left closely in retiring, and made several feints in my front, but by 8 p.m. the division was across the Rappahannock. During the night we found our forage and went to sleep.

The next day, the 12th, I received the following instructions, viz:

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

October 12, 1863-10.30 a.m.

Major-General Sedgwick will, in addition to his own corps, take command of the Fifth Corps and Buford's division of cavalry, and advance immediately to Brandy Station and take position at the heights there, driving the enemy and holding the position. He will report his progress to the commanding general, and also the force, position, and movements of the enemy.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,October 12, 1863.

Official copy furnished for General Buford's information.

By command of Major-General Pleasonton:

C. C. SUYDAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

At 12 m. the division was across the river again and in motion. After advancing about 2 miles, the enemy's pickets were driven in, and the advance commenced skirmishing with the enemy. Finding his force insignificant, a general advance was ordered, and he was driven to within 1 1/2 miles of Culpeper. The object of the expedition being accomplished,the division returned and bivouacked on the left of the infantry near Brandy.

Every man of the command seemed gratified at having again passed over their old fighting ground, because they were enabled to recover the bodies of some of their comrades who had fallen the day before, and to administer to and remove several wounded men who had been neglected and who would undoubtedly have perished but for their timely assistance. It was truly gratifying to be able to recover these wounded men, and to bury the men that had been stripped and abandoned by the enemy.

At 12 that night, the infantry withdrew beyond the Rappahannock, my division bringing up the rear, and recrossed by daylight on the 13th.

On the 13th, the following instructions were received, viz:
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, October 12, 1863-11 p.m.

Brigadier-General BUFORD,Commanding First Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: You will cover the rear and flank of the trains of the army to-morrow on their march to Centreville by the way of Brentsville. Headquarters to-morrow night will be at Centreville. Send an officer to report your position to-morrow night.

Very respectfully.

A. PLEASONTON.

Major-General, Commanding.

