
The division remained in camp watching the river and resting until the trains were well under way, and then moved to camp near Warrenton Junction, the trains being near Catlett's and Weaverville.

On the 14th, the rear of the trains was delayed in getting under way and it was several hours before the division was in motion. At Brentsville the trains were found parked, and little disposition to move was displayed by the few quartermasters that I could find, until toward night, when General Warren's firing was seen. The division stood to horse, and during the whole night every effort was made to keep the wagons in motion. shortly after General Warren's firing had ceased, my pickets were fired into, but no further molestation was offered. During the night General Gregg, with his division, came to my assistance, and remained until it was thought prudent for him to continue his march.

After daylight on the 15th, when the fog had risen and the rear wagon was safely across Broad Run, the division started and marched to the crossing of Cedar Run, followed by a small cavalry to continue his march.

After daylight on the 15th, when the fog had risen and the rear wagon was safely across Broad Run, the division started and marched to the crossing of Cedar Run, followed by a small cavalry force, which was kept at a respectable distance.

After the last of the pontoon train was reported safely across Cedar Run I felt greatly relieved, but judge of my surprise when I found that the whole of the wagons after a circuitous route, had recrossed to the enemy's side of Cedar Run. In this position the enemy's cavalry made a brisk advance and fortunately struck me, instead of the flank of the trains, which I believe to have been his design. The division immediately gave battle, and held him off until the report came that the last wagon was across Bull Run, and that General Gregg was there also. The day's work was well done and over, and our anxiety at an end.

When the enemy advanced upon me that last time, I supposed he would come with a heavier force than mine and come to have some of the wagons. Every man of the command had made up his mind that there should be no child's play on his part, so when he did appear, with a determined will we went at him and before long drove him back. The Seventeenth Pennsylvania struck him in flank, making him give away, which allowed us to get a strong position, which we held until after night, and until the last wagon was well on the way toward Fairfax Station. Not a single wagon that I could hear of was either destroyed or captured.

The division thus marched on across Bull Run until closed up to the trains, halted in the road, and, in an exhausted state, fell asleep by the roadside till morning, when it moved on and encamped at Brimstone Hill.

I am proud to testify to the good behavior of the division, both officers and men. Throughout the entire movement, they displayed great zeal and bravery, and were ever cheerful amid the hardships endured. The delicate and difficult task of protecting the trains was accomplished with credit, but in doing it, many brave spirits were taken to another world.

Our loss was considerable (a recapitulation of which is appended), and if it is any satisfaction to know that the enemy's was greater, we certainly have nothing to complain of.

Between so many officers who behaved well, I cannot make any marked distinction. Williston's and Heaton's battery were in several trying places, and nobly did they stand the test.

At Morton's Ford the division destroyed a large number of en-

