
Roads have not yet been heard from. Every effort will be made to gain information of the enemy in the direction of Sperryville, Woodside, and toward the mountains.

Yours, respectfully,

D. MCM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,October 12, 1863-4.50 p. m.

COLONEL: We have been fighting all afternoon. This morning at daylight I sent a regiment to make a reconnaissance toward Little Washington. I placed a regiment at Jefferson to support the reconnaissance. The enemy forces the crossing at Rixeyville, and columns of infantry and cavalry crossed and advanced upon Jefferson. I got three regiments across the resist the advance of the enemy, but their force was so overwhelming that, after a stubborn resistance, the regiments were driven back and effected a crossing under my guns. A column of infantry is now moving up the west bank. The officer commanding my brigade near Warrenton reports columns of the enemy moving up the west bank toward the mountains. The columns of infantry moving in plain sight are large. I am much concerned for the safety of the regiment sent to Little Washington. The loss in the regiment engaged to-day is very heavy. I cannot give it yet. The enemy have opened with twenty pieces of artillery, and are giving me from my position at the springs.

Very respectfully,

D. MCM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,October 13, 1863-3.15 p. m.

COLONEL: On the arrival of the infantry at Fayetteville this morning at daylight, a division was sent out beyond, on the roads to Sulphur Springs and Warrenton. My command was withdrawn to get forage and rations. One of General Kilpatrick's brigades took post on the road to Warrenton in front of the infantry, and I prepared to execute the order with regard to my movement in connection with the Third Corps. I again relieved Kilpatrick on the road to Warrenton, and found the enemy's cavalry occupying the road to Warrenton. An advance was not made against this force.

One of my men came in this morning, he having remained. Scouted all night near Sulphur Springs. He reports that the enemy were moving all night on the road from the springs toward Warrenton. He reports positively that the force moving during the nigh twas infantry. At daylight this morning he saw more of the enemy at the springs.

The enemy did not follow me to Fayetteville and did not appear on that road this morning. During the night camps were seen on the west bank of the river opposite Sulphur Springs. My signal officer

