
on Watery Mountain reports that at 3 p. m. he saw camps (by their fires) near Little Washington and in that vicinity.

My division is now moving in rear of Kilpatrick's on the road from Fayetteville after the infantry corps. It will be very late before I can reach the position assigned to the division. I will have to cross Cedar Run about a mile north of Warrenton Junction.

Yours, &amp;c.,

D. MCM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,

Chief of Staff, Cavalry Corps.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,October 28, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Second Cavalry Division from the 11th to the 16th of October:

On the morning of the 11th instant, the orders of the major-general commanding Cavalry Corps directed that the Second Brigade of the Second Division, then at Culpeper, should hold the road leading to Sperryville until after the departure of the Third Corps; that after this the brigade should proceed via Rixeyville to Sulphur Springs. I was also directed to order the First Brigade, then marching to Culpeper from Hartwood Church, to proceed by the shortest practicable route to Sulphur Springs. The order changing its destination reached this brigade at Brandy Station. It recrossed the river at Rappahannock Bridge and proceeded to Sulphur Springs. The Second Brigade, which I accompanied, reached the former camp of the division between Sulphur Springs and Jefferson at 9 p. m. In this march from Culpeper to the springs nothing was seen of the enemy, and not even a scout followed in the rear of the Second Brigade.

At about midnight I received a communication from Major-General Humphreys, chief of staff, headquarters Army of the Potomac, asking that I would obtain certain and early information of the enemy's movements in the direction of Sperryville and Little Washington. Agreeably to my orders, Colonel Gregg, commanding Little Washington Brigade, sent one regiment (First Maine) to obtain the required information, which was to be sought as far as Sperryville. At an early hour on the 12th, I directed the Second Brigade to move to the east side of the Rappahannock, leaving one regiment on the west side to picket toward Rixeyville, and to be in position to support the First Maine, should it be compelled to return.

At about 10 a. m. information was received that the pickets on the road to Rixeyville were being driven in. I at once directed Colonel Gregg to proceed with a regiment to the support of that on the west bank. After some skirmishing all became quiet, and I was informed that the enemy had disappeared from the front and was moving off to the left. I then sent an order to Colonel Gregg to hold his position if he could, but if his force was not sufficient, to fall back to the river, where I would have his guns in position to cover his crossing. Being hard pressed by the enemy, I sent one regiment across the river to take position, and secure the crossing of the regiments falling back.

It is to be regretted that in the gallant and obstinate resistance made by the Thirteenth and Fourth Pennsylvania Regiments, they

