
had to fight almost entirely on foot. The enemy having turned the left flank of the regiments on the west bank, his regiments were brought under the fire of the guns of Battery A, Fourth U. S. Artillery.

After the recrossing of all the regiments to the east side of the river, I lined its banks above and below the bridge with sharpshooters. The enemy advanced with a long and strong line of skirmishers, but were checked by the fire of our carbines and ne gun placed near the river, which, at that range, gave them rapid discharges of spherical case. At this time I saw long columns of infantry marching northward, on the opposite bank. Upon these columns the fire of my artillery was directed. The enemy now opened upon my position with twenty pieces of artillery, and under this fire this cavalry advanced to, and forced a crossing at the bridge. I directed Colonel Gregg's brigade to fall back slowly, toward Fayetteville, and sent an order to Colonel Taylor, whose brigade was posted on the road to Warrenton, to resist the advance of the enemy in that direction, and if compelled to fall back, to do so upon the road leading from Warrenton to Fayetteville.

Two regiments and a section of artillery were sent forward by Colonel Taylor to meet the enemy. A daring charge of the First New Jersey Cavalry drove back the advance of the enemy upon the main body of infantry. The First New Jersey, although at first successful, suffered severely. Rejoining brigade, Colonel Taylor took position on the road leading from Warrenton to Fayetteville, the Second Brigade at Fayetteville. The wounded of the division were here cared for and sent to Bealeton. Both brigades were entirely out of rations and forage; of the latter, the First Brigade had had none for about four days. During the night the enemy continued crossing at the springs and moved on the road to Warrenton with infantry and cavalry.

On the morning of the 13th, the Third Cavalry Division and Second Army Corps arrived at Fayetteville, and I was at liberty to forage and ration my brigades. On the 13th, I marched the Second Division, in rear of the Second Army Corps, to Auburn. Arrived there about 9 p. m. I placed the division in camp immediately in front of those of the Second Corps, picketing the roads on my left, and with an entire regiment the road leading to Warrenton.

At daylight on the morning of the 14th, the enemy made an attack upon my front, and west of the road leading to Warrenton. I at once formed my whole division, and made every disposition to receive and repel the attack. The ambulances and a portion of the troops of the Second Corps were still on the west side of Cedar Run and in my rear; the advance of the Second Corps had been fired upon in the vicinity of Saint Stephen's. The situation was difficult, and there was but one thing to do, to hold my position at any cost. My regiment on the Warrenton road had been driven in, and the enemy were approaching to get possession of the ford at Cedar Run. At this time, meeting Major-General Warren, commanding Second Corps, I was asked by him to hold my position until he should be able to get his corps across Cedar Run.

Bravely my regiments contended with the enemy and kept him back. The Second Corps was across, and to facilitate the crossing of one of my brigades General Warren recrossed a brigade of infantry. the brigade of infantry and cavalry crossed to the east side together. The Second Brigade of my division was ordered by

