
me to move down the west bank of Cedar Run and cross Saint Stephen's. By this movement the enemy was prevented from effecting a crossing there. The First Brigade of my division across, General Warren withdrew his battery, which had been engaged in replying to one of the enemy's, and moved his command toward Catlett's. The First Brigade at once became engaged, skirmishing with the enemy's cavalry. Two batteries of the enemy, placed upon the right and left, opened upon the regiments with canister and shell. I directed the brigade to retire through a woods in rear of the infantry.

The enemy from the thicket along Cedar Run, having driven our infantry from the road, a section of Martin's battery, with me, had no chance of escape but by this road. At full speed Lieutenant George Brown, jr., passed his section through. After this the First Brigade moved on the rear and left of the infantry, the Second Brigade on the rear and right. The enemy followed in rear, with a section of artillery, but did no damage to either brigade.

Arrived at Kettle Run, a sharp artillery fire was heard in front in direction of Bristoe Station. I at once sent forward with a staff officer one regiment to report to General Warren. Arrived at Broad Run, the First Brigade was compelled to cross near the bridge.

Just after crossing, and at a point close upon the left of the infantry's line, the enemy's infantry began a fire upon the flank of the brigade. The enemy were in a dense thicket close upon the road; a horseman could not possibly penetrate it. The First Pennsylvania Regiment formed to its left and opened upon the concealed enemy. All the regiment passed save the rear one, which was cut off by a column of the enemy's infantry crossing the railroad near the bridge. The Second Brigade, cut off by this column, passed farther to the right, crossed Cedar Run and took position on the road leading from Bristoe to Brentsville, covering the hospitals of the Second Corps. The First Brigade was formed on the left of the infantry. A strong line of skirmishers thrown out discovered the enemy crossing on our left toward Brentsville.

To my command, Major-General Warren assigned the duty of holding the left of his position. Without ammunition, and having only their drawn sabers to rely upon, the position was held until darkness made the position safe, and I moved to Brentsville to assist General Buford with the wagon train.

I cannot close this report without calling the attention of the major-general commanding to the excellent conduct of my entire command on the 12th and 14th instants. Martin's Sixth New York Independent Battery, and Reed's battery, Fourth U. S. Artillery, did most splendid service on both fields. The commanders of these batteries are brave, skillful, and energetic.

The First Maine Cavalry, cut off on its return from Sperryville, encountered the enemy's infantry and cavalry at several points, escaping whenever threatened. Its gallant colonel, after a circuitous and fatiguing march of 90 miles, reported his regiment at Bristoe Station.

Lieutenant William Harris, First Maine Cavalry, sent from Little Washington, with 12 men, to communicate with me at Jefferson, is particularly mentioned for his gallantry by his brigade commander. The adventures and final escape of this officer from his captors are fully noticed in Colonel Gregg's report.

Captain J. H. Leeman, Sixth Ohio Cavalry, is particularly mentioned

