
ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 17, 1863.

Brigadier General D. MCM. GREGG,

Commanding Second Division, Cavalry Corps:

SIR: I am directed by the commanding general to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of this date, asking that a court of inquiry may be assembled to examine in to the manner in which you performed your duty as commander of the Second Division Cavalry Corps on the 14th instant, or, in the service, tog rant your application requesting that you may be relieved from this army; and in reply to state that it is not practicable at the present moment to order a court of inquiry, nor is it deemed expedient to relieve you from duty with this army. The commanding general disclaims any intention of disparaging the services of the cavalry in the omission to mention them in General Orders, Numbers 96, of October 15, which omission was purely accidental and not international.

Inclosed you will please find copy of general orders which will be issued to this army at once.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 97. Camp near Centreville, Va., October 17, 1863.

The attention of the major-general commanding having been called to the omission, in General Orders, Numbers 96, of the 15th instant, from these headquarters, to mention the services of the cavalry constituting part of the rear guard on the 14th instant, he takes the earliest occasion to bear testimony to the activity, zeal, and gallantry, not only of the Second Division, but of the whole Cavalry Corps, and to the efficient and arduous services rendered in all the recent operations from the Rapidan to this place.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 81. Report of Colonel John P. Taylor, First Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,October 25, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, observant to orders received 2 a. m., October 10, the pickets of this brigade, extending over a front of 40 miles, were withdrawn and regiments assembled near Kelly's Ford by 10 a. m. the same day, except a portion of the First New Jersey, with the support, which did not reach the brigade until 2 a . m. of the 11th instant.

