
October 11.-The brigade crossed Kelly's Ford at daylight, marching toward Brandy Station, Alexandria and Orange Railroad, where it was met by a staff officer, with orders for it to recross the river at Rappahannock Station, and to encamp on the eastern bank of the river near Sulphur Springs.

October 12.-Brigade was ordered nearer Warrenton, five regiments picketing Warrenton, Porter's Ford, Waterloo, and Sulphur Springs. At 4 p. m. firing was heard near the latter place, and two regiments and one section of artillery were ordered to the relief of Colonel Gregg's (Second) brigade, which was hotly engaged with the enemy at Sulphur Springs bridge. While moving forward as ordered the head of the column was attacked with great violence by the enemy's infantry, covered by woods to the right of road, half a mile from the bridge. A line of skirmishers was hastily thrown out from the First New Jersey Cavalry, which regiment made several brilliant charges on the force of the enemy, driving him beyond the hotel in the direction of the river. Martin's battery went into position, and by a few well-directed shots greatly assisted the New Jersey cavalry, which held its ground until after dark, losing many gallant officers and men, and 170 horses. The brigade fell back to Fayetteville during the night, picketing the roads leading from the enemy.

October 13.-The brigade moved to Auburn.

October 14.-At 5 a. m. the front and left of our line were attacked by infantry and mounted and dismounted cavalry. With the exception of one regiment, the brigade was dismounted along the crest of a ridge, which they held until the wagon trains had gotten well upon the road to Catlett's Station, and until it was ordered to fall back. The brigade crossed the creek and took up a position half a mile in the rear. The enemy also crossed to the left front, and, driving off the infantry skirmishers and flanking, took possession of the main road. By this operation, Lieutenant Brown's section of Martin's battery was forced to run the gauntlet of the enemy's fire for about 200 yards down this road, losing several men of its support (First Massachusetts Cavalry), and having but one of its horses wounded.

The enemy now brought a battery into position on our right rear, and opened with grape and canister on the First Pennsylvania Cavalry, which formed (it was skirmishing at the time) and marched off in superb style, covering the rear of the brigade, which fell back through the woods to Saint Stephen's Crossing, thence to Bristoe Station. At the bridge over Kettle Run the brigade suffered from a heavy flank fire, to which the First Pennsylvania Cavalry responded (it having the left flank), and brought up the rear to a position to the left and left rear of our forces. After this position had been gained, and after the enemy had crossed the railroad with one brigade of infantry, one squadron of the Sixth Ohio was ordered to charge through the enemy's line, and communicating with the rear guard, under Major Janeway (First New Jersey Cavalry), notify him of the critical position in which he was placed by this movement on the part of the enemy. The extreme gallantry with which this hazardous duty was performed entitles Captain J. H. Leeman, Sixth Ohio Cavalry, and his brave officers and men to especial notice. This squadron passed through lines of the enemy's infantry, released 15 prisoners of the Second Corps, capturing their guard, and made the desired communication with the isolated command of Major Janeway. By the determined front presented by the skirmishers

