
Numbers 82. Reports of Colonel J. Irvin Gregg, Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE,October 22, 1863.

GENERAL: The enemy have not exhibited any disposition to advance but seem to be retiring toward the station. Captain Parke reports that he saw what he thought was a brigade of infantry in the works around Rappahannock Station.

I have retired my command about 1 mile on the road from Fayetteville to Warrenton, with my picket reserve at Fayetteville, and picketing on the roads leading toward Bealeton and Rappahannock Station.

I have to report Major Taggart and 3 men, Second Pennsylvania, wounded. The enemy left 2 of their killed in our possession. The Second is spoken of by officers of my staff in terms of commendation.

The staff officer reports very large camps of rebels across the river opposite Beverly Ford, and a wounded man who fell into our possession reported three regiments of rebel cavalry, supported by infantry, on this side of the river.

The position of this command at this point, picketing to Kelly's Ford, is one of great danger, and it will be utterly out of my power to protect myself with my left and rear open and exposed. My brigade will not number to-night over 1,200 men for duty, and, with my pickets at Kelly's Ford, Norman's Ford, Rappahannock Bridge, and Beverly Ford, I will be unable to support the line from this or any other point at which I can place my command.

I can place the pickets as directed, but cannot be responsible for the safety either of my command or the pickets, for no amount of intelligence or vigilance can prevent them from being surrounded and cut off, if the entire country from Bealeton to Auburn is unprotected.

I will be obliged if you will send me written instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. IRVIN GREGG,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Brigadier General D. MCM. GREGG,

Commanding Second Division, Cavalry Corps.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE,October 23, [1863]-1.30 p. m.

GENERAL: A staff officer, just returned from the front, reports that the enemy were met this morning at Bealeton and driven to the earth-works at Rappahannock Bridge, where they appear to be in strong force. Major Cilley, First Maine Cavalry, sent to Beverly Ford, reports large camps across the river from that point. The enemy have a large force of infantry, and more cavalry than I have.

I have directed Colonel Smith, who is at Bealeton, in case the enemy push him, to retire upon Fayetteville and this position.

