HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,October 25, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that this brigade left Bealeton Station on the morning of the 10th instant at daylight for Culpeper, where it arrived about 11 a. m. and was immediately ordered to Wayland's Mills to support General Kilpatrick, then engaged with the enemy near James City.

On the 11th instant, marched from Fox Mountain to Sulphur Springs and bivouacked on the south bank of the Hedgeman River.

On the morning of the 12th instant, crossed the river at an early hour and went into camp near Porter's Ford. About 10 a. m., information having been sent me that the pickets of the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, which had been left at Jefferson to watch the roads leading to Culpeper and Amissville, were being driven in, and that the enemy were advancing in force, I ordered the Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry to recross the river to support the Thirteenth retiring in good order, and the enemy in possession of the town. I immediately ordered Major Kerwin to advance and re-occupy the town, which was done in gallant style, and one squadron of the Fourth Pennsylvania, under command of Captain Duncan, coming upon the gallop on the right, complete possession of the town was obtained and the enemy driven to the woods beyond. The enemy extended his skirmish line so as to outflank me both right and left, and I was obliged to deploy my entire force except one squadron of the Fourth pennsylvania in order to watch his movements. This he was enabled to do without deploying his force, and it was not until late in the afternoon that I was enabled to ascertain the character of the force again which I had been contending.

About 3 o'clock p. m. I observed a column of cavalry moving on the Culpeper road, which from its length must have been a very large brigade, and as I felt confident I was contending against a much superior force I determined to retire, and orders were issued to that effect, and it was only when the movement commenced that I became aware how fearfully superior the forces of the enemy were. They charged impetuously in front and on both flanks with infantry and cavalry, and we were driven into the woods, where for half an hour the fight raged furiously. At this juncture information was brought to me that the enemy had possession of the road in my rear, and that we were surrounded. This information having found its way to the men created some confusion, and it became impossible to reform the command, and I was compelled to retire in some confusion, fighting, however, every foot of the ground.

It was here that Major Young, Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Captain Kane, Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and Lieutenants Cutler and Martin, of my staff, were wounded.

The Tenth New York Cavalry had been sent across the river to my support, but did not arrive in time to render me assistance. It, however, suffered heavily from a flank fire, by which it was compelled to fall back behind a hill on which it had been posted, and re-crossed the river covering my retreat.

After recrossing the river the bank was lined with dismounted skirmishers, and held until the enemy opened upon us with twenty pieces of artillery, when we retired, the Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry being deployed to cover the retreat to Fayetteville.

