
On the 13th, marched to Auburn, and encamped in front of the Second Army Corps.

At daylight on the morning of the 14th, the enemy attacked, and my brigade was formed in rear of the First Brigade in reserve. About 9 a. m. I received an order to return to Saint Stephen's, where I went into position on the left and remained until after the Second Corps had passed. When I arrived at Kettle Creek I found the enemy in possession of the railroad bridge and the woods covering the road, and was forced to the right in the direction of Brentsville, and immediately in rear of the field of battle, where I took up a position covering the hospital of the Second Corps.

The enemy advanced his line of skirmishers through the woods, but was compelled to retire. I remained in this position until after dark and then withdrew to Brentsville. While moving to the right from the railroad the Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry were formed in line and held the enemy in check until the columns had passed.

The First Maine Cavalry, under command of Colonel C. H. Smith, had been sent early on the morning of the 12th instant on a reconnaissance to Little Washington and Sperryville, which places they reached without meeting the enemy. On their return home they ran into an encampment of infantry, supposed to be Hill's corps, between Amissville and Gaines' Cross-Roads. Colonel Smith countermarched and crossed the Rappahannock at Keysville and moved by way of Orleans to Warrenton, where they again ran into the enemy's camp on the Waterloo road, and striking off boldly to the left across the country toward New Baltimore, they reached Bristoe Station after a march of 90 miles without rest.

Lieutenant William Harris, First Maine Cavalry, deserves especial notice. Having been sent by Colonel Smith with 12 men to carry a dispatch from near Little Washington, he ran into the enemy near Amissville, charged through them, and came to Jefferson. Saw he could not reach Sulphur Springs. Returned toward Amissville. Ran into Hill's corps. Concealed his party in a dense pine woods, hoping that the enemy would pass by and allow him to rejoin his regiment, but they encamped, completely surrounding him. After destroying his horse equipments and sabers, and having captured a prisoner, he boldly marched through the enemy's camps and made his way to New Baltimore, where he ran into Mosby's command and lost 2 of his men, Mosby threatening to shoot his prisoners unless the entire party surrendered. Subsequently Lieutenant Harris ran into two squadrons of White's command and was captured and carried to Sulphur Springs, from which place Lieutenant Harris escaped.

I am much indebted to Lieutenant J. B. Maitland, Captain H. M. Hughes, Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry; Lieutenant Archer N. Martin, Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and Lieutenant Frank M. Cutler, First Maine Cavalry, for valuable assistance during the severe fight at Jefferson, the 12th instant, and to Captain Parke and Lieutenant Phipps, Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry, on the 14th instant.

I desire here to bear testimony to the gallantry of all the troops under my command. Both officers and men are entitled to great credit for their courage, coolness, and endurance.

The casualties in my brigade during the five days' fighting, viz, 12th and 14th, were:

Lieutenant Johnson, Tenth New York, missing, and supposed to be killed at Auburn in a charge upon the enemy's infantry.

Major S. B. M. Young, Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and B. C.

