
Adams, first lieutenant Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry, wounded at Sulphur Springs, Va.

Captain P. Kane, Thirteenth Cavalry, wounded at Sulphur Springs.

Lieutenant Colonel J. K. Robinson, Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, wounded at Auburn.

Lieuts. W. A. Daily and Lester D. Phelps, Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry; Lieutenant Morey, Tenth New York; Lieutenant A. B. White, Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry; Captain H. H. Gregg, Lieutenant Joseph A. Green, and Surgeon Lummis, Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, missing at Sulphur Springs.

Lieutenant Archer N. Martin, Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and Lieutenant F. M. Cutler, First Maine Cavalry, wounded at Sulphur Springs.

Six enlisted men killed, 54 wounded, 382 missing. A large number of the missing are supposed to be killed and wounded.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. IRVIN GREGG,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain H. C. WEIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 83. Report of Major H. Henry Avery, Tenth New York Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH NEW YORK CAVALRY,Near Fayetteville, Va., October 23, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit to you the following report respecting the movements and operations of this regiment from the 9th instant:

At this date the regiment was encamped 1 mile west of Liberty, and picketing the river from Freeman's Ford to Sulphur Springs, and the roads toward Warrenton. On the evening of the 9th instant, I received orders to report immediately with my command to brigade headquarters, but owing to unexpected delay in drawing in my pickets I was not prepared to move until daylight the following morning. I proceeded to Bealeton, when I found the brigade had marched, taking the road toward Culpeper. I followed on and joined it near Culpeper, where I arrived at 4 p. m., and went into camp for the night. According to directions my command was prepared to march early the following morning, and at 10 o'clock the division moved out with the Second Brigade in the rear. The route of the division on this day was toward Sulphur Springs, proceeding slowly without molestation and covering the left flank and rear of Meade's columns. Arrived at Sulphur Springs about 9 p. m., the Second Brigade bivouacking upon nearly its old camping grounds near Jefferson.

The next morning the brigade moved across the river and encamped along the Warrenton pike about a mile from the ford. Before the arrangements for camp were completed I received orders to be ready to move at brief notice. Thirty minutes after I moved out in advance of the battery, going down till near the ford, then countermarched at short distance, and, after a short halt in the piece of woods at the right of the road, marched down and was placed in close column at the right and rear of the battery posted on the crest of hill commanding the crossing and the opposite side of the river. Soon after

