
taking this position the Fourth Pennsylvania, which had been left on picket at Jefferson in the morning and been attacked, was pressed back to within view by the enemy, who was advancing determinedly with a strong force of infantry and cavalry.

The Thirteenth Pennsylvania, which had crossed over and was upon the right, had become engaged sharply, and was being forced into a dangerous position and would require assistance to retire safely. This command was sent to their support and soon gained a position on the slope of the hill in the center, and I immediately deployed one squadron as skirmishers. This engaged the attention of the enemy and allowed the regiments upon my right and left to retire toward the ford. The fire of the enemy then became principally concentrated upon this regiment, and after remaining a short time returning his fire as much as possible, I was ordered to fall back across the river. I was now in the rear, and the enemy's numerous skirmishers, with heavy supports pressing upon both flanks and rear, compelled me to fall back hastily, suffering severe loss in men and horses. After crossing the river a larger share of my carbineers were dismounted and posted along the bank of the river about the crossing, and with the remainder of the regiment, numbering bout 50 mounted men, I was directed to move up the river about three-fourths of a mile and hold a crossing at this point.

Shortly after arriving here the enemy's heavy battery opened, which drove our forces from their position at the ford and allowed the enemy's forces to cross. I perceived that they were advancing up the Warrenton pike and driving back our skirmishers. Under these circumstances I thought it advisable to endeavor to gain the road in advance of him, lest I should be cut off from the r est of the command. On reaching the pike I found the advance of the first Brigade moving down to check the enemy's skirmishers, who were advancing rapidly. I formed my men upon the right in the edge of the woods, while the First New Jersey advanced down the road and drove them back nearly to the ford. Heavy skirmishing continued from this time until after dark, the enemy making but little progress. The First New Jersey was principally engaged. The few men I had were maneuvered as far as possible for its support. I lost a few men here in wounded. Soon after dark the firing ceased, and with the First Brigade I fell back to Fayetteville, where the Second Brigade had halted, and here remained till morning. I then collected the available force of my regiment, which had been considerably reduced by the engagement on the previous day.

The division started at noon and marched to Auburn via Germantown. Arrived at the former place late in the evening and this regiment sent to picket the road toward Warrenton. I established my headquarters about a mile from Auburn, throwing out my pickets to the distance of three-fourths of a mile beyond. Everything remained quiet during the night, but as soon as daybreak the next morning the enemy advanced a heavy force of infantry, before which my picket force, consisting of one squadron, in command of Captain Vanderbilt, was obliged to fall back, hotly skirmishing the while. By the time I could form my men in the field the skirmishers were within 300 yards, and I immediately sent a squadron to support them. The enemy was then driven back some distance, but advancing again with increased numbers, Captain Vanderbilt retired again, after a stout resistance, holding the enemy in check for some time. I then withdrew my reserve abut 100 yards farther down the road and ordered

