
the Fifth Squadron, under Lieutenant Johnson, to charge with the saber. This was gallantly done, and further checked the enemy's advance. I regret to record here the loss of one of my bravest officers, Lieutenant Johnson, who fell while leading this charge, and was unavoidably left in the hands of the enemy, supposed to have been instantly killed. After this I fell back slowly till under cover of our guns planted upon the brow of the hill with heavy support. One of my squadrons (Captain Bliss') was kept on the skirmish line until I retired with the brigade toward Catlett's Station. My loss during the morning was not serious.

This regiment took but little part in the skirmishing which continued during the day while the division was moving along the railroad toward Bristoe. The enemy, having gained possession of the railroad near this point, attacked us from an ambush with a heavy fire of musketry and compelled the column to retire in the direction of Brentsville. The division halted here for the night and started early the next morning and marched to a point 3 miles from Fairfax Station and encamped. I remained here till the evening of the 17th, keeping two squadrons picketing on Bull Run. I then moved my command, according to instructions, to Union Mills, having orders to picket from that point to the ford on Bull run, 5 miles below.

On the evening of the 19th, I received orders to join the brigade at Centreville, and started early the following morning, joining the brigade at noon the same day near Bull Run, on the Gainesville road; bivouacked here for the night, and the next day (21st) marched with division to Warrenton and camped 1 mile south of the town. Marched with brigade next day to Fayetteville, and fell back 1 mile in the evening and encamped in the woods.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. HENRY AVERY,

Major, Commanding Tenth New York Cavalry.

Per G. W. KENNEDY,

Adjutant.

JOHN B. MAITLAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 84. Report of Major Joseph W. Wistar, Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

NEAR FAYETTEVILLE, VA.,

October 26, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that on the night of October 9, na order was received at 10.30 p. m. to withdraw our pickets around Warrenton Junction, and report with the entire command at brigade headquarters, then at Bealeton Station. This was done about 3 o'clock on the morning of the 10th instant, and soon after 5 a. m., marched with the brigade to Culpeper Court-House, thence to Kirby's house, on Fox Mountain, to the support of General Kilpatrick, then engaged near James City. We camped here for the night, and at 4.30 on the morning of the 11th instant moved back to Culpeper, remaining till about noon, when we moved to the vicinity of Jefferson and camped for the night.

On the morning of the 12th instant, moved at 5 a. m. and crossed

24 R-VOL XXIX, PT I

