
Springs, Va., October 12, 1863, and Bristoe Station, Va., October 14, 1863:

On Tuesday, October 12, we moved across the Rappahannock River at Sulphur Springs, and reported to General Gregg on a hill about half a mile from the river, who directed me to send one section to a crest, on the left and rear, distant about 300 yards, which I did (it being under command of Lieutenant Warner), and placed the remaining section in position where I had first reported. I remained with this section, and opened on the enemy at about 1,600 yards with solid shot. Lieutenant Warner opened with the section under his command at a distance of about 1,200 yards. Soon after I was directed to move one piece forward to the bank of the river, which was near our line of skirmishers. I went forward with this piece myself, and opened on the enemy at about 500 yards with signal effect. Particular credit should be awarded to First Sergt. Frederick Fuger, of this battery, who acted as gunner to this piece. During the time this piece was near the skirmish line, Lieutenant Warner continued firing at the enemy. Late in the afternoon the enemy opened with twenty pieces of artillery, when, by direction of Colonel J. Irvin Gregg, the pieces were limbered up, and we retired from the field.

The conduct of my chiefs of sections, Lieutenant C. N. Warner, Fourth Artillery, and First Sergt. Frederick Fuger (who for his gallant and meritorious conduct in this and many former engagements is deserving of promotion), and the enlisted men under my command, was exemplary.

I have to report the casualties in this engagement as follows: Private C. N. Smith, wounded; 5 horses killed and 1 wounded.

One hundred and fifty-four rounds of ammunition were expended.

On Wednesday, October 14, at about - o'clock, I was ordered by Colonel Gregg to report to General Warren, commanding Second Army Corps. I was at first directed, after reporting, to follow the corps staff, which I did as far as Catlett' Station, when I was ordered by an officer of General Warren's staff to fall in rear of General Webb's division. I was told by this officer that some ambulances, to which he directed my attention, were in rear of General Webb's column. These ambulances I followed nearly to Bristoe Station, and while in a wood just before approaching the station, I heard musketry firing and rode ahead of the column to an open space, and saw that a body of our infantry was engaging the enemy, and that the ambulances i was following were still moving forward across the field, and I supposed they were following the infantry to which they belonged. I allowed the battery to pass me to see that everything closed up, and that every one was at his post, Lieutenant Warner riding at the head of the column in his place as chief of the right section.

When about half way across the field, and while I was at the center on the column, an officer rode up to me very much excited and asked me what kind of batteries these were. I told him that one was a light 12-pounder battery, and the other a rifled battery. He told me to move my battery forward, and immediately rode away. As he did not tell me to go into position, or designate the point I was to go to, or even inform me what was to support me (which is always done when a battery goes into action), and as the ambulances were still going forwarded, and, as I supposed, the infantry also, I moved the battery into the wood out of musketry range, but not of artillery.

