
Captain Martin, who commanded the other battery, then rode up and asked me how far the infantry was ahead. i told him I did not know, but we would ask some one along the road. Captain Martin asked a surgeon, who told him they had gone ahead, but other parties said they had not. Captain Martin then said: "I'll find General Warren and ask him where we are to go in position." He saw General Warren, and soon after went into action. My battery was ordered into position about three-quarters of an hour afterward. I went into position three different times, each time nearer the enemy, and changed the position without directions, except the last time, when I was ordered by chief of artillery of the Second Corps to take a position on our extreme left, and to remain until every round of canister was fired, as I with another battery covered the rear. I remained there for some time after the other battery left, when I was ordered by General Gregg (my division commander to move my battery off. My only support at this time was the cavalry which accompanied General Gregg.

In the engagement of the 12th instant, the cavalry gallantly supported my battery at different points, where the severe artillery fire of the enemy commenced, especially a squadron of the Eighth Pennsylvania, under command of Captain Carpenter, which was in rear of the piece posted near the skirmish line.

In conclusion, it gives me great satisfaction to stat that all under my command have discharged their duties in the most gallant manner during the severe campaign of the last eight days, and that all are deserving of the highest commendation.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HORATIO B. REED,

First Lieutenant, Fifth U. S. Artillery, Commanding Battery.

Lieutenant JOHN B. MAITLAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 87. Reports of Brigadier General Judson Kilpatrick, U. S. Army, commanding Third Cavalry Division.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,October 9, 1863.

COLONEL: Early this morning two columns of infantry were seen moving, one on the Orange Court-House road and the other on the Gordonsville and Madison Court-House road. Both halted at about 1.30 p. m. about 2 miles from Madison Court-House, and are now encamped.

Last evening a large portion of the cavalry disappeared in my front. The enemy's pickets have not been changed. It is possible that Stuart has moved to my right, but, if so, he must have crossed. He has not passed on this side. I have a battalion at Criglersville. The Sperryville road is strongly picketed by my people. Every movement of the enemy shall be closely watched.

The enemy's infantry, in the neighborhood of Madison Court-

