
Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry: Captain John Bird, wounded and prisoner; Lieuts. John W. McNutt, M. W. Wilson, James Jackson, and Jacob Schoop, wounded.

I was greatly indebted to the following-named officers for their untiring energy and hearty co-operation during the battle: Lieuts. J. R. Meigs, of the Engineers, U. S. Army, and Will Rumsey, Captain C. F. Trowbridge, and Lieutenant L. Markbeit, aides-de-camp; Major T. F. Lang, acting assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant G. H. North, assistant quartermaster; Cols. J. N. Schoonmaker, Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and J. H. Oley, Eighth [West] Virginia Mounted Infantry; Lieuts. J. Combs, adjutant Second [West] Virginia Mounted infantry, and B. H. H. Atkinson, Battery B, First [West] Virginia Artillery.

I regret to report that Captain Robert Pollock, Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, failed to make his appearance within view of the enemy, and remained behind in a secluded place, with most of his company, where, I am informed, he was found asleep by the enemy after the command had been withdrawn.

Captain James K. Billingsly, Second [West] Virginia Mounted Infantry, was too much intoxicated to perform his duties properly. He will be brought before a general court-martial.

Respectfully submitted.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

CUMBERLAND, MD.,

August 12, 1863.

Brigadier-General AVERELL,

Commanding Separate Brigade:

GENERAL: You are directed to move with that portion of your command now at Moorefield, W. Va., and vicinity, without delay, via Franklin, Pendleton County, W. Va., to the Beverly and Staunton pike, at or near Monterey, Highland County, and from thence, by the most practicable route, to Huntersville, in Pocahontas County, where Colonel William L. Jackson, of the Confederate service, is reported to be stationed. If this information is found correct, you will attack and capture, or drive him out of the county. In passing through Pendleton County you will destroy the saltpeter and powder works therein situated.

The command will carry hard bread, sugar, and coffee. The country through which you pass will be looked to for needed supplies of beef and forage. For these articles the owners will be given, by the proper officers, proper vouchers, which will state the facts attending the taking, and specify that payment will be made therefor upon satisfactory evidence of loyalty. Should more cattle be found than is necessary for the support of the command while on the march, such surplus cattle will also be taken (and for which similar vouchers will be given), and will be sent back, under guard, down the Valley of the South Branch, or taken forward to Beverly, as you may determine.

