
of the mountain. Citizens report that a large wagon train has been passing all day through Hopewell Gap. The roads were at sundown all picketed by the rebels in the direction of Aldie and the gaps. My scouts have been all day inside the cavalry pickets, but have failed to gain any information of the main army of the rebels. There are no rebel troops in the direction of Manassas. The enemy were reported to be retiring in my front at 3.30 p. m. I sent a regiment to pursue as far as Gainesville and, if the officer thought best, to Hay Market. He was unable to get nearer than one-half a mile of Gainesville. The enemy was still in force at that place.

Very respectfully,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

Major-General PLEASONTON.
HDQRS. THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,October 24, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my division in the various engagements since the morning of the 9th of October:

At 11 a. m. on the 8th [9th], enemy was discovered from the signal station on Thoroughfare Mountain to be massing troops near Madison Court-House. This discovery led me to expect and attack, and preparations were made accordingly. the Fifth Michigan and Fifth New York were sent to Russell's Ford and Crigler's Mills, the two points on Robertson's River at which the enemy would have to cross if he moved on my position.

At 3 a. m. on the morning of the 9th [10th], a false attack was made to the left of Thoroughfare Mountain on my line, and at daylight the enemy had crossed in three columns, one at russell's Ford, one at Crigler's Mills, and A. P. Hill's corps was crossing at Criglersville. I at once ordered General Davies to cross Crooked Run, and take up position at James City, and General Custer to send two regiments and a section of artillery, to take up position to the left of James City, and to hold the roads passing at the base of the mountain. Before this force had arrived, the enemy were reported to be rapidly advancing on this road. it was important that he should be at once met and driven back, or we would lose the signal station on the mountain.

I at once sent to Brigadier-General Prince, who had been sent to re-enforce me, and who was but half a mile distant, for two regiments and one section of artillery. Instead of complying, he sent word that he could not spare the force asked for without seeing me. Again I sent, saying that he would have to take the responsibility if he refused. Then he sent the assistance asked for, but in the meantime the enemy had gained the position I desired to defend. My people at the signal station were compelled to leave, and I to retire across Crooked Run. I now occupied a strong position, which the enemy in vain essayed to force.

Late in the afternoon General Custer's entire brigade had come up and been placed in position on the left of General Davies and front of James City. Colonel Gregg's brigade, of Brigadier-General Gregg's

