
on them and drove them back. They then threw out skirmishers opposed to mine, and began a spirited fire, which continued all day. My men held their position without difficulty, and no serious attack was made on my line. A battery was placed in position, and opened fire from the woods beyond James City, but a few shots from a section of Captain Elder's battery drove it off.

I maintained a line of pickets, composed of the First [West] Virginia Cavalry, stretching from my headquarters to Griffinsburg, from which parties were constantly sent out to observe the enemy, and, as I at the time reported to the general commanding division, the attack on our front was only made for the purpose, if possible, of masking the movement of their infantry and train along the base of the mountains to Woodville on the Sperryville pike. At night all firing ceased, and the enemy went into camp, though during the whole night he felt along my entire line, evidently to find some way of turning my flank.

Before dawn on the morning of the 11th, I received, from the general commanding division orders to retire on the Culpeper road at daylight-sending one regiment over to the Sperryville road to retire that way-to Culpeper Court-House, protecting the infantry on that road. I fell back to Culpeper Court-House unmolested, with three regiments and my battery.

The First [West] Virginia Cavalry was sent over to the Sperryville road, and retired by that route. After reaching Culpeper Court-House, hearing that the First [West] Virginia Cavalry were heavily attacked, the Fifth New York were sent out to support them. These two regiments, commanded by Major Hammond, attacked the enemy and drove him back, then retired slowly toward Culpeper Court-House, bringing off in safety the infantry that had been left on the road.

a squadron of the Second New York Cavalry was sent out from the Court-House on our arrival to reconnoiter the road by which the brigade came in. On their return they were attacked by the enemy in force, and returning through Culpeper Court-House, after the Fifth New York and First [West] Virginia had joined the brigade, were attacked in flank and nearly cut off. I regret to say that the two officers with the squadron, Captain Griggs and Lieutenant Shafer, were both lost, Captain Griggs killed and Lieutenant Shafer wounded and a prisoner. Firs Sergeant Barker, of Company A, then took command of the squadron, and by a vigorous charge broke through the rebel lines, brought in the whole command with a loss of but 5 men. For his gallantry and good conduct on this occasion, Sergeant Barker merits the praise of his officers, nd he has shown himself eminently deserving of promotion, for which he has been recommended by the commanding officer of his regiment.

After passing through Culpeper Court-House, under the direction of the general commanding division, I fell back toward Brandy Station, having the right of the road, the Second Brigade being on the left. My rear was brought up by the Second New York, with their skirmishers thrown to the rear, firing and then retiring, my right flank protected by the First Vermont Cavalry, Colonel Sawyer, who had been temporarily attached to my command. The enemy followed me very closely, skirmishing heavily with my rear guard, which, however, held its ground well, and did not give back an inch except when ordered.

25 R R-VOL XXIX, PT I

