
On nearing Brandy Station we found the enemy had got between us and General Buford's command, and the Second Brigade was advanced to the front to charge. As they went forward I placed a section of my battery in position and opened fire on the enemy, who fell back before the Second Brigade toward my right flank. At the same moment a column of at least a brigade came down at full speed on my left, and a charge was made on the Second New York in my rear. I sent Colonel Sawyer with the First Vermont to my right, and with the Eighteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry charged the rebels on the left, at the same time ordering Lieutenant-Colonel Harhaus. Second New York, to attack the enemy in my rear. All of these movements I am happy to say were most successful, and we repulsed the rebels at every point, and in another moment my battery, supported by the Fifth New York, had followed in the road cut out by the second Brigade, and gained a position of comparative safety where it could be of assistance to me.

I held the First [West] Virginia Cavalry in reserve until my other regiments had returned from the charges I had ordered, and opened with their rifles a heavy fire upon a column of the enemy advancing from the woods to attack the Second Brigade as that was returning from a successful charge. After this, a description of the engagement is hardly practicable, as it consisted of a series of gallant charges made wherever the enemy appeared, in a manner that proved both the individual gallantry and the thorough discipline of our troops.

My battery, under Captain Elder, was posted on my right flank and rear, and pouring shot and shell into the enemy's ranks, contributed in a great degree o our success. At one time the enemy attempted to charge the battery in flank, but the support, a battalion of the Fifth New York, under Major White, charged gallantly to the rescue and drove them back with heavy loss. After this I received orders to retain my command behind the line of the Second Brigade and reform them, which was done, and I then held a position under cover of which the Second Brigade withdrew and again took up position near the river. Here I was not engaged beyond some artillery firing and a severe skirmish on my left flank, which the enemy endeavored to turn. The Fifth New York Cavalry, led by Major Hammond, repelled this attack, and no further demonstration was made against my command. This being concluded, I crossed the railroad bridge at Rappahannock Station and went into camp in that neighborhood.

The following day, October 12, I moved my command to Bealeton Station and camped near the wagon train of the army parked at that place.

At daylight on the morning of the 13th, I moved out to Fayetteville, and there relieved from picket duty for a few hours a brigade of General Gregg's command. I then marched on the flank of the Second Army Corps to Buckland Mills, which I reached about 11 p. m., where I went into camp and threw out pickets toward Warrenton, Greenwich, and Centreville.

The next day, October 14, covering the rear of the division, I marched to Sudley Springs and went into camp. On leaving Buckland Mills, a column of infantry came in sight, and their skirmishers attacked my rear guard, consisting of the Eighteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, who repulsed them with slight loss.

October 15, I moved my brigade to the north bank of Bull Run,

