
and bivouacked near the Stone Bridge, picketing at New Market, Groveton, and on the Braddock road, toward Aldie.

October 16, the enemy having advanced his pickets to Groveton, I moved out to that point, attacked and drove them back as far as Gainesville. Night coming on prevented farther pursuit.

October 17, again skirmished with the enemy's outposts, driving them back without loss on our side, and moved my command to Carter's farm, near Sudley Springs, picketing toward Hay Market, Thoroughfare Gap, and a line from Bull run to the Little River turnpike. I sent scouting parties to Thoroughfare Gap and to Aldie, who reported on the following day. they observed cavalry in considerable bodies moving west, through Thoroughfare Gap, and at Aldie learned that Stuart had passed through that place toward Gum Springs and returned early in the morning of the 18th.

In the afternoon of the 18th, I moved out on the Gainesville road and attacked the enemy's pickets and drove them as far as Gainesville. Here we halted for the night.

On the following day, October 19, I followed General Custer's brigade to Buckland Mills, where he attacked and drove the enemy across Broad Run. At this point I was directed to take the advance, to move forward as far as New Baltimore, which point I was to hold, and then proceed as far as practicable in the direction of Warrenton.

After advancing a mile beyond Buckland Mills I encountered the enemy's vedettes, who fell back slowly before my skirmishers. I drove them through New Baltimore and occupied the hills beyond. At New Baltimore I learned that Fitzhugh Lee's division of cavalry had turned to the right and gone off toward Thoroughfare Gap.

As I gained a position beyond New Baltimore I heard cannonading in my rear, and at the same moment was told by an officer of General Kilpatrick's staff that the enemy had appeared on our left and rear, and that I was directed to halt where I was and await further instructions. The firing in my rear growing heavier, I took the responsibility of countermarching my command, returning toward Buckland Mills, at the same time directing the Second New York Cavalry, which had the advance, to hold their ground for some time and then retire slowly, covering my rear.

Arriving within 1 mile of Buckland Mills, I learned that the enemy's infantry had driven General Custer's command across Broad Run, and held the bridge and fords at the mills. At the same time a column of infantry, coming in on my right from the direction of Auburn, threw out skirmishers and attacked my column. I sent out the Fifth New York, under Major Hammond, to hold them in check, which was successfully done.

I sent forward my wagons, artillery, and the rest of my column to the left, with instructions to cross Broad Run and make toward Hay Market, and then, with the First [West] Virginia Cavalry and the Second New York, attacked and drove back the rebel cavalry that were charging my rear. This done, I ordered the whole command across Broad Run, and moved through the fields and woods toward Hay Market. I struck the pike from Gainesville, through Thoroughfare Gap, about a mile below Hay Market, outside the pickets of the First Army Corps, just in time to check Lee's cavalry, which were coming down through the Gap to cut off my brigade. I at once placed my guns in position, and rallying my command, met and drove back his attack. I must here express my acknowledgments

