
to the general commanding the division, who personally led several charges, and directed the formation and disposition of the men. I then fell back to Gainesville and went into camp.

I take occasion to mention the following officers for the distinguished gallantry displayed by them:

Majors Hammond and White, of the Fifth New York Cavalry, at James City, Brandy Station, and New Baltimore.

Major Van Vorhis, of the Eighteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, who fell badly wounded while gallantly charging at the head of his regiment at Brandy Station.

Captain Downing, of the Second New York Cavalry, who being cut off, with 50 skirmishers, at Brandy Station, charged through a column of rebel cavalry, and then through their infantry, and though hotly pursued and cut off from crossing the Rappahannock at Kelly's and Ellis' Fords, succeeded in making his way over Richards' Ford, and the following day rejoined his regiment bringing in his entire command. I particularly request that the name of this officers may be forwarded to headquarters of the army with a statement of the service he rendered, that he may receive in general orders the approbation he so richly deserves.

I also desire particularly to mention Dr. Capehart, of my staff, to whose knowledge of the country, and exertions in bringing the column through, I am in a great degree indebted for the preservation of my command.

I would also refer to Lieutenant Boice, Fifth New York Cavalry, who, at the request of the general commanding division, made, while the command lay near Sudley Springs, two scouts to Thoroughfare Gap and to Aldie, obtaining much valuable information which at the time was forwarded to headquarters.

My loss in material is very slight, comprising only two army wagons, one lost on the retreat from Culpeper, and the other in falling back from Buckland near New Baltimore. the team of the first was saved. This resulted in both cases from the fact that our horse teams have been taken away and the command supplied with mules of a very inferior quality. One ambulance also had to be abandoned in falling back from New Baltimore. The wagons and ambulance were burned up, so that the enemy derived no advantage from them. A forge, belonging to the Second New York Cavalry (the team of which was shot), and which was left on the road from New Baltimore, as well as a limber-chest of Elder's battery, with ammunition, have both been brought in in safety.

I send herewith a list of killed, wounded, and missing for the period over which this report extends.

Respectfully,

H. E. DAVIES, JR.,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain L. G. ESTES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

