
I will order the Tenth [West] Virginia Infantry and the Second [West] Virginia Mounted Infantry, of your command, to form a junction with you at Huntersville upon your arrival there. If the information received by your does not cause you to decide that such a movement is impracticable, you will leave the Tenth [West] Virginia Infantry at Huntersville, and proceed with your cavalry and mounted infantry to Lewisburg, Greenbrier County, and dispose of any force of the enemy that may be there stationed.

The laws library of the court of appeals of Virginia will be taken and brought to Beverly. Great care will be exercised by the officer placed in charge that the books are not lost or injured. Transportation will be pressed if necessary.

From Lewisburg you will move with your command back to Beverly and from there report by telegraph. Stringent measures will be adopted, if necessary, to prevent straggling or interference with private property of citizens by the soldiers of the command while on the expedition.

By order of Brigadier-General Kelley, commanding department:

THAYER MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

NEW CREEK, W. VA.,

August 14, 1863.

Brigadier-General AVERELL,

At Petersburg:

SIR: Your note of the 12th received last night. You will receive with this an order for an expedition to Huntersville and Lewisburg. General Scammon is apprehensive that there is some force at Lewisburg which contemplates a movement on his outpost. I think it good policy, therefore, to dispose of that before we make any movement on Staunton. You will, therefore, as promptly as possible, carry out the orders sent to-day. I have ordered Colonel Mulligan to post one company at Burlington, one at Williamsport, and to move with the balance of the First Brigade, and occupy Moorefield and Petersburg.

After you have accomplished the objects of this expedition, and you have rested and recruited your men and horses at Beverly, at which point I will cause ample supplies to be sent, or can then move back to Monterey, and from that point operate against Staunton or Imboden, as may be deemed best. Moor has not yet reported Jackson's location, but we know it is near Huntersville, probably somewhere about the Little Levels. Dr. Scoules and party report that Colonel Dunn was reported at or near Crab Bottom, with a regiment of infantry. I think it doubtful.

The assistant quartermaster informs me he sent you ten kegs of horse-shoes, which will arrive to-day; will send horse shoe nails by the next train, and that he has ordered clothing for you from Wheeling, which he reports to arrive to-night.

Move as soon as you possibly can. It is impossible to furnish Ewing with horses to mount his men for this expedition. You will move early in the morning and late at night, and rest your men and horses in the middle of the day.

