
time, Colonel Alger, of the Fifth Michigan Cavalry, who held the extreme left of my line, moved forward with one battalion of his regiment under the gallant Major Clark, and charged the enemy's battery. The charge, although daring in the extreme, failed for want of sufficient support. It was successful so far, however, as to compel the enemy to shift the position of his battery to a more retired point. Night setting in prevented us from improving the advantages we had gained. Most of my command rested on their arms during the night.

Early in the morning I retired on the road leading to Culpeper, which point I reached without molestation from the enemy. It was not until the rear of my column was leaving the town that the enemy made his appearance and attempted, unsuccessfully, to harass my rear guard. On the hills north of the town I placed my command in position to receive an attack. The enemy not feeling disposed to accept the invitation, I retired on the road leading to Rappahannock Station. My column had scarcely began the march before the officer commanding the rear guard, Colonel Mann, of the Seventh Michigan Cavalry, reported the enemy to be pressing him closely. At the same time, a strong column was seen on my outer flank, evidently attempting to intercept our line of march to the river. The vigorous attacks now being made upon my rear guard compelled me to place my battery at the head of the column and to employ my entire force to keep the enemy from my guns.

My advance had reached the vicinity of Brandy Station, when a courier hastened back with the information that a brigade of the enemy's cavalry was in a position directly in my front, thus cutting us completely off from the river. Upon examination I learned the correctness of the report. The heavy masses of the rebel cavalry could be seen covering the heights in front of my advance (where it is remembered that my rear guard was hotly engaged with a superior force), a heavy column was enveloping each flank, and my advance confronted by more than double my own number. The perils of my situation can be estimated. Lieutenant Pennington at once placed his battery in position and opened a brisk fire, which was responded to by the guns of the enemy. The major-general commanding the Cavalry Corps at this moment rode to the advance. To him I proposed with my command to cut through the force in my front, and thus open away for the entire command to the river. My proposition was approved, and I received orders to take my available force and push forward.

Leaving the Sixth and Seventh Michigan Cavalry to hold the force in rear in check, I formed the Fifth Michigan Cavalry on my right in column of battalions; on my left I formed the First Michigan Cavalry in column of squadrons. After ordering them to draw their sabers, I informed them that we were surrounded, and all we had to do was to open a way with our sabers. They showed their determination and purpose by giving our sabers. They showed their determination and propose by giving three hearty cheers. At this moment the band struck up the inspiring air of Yankee Doodle, which excited the enthusiasm of the entire command to the highest pitch and made each individual member feel as if he was a host in himself. Simultaneously both regiments moved forward to the attack. It required but a glance at the countenances of the men to enable me to read the settled determination with which they undertook the task before them. The enemy, without waiting to receive the onset, broke in disorder and fled. After a series of brilliant charges, during which

