
my battery. Pennington continued to fire until the enemy were within 20 yards of his guns. He was then compelled to limber up and retire to the north bank of Broad Run. The other portions of the command followed. The First Michigan Cavalry was entrusted with the duty of covering the movement, a task which was gallantly performed. My command being very much exhausted, I returned to the vicinity of Gainesville, where I encamped for the night.

Major Clark, Fifth Michigan Cavalry, was detached from his regiment with one battalion. When the command retired to the north bank of Broad Run, he with a small portion of his battalion, became separated from the rest of the command and were captured by the enemy.

Computing my losses from the 9th instant, I find them to be as follows:

Casualties.	 Officers.	 Enlisted	 Total.

 	 men.

Killed.	 ...	 9	 9

Wounded.	 2	 41	 43

Missing.	 8	 154	 162

Aggregate.	 ...	 ...	 214

Before closing my report I desire to make honorable mention of the highly creditable manner in which both officers and men of my command have discharged their duty during the long, arduous marches, as well as in the hard-fought engagements of the past few days. Too much praise cannot be given to the officers and men of Battery M, Second U. S. Artillery, for the gallantry displayed on more than one occasion.

For the untiring zeal and energy, added to the unflinching bravery displayed in transmitting and executing my orders upon the field, my acknowledgments are due to the following members of my staff:

Captain R. F. Judson, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant R. Baylis, acting aide-de-camp; Lieutenant William Colerick, aide-de-camp; and to Lieutenant E. G. Granger, acting assistant adjutant-general.

Lieutenant Granger, while heading a charge at Brandy Station, had his horse shot in two places. Surgeon Wooster, of my staff, in addition to his professional duties, rendered me valuable assistance by aiding in transmitting my orders.

Respectfully submitted.

G. A. CUSTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Brigade.

Captain L. G. ESTES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 90. Reports of Colonel Edward B. Sawyer, First Vermont Cavalry.

GROVETON, VA.,

October 24, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with your request that a report be made to you of the part taken by this regiment in the campaigns in which it

