
participates, I have the honor to submit the following reports of its transactions on the 10th and 11th instant.

On the 10th instant, I received orders to report with my regiment at General Kilpatrick's headquarters, near James City. The regiment had returned from picket duty on the Rappahannock on the 28th of September, and had been since that date resting in camp near Wayland's Mills. Upon my arrival at General Kilpatrick's headquarters, I found the enemy in possession of James City, Thoroughfare Mountain, and the Racecourse. I was ordered to support Lieutenant pennington's battery (M, Second U. S. Artillery) with my own and the Sixth Michigan Cavalry Regiment. The battery took position on a commanding eminence on the Culpeper road, about a mile from James City. Deploying a squadron of the First Vermont carbineers as skirmishers, I formed the two regiments in a ravine in the rear of the battery, under cover, the battery engaging the enemy's battery, and occasionally throwing a few shells into the woods at points where the enemy's sharpshooters became troublesome, continued to fire rapidly until the rebels withdrew their guns, and until it was quite dark. About 9 p. m. I received instructions to hold this position until further orders. Throwing a strong picket to the front, I allowed the men to sleep upon their arms, which for our arm of the service, means to lie upon the ground, holding the bridle and keeping in readiness to leap into the saddle at a moment's notice. No demonstrations made during the night.

At 4 o'clock next morning I was ordered to report with my regiment to General Davies, commanding First Brigade. I found him on the same road about 2 miles toward Culpeper. At daylight our retreat commenced. There was no appearance of the enemy in our rear until we had reached Culpeper. Near Culpeper I was directed to rejoin my brigade at that place; one section of Lieutenant Pennington's battery, under Lieutenant Egan, accompanies me. I took up position on the hill immediately south of Culpeper, on the Orange Court-House road, and in about on hour was joined by General Custer, with the other regiments of the brigade and the other section of the battery. Here General Custer received orders to move his brigade immediately through the town and across the run, which was done, my regiment and the First Michigan bringing up the rear, the brigade band playing the saucy air of Yankee Doodle to the inhabitants, in whose countenance we could plainly read the expression "good riddance." Here for the first time during the day the rebels appeared, and in strong force well on our left flank.

I immediately formed my regiment in line of battle on the crest of the hill on the right of the road, where we remained for half an hour, the batteries of both parties maintaining a furious fire over our heads. I was again ordered to report to General Davies, which I did, again forming in line of battle a little to the rear of the first position, and facing to the left, then to the right, and soon to the front or rear, rapidly changing positions, deploying skirmishers, and looking pretty generally sharp for the enemy, for he now appeared ubiquitous. I was then ordered to call in my skirmishers, and informed that the whole command was to commence falling back "as fast as possible."

From this point to near Brandy Station orders came to me in such rapid succession that if I executed all of them I cannot recollect them. On the left of the railroad were broad, open fields, without fences,

