
and a fine country for cavalry formations. I was ordered to march upon the right of the road, and the orders I received seemed to imply that the general supposed I had a similar fine field to operate upon, but quite the reverse was true. I would receive an order to march in column of battalions or squadrons, for instance, when I could hardly march by fours, heavy oak woods reaching nearly to the road on our right the greater part of the way, such was the nature of the road and country for several miles. But the great desideratum now seemed to be to get back, and this we accomplished in the best order we could, considering the nature of the difficulties, and emerging into the open fields, at length for a mile or so had sufficient room to march in column of battalions, which we did, moving with the whole command at a rapid rate.

The scene began to grow interesting. It was seen that we were not only flanked on both right and left, and closely pressed in the rear, but right across the road we desired to travel we were confronted by a strong force-that we were surrounded. We now supported the right of Captain Elder's battery, who directed his attention to the columns of rebel cavalry, infantry, and artillery on the east of the road. I was then ordered to recross the railroad, having crossed a little previously to the left, and again cover the right of General Davies' brigade. The road is here built upon an embankment, raised, I should judge, 10 feet above the surrounding ground, so that while we were on the left of the road we had a very good cover from the enemy's batteries, but we had to cross this embankment, and form under a terrible fire at point-blank range.

We reformed in columns of squadrons, and moving up on parallel lines with the cavalry on our left, came to a run with steep banks, compelling us to break by fours to cross it, and reform again on the other side in column of squadrons. Here a great many stragglers from other regiments rushed wildly by us. Several horses being wounded became unmanageable, and, communicating their excitement to others, considerable disorder was likely to ensue. I halted the command and addressed a few words to the officers and men. The majors deliberately dressed their battalions and the regiment moved on, passed the station, and came into line of battle in splendid order, eliciting the warm compliments of General Kilpatrick, who personally witnessed the maneuver.

We were now ordered to support a section of Captain Elder's battery, and formed on its left. The scene had become wild and exciting. We had formed a junction with Buford. The batteries of the two divisions, and more than an equal number of guns on the rebel side (in all, probably forty), were vigorously playing. Charges and countercharges were frequent in every direction, and as far as the eye could see over the vast rolling field were encounters by regiments, by battalions, by squads, and by individuals, in had-to-hand conflict.

We were not allowed to remain long as idle lookers on. General Custer, with the other regiments of the Second Brigade, had made a magnificent charge, but finding the rebel line formed beyond a ditch too wide of his horses to leap, had, after the exchange of a few rounds, been obliged to retire in considerable disorder. The rebels, seeing this disorder, were coming in strong force from the woods on our left, aiming for Captain Elder's guns, which we were supporting. The regiment obeyed the order to charge with more than their usual alacrity. The enemy was held in check until the guns took up

