
another position. The contest was sharp and severe, my loss in killed, wounded, and missing being 3 officers and 29 men. To charge into woods with the saber against cavalry supported by infantry or dismounted cavalry requires high courage, and is against immense odds, but not one faltered, officers or men. After this charge, the regiment reformed under a heavy fire from the enemy's artillery, and took its full share in the subsequent scenes of the day.

I have to say generally that the officers and men conducted themselves most creditably. Lieutenant-Colonel Preston rendered me valuable assistance in commanding skirmishers and the rear guard, and Majors Hall, Wells, and Bennett, by their example of coolness and bravery, inspired the men with confidence and courage. Captain C. A. Adams, who is reported with the missing, and who is always enthusiastic and brave, seemed inspired on this day with an usual enthusiasm.

I take the following extract from the official report of General Kilpatrick to General Pleasonton:

In this retreat the Fifth New York, Major Hammond; the Second New York, Colonel Harhaus; and the First Vermont, Colonel Sawyer, were greatly distinguished.

We also received the warm thanks of Generals Custer and Davies, and honorable mention in their official reports.

In this engagement nearly the whole cavalry force of the armies of the Potomac and Virginia confronted each other, and, having a splendid field, undoubtedly exhibited the most magnificent display ever witnessed on this continent, and had it not been for the well-known fact that the rebels were heavily supported by infantry, or had the rebels displayed more ardor for the offensive after our junction with General Buford, it might have resulted in one of the most bloody cavalry fights in history.

I have reported but 1 killed in the list of casualties, Sergt. Jason A. Stone, of Company F, and honest, intelligent, and unassuming man, and a brave and faithful soldier, one who performed his whole duty at all times and under all circumstances, and whose bearing was always such as to command the respect and esteem of all. In his death his friends have met with a truly sad bereavement, and the regiment loses one of its number who ever reflected honor upon it.

We crossed the Rappahannock, and bivouacked about 2 miles from the river, unsaddled, and the men had just got comfortably rolled in their blankets when I received orders to picket the Rappahannock from Ellis' Ford to United States Ford, with the First Vermont and Fifth Michigan Regiments, and to proceed as far as hartwood Church, if possible, which was accomplished before 8 o'clock the next morning, a part of the regiment marching over 33 miles after the fatigues of the previous day.

As this report is now too long, I will reserve for a future report some subsequent engagements, &amp;c.

The following is a list of casualties:*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD B. SAWYER,

Colonel, Commanding.

General PETER T. WASHBURN,

Adjutant and Inspector General, State of Vermont.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 killed, 4 wounded, and 27 missing.

---------------

