HEADQUARTERS FIRST VERMONT CAVALRY,October, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit the following additional report of the part enacted by this regiment in the recent campaign:

During the engagement at Brandy Station, on the 11th instant, Major Hall, not yet fully recovered from recent illness, was compelled to turn over his command to Major Bennett, who, in the absence of his own battalion, had been lately acting as my aide, rendering me valuable assistance on various occasions. I heard nothing from Major Hall after he left the field, until the 12th, when I learned that he had crossed the Rappahannock the night before, in advance of the column, and, ascertaining that the regiment had gone to Hartwood Church, had started, with a small detachment, to rejoin it near Morrisville, being erroneously informed by an infantry soldier (perhaps a spy or guerrilla in disguise) that I had camped a mile farther on. He left Lieutenant Grant to bring up the column, and rode forward with a single orderly to report to me. Neither himself nor orderly arrived, and it was feared he was captured by the guerrillas, who had lately lurked about that neighborhood.

About 3 o'clock on the morning of the 13th, I received orders to have my command, First Vermont and Fifth Michigan Regiments, at Morrisville by daylight, and moved out as soon as I could assemble the various detachments, joining the division at Bealeton Station at about 11 a. m. From this point we marched by a circuitous route, through woods and fields, toward Warrenton, covering the left flank of the Second Army Corps, and at about 10 p. m. bivouacked about 3 miles from Buckland Mills.

Early next morning we were aroused by the noise of artillery and musketry, and the whole division marched back in the direction of the firing, but finding our assistance not required in repelling the attack, resumed the march, via Buckland Mills to Gainesville, my regiment having the post of honor until we passed the First Brigade at the former place. At Gainesville the division was in order of battle for several hours awaiting and expecting an attack, but not receiving it. Afterward we moved to Sudley Church, upon the Bull Run battle-ground, where we were re-enforced by General Merritt's brigade of regular troops, and covered the flank of our army during this day and the next. The division remained on and about this field until the 18th instant, doing guard duty and having occasional skirmishes with the enemy, who was now in force at Gainesville, and had thrown forward his grand guards as far as Groveton, near the southern border of the field.

At about 4 p. m. on Sunday (18th), I was ordered to advance as rapidly as possible toward Gainesville by the New Market road, which diverges from the direct turnpike toward the left, and converging, unites with it again near Gainesville. I immediately threw forward one company (I) as skirmishers, who very soon encountered the enemy. The whole of the First Battalion soon became engaged, Major Bennett and Lieutenant-Colonel Preston pressing the enemy vigorously, and Major Wells keeping his reserve battalion well up to the skirmish line. In a few moments the rebels broke and fled precipitately, we pursuing them so hotly that General Custer said he lost us.

At the junction of the roads we were joined by the Second New York, which had advanced by the turnpike and drove the enemy

