
upon his reserve at Gainesville. It was now dark, and as he presented a very formidable line of fire, we were ordered to attempt no farther advance, but to hold the woods until further orders. This kept the regiment on duty through the entire night, a cold and rainy one, and next morning, in the hope of relieving the men, I sent word to General Custer that I would drive the enemy from Gainesville in ten minutes, if permitted. His reply was, "Drive them out as soon as you please." Major Bennett immediately deployed his battalion, Major Wells supporting. The enemy threw forward a strong skirmish line, as if he had at least a brigade in reserve, but, suspecting a ruse, I pushed forward the battalion rapidly. Company L, having no officer with them, seemed at first to hesitate, upon my sending them Lieutenant Clark, of Company F, they rallied and advanced gallantly. With this trifling exception, the galling fire to which we were exposed did not for a moment check us, but the men went in with hearty cheers and nobly redeemed my promise. The enemy, who had thrown his whole strength into his skirmish line, fled too rapidly to be overtaken. I lost no men and but few horses. I extract the following from General Custer's official report of this affair:

The First Vermont Cavalry, under Colonel Sawyer, deserve great credit for the rapidity with which they forced the enemy to retire.

But our success did not bring us the rest I had hoped, to even time to make coffee. The road being now cleared, an immediate advance of the division was ordered, with the purpose of occupying Warrenton, near Buckland Mills. However, it was found that the enemy occupied a strong position before us, and was prepared with artillery to dispute our farther progress. I was now ordered to support Pennington's battery, when it was evident we would be attacked upon our left flank. Captain Pennington advanced in that direction, and opened a brisk and (as we then thought and the event proved) a destructive fire. I formed my regiment in column of squadrons upon his left, pushing it well forward, and deploying two companies of dismounted carbineers, who skirmished with the enemy until some time after the guns were withdrawn. We were exposed here to very heavy fire from the large force which was brought against the guns, but from its too great elevation, escaped with slight loss.

Seeing the battery safely withdrawn, and that I was opposed by both infantry and cavalry, in superior force, and rapidly advancing in front and upon both flanks, I ordered the regiment to be withdrawn across Broad Run, which was done in excellent order.

Toward night, I was ordered to watch the enemy upon our right, and immediately engaged him with skirmishers until the brigade had reached the turnpike and was in full retreat. While we were coming off, the enemy pursued us with great vigor, charging our rear and shelling the column.

My loss during the whole series of engagements and skirmishes, since the 10th instant, has been providentially small.

My field and staff officers have uniformly shown their usual coolness and gallantry. I would particularly mention Majors Wells and Bennett for good behavior on he 18th, the latter remaining in rear, under heavy fire, until all the skirmishers were safely across the bridge, the former displaying great energy and coolness in keeping perfect order in the column during the retreat. Captains Ray and Hazelton, Lieutenant Williams (commanding skirmishers), and

