
The law library at Lewisburg was purchased for the western part of the State, and of course rightfully belongs to the new State of West Virginia. Our judges need it very much.

Please advise me by messengers when you move, so I can advise Moor and Scammon. I will, if possible, cause Scammon to communicate with you at Lewisburg. I may be compelled to go to Harper's Ferry to-morrow. If I do, however, any communication will reach me through Captain Melvin, who will be either here or at Cumberland. With promptness and energy, I have no doubt of your entire success.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-I suggest to take ten days' rations of hard bread, sugar, and coffee, and nothing else.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

NEW CREEK, W. VA.,

August 14, 1863-2 p. m.

Brigadier-General AVERELL,

At Petersburg:

Your note of yesterday just received. On inquiry I find that your commissary, Koenisberger, has not drawn any salt for your command. I have ordered plenty to be sent you this p. m.; also a lot of cavalry pants. I am now after the ordnance officer with a sharp stick for the ammunition. The nails will be sent as soon as they arrive.

Order the signal officers to report to Colonel Mulligan when you leave, so we can keep up communication with Petersburg.

Colonel Moor reports Jackson near Huntersville, with 1,200 or 1,400 men. He probably has about one-half that number. It will be impossible for me to furnish you with horses. I have ordered 300 sent to Scammon. Take all the good cavalry horses you can find; or, rather, direct your assistant quartermaster to do so and give the proper vouchers.

The Surgeon-General directs me to detail Dr. Sherman as medical director for my department, to act until the arrival of Dr. McCormick. You will, therefore, please order Dr. Sherman to report in person at my headquarters in Clarksburg.

If you require the services of a surgeon, I will send you Dr. Stewart, who has just reported for duty.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

