
until he reached his infantry support at Hay Market and Gainesville. Two hundred prisoners, with horses, arms, and equipments, and eight wagons and ambulances, were captured.

R. E. LEE.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, October 23, 1863.

GENERAL: In advance of a detailed report, I have the honor to submit, for the information of the Department, the following outline of the recent operations of this army:

With the design of bringing on an engagement with the Federal army, which was encamped around Culpeper Court-House, extending thence to the Rapidan, this army crossed that river on the 9th instant and advanced by way of Madison Court-House. Our progress was necessarily slow, as the march was by circuitous and concealed roads, in order to avoid the observation of the enemy. General Fitz. Lee, with his cavalry division and a detachment of infantry, remained to hold our line south of the Rapidan. General Stuart, with Hampton's division, moved on the right of the column. With a portion of his command, he attacked the advance of the enemy near James City on the 10th,and drove them back toward Culpeper.

Our main body arrived near that place on the 11th instant, and discovered that the enemy had retreated toward the Rappahannock, removing or destroying his stores. We were compelled to halt during the rest of the day to provision the troops, but the cavalry under General Stuart continued to press the enemy's rear guard toward the Rappahannock.

A large force of Federal cavalry, in the meantime, had crossed the Rapidan after our movement began, but was repulsed by General Fitz. Lee and pursued toward Brandy Station. Near that place the commands of Stuart and Lee united on the afternoon of the 11th, and after a severe engagement drove the enemy's cavalry across the Rappahannock with heavy loss.

On the morning of the 12th, the army marched in two columns with the design of reaching the Orange and Alexandria Railroad north of the river, and intercepting the retreat of the enemy. After a skirmish with some of the Federal cavalry at Jeffersonton, we reached the Rappahannock at Warrenton Springs in the afternoon, where the passage of the river was disputed by cavalry and artillery. The enemy was quickly driven off by a detachment of our cavalry, aided by a small force of infantry and a battery.

Early next morning (13th) the march was resumed,and the two columns reunited at Warrenton in the afternoon, where another halt was made to supply the troops with provisions.

The enemy fell back rapidly along the line of the railroad, and early on the 14th the pursuit was continued, a portion of the army moving by way of New Baltimore toward Bristoe Station, and the rest, accompanied by the main body of the cavalry, proceeding to the same point by Auburn Mills and Greenwich. Near the former place a skirmish took place between General Ewell's advance and the rear guard of the enemy, which was forced back and rapidly pursued.

