
you know, the march was a long and rapid one for infantry, not a single man straggled. Such uniform good conduct on the part of all I have, in my own mind, ascribed to the confidence inspired by the admirable skill and boldness with which the attack was planned and executed,and your own fearless exposure of your person in full view of the whole command.

Lieutenant-Colonel Lea, commanding my regiment (the Fifth North Carolina), reports Captain Thomas N. Jordan, Company F, and First Lieutenant C. E. C. Riddick, commanding Company B, as worthy of special mention,and Corpl. Andrew Overton, Company F, as exhibiting marked courage and daring.

Colonel Coleman compliments highly Adjt. John T. Gregory, Twelfth North Carolina, for gallant conduct at Morton's Ford, in volunteering with a party of 20 men to dislodge the enemy's sharpshooters from a barn where they had excellent shelter, and for the manner in which this was accomplished, and for repulsing a charge of superior numbers of the enemy by which he endeavored to regain his position.

The party was composed of volunteers from the detachment at Morton's Ford under the command of Colonel Toon, viz: Colonel Toon's Twentieth North Carolina, and five companies of the Twelfth North Carolina, under Colonel Coleman, and some of General Lomax's sharpshooters.

The names of the men of the Twentieth North Carolina are as follows: Sergt. B. A. Brown, Company I; Corpl. Charles W. Youst, Company A, and Privates Benjamin F. Blacknelder, Company A; Paul M. Faggart, John R. Bradford, J. A. Bradford, M. E. Cline, Company B; John Killett, Company E; W. J. Cotten, Company F; William Simmons and A. S. Carney, Company G; Ransom G. Hawley, Company H,and Charles H. Hall, Company I.

The names of the men of the Twelfth North Carolina in this party are not remembered by Lieutenant Gregory, except Private Robert J. Day, Company G, who acted his part very gallantly.

Private W. H. Pennell, Company D, among the slain of the Twenty-third North Carolina, is mentioned for heroic conduct.

The portion of the command which crossed at Raccoon Ford comprised the Fifth North Carolina, Lieutenant-Colonel Lea; the Twenty-Third North Carolina, Captain Bennett, and five companies of the Twelfth North Carolina, under Lieutenant-Colonel Davis. This was the portion of the brigade which made the charge upon the battery of the enemy near Stevensburg. The conduct of this part came under my observation and elicited my sincere admiration. The detachment under Colonel Toon (Twentieth North Carolina), composed of his own and five companies of the Twelfth North Carolina, under Colonel Coleman, is entitled to the same honorable mention. Where all performed their duty so nobly it is impossible to discriminate.

The adjutant-general (Captain D. P. Halsey) displayed his usual spirit and self-possession on the field.

I have only to add, general, that the officers of the brigade appreciate most sensibly the spirit of kindness manifested by you in securing to them the just meed of praise for their conduct.

I have the honor to be, general, your obliged and obedient servant,

THOS. M. GARRETT,

Colonel, Commanding Fifth North Carolina Troops.

Major General FITZHUGH LEE, Commanding Cavalry Division.

