
No. 96. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William S. Davis, Twelfth North Carolina Infantry.

OCTOBER 26, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to orders received, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by five companies (B, C, F, H, and K) of the Twelfth North Carolina Infantry under my command in the recent battle of the 11th instant, near Stevensburg, Va.:

I had been sent with this detachment to Somerville Ford on picket duty. On the morning of the 11th instant, I received an order from Colonel Garrett, commanding the brigade, to report without delay with my command to Raccoon Ford. On reaching this place I received an order to cross the rive,and move on as rapidly as possible in the direction of Stevensburg to a position on the field (the battle having already commenced between the cavalry) where Colonel Garrett was with a portion of the brigade. After moving forward about a mile and a quarter, along with the Fifth North Carolina, which had received similar orders, we came up with this portion of the brigade, consisting of the Twenty-third North Carolina only. The battalion under my command was placed on the right of the brigade, which immediately moved forward. Having advanced about 2 1/2 miles, with occasional halts for a short time, we came in view of the enemy with one piece of artillery strongly supported by cavalry, the whole being posted on a hill which have them a commanding position. Having changed direction to the right so as to present our front directly to this position, an advance was ordered, and as soon as we approached within 300 yards of the enemy, we charged forward with the brigade and drove them from their strong position.

Being without support on the right, and having moved quite rapidly in the charge, we were flanked on the right by a portion of the enemy's cavalry, which fired into our ranks with some effect. Being unable, from the nature of the ground in front and on the right, to discover their force, and thinking that we might probably be charged, I charged my front to the right and immediately sent to Colonel Garrett, informing him of the flank movement of the enemy, and also of the change which I had given my front. I then advanced upon the flanking party, which retired, and afterward, in obedience to orders, formed again upon the brigade.

In the meantime our cavalry came up on the right, and the enemy continued to fall back until they reached Stevensburg. The brigade was moved by the left flank across a field in full view of the artillery of the enemy, which opened upon us with but little effect, though we marched under these circumstances nearly half a mile toward a hill, where it was intended to place our artillery in position. I may here add that great credit is due the command for the manner in which this movement was executed. Seeing that our object would be accomplished, the enemy retired without being repulsed toward the Rappahannock,and were pursued by our cavalry. We then moved forward to a position near Brandy Station, where we halted for the night and joined the remainder of the regiment under Colonel Coleman.

Our casualties were few - 1 office and 8 men were wounded, more being killed, captured, or missing.

