
I cannot speak too highly of the gallant conduct of both men and officers on the field when actively engaged and number fire, nor can I fail to compliment them for the determined and resolute spirit with which they endured the fatigue of the march.

I have the honor to be, captain, with much respect, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM S. DAVIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain D. P. HALSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 97. Report of Brigadier General Armistead L. Long, C. S. Army, Chief of Artillery.

HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY, SECOND CORPS, January 30, 1864.

GENERAL: In compliance with your letter of November 30, 1863, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the artillery under my command, from its leaving the line of the Rapidan, October 8, 1863, to its return to that position:

Under instructions from Lieutenant-General Ewell, on the 8th of [October], I commenced the movement of the artillery of the Second Corps from its position on the Rapidan by advancing Brown's battalion, under Major Hardaway, to Orange Court-House, and Carter's and Nelson's battalions to Pisgah Church. On the 9th, a general advance of the Second Corps (Ewell's) was commenced in the direction of Orange Court-House. The whole of the artillery of this corps was put in motion with the infantry; Carter's battalion following Rodes', Andrews' following Johnson's, and Jones' following Early's division. The reserve artillery (Nelson's and Hardaway's battalions) moved in rear of the last division of the column. Passing through Orange Court-House, the mass of the artillery crossed the Rapidan at Barnett's Ford, proceeded in the direction of Madison Court-House, and encamped near Jack's Shop for the night. Jones' battalion, following Early, crossed the Rapidan at Peyton's Ford, also moving toward Madison Court-House.

On the 10th, the whole corps united near that place, and proceeded by a circuitous route in the direction of Culpeper Court-House where General Meade's army was lying in force. It was thought we would soon bring General Meade to an engagement,but on the morning of the 11th, when the head of our column reached Stone-House Mountain, it was discovered that the enemy had retreated toward Washington City, on the line of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad.

On the 12th, we were pushed forward to Warrenton Springs. The enemy's cavalry was found in some force at Jeffersonton, on the south side of the Rappahannock, but were soon forced to retire across that stream on Warrenton Springs, where our passage was opposed by a force of cavalry and a battery of artillery. Carter's battalion was put in position on the heights opposite, and soon forced the enemy to retire, leaving the ford and bridge unobstructed. Rodes then crossed with his infantry, and Carter's battalion followed and

27 R R-VOL XXIX, PT I

