
went into camp. Johnson's division also crossed about dark and took up a position for the night. Andrew's and Jones' battalions were posted on the south side of the Rappahannock so as to cover the bridge and ford. The Reserve Artillery was closed up, so as to be in readiness for action if the enemy should renew his opposition to our advance in the morning. The enemy not appearing, we continued our advance to the town of Warrenton.

Early on the morning of the 14th, a portion of the enemy's forces was discovered to be in position near Auburn, occupying a commanding ridge extending on both sides of the road passing through that place. His batteries were so placed as to command all the direct approaches. After an examination of the position, Carter's battalion was directed to a position on the right and ordered to occupy it, being supported by Rodes' division. Jones' battalion, in conjunction with Early's division, made a flank movement to the left to gain the enemy's rear. Andrews' battalion was ordered to occupy the center, and to operate with Johnson's division. Hardaway's and Nelson's battalions, under the command of Colonel Brown, were held in reserve to be applied at the most favorable points as soon as the forces should become engaged. It was soon discovered that the enemy's infantry was retreating, the artillery and cavalry remaining in position to cover it. The long-range of Andrews' battalion were ordered up and opened upon the enemy's batteries. Carter also came into action, and after a sharp cannonade forced them to retire. Jones' battalion reaching its position just as the enemy's guns retired, opened with two batteries upon the enemy's cavalry, which soon retreated beyond the range of his guns. In this affair the loss of either side was small. Andrews had 1 non-commissioned officer and 1 private wounded.

The road being cleared, we advanced to Bristoe Station. On arriving at that point the forces of Lieutenant General A. P. Hill were found engaged with the rear guard of the enemy. Finding that artillery was needed at one point on Hill's line, one battery of Jones' battalion (Tanner's) was brought into action with fine effect, causing a battery of the enemy to retire with loss. Captain Tanner, while gallantly fighting his battery, was seriously wounded in the knee. There were no other casualties in this battery. Night being near at hand, it was not deemed necessary to put in any more artillery. During the night the enemy retired from Bristoe. After remaining a day at Bristoe, the greater portion of the artillery was back to the Rappahannock. The whole army soon followed, and crossed the river on the 18th.

The Reserve Artillery and Jones' battalion were ordered into camp near Brandy Station, where they remained till the 4th of November. Andrews' and Carter's battalion were encamped near the railroad bridge till all the artillery of the Second Corps was withdrawn to the neighborhood of Cedar Mountain (November 4).

During the occupation of the line of the Rappahannock three batteries were kept on picket at the railroad bridge and one battery on picket at Kelly's Ford.

On the 26th of October, Captain Reese's battery (of Carter's battalion) engaged in a skirmish with the enemy's cavalry at Bealeton, in which the captain and 1 private were wounded.

On the 7th of November, the enemy advanced in large force, attacked our picket at Rappahannock bridge, captured a part of Hays' and Hoke's brigade and one battery (Green's, of Jones' battalion).

