
The report of this affair shows that the battery was gallantly fought till the infantry was overwhelmed. It was then forced to surrender. At the same time Kelly's Ford was attacked and Captain Massie's battery, on picket at that point, was forced to retire after a gallant resistance. (See Captain Massie's report.)*

The enemy having forced the passage of the Rappahannock, our forces retired, and on the 9th of November recrossed the Rapidan and re-occupied our former positions. For further details of these operations I would respectfully call attention to the accompanying reports.

Before closing my report, I am particularly desirous of expressing my gratification at the soldierly qualities displayed by the officers and men of my command. I ever found them obedient, active, and energetic, and enthusiastically anxious to meet the enemy. I am particularly indebted to Colonel Brown, Lieutenant-Colonels Andrews, Jones, Carter, and Nelson, and Major Hardaway and Braxton, for their cordial co-operation,and for the skillful and energetic management of their commands. I am also desirous of calling attention to my staff, Captain W. E. Cutshaw, acting assistant inspector-general; First Lieutenant S. V. Southall, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain F. P. Turner, assistant quartermaster; Captain William J. Armstrong, commissary subsistence; Chief Surg. J. A. Straith, and Captain Gregory, Ordnance Department. These officers were constantly with me,and were noted for activity and zeal in the performance of the duties of their respective departments. Captain S. Cooper joined me at Bristoe, and Captain W. A. Percy, assistant adjutant-general, joined at Rappahannock Station,and have rendered good service since joining.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. LONG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Artillery, Second Corps.

Brigadier General WILLIAM N. PENDLETON,

Chief of Artillery.

[Inclosure.]

List of officers and men killed and wounded in the artillery of the Second Corps in the various engagements, October 8 - November 9.

Officers.

Command.	 Killed.	 Wounded.

Andrews' battalion	 ---	 ----

Jones' battalion	 ---	 1

Carter's battalion	 ---	 1

Nelson's battalion	 ---	 ----

Hardaway's battalion	 ---	 ----

Total	 ---	 2

Enlisted men.

Command.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Remarks.

Andrews' battalion	 ---	 2	 At Auburn.

Jones' battalion	 ---	 ---	 At Bristoe.

Carter's battalion	 ---	 1	 At Bealeton.

Nelson's battalion	 ---	 9	 At Kelly's Ford; 1

 	 	 died next morning

 	 	 after wounded.

Hardaway's battalion	 1	 ---	 At Rappahannock

 	 	 bridge, a member of

 	 	 Rockbridge battery.

Total	 1	 12

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

