
UNION, 23D, VIA DUBLIN,

[August] 24, [1863.]

The enemy, reported 3,000 strong, including 1,200 cavalry, have been pressing Colonel W. L. Jackson back to the road from Huntersville to Warm Springs. At 8 o'clock last night he was 12 miles from Warm Springs and falling back. I have ordered such movements of troops from Lewisburg as I think will check them and frustrate their plans. They have a large train of wagons. I am apprehensive that the cavalry may be on a raid to the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad. I have no troops on that road. If six or seven good infantry companies can be sent from Richmond or elsewhere to New River Bridge, it should be done promptly.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

UNION VIA DUBLIN,

August 24, 1863.

SIR: The enemy has driven Colonel Jackson from Pocahontas, and is pursuing him back toward Warm Springs, another column moving down through Pocahontas on road to Lewisburg. The troops in the Kanawha Valley will, in all probability, advance. I am greatly in need of the troops I have sent east. Please order General Jenkins' and Colonel Wharton's brigades and my three field batteries back to me. I need them as soon as I can possibly get them.

SAM. JONES.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Indorsements.]

AUGUST 24, 1863.

Respectfully submitted to the President.

Should the instructions asked for-the return of the troops sent General Lee-be given? I doubt the expediency of the recall.

J. A. SEDDON.

It would be well to inform General Lee, who may provide in that or other ways for the contingency, if necessary.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

DRY CREEK, NEAR WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS,

August 27, 1863.

GENERAL: Your telegram of yesterday received. Will do my utmost to accomplish what you desire. Fought the enemy here yesterday from 9 a. m. to 7 p. m. Both sides hold this morning same position they took yesterday morning. Some desultory firing this morning early, and expect the fight to be renewed any minute. Enemy believed greatly outnumber me. Two pieces of my artillery disabled yesterday, leaves me but two for service to-day. My loss yesterday about 250; enemy's loss not known. Have telegraphed

