
mentioned until about 7 p.m., when we moved to Rapidan Station, and, recrossing the river at that point, moved to Raccoon Ford and reoccupied our position there.

Respectfully submitted.

W. NELSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Artillery Battalion.

Brigadier General A. L. LONG.

No. 99. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Hilary P. Jones, C. S. Army, commanding Artillery Battalion.

HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY BATTALION, January 29, 1864.

GENERAL: On the night of the 8th of October, 1863, we moved, by order from Somerville Ford, on the Rapidan,in the direction of Orange Court-House. We crossed the Rapidan the next day at Peyton's Ford and continued our march, following in rear of General Early's division,through the counties of Madison and Culpeper, crossing the Rappahannock at Warrenton Springs. We halted for the day at Warrenton, and moved out of camp at daybreak on the morning of the 14th. We came up with the enemy at Auburn early on the morning of the same day. In conjunction with General Early's division, we made a movement to gain the flank of the enemy. We did not reach the position sought for until the enemy had withdrawn nearly his entire force. I put two batteries (Garber's and Tanner's) in position,and fired a few shots at the enemy's cavalry as they withdrew.

We then moved rapidly from this point in the direction of Bristoe Station. Here we again came upon the enemy about 4 p.m. of the same day. We found General A. P. Hill's force actively engaging the enemy. Only one of my batteries was up, it having marched with the front of General Early's column. There being great need of additional artillery on General Hill's front, by order of General Long, I placed this battery (Captain Tanner's) in position on General Hill's right front. Captain Tanner engaged a battery of the enemy and succeeded in driving it off, receiving a disabling wound himself. When we were approaching the position for Tanner's battery, and we were in a narrow road,a portion of General Hill's line gave way in confusion, and the enemy's advancing forces came so near to this battery, that it was necessary to reverse and withdraw it to prevent its capture. The nature of the ground and the fire of the enemy's skirmishers rendered this very difficult to do with celerity.

I must express my gratification at the coolness and promptness of action shown both by the officers and men of this battery. Especially distinguished for coolness and presence of mind were Captain Tanner and Corporal Orange of the aforesaid battery. Captain Tanner was removed to Warrenton, and, owing to the nature of his wound, could not be removed when the army withdrew. I regret to say that he fell into the hands of the enemy.

The enemy withdrew during the night. After remaining a short time in camp near Bristoe Station, we crossed into Culpeper County

