
at the railroad bridge. We remained in camp near Brandy Station for some weeks.

I have the honor to herewith transmit the report* of Captain Carrington, who commanded the battalion from November 3, 1863, till the army recrossed the Rapidan.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Artillery Battalion.

Brigadier General A. L. LONG.

No. 100. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas H. Carter, C. S. Army, commanding Artillery Battalion, including operations September 13 - November 3.

HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY BATTALION, January 28, 1864.

GENERAL: In accordance with instructions from headquarters artillery Second Corps, I respectfully submit the following report of the operations of my battalion from the beginning to the close of the fall campaign:

On the 13th of September, I received orders to move my battalion in the direction of Orange Court-House,and to put myself in communication with General Rodes. On the 14th, my command joined the division near Somerville Ford, and I was immediately ordered to the assistance of General Early, whose artillery had not yet arrived, and who was then skirmishing with the enemy's cavalry at the river. Here the enemy was found in considerable force of cavalry and artillery. Four guns of my battalion were planted on the left of Halsey's house, and opened on a body of cavalry threatening the ford. The cavalry at once withdrew, but the enemy soon responded with eight pieces of artillery. After some delay, occasioned by the necessity of an examination of the ground, additional guns were brought to the assistance of the four already engaged,and the enemy's batteries were forced to retire. Owing to the disparity in the number of the guns in the early part of the engagement and the superiority of the enemy's ammunition, the loss sustained here was heavy for a skirmish of the kind, summing up 6 killed and 17 more or less severely wounded. Captain Carter calls attention to the good conduct and efficiency of Lieutenant Robinson and Privates James Allen and William Smithers.

My battalion remained in position at this ford until the 18th, when it moved to Morton's Ford. It there performed picket duty until the 8th of October, when it commenced the flank movement which ended in the battle at Bristoe Station. On the evening of the 12th of September [October], we reached the Rappahannock at Warrenton Springs, which was held by a small force of the enemy's cavalry, with one battery of artillery. The battalion was put in position and fired about twenty minutes, when the enemy withdrew, and our cavalry crossed to the north side of the river, followed the same evening by Rodes' division and my battalion.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

