
On the 14th, the division and battalion left camp at 4 a.m., and soon after daybreak came upon the outposts of the enemy on the road from Warrenton to Auburn. The picket being driven in, the enemy was seen posted on a high ridge to the right and left of Auburn with artillery and infantry. Two six-gun batteries, with their support, held the ridge on the left and three-quarters of a mile to the right, and on the same side of the creek with ourselves. One battery occupied the ridge on the right. No good position could be found here. The whole ground was exposed to a cross-fire from these batteries have been untenable. Your examination of the ground on the right of Rodes' division was more satisfactory, and I received orders to move my battalion to this part of the field. Here, after some delay, the sharpshooters were thrown forward to secure the ridge in front. The single battery of the enemy occupying it was withdrawn along with its support. The force on the left of Auburn was also reduced, leaving but one battery of six guns. Upon this battery a portion of Colonel Andrews' battalion now opened from a position near the Warrenton and Auburn road. A portion of my battalion also opened from the ridge gained by Rodes' sharpshooters, and this last battery of the enemy retired from the field. The accuracy of fire from my guns here was most satisfactory, attributable, in some measure, I think, to marking the time on the paper fuses previous to the engagement, and possibly to the fact the fuses were new. My battalion returned form Bristoe Station with General Early's division,performing some picket duty on the way.

On the 26th of October, Reese's battery, of my battalion, serving with Johnson's division, had a slight engagement with the enemy's cavalry at Bealeton, in which the captain and 1 man were wounded. On the 7th of November, my battalion was ordered from its encampment near Culpeper Court-House to Stevensburg. During the night it joined Rodes' division, and fell back to the base of Pony Mountain, where on the 8th we formed in line of battle. The night of the 8th, we recrossed the Rapidan and returned to the old camp near Morton's Ford. Here the battalion performed picket duty until the 27th.

On the 15th, Captain Carter, while on picket, engaged a small force of the enemy's and artillery. On the 26th, Captain Fry, while on picket, had a similar engagement.

On the 27th, the battalion moved with Rodes' division across Mine Run to a point near Locust Grove the same night recrossed Mine Run, and the next morning formed a line of battle on the west side of Mine Run. On the 30th, the enemy's batteries opened upon us, but owing to temporary works having been constructed but little damage was done. This fire was not responded to, but later in the day I opened with two batteries upon a body of skirmishers advancing, with considerable effect. We remained in line of battle without further incident worthy of note until the 2nd of December, when, the enemy having retreated during the previous night, we pursued them to the neighborhood of Germanna Ford. On the 3rd of December,we returned to the old camp at Morton's Ford. This ended the active operations of my battalion for the fall campaign.

I take advantage of this occasion to call attention to the very defective ammunition furnished for the Parrott gun. The projectiles tumble to such an extent as seriously to impair the service of the gun. I would also respectfully suggest, in this connection, that the paper fuses be marked and numbered for each second at the laboratory,

