
and that they be put in such manner as entirely to exclude the dampness. A strict uniformity in the quality and quantity of the charges of powder would greatly increase the accuracy of fire.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. H. CARTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Artillery Battalion.

General A. L. LONG,

Commanding Artillery, Second Corps.

No. 101. Report of Major Carter M. Braxton, C. S. Army,commanding Artillery Battalion, including the Mine Run Campaign.

HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY BATTALION, January 28, 1864.

GENERAL: Having recently taken command of this battalion, I shall have to confine myself to such data as has been furnished me by the battery commanders in making the report called for by you of the operations of this command since October 9, 1863.

An order was received by Lieutenant Colonel R. S. Andrews, then in command of this battalion, from General Long, on the 9th of October, 1863, directing him to report with his battalion to Major General Edward Johnson,and to operate with his division. This was done, and the battalion, taking its place in column, moved with the division without being engaged at any point until it reached Auburn, near Catlett's Station, on the morning of the 14th of October, where the enemy was found to be in position. The long-range guns were at once ordered up, consisting of two 3-inch rifles, commanded by Captain Carpenter; two 10-pounder Parrotts, commanded by Lieutenant Chew; one 3-inch and one 10-pounder Parrott, commanded by Lieutenants Hardwicke and Early, which were placed in position on the left of the road leading to Auburn, and supported by two 20-pounder Parrotts, commanded by Lieutenant Statham, and were ordered to open upon the enemy, directing their fire upon the batteries occupying a commanding hill to the left of Auburn. This order was given about 10 a.m., and the fire was continued about an hour, during which time Colonel Carter, having gained a position to our right and front, opened an enfilade fire upon the same point engaged by this battalion. This concentrated and cross-fire soon caused the enemy to retire, inflicting a loss upon this command of 1 non-commissioned officer and 1 private wounded. All the officers and men acted with their usual coolness and gallantry.

Private John S. Sawyers, of Carpenter's battery, deserves particular mention for having prevented the explosion of a limber by promptly seizing a burning cartridge, ignited by the enemy's fire, and throwing it from out the limber before it could explode.

The line of march having been resumed, the battalion took its place in rear of its division, where it remained until reaching Bristoe Station. In returning to the south side of the Rappahannock it moved in front of Johnson's division, and was detached after reaching a point near Brandy Station. In moving to the south bank of the Rapidan, Carpenter's battery was detached and sent with Johnson's division, crossing at Somerville Ford, while the remaining batteries

