
of the battalion crossed at Rapidan Station, by way of Slaughter's Mountain, the battalion returning to and camping on the 9th of November at the camp abandoned by it on the 9th of October.

This battalion, on the 27th of November, 1863, at 4 a.m., by orders from Colonel J. T. Brown, moved from its camp near Morton's Ford and joined Johnson's division near Humes' house. From this point, on the same day, the division moved toward Locust Grove, via Bartlett's Mills. Carpenter's battery was detached and thrown forward with Jones' brigade, the three remaining batteries of the battalion marching in rear of the Stonewall Brigade, the third in column.

As the battalion was passing the junction of this road with the one leading from Jacob's Ford, an attack was made by the enemy's right (he having formed his line of battle perpendicular to the road upon which he was marching, Jacob's Ford road, and nearly parallel to our line of march) upon the rear of the ambulance train of the division, which was immediately in rear of the battalion. The country being almost an unbroken forest the battalion was retired at once to a small field to the right of the road, where it came into battery until a position could be selected and the intentions of the enemy ascertained. At 4 p.m. a section of Napoleons from Carpenter's battery was placed in position at the junction of the road from Bartlett's Mills to Locust Grove with the road from Jacobs' Ford, in the woods. It opened fire and kept it up until 7.30 o'clock,when it was retired. A section of Napoleons from the First Maryland Battery,commanded by Lieutenant Hill, was ordered to report to Colonel J. T. Brown, and was placed in position on the left of General Stafford's brigade by him. This section was engaged but a short time when the enemy pressed our left wing back, necessitating the withdrawal of these guns under a heavy flank fire from infantry. As our left receded, our right advanced, turning, as it were, upon Carpenter's position at a point, exposing his left flank while he was hotly engaged in front. This caused him to fire to the left, changing front to the rear, with his left gun,and, opening at the same time wish canister, soon compelled the enemy to retire.

It having been decided upon to take up a new line on the south side of Mine Run, the battalion moved in column to a point near Zoa [Zion?] Church, where it went into position on General Johnson's front.

The enemy was quiet on our front during the 28th and 29th, but a little after sunrise on the morning of the 30th he opened on our left, at a distance of 800 or 1,000 yards, with Napoleons, and soon thereafter from the front and right with guns of various caliber, ranging from 10-pounder to 30-pounder Parrotts. The enemy's fire was returned first by Captain Raine, then by Lieutenant Chew and Captain Carpenter. In this engagement, which lasted about one hour, Captain Charles I. Raine, commanding the Lee Battery, was killed,also 2 privates killed and 2 wounded in the Lee Battery. Carpenter lost 5 privates wounded.

On Friday, the 27th, the battalion sustained a loss of 1 non-commissioned officer killed,and 1 non-commissioned and 3 privates wounded. There were 11 horses killed and wounded. On the 30th, 16 horses were killed and disabled.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CARTER M. BRAXTON,

Major, Commanding Battalion.

Brigadier General A. L. LONG.

