
No. 102. Report of Lieutenant General Ambrose P. Hill, C. S. Army, commanding Third Army Corps.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS, October 26, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to state that on the morning of the 14th instant I left my camp, 1 mile distant from Warrenton, on the Amissville turnpike, at 5 a.m., and in obedience to orders from the general commanding took the Warrenton and Alexandria turnpike until reaching Broad Run Church, then took the road by Greenwich and on to Bristoe Station, the division of Major-General Anderson leading. Upon arriving at Broad Run Church, information reached me from various sources that the enemy were moving by a road leading from Greenwich to the Warrenton and Alexandria pike and coming into a mile below Buckland. The rumbling of wagons, which could be distinctly heard, led me to place reliance on these reports. General Anderson was directed to take his division down the turnpike toward Buckland, and, if possible, to strike this column at the point where it came into the pike. If nothing could be accomplished, then to turn off and rejoin me at Greenwich.

In the meantime I moved on the road to Greenwich with Heth's and Wilcox's divisions,leaving one battery and Scales' brigade at Buckland to guard the train which had been directed to halt there.

General Anderson, in the execution of my orders, found the force referred to to be of cavalry, that it had already disappeared and that Major General Fitz. Lee had come up with his cavalry on my left flank. Colonel Rosser, of his advance, having skirmished with the enemy and driven them back, rejoined me at Greenwich, following Heth's division. From this point to Bristoe we followed close upon the rear of the Third Corps, picking up about 150 stragglers. Upon reaching the hills this side of Broad Run, and overlooking the plain on the north side, the Third Corps was discovered resting,a portion of it just commencing the march toward Manassas. I determined that no time must be lost, and hurried up Heth's division, forming it in line of battle along the crest of the hills and parallel to Broad Run. Pouague's battalion was brought to the front and directed to open on the enemy. They were evidently taken completely by surprise, and retired in the utmost confusion. Seeing this, General Heth was directed to advance his line until reaching the run,and then to move by the flank, cross at the ford, and press the enemy. This order was being promptly obeyed when I perceived the enemy's skirmishers making their appearance on this side of Broad Run, and on the right and rear of Heth's division. Word was sent to General Cooke, commanding the right brigade of Heth's division, to look out for his right flank,and he very promptly changed front of one of his regiments and drove the enemy back.

In the meantime I sent back to General Anderson to send McIntosh's battalion to the front, and to take two brigades to the position threatened and protect the right flank of Heth. The head of Anderson's column appearing, Heth was now ordered to advance again and carry out the original order. Davis' brigade, of Heth's division, had been detached as a support to Poague's battalion. The three brigades (Cooke's, Kirkland's, and Walker's) advanced in beautiful

