
commanding the Third Corps to send McIntosh's battalion of artillery to the front, and to move two brigades of my division to the right of the road by which we had been approaching the station, to intercept a column of the enemy's troops which was moving along the railroad road toward the station. Posey's and Perry's brigades were immediately put in motion through a piece of woods to execute the order, but before they arrived within striking distance, the enemy moved off at a double-quick and disappeared in a piece of pine forest near the railroad. The brigades continued to advance toward the railroad in the direction which had been indicated by Lieutenant-General Hill, until they found the enemy strongly posted behind the railroad embankments and cuts, with a battery of artillery so planted as to enfilade the road and sweep the open piece of ground between them and ourselves.

The column which I had been directed to intercept had got into position along the railroad,and I halted the troops until I could examine the ground between them and the enemy. While so engaged I met Brigadier-General Long, who proposed to place some of his artillery upon a slight eminence which afforded a good position for artillery. To this I gladly assented, as I deemed it necessary to the farther advance of the troops of my command.

At this time I received notice that the troops of the Second Corps were coming up on my right, and I was directed to form a line of battle so as to connect my right with the left of that corps. The other brigades of my division were then ordered up,and the line was formed as quickly as the nature of the ground would permit. During these movements of my command Heth's division became hotly engaged, and a brigade of his troops near the left of my division was driven back. The enemy's skirmishers advanced through the gap, and General Long found it impracticable to post his artillery. Perry's brigade checked the farther advance of the enemy, and Mahone's was put in motion to regain the ground from which our men had been driven, but before it reached the place it was re-occupied by another brigade of Heth's division. Perry's and Posey's brigades then drove back the enemy's line of skirmishers, and General Long's artillery got into position; but it was now nearly dark, and after a few minutes' cannonading, to which the enemy replied warmly, the firing was discontinued. The troops of my division remained in line of battle during the night. In the morning the enemy were gone.

I regret to report that in this affair Captain Thomas L. Barrand, of the Sixteenth Virginia Regiment, an excellent officer, was killed; Brigadier-General Posey and Lieutenant-Colonel Baya, commanding Eighth Florida Regiment, received severe wounds (the former in the left thigh and the latter in the right hip), and Captain A. K. Jones, Twelfth Mississippi Regiment, was wounded in the right leg.

The total casualties were 11 killed and 43 wounded.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

R. H. ANDERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

Captain W. N. STARKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Army Corps.

