
No. 104. Report of Major General Henry Heth, C. S. Army, commanding division.

HEADQUARTERS HETH'S DIVISION, October 24, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my division on the 14th instant:

The division moved from camp near Warrenton at 5.30 a.m. on the 14th instant, following General Anderson's division. When within a mile of New Baltimore, orders were received to pass General Anderson's artillery by keeping to the right, as it was designed that my division should follow a different road. After passing through New Baltimore, and about a mile and a half or less from the village, I was, directed to take a right-hand road, which proved to be a cross-road leading to Bristoe Station, via Greenwich. Just before reaching Greenwich some 200 stragglers of the Third Corps, Federal Army, were captured. A desultory fire of artillery was heard from just after daybreak, apparently on our right, and continued during the entire day.

It was ascertained at Greenwich that a corps of the enemy had encamped there the night previous, the last of this corps leaving about 8 a.m. on the 14th. From Greenwich we pressed on by the most direct road to Bristoe Station, picking up a number of stragglers on the road. When within a mile and a half of Bristoe Station I was directed by General A. P. Hill to form three brigades of my division in line of battle perpendicular to the road on which we were advancing, holding the Fourth Brigade as a reserve, which was to continue its march by the flank. Cooke's brigade (leading) was formed on the right of the road, its left resting on the road. Kirkland was put in position on the left of the road, his right resting on the road and forming a continuous line with Cooke. Walker was directed to form on Kirkland's left. Davis' brigade was held in reserve in the road.

Kirkland had not quite completed the formation of his line, when orders were received from General Hill to push on with the two brigades then in line (Cooke's and Kirkland's), informing me at the same time that the enemy were retreating rapidly and that expedition was necessary. Walker's brigade was at this time in rear of Kirkland, his right resting in rear of Kirkland's right. General Walker was informed of the change and directed to form on Kirkland's left, if possible, as Kirkland moved forward.

The order was now given to advance. On reaching a cleared space some 200 or 300 yards in our front the enemy was discovered about three-quarters of a mile in front of Kirkland's left. A few shots from one of Poague's batteries threw them into much confusion, and all that were in sight retreated in disorder across Broad Run. On seeing this General Hill directed me to move by the left flank, cross Broad Run, and attack the fugitives. This order was given and my line halted for the left to commence the flank movement. Before this movement was commenced information was received that a heavy column of the enemy had appeared on our right. I asked General Hill whether the flank movement should continue. He directed that it should be deferred for the present. Some ten minutes afterward I received orders to move forward.

