
crossing Broad Run. Finding that Kirkland's left was gaining ground to the right, General Walker recrossed the run. Before he could form on Kirkland's left, Kirkland had been driven back. General Walker during the rest of the engagement supported a battery from Poague's battalion, placed on a hill about 700 or 800 yards from the railroad. The engagement was over before either Walker or Davis could be brought into action.

After the repulse of Cooke and Kirkland, I reformed my line and advanced again to within about 500 yards of the railroad, where I remained during the night. No second attack was ordered, as I was convinced that the position of the enemy was too strong to be attacked in front. The position now occupied enabled me to avail myself of an opportunity to resume the attack, in the event of an attack being made on the enemy's left flank by General Ewell's troops or others.

I deem it but just to the troops commanded by Generals Cooke and Kirkland to say that with the exception of one regiment,all behaved well under the circumstances. It must be born in mind that when the attack was made by Cooke and Kirkland, the enemy's force in front was unknown. It turned out that a much larger force was in our front than was supposed - one, if not the greater portion of two entire corps. The position accidentally occupied by the enemy was as strong, or stronger, naturally and artificially, than military art could have made it by many hours' work. The enemy's left flank extended probably a mile or three-quarters to my right. He was not compelled to maneuver to get into position. Marching by the flank he was already in line of battle, protected by a railroad embankment at a convenient height to shelter his men, with hills in his rear admirably adapted to render effective his numerous batteries.

No military man who has examined the ground, or who understands the position and the disproportionate number of the contending forces, would attach blame to these two brigades for meeting with a repulse. My confidence in these troops in not shaken by the result, and I feel satisfied on fields to come they will vindicate the high reputation they have gained on many a hard-fought battle-field. Had they succeeded in driving the enemy in their front before them, and carried the hills beyond the railroad, it is probable the two brigades would have been captured by the enemy unengaged on their right.

I beg leave to bring to the notice of the lieutenant-general commanding the gallantry displayed by Generals Cooke and Kirkland, both of whom were severely wounded. I regret that in the absence of the reports of brigade and regimental commanders I am unable to name of the officers who deserve special mention for good conduct.

A report of the casualties is inclosed. My thanks are due to my personal staff.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. HETH,

Major-General.

Captain W. N. STARKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Army Corps.

