
[Inclosure.]

List of Casualties in Heth's division at Bristoe Station, October 14, 1863.

Command.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.

Davis' brigade	 8	 38	 2

Walker's brigade	 2	 9	 ---

Cooke's brigade	 73	 461	 166

Kirkland's brigade	 60	 265	 277

Total	 143	 773	 445

Grant total	 ---	 ---	 1,361

No. 105. Report of Brigadier General Henry H. Walker, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.

HEADQUARTERS WALKER'S BRIGADE, October 21, 1863.

MAJOR: In accordance with circular from division headquarters, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my brigade in the engagement at Bristoe Station on October 14:

My brigade was formed in line of battle in a woods about 100 yards in rear of General Kirkland's, my right covering his right, his brigade being nearly double the length of mine. While in this position General Heth informed me the enemy was running; that he would not have time for me to get upon Kirkland's left, but that I must do so on the march. This I found impossible to do.

Kirkland's brigade soon got into the open field, and commenced gaining ground to the right by a wheel, while mine, already behind and on the circumference, had a dense woods to march through for half a mile. This distance brought my brigade on Broad Run. While crossing this in line of battle, Kirkland became hotly engaged. Seeing his left gaining ground so fast to the front and right, I marched my brigade by the right flank, again crossed Broad Run, and double-quicked my brigade to try and catch up with Kirkland's left. When I got into the open field, I saw his left had been repulsed and was falling back in utter confusion. I succeeded in getting the three right regiments of my brigade interposed between the enemy's advance and the battery on the hill at the cemetery. A portion of Kirkland's brigade (two regiments) were then rallied on the right of these regiments. The four regiments on the left my brigade were halted on the crest of the hill at the cemetery abreast with the battery at that place.

The line remained thus until the regiments of Kirkland's brigade were moved, under direction of General Kirkland's adjutant-general, to the right and rear of the battery at the cemetery. Captain Hill, of General Hill's staff, then brought an order for this battery to move to the right. I told him I was supporting the battery and asked him if I should move with it. He replied, "Yes." I had scarcely gotten half way down the hill with my brigade when Major McIntosh reported to me that his supports having retired, he had

28 R R-VOL XXIX, PT I

