
had to withdraw his men from the battery on the right of the road, and that if I could get a regiment there in time I might retake it. This I endeavored to do immediately, and ordered a regiment to double-quick to the position, but before it arrived the guns were out of sight.

Simultaneously with Major McIntosh, Major Finney, adjutant-general, reported that the enemy were again advancing in the direction of the cemetery. I immediately deployed a regiment as skirmishers to drive back the enemy's skirmishers, again formed my brigade in its original position, and remained so until new dispositions were made for the night.

I omitted to state at the commencement, before my brigade was put into line, General Hill detached the Fourteenth Tennessee Regiment, and directed it to take a position as skirmishers on the right of his line. This regiment rejoined the brigade the next morning.

Inclosed is a list of casualties during the engagement.

Respectfully submitted.

H. H. WALKER,

Brigadier-General.

Major R. H. FINNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Heth's Division.

[Inclosure.]

Return of Casualties in Walker's brigade in the engagement near Bristoe Station, October 14.

Killed. Wounded.

Command.	 Officers.	 Men.	 Officers.	 Men.	 Aggregate.

13th Alabama	 *1	 1	 1	 3 	 6

1st	 ---	 ---	 ---	 2	 2

Tennessee

22nd	 ---	 ---	 ---	 1	 1

Virginia

Battalion

55th	 ---	 ---	 ---	 2	 2

Virginia

Total	 1	 1	 1	 8	 11

No. 106. Report of Colonel Edward D. Hall, Forty-sixth North Carolina Infantry, commanding Cooke's brigade.

HEADQUARTERS COOKE'S BRIGADE, Near Rappahannock Station, Va., October 22, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that on the 14th instant, on arriving within 1 or 2 miles of Bristoe Station, the brigade formed a line of battle on the right of the road in the following order: First, Forty-sixth North Carolina; second, Fifteenth North Carolina; third, Twenty-seventh North Carolina; and the Forty-eighth North Carolina on the left. After forming we advanced through a very thick undergrowth. On clearing the woods and arriving in the first opening the brigade was halted a few moments to correct the alignment. The enemy was discovered massed upon our left beyond the

---------------

*Lieutenant David R. Staggers.

---------------

