
shortened our line so much that with the addition of one of General Kirkland's regiments (Forty-fourth North Carolina), which joined our left, the left of the brigade was some distance to the right of the guns. On learning the guns were there and in danger, I dispatched a portion of one regiment to the relief, but the guns had been taken off before the relief arrived.

I would respectfully state that I have been with the brigade during some of the heaviest engagements of the war, and have never seen the men more cool and determined,and that their falling back resulted from no fault of theirs, but from the great superiority in number and position of the enemy, and entire want of support, both in rear and prolongation of our lines.

I have the honor to be, respectfully,

E. D. HALL,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major R. H. FINNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 107. Report of Major David G. McIntosh, C. S. Army, commanding Artillery Battalion.

CAMP NEAR BEVERLY FORD, October 23, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with your request I have the honor to submit the following report, being duplicate of one already furnished Colonel Walker, of the part taken by this battalion in the engagement at Bristoe Station on the afternoon of the 14th instant:

When within about a mile of the station I received an order from Major-General Anderson, through Major Duncan, his staff officer, to move my battalion to the front. Passing the division, I halted a moment upon the open ground where the descant to the railroad begins, and Major Duncan saying as he joined me again that he had directions from Lieutenant-General Hill where to place me, I moved immediately on, attracting some fire from the enemy's batteries. Observing that I was approaching near the enemy, I ordered Captain Hurt to take his two Whitworth guns out of the column and place them in the best position he could find on the hills in rear. Captain Johnson's battery had previously been detached by order of General Anderson,and left at Broad Run. With the remaining nine guns I proceeded to follow Major Duncan, who pointed out an open space between two pine thickets as the position which I was to occupy.

Our line of infantry was then in the act of advancing over the hill at this point and drew a heavy musketry fire upon them in rear. I therefore halted my column as the base of the rising ground in front, sending word by Lieutenant Houston, my ordnance officer, who accompanied me on the field, to Lieutenant-General Hill why I had done so, and ordering the pieces to draw up under cove, I proceeded to look at the ground with Major Duncan. On casting my eve over the field I saw and represented to Major Duncan the exposure of the situation because of its proximity to the railroad bank, being only 400 or 500 yards distant, where the enemy's line of battle

