
was posted and in full view of a number of opposing batteries stretching from the left to the extreme right. He (Major Duncan) left, saying he would represent the situation to General Hill.

In the meantime our line had advanced a short distance over the crest of the hill,and exhibiting symptoms of wavering, I ordered up five light rifled pieces, consisting of the Second Rockbridge Battery, three guns, Lieutenant Wallace commanding, and a section of Hurt's battery, under Lieutenant Crenshaw, and directed them to open with shell, firing over the heads of our men.

Lieutenant Houston returned just at this time with a message from General Hill that he wished me to take position as quickly as possible, and I thereupon ordered up a section of Rice's Napoleon battery, placing it to the left of the rifled guns. Before this order was executed, however, our line of infantry in front had broken, and, falling back through the guns, passed on to the rear. My officers joined me in endeavoring to rally and stop them upon the slope in rear of the guns, but without avail. Lieutenant Wilson, while thus engaged, was struck down and seriously injured by a shell.

The ground being clear of our infantry in front, I directed a round or two of canister to be thrown at the enemy along the railroad, but pointed the fire chiefly against the opposing battery, which concentrated upon me a converging fire from this direction. I dispatched a messenger hastily to General Hill to say that I was badly enfiladed from the right and regarded the position untenable, which message the general has since informed me he did not receive.

Believing I could obtain a position to the right where I might divert the enemy's fire, I proceeded in that direction with two guns undisposed of (a section of Napoleons under Lieutenant Price), and met Major Duncan on the way, who told me guns were needed in that quarter, and who showed me a position from which the enemy's battery, then annoying me so much, could be taken almost in rear. He informed me at the same time that General Long would have up a number of guns in a few minutes, and as one of Lieutenant Price's was detained by an accident on the way, I deemed it imprudent to open with one gun,and ordered the lieutenant to report to General Long as soon as he came up and desire him to open immediately.

Returning to the first position, where I had left seven guns engaged, I observed that the fire had ceased. On inquiring the reason of Lieutenant Wallace, then in command, he replied that he had not men enough left to work the guns; that the enemy were advancing, and he had just been to look for infantry support. I at once ordered the guns to be dragged down the hill by hand, and the remaining men, who were lying in the bush, started forward; but at that instant a body of the enemy, apparently skirmishers, appeared stealing over the crest of the hill and in a moment more were among the guns. I saw it was too late to remove them, and directed the limbers and caissons to be drawn off in the edge of the woods, and the men to retire without noise.

Believing the number of the enemy at the guns to be small, and that they could still be recovered with prompt action, I rode rapidly in search of a body of infantry; but the plain in my rear was bare of all troops. After some minutes I found a brigade (General Walker's, I think), and reported to him the condition of affairs and desired him to throw forward a body quickly as possible. A few minutes after I observed General Heth approaching, when I informed him also

