
of my situation. Lieutenant Wallace informs me that he saw the enemy roll of the guns by hand in a few minutes after they were taken possession of.

The two Napoleon guns of Captain Rice were both disabled, having their axles broken and the check of one shivered. One was dragged off before the approach of the enemy; the other was recovered the next morning. All the ammunition in the limbers of the pieces was expended by Captain Rice, his caissons being kept in rear. He estimates the time during which he was engaged at one hour. His casualties were 8 men wounded and 10 horses disabled.

The five fired pieces which preceded Captain Rice in the action were engaged probably an hour and a quarter.

Lieutenant Wallace's three guns fired 204 founds. His casualties were 2 lieutenants wounded, and 2 men killed and 13 wounded.

Lieutenant Crenshaw's section fired only 25 rounds. His casualties were 1 man killed and 16 wounded.

The total casualties was 3 men killed and 39 wounded. Forty-four horses were disabled.

The section of Napoleon guns under Lieutenant Price reported to Lieutenant-Colonel Jones, of General Long's command, and was engaged late in the afternoon without suffering any loss in men or horses.

The section of Whitworths fired 8 shots at the enemy, also without loss.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. McINTOSH,

Major of Artillery.

Captain W. N. STARKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Army Corps.

No. 108. Reports of Major General J. E. B. Stuart, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Corps.

BUCKLAND, VA., October 20, 1863.

GENERAL: After offering some considerable resistance to the advance of the enemy at this point yesterday, in accordance with the suggestion of Major-General Lee, I retired with Hampton's division slowly before the enemy until within 2 1/2 miles of Warrenton, in order that Major-General Lee, coming from Auburn, might have an opportunity to attack the enemy in flank and rear. The plan proved successful. The enemy followed slowly and cautiously after Hampton's division,when, on hearing Major-General Lee's guns on their flank, I pressed upon them vigorously in front. They at first resisted my attack stubbornly, but one broken the rout was complete. I pursued them from within 3 miles of Warrenton to Buckland, the horses at full speed the whole distance, the enemy retreating in great confusion. Major-General Lee had attacked them in flank just below Buckland.

We captured about 200 prisoners, 8 wagons and ambulances, and arms, horses, and equipments.

