
Averell and his command, when last heard from, were 15 miles beyond Huntersville, going rapidly toward Beverly, followed by a few of Jackson's men, all infantry. Cavalry support, which he met at Huntersville, will probably shield him from further punishment unless Imboden intercepts him at Huntersville. I think the blow aimed at us from that direction, with Averell to direct it, had been very effectually parried.

I have no information of any move in this direction from the Kanawha, and am solicitous now about the left of my line. I ordered Jackson's brigade to take post at or near McDowell's, and picket the Staunton and Parkersburg turnpike as far as Hightown, also the road to Franklin. Wharton's brigade is marching in this direction, where I need it.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, October 2, 1863.

GENERAL: On the evening of August 23, I received information from Colonel William L. Jackson that Brigadier-General Averell, U. S. Army, with a force estimated at over 4,000 men, consisting of cavalry, mounted infantry, and artillery, was in motion from the direction of Moorefield. So far as I could ascertain, General Averell was on a raid toward Staunton. He had driven Colonel Jackson from Hightown and his camp near Huntersville, and the latter had fallen back to Gatewood's, on Back Creek, on the road from Huntersville to Warm Springs.

I had a few days previously ridden over that road, Colonel Jackson accompanying me part of the way, and from my own observations and his representations believed that he could detain the enemy on that road long enough to enable me to send a force to his assistance or place it in the rear of the enemy. I accordingly ordered the First Brigade of my command, Colonel George S. Patton commanding to move by the Antony's Creek road. I joined the brigade myself on that road on the 25th.

On the morning of that day, I received a dispatch from Colonel Jackson, dated at 9 o'clock on the previous day at Gatewood's. He informed me that he had driven back the enemy's skirmishers to his old camp near Huntersville. The tenor of the dispatch induced me to believe that he could not only check the opposing force at Gatewood's but could move up and join the First Brigade at the intersection of the Antony's Creek road from Huntersville to Warm Springs. I dispatched him, informing him of the movement of that brigade, and directed him, if possible, to join it at the junction of the two roads above mentioned. I have reason to believe that he never received my dispatch, and that it was intercepted by the enemy.

While on the march on the 25th, information was received, which I deemed reliable, that the enemy had not only driven Colonel Jackson from Gatewood's, but had forced him beyond Warm Springs. Still remaining under the impression that the destination of the enemy was Staunton, the First Brigade was ordered o turn off from the Antony's Creek road and take a shorter route to Warm Springs.

