
Ball commanding, to strike the Warrenton road at Rixeyville, and ascertain if the enemy were retreating that direction, I immediately ordered Colonel Funsten to advance down the pike, General Gordon having meanwhile been sent round to the right to intersect the Sperryville and Culpeper Court-House turnpike at Stone-House Mountain.

In our rapid pursuit of the enemy we found that we had passed an infantry regiment of the enemy which had been on the outpost and was now marching parallel to our column on our right in the direction of Culpeper Court-House. Every effort was made to close up the column, thus elongated by pursuit, so as to catch this regiment; but apprehending that it would escape, the only cavalry I could lay my hands on was ordered to charge, the regiment as it debouched into the open ground. This was gallantly responded to by a company of the Twelfth Virginia, under Lieutenant Baylor, and but for an impassable ditch these brave men would have ridden over the enemy and cut them down with the saber. They charged within 20 or 30 yards of the column and fired a volley into it, but were forced, from the nature of the ground, to retire, which was done without the loss of man or horses, although the enemy's fire was delivered almost in their faces. The enemy did not further contest the field. They broke and ran, dropping guns, knapsacks, and blankets, several of their number being captured. This was the second occasion in twenty-four hours that our cavalry had charged the enemy's infantry, and in this last case equal numbers would have even triumphed over the obstacle of the ditch and captured the whole regiment.

The enemy continued to fall back rapidly through their deserted camps toward Culpeper Court-House, and on reaching the vicinity of that place I found that his main body had retired toward the Rappahannock, leaving his cavalry to bring up the rear. He had massed his cavalry there, supported by artillery posted on the hills beyond, near George's house, with the apparent design of making a stand and checking our further advance. I made a demonstration with Gordon's brigade on their front, and in spite of the heavy artillery fire with which they attempted to hold us in check, the Fourth North Carolina Cavalry charged and dispersed the column opposed to it, which was driven across Mountain Run in the direction of Wallack's a squadron under Captain Cowles, of the First North Carolina, occupying the court-house.

In this charge, Colonel Ferebee, commanding the Fourth North Carolina Cavalry, was wounded,and the gallant Lieutenant Morehead, adjutant of the Fifth North Carolina Cavalry, was severely wounded in the mouth. Lieutenants Baker, of the Second, and Benton,of the Fourth North Carolina Cavalry, were killed.

The advantageous position of the enemy's artillery rendered an attack in front liable to be attended with great loss. I determined, therefore, to leave some artillery in his front to attract his attention, and (Young's brigade being still at James City) moved with Gordon and Funsten (only two regiments of the latter, the Seventh and Twelfth Virginia Cavalry, being present) by the left flank by way of Chestnut Fork Church, Bradford's, and Botts', so as to again the enemy's rear.

The sound of artillery rapidly drawing nearer in the direction of the road leading from Raccoon Ford to Stevensburg, indicated that Major-General Lee was driving them back from the Rapidan as they

