
had been driven from Robertson's River, and counting on his co-operation, I did not doubt ability, by penetrating to the enemy's rear, to interrupt their retreat and have them at my mercy.

It is necessary, before proceeding further, to refer to the movements of Major-General Lee, whose timely arrival proved so important. I regret to say that his report has not yet been received, and my account of his operations will necessarily,for this reason, be briefer more general than it would have been under other circumstances.

As stated in the beginning of this report, Lee's division, supported by two brigades of infantry, the whole under Major-General Lee's command, was left to observe the enemy opposite the lower fords of the Rapidan, and guard against a movement which it was foreseen would probably be made by the enemy in that direction, with a view to discover the position of our troops and the commanding general's designs. This anticipation was speedily realized. Disconcerted by the movement of our forces in the direction of Madison Court-House, and anxious to ascertain its character and extent, the Federal commander dispatched Buford's division of cavalry, with a battery of artillery, to make a reconnaissance in force toward Orange Court-House.

This column crossed the Rapidan at Germanna, on the night of October 10,and proceeded up the river toward Morton's Ford. Information of the movement had, however, been received, and Major-General Lee had promptly made his dispositions to give the enemy a warm reception. The Fifth Virginia Cavalry, Colonel Rosser commanding, was immediately sent forward to meet them, and at daylight on the morning of the 11th, the remainder of Lomax's brigade moved to their support. Two regiments of infantry were also ordered up, and the cavalry being dismounted, the united force was ordered to occupy a portion of our recent line of earthworks, with skirmishers well to the front. The enemy speedily brought up their batteries and opened fire on the line, but with little or no damage to the troops. The position was held until Colonel Chambliss (commanding W. H. F. Lee's brigade) arrived with his brigade and two pieces of artillery, when the whole line was promptly advanced, and by a gallant charge of the sharpshooters the enemy was put to rout and driven with considerable loss across the river. A vigorous pursuit ensued, the command crossing at Morton's Ford, and pushing on rapidly after the retreating enemy in the direction of Stevensburg, where they attempted to make a stand, but were soon dispersed on the right of our line by the well-directed fire of Chew's battery of horse artillery and that of our sharpshooters, the cannoneers and dismounted men vieing with each other which should have the front. This brief reference to Major-General Lee's operations will suffice to explain his movements in following up, by way of Stevensburg, the enemy's retrograde toward the Rappahannock.

The two retreating columns of the enemy falling back from the Robertson and Rapidan came in sight of Brandy Station nearly at the same time, our forces following closely on their rear. As I have stated above, the position of the column in my immediate front was such as to discourage an attack from the direction of the court-house, which was completely swept by their artillery, and in accordance with the plan already indicated I moved, with Funsten's brigade in front, by the Rixeyville road toward Brandy Station, with the view

