
of occupying the heights on which the Barbour House is situated, and thus intercepting the enemy on their line of retreat along the railroad toward the Rappahannock.

On arriving in vicinity of Slaughter Bradford's,one of Gordon's best regiments (the First North Carolina Cavalry) was sent to capture a body of the enemy who seemed to be detached on our right. Farther on were seen from this point the dense columns of the enemy's cavalry moving along the railroad toward Brandy Station. The enemy had penetrated the design which I had in view, and were rapidly falling back to occupy the vantage ground near Fleetwood before we could come up. As I approached Botts' the smoke of Major-General Lee's guns was seen across the plain toward Stevensburg and as my column had moved too rapidly for the artillery to keep pace with it, and as the enemy was moving between us,we were subjected to the fire of General Fitz. Lee's guns, who from the distance were unable to distinguish us from the enemy. As we approached regiment after regiment of the enemy broke and dispersed.

The Twelfth Virginia Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Massie commanding, was at the head of the column, and being ordered to charge, did so in the most gallant manner, cutting off about 1,200 or 1,500 of the enemy,all of whom would have been killed or captured had not the headlong rapidity of the pursuit, added to the difficult character of the ground, so greatly extended the column as to impair for the moment its efficiency of action. This was also added to by the belief on the part of Major-General Lee that our column was a portion of the enemy moving down to re-enforce their comrades, our shouts tending rather, therefore, to check than encourage him.

The Seventh Virginia Cavalry had been separated from the rest by taking the wrong road at Chestnut Fork Church, and,consequently, came up in rear of Gordon's brigade.

The Fourth and Fifth North Carolina Regiments being in front, moved up to support Colonel Massie, when a body of cavalry charged them from a field on the right. Although palpably fewer in numbers than these two regiments, our men broke and field in spite of every effort on the part of the brigade commander and myself to rally them, and the enemy was not checked in the pursuit until the Seventh Virginia, which came up very opportunely, charged them in flank and cut off quite a number, who were either killed or captured. The Seventh now joined the Twelfth, moved down upon Brandy, where a junction was formed with General Lee's column, arriving at the same time.

The time gained to the enemy by the breaking of the two North Carolina regiments, and General Lee's belief that I was the enemy, enabled the enemy to gain Fleetwood Heights and place his artillery in position.

The two columns having joined, pushed down upon the enemy at Fleetwood Heights. Lomax's brigade extended well round though the woods to the right, so as to bring a cross-fire of terrible effect on the enemy this side of Fleetwood. Thus caught between to fires, the enemy in my front fought desperately for self-preservation. The woods near Brandy Station were speedily occupied by the sharpshooters of Lomax and Chambliss to resist the force moving from Fleetwood to the relief of the other column, and an engagement ensued of the most obstinate and determined character. Our dismounted men were several times surrounded by the enemy's cavalry, but were each time rescued by gallant charges of their mounted

