
comrades. A series of charges and countercharges by Lomax's and Chambliss' brigade was executed with the utmost gallantry and effect, five distinct charges having been made at this point by the Fifth, Sixth, and Fifteenth Virginia Cavalry, in which Colonel Harrison, of the Sixth Virginia, and other brave officers were severely wounded.

The enemy, having been driven from the woods around Brandy, took position with artillery and infantry supports along Fleetwood Ridge, where it was deemed impracticable to attack them, particularly as our infantry which had followed had halted at Stone-House Mountain.

General Lee was directed to weep around by his left flank, so as to gain the enemy's rear by way of St. James Church. The enemy perceiving this movement began to retire toward the Rappahannock, harassed on each flank and in rear by our cavalry and artillery until after dark, at which time their crossing was nearly completed.

The loss of the enemy in killed, wounded, and prisoners was considerable, the two regiments of Colonel Funsten's command alone having taken 200. The number of men and horses killed was unusually great, showing the obstinacy of the conflict.

Attention is called to the distinguished gallantry exhibited by the sharpshooters of this command in the operations above referred to. They charged with alacrity on every occasion and pressed forward with so much eagerness that more than once they were surrounded by the enemy and had to fight their way out with their revolvers.

The meritorious conduct of the officers and men of the command generally is best exhibited by the fact that after two days' incessant fighting, they still charged with an ardor and gallantry which resulted in the total rout of the heavy forces of the enemy opposed to them with the advantage of position and supported by infantry.

In these operations our loss amounted to - killed, - wounded, and- missing. That of the enemy was greatly larger, their prisoners alone amounting to several hundred, while the number of our men who fell into their hands amounted to about 30.

The command, returning from the pursuit greatly fatigued and exhausted, bivouacked on the same night in the vicinity of Brandy Station.

On the morning of the 12th, I sent word to Colonel Young, who was still near James City, to bring the pickets on Robertson's River and his own command to Culpeper Court-House, where he would find further orders awaiting him, my object being to leave a sufficient force at that point to guard the quartermaster's and commissary stores then being unloaded from the cars and the trains of the army on their way to Hazel River.

Having directed Major-General Lee to leave one regiment on picket below Fleetwood, with one piece of artillery to meet the enemy if they attempted to advance toward Culpeper Court-House, I proceeded with Lee's division and the brigades of Funsten and Gordon,in accordance with the instructions of the commanding general, to protect the flank of the infantry column moving by Rixeyville toward Warrenton, Funsten's brigade, moving in front of General Ewell's column, and Gordon's brigade and Lee's division on the right flank of the army.

Lee's division crossed Hazel River at Starke's Ford and pressed on toward the Rappahannock. Upon reaching the vicinity of Jeffersonton, Lieutenant-Colonel Ball, commanding Eleventh Virginia Cavalry, who was in front, drove in the enemy's pickets and ascertained

