
that about two regiments of cavalry were posted there behind hills, fence, and the stone wall inclosing a church yard in the town. He dismounted his men and attacked them, but was compelled to retire after the loss of several men killed and wounded.

In obedience to orders from the commanding general a regiment (the Seventh Virginia Cavalry) was not sent to the left, while Colonel Funsten proceeded with the Twelfth to the right of the town, with the design of penetrating to their rear and cutting the enemy off. Reaching the road in rear of Jeffersonton leading to Warrenton Springs, the Twelfth Virginia encountered a regiment of the enemy's cavalry and a brief but severe engagement ensued, resulting in the rout the enemy, some of whom were pursued to the river.

Lieutenant-Colonel Ball had meanwhile mounted his men, made a detour to the left, and attacked the right flank of the cavalry supporting the enemy's sharpshooters in the town. After a hard struggle they gave way and retreated rapidly down the road toward the springs, coming in sight of Colonel Funsten at the moment when his regiment was being reformed after the pursuit. He immediately ordered a charge, which was gallantly executed,and Lieutenant-Colonel Ball pressing down at the same time on their rear they soon scattered in every direction, a large number being killed wounded, and captured.

Pushing on to the river, the Seventh and Eleventh Virginia Cavalry were sent up to cross at other fords, and I made preparations to force the passage of the river at Warrenton Springs, at which point the enemy had posted their artillery and cavalry (dismounted) in rifle-pits on the bank to dispute our advance. Our dismounted men were thrown forward, supported by a small force of infantry, and the horse artillery not having come up, General Long,commanding the artillery of Ewell's corps, opened fire with eight guns on the batteries and supporting squadrons of the enemy. Their guns were speedily silenced and the cavalry forced to retire, when I ordered the Twelfth Virginia to charge across the river, which was gallantly done, Lieutenant Baylors' company leading, in face of a heavy fire of sharpshooters. Such was the impetuosity of the charge that the enemy's sharpshooters who had not retired were speedily driven from their favorable position on the hills commanding the for and a considerable number of them captured before they could escape.

The charge of this little band of the Twelfth Virginia was worthy of special praise, as it was made under circumstances of great embarrassment. Charging firs up to the piers of the bridge, it was discovered that it had been taken up, thus exposing them to a dangerous fire from the enemy on the opposite side. Nothing daunted in purpose, however, they turned about and took the road to the ford below, which they plunged into in the face of the enemy's fire without halt or hesitation. Some of couriers (Weller and McComb among the number) were among the leading. As it was nearly dark my first care after crossing was to have the bridge relaid,, so that the infantry might cross directly over. It was but the work of a few moments, when the column continued its march to the north side of the Rappahannock.

In the operations of this day the Eleventh and Twelfth Regiments captured about 450 prisoners, with their horses, arms,and equipments. Three officers and 30 men were killed or wounded. Among those mortally wounded was the brave Lieutenant Poage, of the

