
while with Funsten's and Gordon's brigade I moved on the right flank of the army toward Bristoe, aiming to keep on the right of our infantry skirmishers. It so happened that a battalion of skirmisher of Rodes' division left the line of march pursued by the column and branched off toward Catlett's Station. Keeping on the right of these skirmishers, I found myself very much put out of my course, and, in consequence, my column did not reach Bristoe until after dark.

It appears from General Lomax's report that soon after my departure from Auburn heavy columns of the enemy came in sight from the direction of Warrenton Junction and Three-Mile Station, and he had barely time to move his command around the head of this column when he was attacked. The brigade was dismounted and an animated contest ensued, our sharpshooters gallantly holding their ground in spite of the storm of canister directed at them, and so persistently assailing the enemy's batteries as to cause them to change position. Their infantry also took part in the engagement, and our sharpshooters did not retire until ordered to do so.

My extrication from this embarrassing situation with the comparatively small loss which I sustained is due, under Providence, to the gallant officers and men of my command, who, upon this trying occasion, which thoroughly tested their soldierly character, exhibited nerve and coolness which entitle them to the highest praise from their commander.

On the morning of the 15th, the enemy having withdrawn during the night,the whole command (Lee's division having joined), with the exception of Young's brigade (which had moved from Culpeper around by way of Bealeton and had not yet arrived) advanced in pursuit of the enemy to Manassas, one regiment (the Eleventh Virginia Cavalry) being sent on the Brentsville road.

At Manassas, Gordon drove in the enemy's pickets, and portions of Lee's division pressing on to McLean's Ford came upon their cavalry in considerable force with infantry supports. The cavalry being dismounted and moving forward en masse, attacked them with such spirit that they retreated across Bull Run.

In this affair the Stuart horse artillery played a conspicuous part. Our sharpshooters occupied the rifle-pits on the bank and held possession of the ford, it being a part of my instructions to create a bold demonstration, as if our whole army was following up.

About this time I was informed that there was a train of the enemy's wagons which had not yet crossed Bull Run, and which there was some prospect of my being able to capture. I hastened, therefore, to start the nearest brigade (Gordon's) with the guide for this promised prize. The enemy apprehending such a move had, however, a large force of cavalry and some artillery posted so as to cover the road which the train was traveling, which turned here at a sharp angle toward Yates' Ford. I was informed by the guide that by making a circuit farther east I could get entirely between the train and Bull Run. I therefore directed General Gordon to attack them in front, while with Funsten I moved as above indicated. Gordon was speedily engaged in a brisk artillery duel with their batteries, the horse artillery, under Major R. F. Beckham, fighting upon this occasion as throughout the entire expedition, with their customary skill and gallantry. Gordon was also engaged in a brisk encounter of small-arms with their dismounted men, strongly posted in dense thickets, which furnished a safe cover for the enemy.

29 R R-VOL XXIX, PT I

