
Moving with Funsten's brigade in the direction of Yates' Ford, after a very circuitous route I reached just a dark a point but a short distance from where Gordon had been engaging the enemy, where the road passed through a dense thicket of pines and was barricaded. The Twelfth Virginia being in front was ordered to charge the barricade,which was gallantly done, and the enemy were driven from their strong position to precipitate flight. Soon afterward their batteries ceased firing and retired, their entire force retreating behind Bull Run. Several prisoners were taken here.

During General Gordon's engagement Major-General Lee, who had been notified by me of what was going on, moved to his support, and a part of his command (Lomax's brigade) became also engaged here. Darkness, however, prevented any general engagement of his command. The command bivouacked for the night in the vicinity of Manassas. Captain Haynes, of the Ninth Virginia Cavalry, one of the best offices and most gallant soldiers in the service, was seriously wounded during the day.

On the morning of the 16th, I left Major-General Lee with his division at Manassas, to repulse any advance of the enemy in that direction, and with Hampton's division, which had been joined by Young's brigade and four pieces of horses artillery on the previous evening, moved toward Groveton,with the view of crossing Bull Run above Sudley Ford and getting in rear of Centreville. As we passed the vicinity of Groveton our pickets were skirmishing with the enemy, and the muddy condition of the roads rendered military operations very difficult; but in spite of this and the swollen condition of Bull Run, I crossed that night and bivouacked near Stone Castle.

I continued the march on the morning of the 17th,striking the Little River turnpike about 3 miles below Aldie,and passing Gum Springs reached Frying Pan Church, near which point a squadron of Young's brigade, which was in front, charged and captured a number of the enemy's picket; and our sharpshooters being thrown forward a brisk engagement ensued with a regiment of infantry belonging to the Sixth Army Corps, Major-General Sedgwick, which was posted at this place. The Jeff. Davis Legion was here conspicuous for its gallantry, advancing dismounted across the field upon the enemy's position.

After about two hours' skirmishing the strength and position of the enemy was discovered; the fact ascertained that the Sixth Army Corps was intrenching a line across the Little River turnpike perpendicular to it and a little west of Chantilly,and other information of an important character acquired.

The purpose of the expedition having been thus accomplished,the troops were secretly withdrawn at sundown, returning at their leisure by the same route which they had pursued in advancing, the direction of our withdrawal purposely leading the enemy to suppose that we were going in the direction of Fairfax Court-House.

Subsequent intelligence derived from the enemy's statements showed that this attack on their rear greatly disconcerted them,and induced the whole Federal force at Centreville to fall back in the direction of Alexandria, under the impression that we designed a movement with our entire army against their right flank and rear.

While skirmishing with the enemy at Frying Pan, I received a communication from Colonel Chilton which prevented my prosecuting the expedition any farther as in informed me that General Lee

