
was soon complete. I pursued them from within 3 miles of Warrenton to Buckland, the horses at full speed the whole distance, their column completely disorganized, and retreating in confusion.

About 250 prisoners were captured, together with 8 wagons and ambulances, Brigadier-General Custer's headquarters baggage and official papers, with many arms, horses, and equipments, and the whole division dispersed in a manner graphically described by one of their own writers as "the deplorable spectacle of 7,000 cavalry dashing riderless, hatless, and panic-stricken" through the ranks of their infantry. Had his artillery been anywhere near the front, if would undoubtedly have fallen into our hands.

Crossing at Buckland, Major-General Lee pushed down the pike toward Gainesville, while with the few men of Gordon's and Rosser's brigades which could be collected after the chase (Young's brigade being sent round to the rear), I moved to the left and pressed down toward Hay Market. Here a cavalry force and the First Army Corps were encountered. The latter retired a short distance beyond Hay Market and I attacked their infantry pickets by moonlight, capturing a number of them and scattering them over the fields. Major-General Lee met their infantry near Gainesville and took many prisoners belonging to the First Army Corps on that road also, the pursuit being continued by both divisions until after dark.

The force opposed to us upon this occasion consisted of ten regiments of cavalry and six pieces of artillery, commanded by Brigadier-General Kilpatrick, and I am justified in declaring the rout of the enemy at Buckland the most signal and complete that any cavalry division seemed to disappear from the field of operations for more than a month, that time being necessary, no doubt, to collect the panic-stricken fugitives.

The matter of greatest concern to me during this short and eventful campaign was the subject of forage for the horses. Operating in a country worn out in peace, but now more desolate in war, it is remarkable how the horses were able to keep up. But our brave men, actuated by a spirit which prompted them to divide the last crust wit their favorite steeds, have not been wanting in the noble attributes of patient endurance as well as heroic daring. This affair terminated the campaign.

On the next day, October 20, the command leisurely followed the retrograde movement of the Army of Northern Virginia unannoyed by the enemy, whose blatant braggadocio a few days previous had threatened so much, and recrossing into Culpeper established its pickets on the south bank of the Rappahannock.

Great credit is due to Major General Fitz. Lee for this plan, as bold in its conception as it was brilliant and successful in its execution, administering as it did a quietus to the enemy's cavalry for the remainder of the fall, and severely chastising their favorite cavalry leader, Kilpatrick.

Colonel Owen, Third Virginia Cavalry (commanding Wickham's brigade), was conspicuous for gallantry at Buckland in command of the dismounted men, chasing on foot the enemy's cavalry over open ground. Brigadier-General Wickham was absent from his command by reason of serious injury received by the fall of his horse.

Colonels Chambliss and Rosser vindicated at Fleetwood, by their fearless bearing in the charge, fresh claims for a reputation well established for gallantry.

