
No. 109. Report of Colonel Oliver R. Funsten, Eleventh Virginia Cavalry, commanding Jones' brigade, Hampton's division.

DECEMBER 8, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command (Jones' brigade) from October 9 to 16, when I was relieved from command by General Rosser:

On October 9, the brigade being encamped near Liberty Mills, I received an order from Major-General Stuart to move in the direction of Madison Court-House. White's battalion was then on detached service in Loudoun County, and one company of the Twelfth was scouting in Rappahannock County.

On the night of the 9th, I encamped near Madison Court-House, the Eleventh Regiment being on picket on Robertson's River.

The next morning, an hour before daylight, I resumed the march after directing Lieutenant-Colonel Ball to collect his regiment as soon as relieved from picket duty and to follow me. Two squadrons from the Seventh and Twelfth were detailed on the march, by order of General Stuart, for special duty, and did not return for several days. After crossing the Robertson, I was directed by General Stuart to report to Major-General Rodes at Crigler's Mill, to march in front of his column, and to conceal, if practicable, the advance of our infantry. In the afternoon I was directed by General Ewell to move to the Sperryville and Culpeper Court-House road, and to hold Griffinsburg if possible. At 10 p.m. I reached Griffinsburg and found the enemy's picket half a mile below the village. After placing a strong line of skirmishers in our front I encamped my command and awaited orders. During the night able to find me, he had been engaged with the enemy near James City in connection with General Gordon's brigade.

The next morning at 11 General Stuart arrived and the advance was ordered. We had previously had slight skirmishing with the enemy. At Stone-House Mountain, about 2 miles distant, we met about two regiments of the enemy's cavalry, who were driven rapidly back to their support (a regiment of infantry), which was soon thrown into confusion and routed by a movement of the Seventh Regiment which General Stuart ordered. A short time previously to this the Eleventh Regiment had been sent in the direction of Rixeyville by order of General Stuart, and did not rejoin the command for two days. We continued to drive the enemy rapidly to Culpeper Court-House, when we were ordered to Brandy by way of the Rixeyville road.

As we approached Brandy we had a full view of the immense body of the enemy's cavalry, who were in full retreat from the direction of Culpeper Court-House and Raccoon Ford. The Twelfth Regiment, or seven companies of it (three companies having been detached), was at the head of our column, and Lieutenant-Colonel Massie, who was in command of it, was ordered to charge. The charge was most gallantly executed, and 1,200 or 1,500 of the enemy's cavalry were cut off by it, the greater part of whom would probably have been captured if our column had not been so much extended by the rapidity of the march and the difficulty of the ground. The Seventh, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Marshall, fought

