
with its accustomed gallantry; but the enemy having rallied, and a regiment or more having been sent back for their relief, we could not secure the splendid capture. We, however, captured during this day over 200 prisoners. Our loss in killed and wounded was 33 in the two regiments.

I encamped near Brandy the following night, and the next morning received an order from General Stuart to march to Rixeyville and move in front of General Ewell's column. I reached the head of General Ewell's column about 2 miles from Jeffersonton, and was directed by General R. E. Lee to attempt to cut off a body of the enemy's cavalry, supposed to be about two regiments, which was posted in and around Jeffersonton. Lieutenant-Colonel Ball, commanding the Eleventh, which was in front of General Ewell's column, had driven in their pickets to Jeffersonton, and found them strongly posted there behind hills, fences, and the stone wall which inclosed a church-yard. He at once attacked them with dismounted men, but had to retire after the loss of several men killed and wounded. I sent Lieutenant-Colonel Marshall with his regiment to the left and rear, and took the Twelfth (Lieutenant-Colonel Massie commanding) to the right and rear of Jeffersonton, and reached the road from that place to the Fauquier Springs, about half a mile above the springs. Here I found about a regiment of the enemy's cavalry and I ordered a charge, and a short but fierce fight ensued, and the enemy were routed and some of them pursued as far as the river. Knowing that the force which was at Jeffersonton was still in our rear, I began at once to reform the regiment, and had not completed it when I was informed that they were advancing rapidly down the road. As soon as they appeared in sight I ordered a charge.

Lieutenant-Colonel Ball, after finding that he could not drive the enemy from his position in Jeffersonton with dismounted men, had mounted his regiment, and moving to the right and rear of the enemy's position, made a vigorous charge upon his right flank, and succeeded in driving back the cavalry which supported their sharpshooters, and in cutting off their sharpshooters; but re-enforcements coming up, he, in turn, was obliged to retire, but only for a few moments, for, having rallied his men, he succeeded in starting the enemy down the road, after repeated charges. It was at this juncture that I ordered the charge of the Twelfth Regiment, and it was most gallantly responded to. The enemy, attacked in front and rear, fought well for a time, but were soon scattered in every direction, and a large number were killed, wounded, and captured. It was here that Lieutenant Poage, of the Eleventh Regiment, who had been separated from his regiment and was engaged with the Twelfth, fell mortally wounded. He was an officer of extraordinary gallantry, and had been three times before, during this year, wounded in hand-to-hand engagements with the enemy.

Subsequently the Twelfth made a gallant charge across the river, driving the enemy before them, capturing a large number and clearing the hills, &amp;c., which commanded the ford. The Seventh and Eleventh were sent up the river to cross at other fords. Sufficient infantry having crossed to secure the ford, I was ordered to move with the Twelfth to Warrenton that night. I arrived there without difficulty, capturing 47 prisoners on the way, who had been picketing at a ford above.

In the operations of this day the Twelfth Regiment captured between 275 and 300 prisoners, and the Eleventh, 150 prisoners, with

