
their horses, arms, equipments, &amp;c. The casualties in those regiments amounted to 3 officers killed and wounded, and 30 men killed and wounded.

We encamped at Warrenton that night, and the next morning, the Seventh and Eleventh having joined us, we moved in the direction of Catlett's Station. While we were within 2 miles of Catlett's Station a column of the enemy, consisting of two or more corps, retreating from the direction of Warrenton Junction, passed in our rear, and thus we were entirely cut off, but, thanks to the skill of General Stuart, we were not discovered by them until the next morning, although they had been passing within a few hundred yards of us during the whole night, and then without difficulty we retired from the position.

The next day we had some skirmishing around Manassas, but without important results.

On the following day I received an order from General Stuart to move the brigade in the direction of Gainesville, and was that night relieved from command by Brigadier-General Rosser, who had been assigned to the command of the brigade.

The brigade during this period captured about 750 prisoners, nearly all of whom were cavalrymen, with their horses, arms, and equipments. In addition to this, the loss inflicted in killed and wounded, to say nothing of demoralization, was very considerable.

I cannot too highly express my appreciation of the services of officers and men of my command in the actions which I have too imperfectly described to do them justice.

It is due to candor that I should state that all of the important results which their valor achieved in this brilliant little campaign are due to the generalship, boldness, and untiring energy of Major-General Stuart, for it was he who directed every movement of importance, and his generalship, boldness and energy won the unbounded confidence of officers and men, and gave the prestige of success.

Respectfully submitted.

O. R. FUNSTEN,

Colonel, Eleventh Regiment Virginia Cavalry.

Major H. B. McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps.

No. 110. Report of Brigadier General Pierce M. B. Young, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS BUTLER'S CAVALRY BRIGADE,December 8, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor, very respectfully, to submit this, my report of the operations of this brigade from October 9 up to the recrossing of the Rappahannock.

On October 9, I received orders to proceed with my brigade to the vicinity of Madison Court-House. I moved up to within 1 mile of Madison Court-House and encamped for the night..

On the morning of the 10th, I crossed the river in rear of and following

