
General Gordon's brigade. The enemy was encountered by General Gordon immediately after crossing the river. After falling back some miles the enemy made a stand at Bethsaida Church. His force consisted of a regiment of infantry and a small body of cavalry. I was ordered by General Stuart to move forward and attack on the enemy's right flank while General Gordon pushed him in the front. I moved my brigade around through the woods, and upon coming in sight of the enemy, drawn up in line of battle, I ordered the leading regiment to charge, which was responded to in the most cheerful and gallant manner by the First South Carolina, led by its brave lieutenant-colonel (J. D. Twiggs), who then commanded the regiment. The enemy broke and fled in all directions, utterly routed. Nearly every man in this regiment was killed or captured. The number of prisoners captured by this brigade was about 87, General Gordon capturing many others.

I followed close upon the enemy's rear, and on reaching James City I perceived that we were upon the main body of the enemy's supports, which consisted of a large division of cavalry, six pieces of artillery, and a small force of infantry. The position of the enemy on the opposite side of the run from the village was one of considerable strength. I had only two pieces of artillery. I opened upon the battery opposite men, which returned the fire vigorously from about noon until nightfall; but my two guns, under the able and skillful management of Captain Griffin, held their ground and sustained but little loss.

About 4 p.m. the enemy made a dash upon our battery, charging up to within about 200 yards of the pieces; but about 50 sharpshooters, masked behind a stone wall, under command of Captain Jones, First South Carolina, delivered a volley into them, killing several and wounding others, which caused their speedy retreat.

At dawn on the following morning it was discovered that the enemy had entirely disappeared from my front. General Stuart, proceeding with General Gordon's brigade around to our left, ordered me to remain and hold my position until further orders, and on the morning of the 11th I received orders to proceed with my whole command to Culpeper, where I wound find orders awaiting me.

I arrived at Culpeper Court-House about 3 p.m., and as we were marching through, a courier from General Rosser reported that the enemy were advancing in heavy force upon they had driven Colonel Rosser, who had been left there with one small regiment to defend the place. I moved out at a trot and deployed my brigade, about three-fourths of which I dismounted along a woody ridge called, I believe, Slaughter's Hill. Five pieces of artillery were immediately placed in position so as to sweep the road and both flanks of the enemy. I may state here that the mere defense of the town itself was a matter of little importance at this particular juncture, but the commissary and quartermaster's trains of the army were at that time loading with supplies at the depot, and would have been an inestimable loss.

My line of battle was about 1 mile in extent, Colonel Lipscomb on the right, Colonel Waring on the left, and Colonel Twiggs commanded the center. The enemy came rapidly on. Their front consisted of a heavy line of skirmishers (infantry, at least one regiment), the center and flanks supported by heavy columns of cavalry. Colonel Rosser and myself were satisfied of three brigades of cavalry,

