
and heavy bodies of troops were seen moving up in the vicinity of Brandy Station. Colonel Rosser fell back skirmishing until he reached my line, when a heavy volley was poured into the enemy simultaneously from my artillery and dismounted troops. Both sides remained stationary until night, keeping up a heavy fire of artillery and sharpshooting. I encamped upon my line of battle, causing a great number of fires to be built and kept up all night along my entire line.

At daylight on the 13th, I discovered the enemy had withdrawn. I immediately ordered a portion of my column to push down to the river, and about 30 stragglers were picked up through the woods. At sunset, according to my previous orders, I moved to Rixeyville, and next morning received an order from General R. E. Lee to proceed by way of Bealeton Station and move gradually on the right flank of our army.

While at Bealeton, on the evening of the 14th, I was ordered to join General Stuart near Bristoe Station. I came up with and joined General Stuart near Manassas Junction on the night of the 15th.

On the evening of the 16th, General Hampton's division, under the personal command of General Stuart, moved around to ascertain the position of the enemy's right flank.

About 4 p.m. of the 17th, my brigade, moving in front, came up with the enemy near Frying Pan. The front squadron charged and captured a number of the enemy's picket. The line of battle was immediately formed and we advanced upon the enemy. After about two hours' skirmishing the position of the enemy was ascertained by General Stuart, and other information gained. The object of the expedition having been accomplished, the troops were withdrawn and I took up the line of march for Hay Market. On the night of the 18th we encamped near Hay Market.

Early on the morning of the 19th the division moved for Warrenton. I received orders to cover the rear with my brigade. About 8 a.m. the enemy advanced, pursuing closely our retreat. My rear guard, consisting of one regiment, fought, gradually retiring, until about 10 a.m., when I arrived at Buckland and found the division in line of battle awaiting the enemy. They soon came up and made the attack with artillery and cavalry. A spirited but brief engagement ensued, in which my brigade was not engaged.

About noon the division retired to Chestnut Hill, in front of Warrenton, where we were again drawn up for the enemy. At 3.30 p.m. he made his appearance, and according to the plan, already agreed upon Major General Fitz. Lee attacked him in flank, while General Stuart pushed him vigorously in front with General Hampton's division. The enemy was completely routed and a splendid victory achieved over the enemy's cavalry, in which I had not the pleasure to participate, as my brigade was sent round to attack in the rear. The next day we crossed the Rappahannock and went into camp.

My loss from the 9th until the 20th was 3 killed and 5 wounded.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. M. B. YOUNG,

Brigadier-General.

Major H. B. McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

