
ordered them to turn out, which they did with great alacrity, and were prepared to defend the important points along the line of that road.

My inspector-general, Major Giles B. Cooke, assistant adjutant-general, was in charge of my office at Dublin, and was very active and energetic in organizing and disposing of this force.

The accompanying topographic sketch * will illustrate the position of the troops near White Sulphur Springs.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 37. White Sulphur Springs, August 27, 1863.

The major-general commanding tenders his cordial congratulations and thanks to the troops for their gallantry and good conduct in the action with the enemy yesterday and to-day. After a fatiguing march of twenty-four consecutive hours, they encountered the enemy in largely superior numbers, and from 9 o'clock in the morning repelled repeated and bold charges of infantry and cavalry, supported by a heavy fire of artillery, with a steadiness and spirit worthy of the highest praise. Again this morning they repelled handsomely two attacks, and forced the enemy to abandon his position and retreat in haste, pursued by cavalry and artillery.

In this engagement the Forty-fifth and Twenty-second Regiments and Twenty-third and Twenty-sixth Battalions Virginia Infantry, the Eighth Regiment and Thirty-Seventh Battalion Virginia Cavalry, and Chapman's battery, inscribed their names high on the roll of those who in this war have illustrated the valor of our troops.

No one can regard it as an invidious distinction to mention particularly the commander of the First Brigade, Colonel G. S. Patton. He exhibited admirable judgement in placing his troops in action, and his gallantry was conspicuous throughout the day.

The enemy,though in retreat, is not beyond our lines. He must be driven beyond them. With devout thanks to Almighty God for the victory He has given us, and humble trust in Him, let us press on and complete the work so happily begun.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

Numbers 4. Report of Colonel William L. Jackson, Nineteenth Virginia Cavalry, commanding brigade of operations August 21-29.
HEADQUARTERS,September 18, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the operations of my command during the recent raid of General Averell, U. S. Army.

On Friday, August 21, at 1 a. m. (my headquarters then at Camp

---------------

*See p. 47.

---------------

