
No. 111. Report of Brigadier General James B. Gordon, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS NORTH CAROLINA CAVALRY BRIGADE,December 10, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this brigade from October 9 until the recrossing of the Rappahannock:

By orders from Major-General Stuart I bivouacked this brigade near Madison Court-House on the evening of the 9th.

I moved at 3 o'clock on the morning of the 10th, with orders to cross Robertson's River at daylight at ford below the bridge leading toward Culpeper Court-House. The advance guard, under Lieutenant Benton, of the Fourth North Carolina, drove in the enemy's vedettes and charged the reserve picket about 1 mile from the river, capturing a few prisoners. He pursued the fleeing picket to their support, which consisted of a regiment of infantry with cavalry supports. I moved the brigade forward and halted near the enemy, when a number of dismounted men were sent forward.

General Stuart coming up with General Young's brigade, directed me to push forward, while he would make a flank attack with General Young. The attack was simultaneous. The enemy made but slight resistance and fled in great confusion. We pursued several miles to near James City, capturing a number of prisoners.

Finding a considerable force of infantry and cavalry at James City, I was ordered to the left to attack while General Young was skirmishing in front. The position and strength of the enemy was such that we could not dislodge them: A brisk fire was kept up until dark.

Next morning, the 11th, the enemy fell back toward Culpeper Court-House. General Stuart with this brigade moved toward Griffinsburg and intersected the Sperryville and Culpeper pike at Stone-House Mountain. I was ordered to move down the pike and push the enemy back to Culpeper Court-House. I found them in some force near Culpeper Court-House. The Fourth North Carolina charged and dispersed them. They crossed Mountain Run and took position near Wallack's house. In the charge Colonel Ferebee, of the Fourth, was wounded, and Lieutenants Baker, of the Second, and Benton, of the Fourth, were killed.

A squadron under Captain Cowles, of the First North Carolina, occupied Culpeper Court-House.

General Stuart directed a move toward Brandy Station on the left of the enemy's right, General Jones' brigade in front. Near Slaughter Bradford's house I sent the First North Carolina to attack the enemy in rear while we were moving on his flank. That command captured and killed 60 of the enemy. Near Mr. Bott's house the Fourth and Fifth were charged in flank by the Eighteenth Pennsylvania [Cavalry] and broke in considerable confusion. The brigade took no further active operations during the day.

On the morning of the 12th, I was ordered to follow the corps, then moving toward Warrenton. I crossed Hazel River about sunset and moved to Warrenton that night and occupied the town. I found Colonel Funsten at this point a portion of General Jones' brigade.

