
Next morning, the 13th, I was ordered to follow Jones' brigade toward Catlett's Station. After crossing Cedar Run near Auburn Mills, toward sunset I was informed by Lieutenant Todd, who was sent on a scout, that the enemy with a large force of infantry and cavalry had broken our communication to the rear, and were moving toward Greenwich, near the Warrenton and Centreville pike. It was communicated to General Stuart, who came up with Jones' brigade from the front, and finding the enemy too strong to cut through, remained under cover near the road the enemy were passing until daylight. We were surrounded by Yankees in force on all sides. Our situation seemed critical; but the troops having unbounded confidence in the resources of the major-general commanding, remained quiet and determined during the night.

At daylight the order to attack was given. It was a surprise to the enemy. They were thrown in great confusion, which enabled the general to withdraw the brigades with but comparatively small loss. It was at this point the First North Carolina made a gallant charge on an infantry regiment, dispersing it and protecting our left flank. It was here the gallant and accomplished Colonel Thomas Ruffin was killed leading his command into the charge. After being extricated from this very unpleasant situation we moved toward Bristoe Station.

On the 15th, it was ordered to Manassas Junction, where I found the enemy's pickets and drove him in. Found quite a force of cavalry about 2 miles below the junction. Made an attack on them, which lasted until dark. The enemy withdrew, leaving their dead upon the field.

The next day, the 16th, we moved with Young's and Rosser's brigades toward Frying Pan Church. Made a demonstration upon the enemy's flank and rear. Were ordered back to near Gainesville.

On the 18th, we met the Yankee cavalry, under Kilpatrick, at Buckland Mills. After several hours' skirmishing we were ordered to fall back between New Baltimore and Warrenton, drawing slowly after us Kilpatrick's division. General Fitz. Lee came up in the meantime and attacked in flank. As his guns opened General Stuart ordered me to advance rapidly on the pike. I met the enemy posted near New Baltimore; Rosser and Young were on my flanks. The First North Carolina, in front, was ordered to charge. It moved promptly at the command, led by Major Barringer and Captain Cowles. The enemy fled in great confusion and were pursued for several miles with unrelenting fury. Captain Cowles acted with that conspicuous gallantry which always characterizes him. He captured (with a portion of the First and Second Regiments) 5 wagons and 2 ambulances.

The following day we recrossed the Rappahannock.

The inspector reports about 500 prisoners captured by this brigade. The killed and wounded of the enemy not known. My loss was about 125 killed, wounded, and missing.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. GORDON,

Brigadier-General.

Major H. B. McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps.

