
encamped near Culpeper Court-House, I remained behind with my cavalry division, and H. H. Walker's and Johnston's brigades of infantry, and Chew's and Breathed's batteries of horse artillery, to hold our south of the Rapidan.

Upon the afternoon of the 10th, Buford's division of cavalry crossed the river at Germanna Ford, capturing a portion of one of the companies of First Maryland Cavalry, Lomax's brigade, and moved up the river toward Morton's Ford, their progress being gallantly disputed by a detachment of dismounted sharpshooters of Lomax's brigade, under Lieutenant-Colonel Pate, Fifth Virginia Cavalry.

Early on the morning of the 11th, I attacked them by moving Lomax's and W. H. F. Lee's brigades (the latter under command of Colonel J. R. Chambliss, jr., Thirteenth Virginia, and the two under Lomax) directly upon them, while I crossed the river above them at Raccoon Ford with Wickham's brigade (under command of Colonel T. H. Owen, Third Virginia Cavalry) and Johnston's brigade of infantry (under command of Colonel Garrett, of Fifth North Carolina), and moved down upon their flank and rear. Its effect was to cause the enemy to rapidly recross the Rapidan at Morton's. They were then driven to Stevensburg, from there to Brandy Station, from there to the Rappahannock River, being dislodged from every position in which they made a stand by simultaneous attack in front, rear, and flank, with considerable loss to them. At Brandy I united with General Stuart (commanding Hampton's division) in time to attack Kilpatrick's flank, who was retreating before him, and, after a very severe engagement, the enemy was driven across the Rappahannock River.

I encamped that night near Welford's Ford, on the Hazel River. General H. H. Walker's brigade, which was left at Rapidan Station, in the meantime crossed the river and moved down the line of the railroad toward Culpeper Court-House, and the next day was ordered to rejoin its division.

Upon the morning of the 12th, I was ordered to move with my division (crossing the Hazel at Starke's Ford) to Fox's Mill, on the Rappahannock, where I remained all night, driving in the enemy's pickets and holding the north bank of the river. Johnston's brigade of infantry was ordered to move from Brandy and rejoin its command.

Upon the 13th, I moved to Warrenton. From thence down the road toward Catlett's Station, where I found Lomax's brigade (which had preceded me) engaged with the enemy's infantry near Auburn. Then moving through that place I engaged them only sufficient to ascertain their line of march, then withdrew my command and encamped on Warrenton road.

On the 14th, I was ordered to move on the left flank of our army, and marched via New Baltimore and Gainesville to the vicinity of Bristoe Station, where I remained all night.

On the 15th, marched to Manassas, where I came upon the enemy's rear and drove them across Bull Run, where, after some heavy skirmishing (it being ascertained the enemy were stationed on the opposite side in large force of infantry and artillery to dispute the passage of the various fords), I withdrew my command and encamped near Manassas.

I remained at Manassas during the 16th, and near Bristoe Station on the 17th and 18th, protecting the rear of our army, which moved back on the last-named day to the line of the Rappahannock.

Upon the 17th, the enemy's cavalry crossed Bull Run and advanced

