
upon Colonel Chambliss in superior force. That officer retired with his brigade toward Bristoe.

On the 19th, I moved back via Catlett's to Auburn, from which place, by a preconcerted plan, I marched against the rear and flank of Kilpatrick at Buckland, General Stuart (in command of Hampton's division), in accordance with the same plan, having fallen back to within 2 1/2 miles of Warrenton, in order to draw Kilpatrick on. He was easily misled, and General Stuart having attacked him in front while the attack on his flank was progressing, his command was routed and pursued until after dark, losing some 200 prisoners, several wagons and ambulances; among them, I learn, was the headquarters wagon of General Custer. Prisoners were also taken from the First Army Corps near Gainesville, behind which Kilpatrick had taken refuge. I encamped that night at Buckland, and the next day (20th) recrossed the Rappahannock at Beverly Ford.

I have the honor to mention as specially coming under my observation the good conduct of Brigadier-General Lomax; Colonel T. H. Owen, Third Virginia Cavalry, commanding Wickham's brigade; Colonel J. R. Chambliss, jr., commanding Lee's brigade, and Colonel T. M. Garrett, commanding Johnston's brigade.

My thanks are due for assistance rendered by my staff officers-Majors Ferguson, Bowie, and Mason, and Lieutenants Lee and Minigerode.

I refer to the accompanying reports from subordinate commanders for a more detailed commendation for gallantry displayed.

My loss during the series of engagements was as follows:

Command.	 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing

Lomax's brigade	 10	 57	 45

Wickham's brigade	 19	 119	 9

W. H. F. Lee's brigade	 6	 38	 21

Johnston's brigade	 4	 38	 3

Chew's battery	 ---	 3	 ---

Breathed's battery	 2	 11 	 ---

Total	 41	 266	 78

Among the killed were Captains Newton and Williams, of the Fourth Virginia Cavalry. The former was commanding his regiment and was killed in a charge at the head of it. He was an officer of extraordinary merit and promise, and his death is deeply felt and mourned.

My loss in horses was considerable, one brigade (Wickham's) having 107 killed in action.

The enemy's losses were very great, and I regret no account was kept of the prisoners taken at various times from them. A large number of horses, saddles, bridles, pistols, and long-range guns were also secured.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

FITZ. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major H. B. McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps.

