
I next met the enemy at Auburn on the 13th, when my brigade was again dismounted, and opposed to the advancing columns of the enemy's infantry on the road from Warrenton Junction to Auburn. They held their position for some time and caused the enemy's battery to change position, though it was pouring canister through the woods furiously. The whole line was soon withdrawn by General Fitz. Lee's order, but not before my men had been exposed to a heavy fire of artillery and had contended most gallantly with the enemy's infantry.

I next came up with the enemy at McLean's Ford on the 15th. My brigade was again dismounted, and, moving en masse, drove the enemy across the run and occupied the rifle-pits on this side. A heavy force of infantry, strongly posted on the opposite bank and supported by artillery, commanded the ford. After holding the position for an hour under heavy fire, my men were withdrawn without loss. I then moved my command to the support of General Gordon, who was driving the enemy on the Brentsville road, but darkness precluded the possibility of another fight for that day.

On the 16th, my brigade, with that of Colonel Chambliss, was in position at Bristoe Station, where the enemy threatened all day, but when they attempted to advance were repulsed by a few well-directed shots from Chew's battery. This was my last engagement with the enemy during the campaign. Being in the rear at Buckland, I only arrived on the field in time to join in a rapid pursuit.

The casualties in the brigade were as follows: Killed, 10; wounded, 60; and missing, 45, one-half of which at least were captured at Germanna and other fords before crossing the Rapidan.

My thanks are especially due the commanders of regiments for their valuable services rendered throughout the campaign. Ever at the post of duty and danger, they gallantly led their commands into battle and set an example of heroic and cheerful endurance worthy the imitation of all.

The officers and men of Chew's battery were ever eager for the fight, and seemed to vie with the sharpshooters as to which should have the front. They rendered valuable service on every occasion.

My staff performed their duties always with energy and faithfulness, and rendered effective service.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

L. L. LOMAX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major J. D. FERGUSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Lee's Cavalry Division.

No. 114. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Ridgely Brown, First Maryland Cavalry Battalion.

OCTOBER 23, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following statement of the part taken by my battalion in the late campaign:

I left camp the morning of the 11th, with 140 men, one squadron of 110 men being at the time on picket from Mitchell's to Germanna Fords.

