
On encountering the enemy at Morton's Ford, I dismounted my men and deployed them on the left in conjunction with the Fifth Virginia Cavalry. We were exposed to a severe fire from the enemy's battery and sharpshooters, and lost 3 men killed and 8 wounded, but our fire told upon the enemy. When we came up with the enemy again at Stevensburg, I dismounted my men, and we followed the enemy almost at a double-quick to Brandy Station. My men were much exhausted by this, but they were always up with the advanced line of skirmishers, and used their long-rangers with good effect upon the enemy's cavalry. Though forced to retire several times, they contested every inch of ground, and once, when completely surrounded by the enemy's cavalry, fought hand to hand, using their pistols with effect.

I lost here 2 men wounded, a lieutenant and 4 men captured. Captain Emack, with about a dozen mounted men, also charged several times with the other regiments of the brigade, capturing some prisoners, and having 1 man wounded.

We were next engaged with the enemy on the 13th near Auburn. My men were dismounted and deployed in the edge of a woods. Our fire made the enemy move his battery, and held his cavalry in check until we were obliged to retire before a large force of infantry. Here I had one gallant fellow killed (Private Shipley, Company A).

Our next engagement was at Bull Run on the 15th. We had a hot skirmish with the enemy for an hour, but finding it impossible to dislodge him we retired, without the loss of a man. Two horses were killed by a shell in moving off. The men immediately moved to the right. My men again dismounted and pushed a mile to the front to assist General Gordon, but night coming on, we retired without being engaged.

On the 18th, the brigade being in position at Bristoe to resist the enemy, my command had position on the left of the railroad, and poured a volley into the enemy's ranks; but they retired so quickly we could not tell the effect of our fire.

In the engagement near Buckland on the 19th, we could not get up in time to do much, though my boys were as ever eager for fight, and double-quicked to the front in time to give the enemy a few farewell shots and capture a number of prisoners. My command also did its full share of picketing during the campaign. The squadron that was left on the Rapidan overtook me on the 14th.

My total loss in the campaign was 4 men killed, 11 wounded, a lieutenant and 4 men captured.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. BROWN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain C. POWELL GRADY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 115. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John Shac Green, Sixth Virginia Cavalry.

OCTOBER 23, 1863.

CAPTAIN: Pursuant to orders from brigade headquarters, I respectfully

