
submit the following report of the part this regiment took in the recent campaign:

Under orders this regiment proceeded toward Morton's Ford, under command of Colonel Julian Harrison, with the brigade, where the enemy were found occupying both sides of the river in force. Our sharpshooters were here dismounted and proceeded to engage the enemy. After a stubborn resistance of about three hours they were compelled to retire to the north bank of the Rapidan, our sharpshooters following closely. The regiment crossed the river, the enemy in full retreat.

At Stevensburg our sharpshooters were again dismounted, the enemy having made a stand, but after a short resistance were driven from their position and made a hasty retreat toward Brandy Station. This regiment, together with the Fifth Virginia, here charged them and drove them beyond the station. A division of the enemy's cavalry, under the command of General Kilpatrick, making their appearance on front and rear, compelled us to fall back and reform. This was speedily done, when we charged Kilpatrick's command, in which charge Colonel Harrison received a severe flesh wound in the thigh. The enemy made a stubborn resistance in the neighborhood of the station, and were not driven off until after two or three hours' severe fighting.

Our loss here was 2 mortally wounded, 15 wounded, and several horses killed.

The regiment that night encamped near Beverly Ford, and the next day took up the line of march to Warrenton Springs, crossing the Rappahannock at Foxville, encamping for the night between Warrenton Springs and Warrenton.

Early on the morning of the 13th, we marched in the direction of New Baltimore via Auburn. The enemy having made their appearance near Auburn, we were ordered back, and proceeded to engage them with our sharpshooters, and held them in check until overpowered by a superior force of infantry supported by artillery, when they [we] were compelled to retire, and encamped for the night in sound of the enemy's drums.

The morning of the 15th, we proceeded to Manassas, where the advance of the brigade encountered the enemy at McLean's Ford and drove them across the river. This regiment, with the rest of the brigade, skirmished with them some two or three hours, and encamped at Manassas for the night.

We remained in the neighborhood of Manassas until the morning of the 18th, when, the enemy being reported to be advancing toward Bristoe, we occupied the station and sent a squadron to find out the movements of the enemy, who were about half a mile from Bristoe. The enemy, attempting to advance, were driven back by the artillery.

The 19th, this regiment, with the brigade, were ordered to Buckland, where, though not actively engaged, our sharpshooters captured several prisoners, and the evening of the 20th recrossed to the south side of the Rappahannock River at Beverly Ford.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN SHAC GREEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Sixth Cavalry, Commanding.

Captain C. POWELL GRADY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

