
No. 116. Report of Major C. R. Collins, Fifteenth Virginia Cavalry.

OCTOBER 27, 1863.

GENERAL: In accordance with your instructions I have the honor of making the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the various engagements since October 10 at Morton's Ford:

As we approached the Rapidan the enemy were discovered moving up the river toward Morton's Ford. One squadron from my regiment was thrown to the front, while two squadrons were dismounted and pushed into the woods and rifle-pits fronting the river. Immediately afterward the remainder of the regiment was dismounted, Company F, Captain Cooper commanding, being thrown out on the extreme right. As the enemy withdrew these sharpshooters advanced rapidly. Company F, pushing obliquely forward, drove a squadron of the enemy from the hill above the ford and followed them to the river. The whole line of dismounted men, with the infantry, advanced after this to the river, the enemy occupying the opposite bank. In this engagement 2 men were wounded.

After mounting the regiment we crossed the river, taking the Stevensburg road. As we approached Brandy some ambulances and stragglers of the enemy were seen retiring toward Brandy from Culpeper Court-House. I was ordered to cut them off. As we crossed the railroad to intercept them I discovered a heavy force of the enemy coming from the woods near Botts' house, and turned down the railroad to meet them and ascertain their force, which I estimated at least a brigade, moving toward us. When they saw our position they sent a force across the railroad in our front and advanced toward us. I them withdrew the regiment, covering its withdrawal by a company of skirmishers.

As I withdrew with this company I found the regiments that had gone to Brandy Station retiring rapidly. I halted until I found Chew's battery in position and then posted my regiment for its support. The battery, after driving back the enemy who had crossed the railroad, opened on those who were retreating in disorder from General Stuart's attack. As this force was much broken and scattered, I moved forward intending to try and cut some of them off; but as we passed the point where the railroad enters the woods near Brandy the enemy opened a heavy fire on our right flank. We turned to the right and charged them, driving them beyond Brandy. In this charge the regiment was cut in two by the Fifth Regiment [Virginia Cavalry] charging obliquely through us.

After following the enemy to their support we fell back into the woods and formed, under a very heavy fire from a force on the opposite side of the railroad. We charged this force and drove in back until we were met by two parties of the enemy, one on each flank. The one on our left was checked momentarily by one of the other regiments of the brigade. We fell back again a short distance, rallied, and repeated the charge. These charges were made five or six times, and as we were forming after the last charge the enemy withdrew their entire force. After this we marched to the vicinity of Welford's Ford and rejoined the brigade.

Our loss in this engagement was 2 killed, 14 wounded, 4 wounded and missing. Among the number was Captain Capps, Company C.

