
On Tuesday afternoon, October 13, the enemy approached Auburn. My regiment was dismounted, and advancing through the woods occupied by the enemy's skirmishers, drove them back to their main body, which we found to consist of a large force on infantry with artillery, which opened a heavy fire of canister upon us. As the enemy advanced in large force we fell back to our led horses, with the loss of 1 man wounded and 1 missing.

On the following Thursday, we found the enemy near McLean's Ford. My regiment was dismounted and with the rest of the brigade advanced to the ford, driving the enemy's pickets across Bull Run, capturing 2 or 3 of them and occupying the rifle-pits, while the enemy occupied the opposite side with infantry and artillery. After some firing we withdrew with the loss of 2 wounded, one of whom was Adjutant Dickinson, who was severely wounded and his horse killed under him.

On Sunday, my regiment was posted at Millford, the ford above Bristoe, but no attempt was made to cross at this point and the regiment was withdrew after dark.

On Monday, on the march to Buckland, we marched in rear with one squadron out as rear guard, but had no encounter with the enemy, nor were we engaged in the attack on Kilpatrick near Buckland.

In the engagements on Sunday, Captain Cooper, of Company F, rendered most efficient service, both in leading his company at the head of the regiment and in rallying and forming the men for the repeated charges. After the last charge, in rescuing one of our men from the enemy, his horse was shot and he was overpowered and captured, but fortunately made his escape.

In the various engagements, Private Cockerell, of Company D, was exceedingly useful to me as courier, besides rendering good service in several encounters with the enemy. Much praise is also due to many whom I could name and whose services will be remembered, while, I regret to say, there were others who sought trivial excuses for leaving their companies when their services were most needed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. COLLINS,

Major, Commanding Fifteenth Virginia Cavalry.

Brigadier-General LOMAX,

Commanding.

No. 117. Report of Colonel Thomas H. Owen, Third Virginia Cavalry, commanding Wickham's brigade.
HEADQUARTERS WICKHAM'S CAVALRY BRIGADE,October 25, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by Wickham's brigade in the late movement toward Manassas:

In obedience to orders I left my camp near Orange Springs with my command, exclusive of Captain Christian and 36 men, of the Third Virginia Cavalry and Captain Strother and squadron, of the Fourth Virginia Cavalry, who were left on picket on the Rappahannock River.

