
On Friday morning, the 9th instant, I encamped for the night on the Honorable Jeremiah Morton's farm.

I remained in the same camp Saturday, the 10th instant. Late Saturday evening the enemy crossed in considerable force at Morton's Ford; drove in and captured some of Brigadier-General Lomax's men on picket at that place; but they soon recrossed the river to the north side of the Rapidan.

Sunday morning, the 11th instant, I crossed the river at Raccoon Ford, and finding the enemy in line of battle near Stringfellow's house, I was ordered to charge the enemy's battery and take it. The First Regiment [Virginia Cavalry] (Colonel Carter) being in front, I ordered him, supported by the Third [Virginia Cavalry] (commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Carter), to charge up the road, and the Fourth and Second Regiments [Virginia Cavalry] to take their positions out in the field on the left-hand side of the road to support Captain Breathed's battery, which was being brought into position, and also to support the First and Third Regiments in case of emergency. Just as I got in short range of the enemy's sharpshooters (deployed on foot) the order to charge was countermanded by the commanding general, who discovered that the enemy's battery was much more strongly supported than was first supposed, and in executing the perilous maneuver of changing front in face of the enemy some disorder ensued; but they soon rallied, and seeing the exigency of the case, I ordered the sharpshooters of the Third and First to be dismounted and place along a fence, and at the same time ordered the rest of these two regiments (Third and First) to be posted, with drawn sabers, to protect Breathed's battery, which was in position and doing good execution. The sharpshooters of the Second and Fourth Regiments were dismounted and deployed in a piece of woods on our left to protect our left flank.

The enemy's sharpshooters still advancing, the Fourth Regiment was ordered to charge them and break their line. This was done, and it was in this charge that the gallant Newton (captain, and commanding the Fourth Virginia Cavalry) fell at the head of his regiment; also Captain Williams, of the Prince William company, fell mortally wounded and afterward expired. My sharpshooters advanced, driving back the enemy, who continued to retire till they reached Stevensburg, where they were forced to make a short stand, being passed. I then charged them with the Third, Second, and Fourth Regiments alternately, the First being ordered to remain with the battery. The Third, Second, and Fourth Regiments all behaved very well indeed, in their respective charges at the latter place. The enemy gave way under our furious attack and determined onslaught and fell back rapidly, and we advanced beyond Brandy Station in the direction of Beverly Ford in pursuit of them.

I had scarcely formed my command in a few hundred yards from this place before a cloud of dust was discovered approaching from the direction of Culpeper Court-House, which was raised by Kilpatrick retreating before General Stuart, commanding Hampton's division. They soon opened a brisk fire upon us from near Kennedy's, and finding the enemy on three sides of us, and not knowing General Stuart's position in Kilpatrick's rear, I fell back on the Stevensburg road near Brandy under a galling fire from Kennedy's and Miller's hills. Hearing Stuart's guns, I advanced again and followed the enemy, who fell back rapidly and in much disorder toward Rappahannock Bridge. Altogether the victory was very complete, with a

