
slight loss on our side compared to that of the enemy, which was immense. The men generally were highly elated and gratified at the result of the whole day's fighting. Leaving the Second Regiment, on picket, I came back up the road and went into camp on Botts' farm.

The next morning, the 12th, I moved down below Brandy to Miller's Hill to support the Second Regiment, the enemy being reported advancing. At 12 m. I moved toward Jeffersonton, crossing at Starke's Ford. A short time after getting there (to Jeffersonton) I was ordered to move toward the Hedgeman River and cross at Fox's Ford if I could, which I did without much difficulty by charging across with the Third Regiment, driving in the enemy pickets and taking possession of the heights overlooking the ford and the roads leading toward Warrenton Springs and Bealeton Station, with the sharpshooters of the Third deployed.

After crossing over all of my command (except the First Regiment and battery, both of which were ordered to remain on the same side on which they were till morning, it being dark before I reached the ford), and having accomplished all that was necessary, Lomax's brigade crossed and went into camp on the Warrenton Springs road near Warrenton Springs.

Tuesday, the 13th, I moved to Warrenton, and thence went out on the road leading to Catlett's Station, on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, and encountered the enemy in heavy force near Auburn covering and protecting their trains. My sharpshooters, with those of the other two brigades in the division, were dismounted and deployed, and after exchanging a few shots I withdrew and went into camp 4 miles from Catlett's.

Wednesday, the 14th, moved via New Baltimore and Gainesville to Langyher's Mill and went into camp.

Thursday, 15th instant, moved to Manassas, and coming up with the enemy near said place, I dismounted my sharpshooters, who, with those of Lomax's brigade, deployed and soon became heavily engaged with the enemy, and drove them across Bull Run into their intrenchments. They remained there till night, when I withdrew, leaving pickets, and went into camp near Manassas.

Breathed's battery suffered heavily in the last-mentioned engagement, being exposed to an enfilading and cross-fire from the enemy's batteries on the heights beyond Bull Run, but, nevertheless, Breathed did splendid work. The artillery and infantry fire both were quite heavy, and a number of our men were wounded.

Friday, the 16th, the enemy remained quiet till late in the evening, but soon retired across the run again, and we went into camp again near the junction.

Saturday, the 17th, learning that the enemy were threatening to advance from Groveton, we moved to Gainesville, and thence toward Groveton, to support Captain Randolph, commanding the Fourth Regiment, which was on picket at Gainesville. I threw out my skirmishers and soon drove them (the enemy) back. This being accomplished I moved back and encamped on Ellis' place, near Langyher's Mill.

Sunday, the 18th, moved to Langyher's Mill and encamped there that day and night, leaving the Fourth Regiment still on picket at Gainesville. Late in the evening the enemy advanced in considerable force, driving in our pickets, but Captain Randolph threw out all of his sharpshooters and skirmished with the enemy until late at

