
night, when he withdrew after everything was quiet, falling back on the pike toward Buckland, leaving a strong picket at Gainesville.

Monday morning, the 19th, I withdrew my pickets and moved about daybreak to Auburn via Bristoe and Catlett's Stations. Having learned here through a courier that General Stuart, commanding Hampton's division, had fallen back nearly to Warrenton before the enemy, General Fitz. Lee, with his division, determined to strike the flank of the enemy about Greenwich or Buckland, and advancing on for this purpose, the Second Regiment in front, came upon and captured the enemy's pickets near Greenwich.

My command being in front, I was ordered to dismount all of my sharpshooters and deploy them on the right and left of the road, and bring up Breathed's battery and put it in position. This being done in face of shot and shell, as soon as General Stuart heard our guns he faced about and attacked them in front, while General Lee attacked them furiously on their flank. They were soon routed and made to flee precipitately across the run near Buckland for safety. Taking advantage of the opportunity, I pressed forward with my sharpshooters and took possession of the bridge and ford at Buckland, and forced those of the enemy who were cut off to leave the road to their right and flee across the run above the bridge and ford. This they did pell-mell, in great disorder and confusion, to save themselves the best way they could; but a great many were captured, killed, and drowned, and a number of their wagons and ambulances were also captured in their flight.

General Lee, seeing that they were badly routed and demoralized, ordered me to continue my pursuit, which I did, after crossing our battery and taking a good position on the hill beyond the run and firing several shells into the rear of their retreating column. I advanced my command at a trot until I reached within about 100 yards of them, when I ordered a charge of the Third Regiment, and then the Second, and then the First Regiments, driving the enemy back upon a reserve of infantry, capturing and killing a good many, especially infantry. After driving them about 3 miles, and it becoming very dark, I was ordered to withdraw, which I did with a good many prisoners, horses, equipments and arms, &amp;c., leaving a picket behind, and encamped for the night near Buckland. Thus ended a fight which crowned our arms with the most signal cavalry victory of the war, as the enemy's cavalry, supported by infantry, was worse routed and demoralized than I have ever known them before.

Tuesday, the 20th, I moved to Auburn, and thence to the Rappahannock River, and crossed at Beverly Ford at 9 p.m. and went into camp on Dr. Green's farm.

During this expedition my men and horses suffered very much from want of food. Though at one time three or four days consecutively without rations, my men straggled but little, and bore their privations with fortitude worthy of freemen fighting for their rights, and in battle they conducted themselves well, so much so that on making careful inquiry only a few cases are reported of parties who behaved themselves unworthily, and these were boys for the first time under fire.

The following individuals have been mentioned by the commanding officers for gallant and meritorious conduct: In Third Virginia Cavalry, Private William J. Yancy, Company C; Corpl. Robert Page and Private Thomas M. Fowler, Company G; Corpl. M. J. Oliver,

