
Company E; Privates J. A. Green, John M. Fisher, George Fisher, and Thomas A. Neal, Company H; Private Hunt, Company K.

None particularly mentioned by the commandants of the other regiments, who express themselves highly gratified at the conduct of their officers and men. I must say that I never knew officers behave with more coolness and bravery, nor men fight better since the commencement of the war.

Captain John M. Lee, assistant adjutant-general of this brigade, deserves credit and applause for gallantry and promptness in the aid and assistant rendered me in bearing orders, cheering the men in our various charges, and assisting in rallying them again after charging. He was frequently in the hottest of the fight.

Lieutenant Clement Carrington, of the Third Virginia Cavalry, who acted as aide-de-camp, deserves credit also for coolness and gallantry in the discharge of his duties.

In conclusion, I am happy to be able to say that the casualties in battle were moderately few, compared with those of the enemy (and the number of prisoners, horses, and equipments, carbines, pistols, sabers, &amp;c., captured). My loss being as follows: Killed, 17; wounded, 129 (4 mortally); missing, 8.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

THOS. H. OWEN,

Colonel, Commanding Wickham's Brigade.

Major J. D. FERGUSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Lee's Cavalry Division.

No. 118. Report of Colonel John R. Chambliss, jr., Thirteenth Virginia Cavalry, commanding Lee's brigade.
HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CAVALRY BRIGADE,October 24, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following condensed report of the operations of this brigade in the series of engagements extending from October 11 to 21:

On the morning of the 11th instant, I was ordered to the support of General L. L. Lomax at Morton's Ford, on the Rapidan, where, against a superior force and a heavy fire of artillery, the enemy were driven across the river with slight loss on our side. The brigade then crossed the river in rear of General Lomax. The Tenth Virginia Cavalry being ordered to support Chew's battery on the road leading to Stevensburg, I moved with the Ninth and Thirteenth Virginia Cavalry to Brandy Station, where the enemy, strongly posted, were engaged with other brigades. Finding a large force of the enemy on the left of the station, I ordered Major Waller, commanding Ninth Virginia Cavalry, to charge, and succeeded in driving the enemy's sharpshooters from the woods near the station, and then ordered Major Gillette, commanding Thirteenth Virginia Cavalry, to charge the supporting force of these sharpshooters, which was gallantly executed under a terrible fire of artillery.

In this engagement our loss was considerable, Major Waller and Major Gillette both being wounded, the latter severely. A few prisoners were captured and the enemy were compelled to retire.

The brigade was ordered to Beverly Ford and the next day up the Hazel River, crossing at Rixeyville, and the Rappahannock the ensuing

