
day at Fox's Ford early in the morning, thence with the division to vicinity of Warrenton. After a short rest we moved toward Catlett's Station. Nearing Auburn we encountered the enemy's infantry, and, after some sharpshooting in position on right of General Lomax, were withdrawn, leaving picket in our front.

The next day, October 14, the brigade moved with division to Manassas, and the enemy were found deployed on the plains. I was ordered to advance and take possession of Mitchell's Ford on Bull Run, which was quickly performed by my dismounted sharpshooters in a charge though the woods and down to the river under a sharp fire of musketry, under the immediate command of brave Captain Haynes, Ninth Virginia Cavalry, who, I fear, was mortally wounded in the charge. Too much praise cannot be awarded this gallant officer for his high military character and bearing. In the evening we left this position under orders and encamped near the junction of the railroads.

The next day, the 16th, the brigade, posted on road from Manassas to Brentsville, was ordered about sunset to encamp in the rear of Manassas, which was hardly reached before the enemy appeared in superior force. A charge of the Ninth Virginia Cavalry and of the sharpshooters being repulsed, and having been directed, if forced, to retire toward Bristoe, I did so, and reported the state of affairs to infantry officer there commanding.

Here we remained until the next morning, the 17th, the enemy in meantime having appeared at Bristoe and been forced to disappear by a few well-directed artillery shots. The brigade then moved to Catlett's Station, leaving a picket at the place with instructions to retire to Rappahannock Station if pressed.

The brigade was next ordered toward Buckland, and arriving found Wickham's brigade engaged with the enemy. My sharpshooters were dismounted and thrown forward rapidly, and assisted materially in routing the enemy and capturing many prisoners. The brigade, along with the division, the ensuing day crossed the Rappahannock at Beverly Ford after an arduous and fatiguing campaign in which men and officers generally behaved with great credit.

The following I have the honor to report as having acted with distinguished courage and gallantry, and to append a list of killed, wounded, and missing:*

Captain T. W. Haynes, Company H, Ninth Virginia Cavalry; Sergt. E. F. Hundlay, Company F, Ninth Virginia Cavalry; Privates J. B. Bentley, A. S. Whitlock, P. E. Lipscombe, W. L. Waring, sr., Company F, Ninth Virginia Cavalry; Second Sergt. H. R. Berrier, Company B, Tenth Virginia Cavalry; First Sergt. H. F. White, Company C, Tenth Virginia Cavalry; Second Sergt. H. C. Winston, Company I, Tenth Virginia Cavalry; First Sergt. T. S. Holland, Company K, Tenth Virginia Cavalry; First Sergt. W. F. Kenneday, Company A, Tenth Virginia Cavalry; Private Junius K. Gwaltney, Company H, Thirteenth Virginia Cavalry, who have on all occasions acted with marked gallantry, although there are many others who are believed to be equally as meritorious.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JNO. R. CHAMBLISS, Jr.,

Colonel, Commanding Lee's Cavalry Brigade.

Major J. D. FERGUSON,

A. A. G.

---------------

*See statement appended.

---------------

