
City was delayed two days by rough weather, during which time some of the forces of Colonel Hinton recrossed the Chowan. The organization of the company in Pasquotank County was broken up, and muster-rolls secured. The enrolling officers in Perquimans and Chowan fled over the river in hot haste.

That the Union feeling is rapidly spreading in that region is clear, from the fact that Colonel Hinton required nearly 1,000 Louisiana Tigers and Georgia troops to enforce the conscription. This view is confirmed by Colonel Mix, who states that a large majority of the people hailed the arrival of the troops with satisfaction.

I believe that the occupation of Elizabeth City is due to the many tried friends in that quarter. A small force there would hold in check the parties of rangers sent over to break up the canal navigation, and could aid in checking the enormous contraband trade carried on between the two banks of the Chowan and Albemarle Sound. Some idea of the latter can be formed from the fact that about 8,000,000 pounds of bacon crossed from the north last season.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina.

No. 2. Report of Captain William L. Kent, Twenty-third Massachusetts Infantry.

NEW BERNE, N. C., October 17, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the subjoined report of the movements and operations of my detachment during the late reconnaissance under your command to the Pasquotank River and vicinity:

In obedience to Paragraph VI, Special Orders, No. 121, from headquarters Forces and Defenses of New Berne, I reported at wharf foot of Craven street with a detachment of 100 men, with 2 commissioned officers in addition to myself, from the Twenty-third Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry, at 12 midnight of Saturday, the 10th instant, and embarked on transport steamer Jersey Blue and at 2 a.m. steamed down the Neuse. At 2 p.m. on the 13th, landed at Elizabeth City, N. C., and threw out pickets on all the roads leading out of the city. On the direct road to Woodville placed a piece of artillery from Belger's battery, under command of Lieutenant Smith, which I supported with 50 men of my command. On the following morning, Lieutenant Smith was ordered to join the cavalry column with his piece of artillery, which he did, taking the direction of Woodville. On the afternoon of the 14th, my pickets on the river road fired on a notorious guerrilla, who showed himself on the road for a few moments, but so far as I could learn without effect; being mounted on a fleet horse he escaped to the woods. The name of this man is Jack Heath, one of the most notorious outlaws of that section.

I met here many loyal men of the better class of citizens, some of whom furnished me with valuable information. Mr. Price, of Nixonton,

