
had landed my troops or assumed command of the town. Such things are extremely disgraceful, and the army is thus saddled with the stigma of vandalism by the larger portion of the citizens, who do not discriminate between the soldier and the sailor.

The Jersey Blue, drawing too much water to allow of her nearing the pier, I was obliged to use the Colonel Rucker as a lighter to land my men. I met many loyal citizens here who would be glad to see a Union garrison in this city. The Messrs. Bond and Mr. Bland, of this place, may always be depended on for information in relation to matters of importance in this section. They are men who have suffered much, and are ready to suffer more on account of their loyalty to the United States Government.

On the 15th, at 9 a.m., the cavalry and artillery having arrived, withdrew my pickets and re-embarked on board the Jersey Blue and sailed at once for New Berne, where I arrived safely at 8.30 on the 17th, and at once took measures to rejoin my regiment, which had preceded me to the vicinity of Fortress Monroe, Va. Being ordered to take the regular train at once, for Morehead, I was unable to report to you in person.

I beg leave respectfully to state that the rations which were placed on board steamer Jersey Blue for the use of my command, and which I was informed on the night of embarkation were sufficient for 100 men for seven days, proved to be but five days' rations for 100 men.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. L. KENT,

Captain, 23rd Mass. Inf. Vols., Commanding Inf. Detachment.

Colonel S. H. MIX,

Third New York Cavalry.

OCTOBER 12-13, 1863.-Scout from Vienna to Gum Springs, Va.

Report of Colonel Charles R. Lowell, jr., Second Massachusetts Cavalry.

VIENNA, VA., October 13, 1863.

SIR: Left camp yesterday morning, in accordance with your dispatch, with 200 men; passed through Thornton and Hendrick's [Herndon] Station; through Frying Pan to Gum Springs. Sent a party of Ball's Mills, and passed the night near Gum Springs. Could learn of only small parties of White's men between Goose Creek and the Little River pike. Learned positively that Mosby had gone toward Fairfax Court-House Sunday afternoon and had not returned. Finding nothing of the co-operating party, I returned to-day to camp, as I had left only 7 men for duty, and was anxious about its safety.

Detachment of 60 men, under Captain Rumery, met a party of White's men; killed 1 man and took 3 of their horses. This party remains near Gum Springs, and will take care of any scattered parties of White's who come that way. Two hundred men of Colonel Baker's command have to-day gone up in the same direction after White. Captain Holman, Second Massachusetts Cavalry, has been sent with him.

A prisoner retaken from Mosby states that on Sunday evening

