
camp, which was found deserted, and thence to Indiantown bridge, by way of the great swamp road, a distance of 7 miles. When the advance arrived in sight of the bridge, a squad of 30 or 40 guerrillas were discovered on the bridge, but immediately fled to woods on the approach of our forces. The swamp was skirmished and shelled (a small howitzer having been taken with the expedition), but without effecting anything. The column passed 3 miles beyond the bridge to major Gregory's house, and there halted, after carefully scouting the country in every direction, but without finding the enemy which was known to be there about 300 strong.

Lieutenant W. E. A. Bird was then sent with 12 men to arrest Silas F. Gregory, a notorious guerrilla, but who has protection papers from Major-General Foster. He is engaged in arming and feeding the guerrilla bands in the vicinity. Lieutenant Bird, in proceeding to the house, used every precaution by dismounting his men as skirmishers through the woods. But after making the arrest and on his return was less cautious, as the distance was but a mile, and had been skirmished over but half an hour before. This resulted in his receiving a volley from the woods, killing 1 man and wounding 2 severely. Lieutenant Bird's house was wounded; also one belonging to a private of Company L.

At the alarm all the forces were immediately put in motion and the woods thoroughly skirmished, but without finding any of the assassins. During the attack on Lieutenant Bird, Silas F. Gregory succeeded in making his escape. The farmers in the neighborhood of the swamps were all notified to clear away the underbrush skirting the road, under the penalty, in case they should fail to do so, of having their property destroyed. After this the command marched without accident to camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. LEWIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant C. H. SHEPARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

OCTOBER 14, 1863.-Skirmish at Salt Lick Bridge, W. Va.

Extract from "Record of Events," Third Brigade, Second Division, Department of West Virginia.

October 14, the command at Bulltown, having been re-enforced the previous night by a battalion of the Fourth [West] Virginia Cavalry, under Major Howes, and one company of the Sixth [West] Virginia Infantry, started in pursuit. Came up with the rebels at Salt Lick. Slight skirmishing ensued, when additional re-enforcements, under Major Gibson, of General Averell's command, coming up, the enemy retreated. Our troops returned to camp. A battalion of the Second [West] Virginia Volunteer Mounted Infantry, sent toward Addison, in Webster County, did not succeed in intercepting the enemy on his retreat.

---------------

*From Department return for October.

---------------

