
OCTOBER 15, 1863.-Affair near Hedgesville, W. Va.

Report of Brigadier General Jeremiah C. Sullivan, U. S. Army.

HARPER'S FERRY, October 15, 1863.

SIR: This morning a portion of Colonel Pierce's command met a squad of 37 men, belonging to Gilmor's battalion, who intended burning Back Creek Bridge. They captured the whole party without the loss of a man. I think I can make the cavalry of this command effective.

JER. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier-General KELLEY,

Clarksburg, Va.

OCTOBER 16-17, 1863.-Affairs at Pungo Landing, N. C.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel William Lewis, Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIFTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,Great Bridge, Va., October 18, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that on the 16th instant, I left Great Bridge, Va., on the steamer Fawn, Captain Byers (starting at 9 a.m.), for the purpose of visiting the First Battalion of this regiment stationed at Cornjack, Currituck Court-House.

We had proceeded to within a short distance of Pungo Bridge, when we discovered two columns of smoke in advance of us. Captain Byers remarked that the guerrillas might have set fire to our dredges which were at work these. I suggested that we go ahead and see what was the cause of this unusual appearance. On passing Pungo Landing, a citizen appeared with a white flag, calling to us to stop the boat. The captain asked what it meant. I told him to be ready to stop the boat in case I found it to be a friend wishing to give us information; but I instantly discovered from 5 to 8 men endeavoring to conceal themselves. I then told the captain to press forward as fast as possible.

As soon as the speed of the boat was increased, we received a volley from about 30 men, at very short range, and they continued firing as long as we were within range, delivering in all about four rounds for each man. The captain of the boat was severely wounded and the boat riddled with balls, but beyond this no damage was sustained.

The boat, after arriving at its destination, started on its return trip at the usual hour, protected by a guard of dismounted carbineers from the First Battalion, which I directed should accompany it.

On arriving again at Pungo Landing, the carbineers were ordered ashore and the country around skirmished, and the buildings in which the guerrillas had concealed themselves destroyed. We found that the tug White and a dredge, belonging to the Albemarle and Chesapeake Canal Company, together with the lighter and

