
OCTOBER 18, 1863.-Attack on Charlestown, W. Va., and Skirmishes on Road to Berryville, Va.

REPORTS.*

No. 1.-Brigadier General Jeremiah C. Sullivan, U. S. Army.

No. 2.-Colonel George D. Wells, Thirty-fourth Massachusetts Infantry, commanding brigade.

No. 3.-Colonel Benjamin L. Simpson, Ninth Maryland Infantry.

No. 4.-Captain Samuel C. Means, Virginia (Union) Rangers.

No. 5.-Brigadier General John D. Imboden, C. S. Army, commanding Valley District, with congratulations from General R. E. Lee.

No. 1. Reports of Brigadier General Jeremiah C. Sullivan, U. S. Army.

CLARKSBURG, W. VA., October 18, 1863.

Brigadier-General CULLUM,

Chief of Staff:

The following telegram just received. I have ordered General Sullivan to make a thorough investigation as to the cause of the surprise of the force at Charlestown:

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., October 18, 1863.

This a.m. at about 7 o'clock the forces of Imboden and White, numbering about 900 cavalry or mounted infantry and three pieces of artillery, surrounded the command of Colonel Simpson at Charlestown, and captured almost all his entire command, consisting of about 250 men. As soon as information reached me I sent out my cavalry under Major Cole, one battery of artillery, and two regiments, Thirty-fourth Massachusetts and Tenth Maryland, all under command of Colonel Wells. The cavalry came up with the enemy this side of Charlestown, and drove them through the town. Artillery coming up, drove them about 4 miles. A portion of infantry force, one regiment, reaching them, the enemy were driven from every position they took, to near Berryville. Night coming on, I ordered them to fall back. Our entire loss, irrespective of the force captured, will not exceed 25 killed and wounded.

JER. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier-General KELLEY.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, October 18, 1863-11.15.

I have driven Imboden out of Charlestown, and Major Cole is pursuing. The Ninth Maryland was captured.

The enemy is retreating in direction of Berryville.

JER. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General.

General KELLEY,

Commanding Department of West Virginia, Clarksburg.

---------------

*See also October 28, 1863, Halleck to Kelley, Part II, p.396.

---------------

