HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,Harper's Ferry, October 18, 1863-7.14 p.m.

SIR: I have just received report from my force in pursuit of Imboden. We drove him into Berryville (as far as I thought prudent). We find his force to consist of about 2,000 men, with six pieces of artillery. There is no other force in the valley that we can hear of. Our loss in killed and wounded is so slight that I hardly mention it, not to exceed 5 killed.

I have collected a wagon load of muskets which our forces threw away when they ran off. I will telegraph fully the report made by my staff officer, who was with Colonel Wells in the pursuit. I have ordered one regiment from Martinsburg to report here.

JER. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General.

General KELLEY,

Clarksburg.

No. 2. Reports of Colonel George D. Wells, Thirty-fourth Massachusetts Infantry, commanding brigade.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., October 19, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that the enemy's force yesterday was, as nearly as I can ascertain, from 1,200 to 1,400 men, with one battery of artillery, commanded by General Imboden in person. Our own force engaged was less than 700, all told. Nineteen prisoners have been brought into the ferry from Gilmor's battalion and Robert White's battalion, the Forty-first Battalion Virginia Cavalry. This is not the old White, but "another man," whose men say they have been in the valley but two or three weeks.

The enemy apparently came to stay, as they abandoned along the road 5 wagons, 1 a heavy battery forge, and 1 loaded with the small bake ovens they use. Their loss in killed and wounded it is impossible to estimate. We saw, I should think, some 25 as we went along.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. WELLS,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant SAMUEL B. McCULLOCH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE,Harper's Ferry, W. Va., October 19, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the following-named officers of the Ninth Maryland Regiment as having escaped from Charlestown yesterday and arrived in town: Colonel B. L. Simpson; Lieutenant Colonel T. Clowdsley; Major Royal W. Church; Surgeon Morgan; Assistant Surgeon Kemp; Chaplain G. T. Gray; Captain Lovejoy, wounded and paroled by the rebels; and Lieutenant N. D. Porter.

