
Capture (estimated): Ninth Maryland, 16 line officers and 365 enlisted men; Company F, Potomac Home Brigade, cavalry, 35 enlisted men; and Company I, Sixth Michigan Cavalry, 2 officers and 25 enlisted men. I think this estimate will be decreased by perfect returns. The books and papers were all lost, and it will be a work of some time to make the returns complete.

It is represented by officers of that regiment that the Ninth Maryland, while leaving Charlestown and before any of the enemy had entered it, was fired at from the windows of the houses in the streets; that Captain Lovejoy had his arm broken, and 2 men were wounded by this fire. I will endeavor to verify this report.

I believe the cause of this disaster to have been the want of sufficient cavalry force, and not any neglect on the part of those we have. It was impossible for a force of not over 400 men available for that duty to keep the two counties of Jefferson and Loudoun properly scouted when the enemy had within reach for either country four times that number. What man can do I think has been done by the cavalry force which we have had.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. WELLS,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

Lieutenant SAMUEL B. McCULLOCH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 3. Report of Colonel Benjamin L. Simpson, Ninth Maryland Infantry.

CHARLESTOWN, W. VA., October 18, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you that at ten minutes past 5 o'clock this morning the enemy commenced driving in my pickets. I immediately started a messenger to headquarters to notify you of the fact that I was surrounded by a force reported to number 2,000 men, with six pieces of artillery.

I at once mustered my force and occupied the court-house, my number being some 300 men. The enemy sent in a flag of truce demanding an unconditional surrender of the forces at Charlestown. I replied that if they wanted Charlestown to come and take it. I sent out a cavalry force to feel the enemy, and they found the place surrounded by the rebels, with artillery on the north and south sides and a heavy cavalry and infantry force on the Harper's Ferry pike, masked in the woods. The enemy sent in another flag of truce to notify the women and children to leave the town. Before the bearer could turn around to find out the time allowed, they began shelling us from their battery on the north side of the town. After remaining some time, and finding that every shot took effect upon the court-house, I ordered the officers to form their men in column in the street, but with all my efforts and the officers assisting me, it was impossible to do it. The men broke and ran in every direction. The enemy also opened the battery on the south side of the town.

I lost 4 wagons, 2 ambulances, and all the Government stores

