
and reported the enemy making a flank movement via the Little Back Creek route, and also an effort tog et in my rear. Ascertaining my position at Gatewood's to be not so tenable as I had supposed, I moved my infantry that night to Jackson's River on the Warm Springs road, leaving my cavalry a short distance below Gatewood's.

In the morning of Sunday, the 23d, the enemy not having advanced to Gatewood's, and thinking it probable that they had gone toward Lewisburg by the Little Levels, I ordered my infantry to Gatewood's and the cavalry toward Camp Northwest, directing the infantry to follow. By this time I had succeeded in bringing Colonel Arnett, and the infantry cut off with him, to the command, and Colonel Arnett was placed in command of the cavalry.he moved forward, and finding the enemy advancing, he engaged their skirmishers a short distance this side of said camp, and, finding that he was about to be flanked, fell back to Rider's At this juncture I reached the front, and discovering the condition of affairs, and also learning that the enemy had been re-enforced by a mounted and an infantry regiment and by additional artillery from Beverly, I fell back to Gatewood's and remained there that night.

The next morning, the 24th, the enemy not then advancing and the horses needing forage, I ordered the cavalry under Colonel Arnett, except 30 under Lieutenant G. W. Siple, to Jackson's River, Warm Springs road. At 10 a. m. the advance came in sight, and here, after a skirmish, finding them too strong for me, I fell back in good order to Jackson's River Mountain (Lieutenant Siple in the rear skirmishing constantly with the advance of the enemy) and posted my infantry to stay the advance. I ordered Colonel Arnett to dismount and send 100 of the cavalry to the left on top of the mountain to repel any flanking party.

At this point I prevented the enemy from advancing in front for one hour, but observing that they were surrounding me, I fell back in time, for ten minutes afterward they surrounded the position I had occupied, and, discovering my retreat, rushed after me. As the country between Jackson's River and Warm Springs Mountain gave their large force of cavalry the advantage, and as I knew there was a route to my left to Warm Springs which they could take and reach there before I could with my train (which was then but a short distance in my front), I fell back to Warm Springs Mountain, and placed my command in position for defense. Here I remained for an hour before the enemy appeared, and he came the route I did, and the route by the left aforesaid. I soon saw that the effort of the enemy was merely to amuse me in front while he moved a force equal to mine in my rear and also on my right flank. After skirmishing I fell back about 4 miles, and went into camp about 10 p. m. My pickets that night were beyond Bath Alum, toward the Warm Springs.

In the morning of the 25th, I ordered my infantry to the opposite bank of Cow Pasture River, and I proceeded in person to my cavalry camp, near Batch Alum, and to my outer pickets. I then ordered Colonel Arnett to send foot scouts to top of Warm Springs Mountain, if possible, to ascertain the movements of the enemy, and to hold his detachment prepared to move at any moment. Finding that owing to a misunderstanding of my order my infantry had been moved near Old Millborough (2 miles this side of Millborough Depot), I directed it to go into camp at that place. My determination was, if the enemy advanced on me, to get to Panther Gap, near Goshen Depot, and endeavor to hold that position until I could be

4 R R-VOL XXIX, PT I

