
account I ought to go up the valley some distance. I move in that direction at 1 p.m. by way of Powell's Fort Valley.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. IMBODEN,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel R. H. CHILTON,

Chief of Staff, Army of Northern Virginia.

P. S.-I also captured a very handsome stand of colors. This moment a count of the prisoners is completed. They number 434.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,October 23, 1863.

Brigadier General J. D. IMBODEN,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 19th instant, reporting the capture of the enemy's force at Charlestown, has been received. The movement was well conceived and executed in a manner that reflects great credit upon yourself and the officers and men of your command, to whom I desire to express my appreciation of the brave and valuable service they have rendered.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

OCTOBER 18, 1863.-Affair near Annandale, Va.

Report of Major John S. Mosby, C. S. Army.

LOUDOUN COUNTY, October 19, 1863.

GENERAL: I did not receive your letter of instructions until late last Tuesday night on my return from an expedition below.

I collected as many men as I could at so short notice, and on Thursday, the 15th, came down into Fairfax, where I have been operating ever since in the enemy's rear.

I have captured over 100 horses and mules, several wagons loaded with valuable stores, and between 75 and 100 prisoners, arms, equipments, &c. Among the prisoners are 5 captains and 1 lieutenant.

I had a sharp skirmish yesterday with double my number of cavalry near Annadale, in which I routed them, capturing the captain commanding and 6 or 7 men and horses. I have so far sustained no loss.

It has been my object to detain the troops that were occupying Fairfax by annoying their communications and preventing them from operating in front. Yesterday two divisions left Centreville and went into camp at Fox's Mill. There are three regiments of cavalry at Vienna. I contemplate attacking a cavalry camp at Falls Church to-morrow night.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. MOSBY,

Major, &c.

Major General J. E. B. STUART.

