
who were captured by Major Hoffman and Captain Allen; also 1 man, Martin Snodgrass, of Company A, Thirteenth [West] Virginia Regiment (loyal), whom I suspect of being a deserter from the United States services. Major Hoffman, in capturing the stragglers, fired a few shots. I captured 3 horses.

I met with no loss, either in men or horses. I discovered that the information on which the movement was made was mainly without foundation, there having been at no time recently over 15 or 20 rebels at Boone Court-House, or over 150 in the whole county.

I ascertained that Colonel Beckley, with a few companies of a partly organized regiment of cavalry, was a few miles beyond Logan Court-House on Island Creek, but the distance being considerable, his way of retreat sure, and his having received information of our movement two or three days in advance, I determined not to attempt a movement against that force, being satisfied that it would be without any results worthy of mention.

The country through which I marched my command is rugged, the roads being scarcely passable for wagons in low water, and impracticable even for cavalry in high water. The supply of forage is very limited; very little hay is grown in all that country, and barely corn enough to subsist a part of the inhabitants.

I started back with my command on the morning of the 22d, and reached Camp Piatt at 5 p.m. of that day. I halted at Camp Piatt for the night, feeding and resting my horses, and brought them into camp on the morning of the 23d.

The distance marched was 80 miles; prisoners captured, 4; horses captured, 3.

I am sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. N. DUFFIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry.

Captain J. L. BOTSFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OCTOBER 22, 1863.-Affair near Annandale, Va.

Report of Colonel Lafayette C. Baker, First District of Columbia Cavalry.

NEAR ANNANDALE, VA., October 22, 1863.

SIR: This morning about 10 o'clock a detachment of my battalion, under command of Major E. J. Conger, and a detachment of the California battalion, under command of Captain Eigenbrodt, encountered a squad of Mosby's men some 3 miles this side of Fairfax Court-House and near the Little River turnpike. One of Mosby's men (named Charles Mason) was shot and instantly killed. The celebrated guerrillas, Jack Barns, Ed. Stratton, and Bill Harover, were captured and forwarded to the Old Capitol Prison. These men state that they were looking for government horses and sutlers' wagons. None of our force were injured.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

L. C. BAKER,

Colonel, Commanding First District Cavalry.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

