
OCTOBER 26, 1863.-Attack on Union Wagon Train near New Baltimore, Va.

Report of Major John S. Mosby, C. S. Army.

FAUQUIER COUNTY, October 27, 1863.

GENERAL: Last night I attacked a long wagon train of the enemy, hauling stores for the army at Warrenton from their depot of supplies at Gainesville. The point of attack was about the center of the train (which had a heavy guard of cavalry, artillery, and infantry both in front and rear), on the pike, about 2 miles from New Baltimore and Warrenton, where there are large Yankee camps.

After unhitching the teams of from 40 to 50 wagons, I started them off under charge of Lieutenant Turner, remaining behind himself with a few men with the intention of burning the wagons. A force of Federal cavalry appearing, prevented the accomplishment of my purpose. We succeeded in bringing off 145 horses and mules, and upward of 30 negroes and Yankees (among them 1 captain), to a place of safety. Many of the captured animals were lost on the night march, but I have sent out a party which I am in hopes will succeed in recovering some of them. I sent over to you yesterday 6 cavalry-men whom I captured near Manassas. In the affair of the wagons I had 50 men.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. MOSBY,

Major, &amp;c.

General STUART,

Commanding Cavalry Corps.

[Indorsements.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,October 28, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded, for the information of the commanding general.

This is but another instance of Major Mosby's skill and daring in addition to those forwarded almost daily.

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.

NOVEMBER 3, 1863.

Noted, with admiration at the fearlessness and skill of this gallant partisan.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary.

OCTOBER 30, 1863.-Affair at Ford's Mill, near New Berne, N. C.

Reports of Major General John J. Peck, with congratulatory orders.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., November 4, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that Captain Graham, North Carolina volunteers, made a reconnaissance on the 30th of October, between the Greenville and Jamestown roads. Lieutenant Nicol was

