
sent with 20 men to examine the rebel position at Ford's Mill. While demanding the surrender, the party was fired upon and the lieutenant was killed. His men charged upon the enemy, killing 3 and capturing 7. The object being fully attained, the party returned.

Lieutenant Nicol was a gallant young officer who had won the approbation and regard of his brother officers by his noble conduct.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., November 28, 1863.

Major-General BUTLER,

Commanding Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina:

GENERAL: I am sure you will be pleased to hear from North Carolina so soon after your visit.

By an order I inclose you will see that Captain Graham performed a handsome thing about the 10th, and the notice of it has stimulated the command to a higher achievement. It is deserving of official notice, and will elevate the morale of the troops.

In haste, sincerely, yours,

JOHN J. PECK.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF N. C., No. 34. New Berne, N. C., November 10, 1863.

The commanding general has received the official report of a gallant and dashing reconnaissance upon the Greenville road, under command of Captain G. W. Graham, First Regiment North Carolina Volunteers. His satisfaction at the manner in which it was conducted and its results is only marred by his regret at the loss of First Lieutenant J. R. Nicol, First Regiment North Carolina Volunteers, who was instantly killed in discharge of his duty. Ambitious, brave, and deserving, high in the estimation of his comrades and commanding officers, he died as a soldier would choose to die.

The alacrity and intrepidity of Captain Graham's command are recommended as examples to other troops.

By command of Major-General Peck:

BENJ. B. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OCTOBER 31, 1863.-Affair near Weaverville, Va.

Report of Private William A. Bolick, First South Carolina Cavalry, with commendation of General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army.

[NOVEMBER -, 1863.]

Saturday morning, October 31, at sunrise, Private Isaac Curtis, of the Ninth Virginia Cavalry Regiment, and myself passed the

