
enemy's pickets, stationed at a mill near Weaverville, entering the enemy's camp, passing their pickets after daylight, whistling so as not to cause suspicion. We were disguised in Yankee overcoats.

Going to the house of Mrs. Weaver, in Weaverville, we saw a sentinel in the front yard. We passed him without his noticing us in rear of the house. We discovered three Yankee tents. Riding around to these tents we dismounted and proceeded to capture 6 Yankees who were asleep in them, and 6 horses, which we made them saddle and mount, and then rode back in the same direction, whistling as we passed the pickets. These men were a cattle guard, and were well armed.

We brought out 3 pistols, 1 carbine, and 1 saber. We were unable to bring off the cattle for the want of them enough to drive them. One of the Yankees escaped after we had passed the pickets of the enemy. The other 5 were delivered at Richards' Ford.

General Meade's headquarters were near Weaverville-in less than 800 yards. The capture was made about sunrise in the morning.

Respectfully submitted.

WM. A. BOLICK,

Private, Company K, First South Carolina Cavalry.

[Inclosure.]

GUERRILLAS IN OUR REAR.

The guerrillas continue bold and active in the rear of our army. They appear to have organized into small squads for the business of attacking solitary travelers and small parties of our men at a disadvantage. On Wednesday, Lieutenant Sage, of the Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, quartermaster of General Merritt's cavalry brigade, was shot dead by them while on his way from Morrisville to Warrenton Junction to get forage. An orderly with him escaped unhurt. The same day General Merritt was fired at several times by guerrillas, who seemed persistently seeking his life. He escaped unhurt.

These rebel marauders are numerous along the Warrenton pike and between that and the railroad, and daily shoot and capture men almost in sight of headquarters. A day or two ago 5 men, belonging to Buford's division, while guarding cattle within a mile or two of the army headquarters, were captured by them. Lieutenant Hedges, of the Second New York Cavalry, acting commissary of General Kilpatrick's division, was also fired at, near Catlett's Station, and badly wounded.

[Indorsements.]

NOVEMBER 13, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded.

The 5 prisoners alluded to were delivered to me while on picket, and confessed that they were captured by Bolick and Curtis within rifle shot of General Meade's headquarters. The inclosed extract from Northern paper confirms the same.

J. L. BLACK,

Colonel First South Carolina Cavalry.

32 R R-VOL XXIX, PT I

