
Numbers 5.-Colonel Augustus Moor, Twenty-eighth Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 6.-Lieutenant Colonel Alexander Scott, Second West Virginia Mounted Infantry.

Numbers 7.-Colonel John H. Oley, Eighth West Virginia Mounted Infantry.

Numbers 8.-Major Hedgman Slack, Eighth West Virginia Mounted Infantry.

Numbers 9.-Colonel James N. Schoonmaker, Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

No. 10.-Major Thomas Gibson, Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding Independent Cavalry Battalion.

No. 11.-Brigadier General Alfred N. Duffie, U. S. Army, commanding expedition from Charleston.

No. 12.-Major General Samuel Jones, C. S. Army, commanding Department of Western Virginia and East Tennessee.

No. 13.-Brigadier General John Echols, C. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, Army of Southwestern Virginia.

No. 14.-Colonel George S. Patton, commanding Echols' brigade.

No. 15.-Captain John K. Thompson, Twenty-second Virginia Infantry.

No. 16.-Major William Blessing, Twenty-third Battalion Virginia Infantry.

No. 17.-Colonel William L. Jackson, Nineteenth Virginia Cavalry, commanding brigade.

No. 18.-Lieutenant Colonel William P. Thompson, Nineteenth Virginia Cavalry.

No. 19.-Colonel William Wiley Arnett, Twentieth Virginia Cavalry.

No. 20.-Colonel Milton J. Ferguson, Sixteenth Virginia Cavalry, commanding detachment Jenkins' brigade.

No. 21.-Major William McLaughlin, C. S. Army, commanding artillery.

No. 22.-Brigadier General John D. Imboden, C. S. Army, commanding Valley District, of operations November 4-14.

No. 1. Report of Brigadier General Benjamin F. Kelley, U. S. Army, commanding Department of West Virginia.

CUMBERLAND, MD., February 18, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations in this department from the 1st to the 17th of November, 1863, embracing the battle of Droop Mountain and the occupation of Lewisburg, Greenbier County, by the combined forces under Brigadier-General Averell and Duffie:

In accordance with your intimated wishes, on the 26th of October, I directed Brigadier-General Averell, then stationed at Beverly, W. Va., to move with his command as soon as possible, on Lewisburg, in Greenbrier County, to attack and capture or drive away the rebel force stationed in that vicinity, and there, having formed a junction with Brigadier-General Duffie (commanding a detachment of General Scammon's division), to leave the infantry, with orders to hold Lewisburg, and proceed with all the mounted troops to the town of Union, in Monroe County, and thence to the line of the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad, striking it at or near Dublin Station, for the purpose of destroying the bridge over New River.

He was further instructed that if, after reaching Lewisburg, he ascertained from satisfactory information that the movement on New River Bridge was not practicable, he should then send his infantry, with Keeper's battery, back to Beverly, and with the mounted troops of his command and remaining battery move by the most

