
re-enforced from Lexington by the cadets and artillery of the institute, who, with Colonel Edmondson's provost-guard, under General F. H. Smith, the superintendent, was coming to re-enforce me.

In the evening of this day, Major Kesler returned from his scout, reporting no advance of the enemy upon Staunton, and the road between Monterey and McDowell blockaded.

During this evening I received information from my scouts that the cavalry of the enemy had moved from Warm Springs on the Hot Springs route, and that their infantry was near Warm Springs.

Ascertaining that the enemy, from a point near Hot Springs, could move to my rear at Old Millborough, I guarded against surprise from that point. That night I went in person to my cavalry camp, and directed Colonel Arnett to occupy Warm Springs next morning, if possible.

On the morning of the 26th, I ordered Major Kesler to take his detachment of cavalry to Covington, and, if possible, to Lewisburg, to ascertain and report the movements of the cavalry that had left Warm Springs.

By 12 m. of this day, Colonel Arnett arrived at and occupied Warm Springs, reporting that all the cavalry of the enemy, with six pieces of artillery, had taken the Hot Springs route toward Covington or Lewisburg, and that their infantry had fallen back to Gatewood's, and under my orders he proceeded to scout after the enemy.

I did not move my infantry this day, as I had no reliable information of the movement of the enemy. The most reliable at this time, from courier who met Major Kesler, was that the enemy were moving through McGraw's Gap to Jordan's Furnace.

During this evening Colonel Edmondson, from Lexington, with 40 mounted men, arrived, and I received a dispatch from General Smith that he had arrived at Goshen. Then ascertaining that there was no movement of the enemy through McGraw's Gap, I dispatched to General Smith my opinion that the enemy were making their way to Lewisburg; that I was most anxious to make a diversion in favor of our forces there, and requesting him to co-operate with me, and if he could do no more to lend me his artillery. This he declined to do for reasons satisfactory to himself, and accordingly the general and Colonel Edmondson moved back to Rockbridge Alum.

On the next morning, the 27th, I ordered my infantry to Warm Springs and rode forward myself to that point. On my arrival there rumors of fighting near Lewisburg reached me, and reports that our force there was falling back before the enemy. I ordered Lieutenant Siple to take the Hot Springs route, and proceed until he saw and felt the enemy. Captain Lewis, with a detachment of 20 men, moved toward Gatewood's.

At 3 a. m., Friday (the 28th), I received a dispatch from Major Kesler that the enemy were falling back toward Warm Springs, and for me to be on the lookout.

About this time William McClintoc, esq., surveyor of Bath County, a reliable gentleman, informed me that the citizens were effectually blockading the Jackson's River road (Boller's, or Indian Draft). I requested him to return (which he did) and see that the blockade was made complete. I ordered Colonel Arnett to have the road to hot Springs, and the road leading from the Jackson's River road into the Warm Springs road, near Richards' still, blockaded. This was being accomplished when the report

arrived that the enemy were

