
convenient road into the Valley of the South Branch, and by this route return to New Creek. (See Inclosure A.)

On the 30th of October, I also sent an order to Brigadier-General Scammon (commanding Third Division, at Charleston, Kanawha County), directing him to dispatch a force, consisting of two regiments of infantry and two regiments of mounted troops, with a section of artillery, to move on Lewisburg, for the purpose of co-operating with General Averell, explaining his movements and recapitulating instructions to be observed after the junction. Both column were ordered to take ten days' rations of hard bread, sugar, coffee, and salt, and to depend on the country for other needful supplies.

Special orders were given [General Scammon] to prohibit pillage, and any unauthorized interference with private property (see Inclosure B), whose detailed report is herewith submitted.

In conformity with these orders, General Averell moved, on the 1st day of November, 1863, with his brigade, consisting of two regiments of infantry, four mounted regiments, a portion of Gibson's independent battalion of cavalry, and two light batteries. Marching southward by the most direct route, he swept the enemy's guerrilla bands and light detachments before him, and, after some sharp skirmishing on the 5th, the enemy was found in force occupying a strong position on the crest of Droop Mountain, a point on the main road to Lewisburg, some 30 miles distant from that place. As the co-operating column under General Duffie was not expected to reach Lewisburg until Saturday, 7th of December [November], it was thought advisable to defer the attack until the following day.

On the morning of the 6th, Colonel Moor, with the infantry and a company of cavalry, was ordered to move to the right and attack the enemy's left and rear. He made a detour of 9 miles to attain the desired position, and simultaneously with his attack the four enemy's front. Both movements were well executed and completely successful. The enemy was driven from his position and routed, with heavy loss of men, arms, and materiel. He was hotly pressed by Major Gibson's cavalry until night, but made no attempt to rally again.

On the 7th, General Averell's advance entered Lewisburg about 2 p.m., and found the town in possession of General Duffie, who had arrived there at 10 o'clock that morning, capturing some stragglers, and the enemy's camps, equipage, and stores. The main body of the routed army has continued its flight toward Union, with the intention, as was stated, of rallying upon re-enforcement at Dublin Station, on the line of the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad.

From prisoners it was ascertained that the enemy's force engaged at Droop Mountain consisted of about 4,000 men of all arms, with seven pieces of artillery, the whole under the command of General Echols. Reliable information obtained at Lewisburg showed also that a considerable force was being concentrated for the defense of the threatened point on the railroad. An attempted movement in the direction of Union found the road blocked with felled timber, and General Duffie's command having been reported unfit for further active service, General Averell determined to use the discretion allowed him by his orders and to return to New Creek by the route indicated. General Duffie's force was ordered to fall back to its original position. Colonel Moor, with infantry and Keeper's battery of

