HEADQUARTERS FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE,Petersburg, W. Va., November 14, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the arrival of the mounted troops of my brigade at this place. The infantry was sent back to Beverly with prisoners, wounded, captured materiel, &amp;c.

At Lewisburg, on the evening of the 7th, it was ascertained that the forces of the enemy which had fled from Droops Mountain passed through that place without encountering the forces from the Kanawha Valley under General Duffie, which latter, however, arrived in time to destroy their camp and secure a stand of colors. it was also ascertained that General Lee had promised Brigadier-General Echols heavy re-enforcements at or near Dublin. I therefore determined to move with my command to that point, and accordingly set out on the morning of the 8th.

After proceeding a few miles, a formidable blockade of several miles in extent was encountered, through which it was necessary to cut a passage. The command of General Duffie was reported by him unfit for further operations. His infantry had but one days' rations. The infantry of my own command was encumbered with the prisoners and captured materiel. General Duffie reported that it was impossible for his infantry to marc over 10 miles per day. From these considerations I deemed it impracticable to advance farther in the direction of Dublin, and ordered General Duffie to retire to Meadow Bluff, and Colonel Moor, with the Twenty-eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Tenth [West] Virginia Volunteers Infantry, and Keeper's battery, to retire to Beverly, and proceeded with the mounted forces of my brigade along the eastern border of West Virginia on my way to New Creek, bringing with me the wounded of my command, which had been left at While Sulphur Springs in August last.

Near Covington, General Imboden was observed with a command upon my right. Not regarding his force of sufficient importance to delay the march of my column, two squadrons of the Eighth [West] Virginia Mounted Infantry were sent against him, which drove his forces away from my line of march.

A lieutenant and 20 men of his command were captured. His apparent intention and readiness to avoid me rendered it inexpedient to endeavor to capture him. I have brought with me about 150 captured horses. Several hundred cattle were captured in the course of the march.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier-Genera KELLEY.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE,New Creek, W. Va., November 17, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command during the last expedition into the country occupied by the enemy:

On the 1st day of November, I left Beverly with my command, consisting of the Twenty-eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Colonel A. Moor; Tenth [West] Virginia Volunteer Infantry, Colonel T. M. Harris, Second [West] Virginia Mounted Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel A.

