
left and rear. To divert the enemy's attention from this, the Fourteenth Pennsylvania and Keeper's battery made a successful demonstration upon his right. The remainder of the command prepared for action. While these movements were progressing, the arrival of re-enforcements to the enemy was announced by the music of a band, the display of battle-flags, and loud cheers of the rebels on the top of the mountain.

The attack of our infantry, 1,175 strong, was conducted skillfully and resolutely by Colonel A. Moor. The guide who had been sent with his proving worthless, he directed his column, 9 miles over the mountains and through the wilderness to the enemy's left, led by the flying pickets and the sound of his cannon. The intermittent reports of musketry heralded the approach of Colonel Moor to his destination, and at 1.45 p. m. it was evident from the sound of the battle on the enemy's left and his distributed appearance in front, that the time for the direct attack had arrived.

The Second, Third, and Eighth [West] Virginia Dismounted were moved in line obliquely to the right, up the face of the mountain, until their right was joined to Moor's left. The fire of Ewing's battery was added to that of Keeper's. At 3 p.m . the enemy were driven from the summit of the mountain, upon which they had been somewhat protected by rude breast-works of logs, stones, and earth. Gibson's battalion and one section of Ewing's battery were at once ordered to pursue the routed rebels. Fragments of each regiment were already eagerly in pursuit. Fragments of each regiment were already eagerly in pursuit. The horses of the Second, Third, Eighth, and Fourteenth were brought up the mountain as soon as possible. The infantry pushed forward, and as soon as details had been made for succoring the wounded and burying the dead, the entire command followed the enemy until dark.

It appeared from the reports of prisoners that the enemy's force had consisted of the Fourteenth Derrick's battalion, Edgar's battalion, Jackson's brigade, and 7 pieces of artillery; in all, about 4,000 men.

His loss in killed and wounded was about 250, 1 piece of artillery, and 1 stand of colors. Several men of my command reported having seen and measured 2 other pieces of artillery abandoned by the enemy and secreted by the wayside. Time was not had, however, to look after them.

I did not desire to reap more than the immediate fruits of victory that evening. It was yet 20 miles to Lewisburg, and I hoped that by letting the enemy alone during the night, he might loiter on the route and be caught the next day between my command and the force expected from the Kanawha Valley. As we went down the mountain the following morning we could see the smoke of several camp fires along the mountains to the eastward, showing that the enemy had been somewhat dispersed.

On the 7th, I moved rapidly forward over an excellent road toward Lewisburg. The Fourteenth, which was in advance, reached that place at 2 p. m., and found General Duffie with four regiments and one section of artillery already in possession of the town. He had reached it at 10 p.m ., capturing a few stragglers and such materiel as the enemy had been unable to remove in his flight. I learned that a small portion of the enemy's main body had passed through Lewisburg in great disorder, early on the morning of the 7th, on their way to Dublin. I also learned that General Lee had promised Brigadier-General Echols ample re-enforcements at or near that point.

