
chiefly due to Colonel A. Moor, Twenty-eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, in command of the same, whose admirable conduct cannot be too highly commanded. I respectfully refer you to the reports of the regimental commanders for the names of officers who distinguished themselves in action.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

Captain T. MELVIN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of West Virginia.

[Inclosure.]

NOVEMBER 8, 1863.

Brigadier-General AVERELL:

GENERAL: The colonel commanding infantry brigade reports to me that his brigade could not make more than 10 miles. This infantry has been constantly in camp, and has not had the trial of hardships. The consequence is that the half of his command have sore feet, and the balance are in condition not to make more than 10 miles. The fact being so, I should think it imprudent for me to go to Union without a support of infantry. Please answer what to do. I am awaiting orders. This command has no rations.

Respectfully, yours,

A. N. DUFFIE,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 4. Report of Captain Ernst A. Denicke, Sixty-eighth New York Infantry, Acting Signal Officer.

NEW CREEK, W. VA.,

November 18, 1863.

MAJOR: During Brigadier-General Averell's raid to Lewisburg and White Sulphur Springs, the detachment of signal corps with that command rendered the following services:

On the 29th of October, I called in the signal station in advance of Beverly, &amp;C. On the 1st of November, our troops commenced their march. The services of the signal corps were not called into requisition until we arrived at Huntersville.

On the evening of November 4, Lieutenant Merritt was sent to The Knob, near Huntersville, to observe and report rocket signals that were to be made by Lieutenant Denicke, who was ordered to accompany the Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry and the Third [West] Virginia Mounted Infantry on a reconnaissance to Mill Point. The signals were to be given at 8 p. m., and when up to 10 p. m. Lieutenant Merritt had observed no signals, that station was called in, with permission of the commanding general. It subsequently appeared that the force with which Lieutenant Denicke was sent did not reach its destination until after 11 p. m., meeting with blockades constructed in a mountain pass, from behind which the enemy fired on our pioneers.

On the 5th, the whole command moved forward to Mill Point, where the enemy resisted our progress by placing his artillery on an emi-

