
near Gatewood's, on the Indian Draft route, and to that place I moved my force as rapidly as possible, overcoming the blockades of the enemy between Jackson's River and Gatewood's.

Colonel Arnett arrived at Gatewood's in time to fire on the pickets and see the rear of the enemy in rapid retreat, and following them to Little Rock Creek he turned to the right across the mountain to blockade the Knapp's Creek road. Arriving at Little Rock Creek, and ascertaining Colonel Arnett's movements, and being satisfied that the enemy would not take the Knapp's Creek road, I ordered him back and to the pursuit of the enemy on the Huntersville road. Directing the infantry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Evans, to follow as rapidly as possible, I moved on with the cavalry.

Between Rider's and Camp Northwest, about 6 p. m. of the 28th, I received the dispatch of the general commanding, dated the 27th and headed via Union and Dublin, announcing the victory at White Sulphur Springs, and intimating that the enemy were retreating toward Warm Springs, and that his force was in pursuit, and directing me to push and destroy them, if possible. Pushing on, my advance ran in the pickets at Huntsville, and discovered the enemy there apparently intending to make a stand in supporting distance of the infantry regiment which had been left in their rear. That regiment, I have since learned, was then at Marling's Bottom, 6 1/2 miles from Huntersville.

As it was now dark, and as no re-enforcement arrived to assist in the pursuit, I halted at and near Camp Northwest, with a view not them to press the pursuit until I could move a force by the Clover Lick route in ahead of the enemy at Big Spring; to blockade the road and hold the enemy until we could get up tot heir rear (it was entirely practicable to so move), and then, with any re-enforcement that might arrive, attack. Accordingly, I directed Colonel Arnett, with the cavalry at his disposal, after resting a few hours, to make that movement during the night.

At 10 p. m. I received a dispatch from Colonel Corns, commanding the Eighth Virginia Cavalry and Dunn's battalion, that he had arrived at Gatewood's. I requested him to come on as soon as possible.

At 2 a. m. on the 29th, Colonel Arnett started up Knapp's Creek to take the Clover Lick route, and as soon as it was light I directed the infantry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Evans, to move toward Huntersville. Arriving at that place - having to overcome a blockade - I found that the enemy had gone on toward Marling's Bottom, and to that point I directed my infantry. Stopping to write a dispatch, Colonel Corns arrived, and I requested him to send 200 men to re-enforce Colonel Arnett, who had gone to Clover Lick route, offering to furnish guides, and expressing the opinion that there was yet time to make the movement. After counseling with several officers he decided that his horses could not make the trip in their then condition. I then requested him to come on the Marling's Bottom, to which he assented and moved accordingly. Arriving at Marling's Bottom, the rear of the enemy in retreat was reported as not being far from the bridge.

I requested Colonel Corns to move his command rapidly up the bottom, cross the river, and endeavor to cut off some of the rear of the enemy. He replied that his horses could not raise a trot. On arriving at the bridge and riding forward with Colonel Corns, we

