
straw. I left what rations, hospital stores, and medicines could be spared, with 2 badly wounded of our men and 9 rebel wounded, in charge of Assistant Surgeon Blair, Tenth Regiment [West] Virginia Volunteer Infantry. Four Federal and 4 rebel wounded have died since the battle and 14 wounded rebels were left at the Mountain House, of whom 3 died since. Our surgeons are of the opinion that only 2 out of the 11 left with possibly recover.

I left Hillsborough on the 10th, at 10 a. m. On Elk Mountain I encountered some 60 bushwhackers under a McCoy, wounding some of the cattle and firing on the pioneer party, causing a dead stop of nearly one hour. One company from each regiment climbing up in front and rear, drove them headlong down the other side, and without further molestation, accident, or even straggling, we arrived at Beverly at 4 p. m. on the 12th instant, colors flying and drums beating in the most perfect order, having marched 222 miles in a little over eleven days, besides fighting a battle, which deprived us of nine hours' marching time.

I beg leave to mention that during the action of Droop Mountain, I was most cheerfully and ably assisted by Colonel Harris, commanding Tenth Regiment [West] Virginia Volunteer Infantry, and Lieutenant-Colonel Becker, commanding Twenty-eighth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, in guiding and maneuvering the regiment in unbroken lines over the most difficult ground, through ravines, rocks, thick undergrowth, and fallen trees. Also Captain Edwin Frey, Twenty-eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and Lieutenant J. Mork, the former commanding the line of skirmishers in a most creditable manner, enabling me to find the exact position of the enemy; the latter, acting assistant adjutant-general, by carrying orders and even executing some in most exposed places with coolness and judgment. Regimental commanders assure me that all behaved well.

Accompanying please find reports of killed and wounded,* of captured arms, prisoners, horses, cattle, &amp;c.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. MOOR,

Colonel 28th Regimental Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant L. MARKBREIT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 6. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Alexander Scott, Second West Virginia Mounted Infantry.
HDQRS. SECOND [WEST] VIRGINIA MOUNTED INFANTRY,In Camp near New Creek, W. Va., November 21, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: Pursuant to orders issued from headquarters First Separate Brigade, Department of West Virginia, I marched, on the 1st instant, from Beverly, W. Va., in command of a portion of the Second [West] Virginia Mounted Infantry, numbering in the aggregate 395 men, composing part of General Averell's command, which moved at the same time.

