
We encamped on the night of the 1st instant near Huttonsville; on the 2nd, we crossed Cheat Mountain, and encamped at night at Greenbrier River, on Staunton and Parkersburg turnpike. On the morning of the 3rd, we left the Staunton pike and marched in the direction of Huntersville, Pocahontas County. My command being in the advance of the column of mounted troops, one squadron was detached as advance of guard, under command of Lieutenant A. J. Weaver. Two prisoners were captured by them during the day. We encamped for the night about 15 miles from Huntersville.

On the morning of the 4th, took up the line of march for Huntersville, where we arrived about 1 p. m. After resting some time, I received orders to report with my command to Colonel Oley, of the Eighth [West] Virginia Mounted Infantry, who notified me that the Eight, Second, and one section of Ewing's battery were ordered to march at once to Marling's Bottom, 6 miles north of Huntersville, on Greenbrier River, where Colonel William L. Jackson's forces were supposed to be encamped.

Arriving about dusk we found Jackson had received intelligence of our approach and availed himself of the privilege of leaving before our arrival, taking the road to Lewisburg, which he partially blockaded. We encamped here for the night. The obstructions having been removed during the night, we were again in the saddle on the morning of the 5th instant at daylight.

Lieutenant Russell, who was on picket during the night at the camp just vacated by the enemy, destroyed a considerable quantity of small-arms and accouterments, and also burned their quarters, consisting of very comfortable log-houses.

Pursuing the course the enemy had taken, cannonading was soon heard on our front, which started us into a brisk trot, which was kept up until we marched Mill Point, some 10 miles from where we had encamped the night previous. At this place we found the Third [West] Virginia Mounted Infantry and Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry in line of battle with Jackson's force confronting them. Soon after our whole force arrived on the ground. I was then ordered to take a position in support of Keeper's battery. The enemy then fell back and took a strong position on Droop Mountain. We then encamped for the night near Hillsborough.

On the morning of the 6th, we were again in motion. About 12 o'clock (after having moved to the front), I was ordered to dismount my command (to fight on foot), with instructions to detach one company and post them on an elevated position as a guard for the horses of the dismounted troops. I was then ordered to take a position between the Third and Eighth, and to act in support of those two regiments.

On arriving at the foot of the hill where the rebels were posted, I passed the Eighth [West] Virginia Mounted Infantry, leaving them on my left. Moving on for the purpose of ascertaining the position of the Third [West] Virginia Mounted Infantry, I was here ordered to commence my advance up the hill toward the enemy's works, which I did through briers, tree-tops, and obstacles of various kinds.

After gaining an open piece of ground, I reformed my command and moved farther up the hill, where I formed in line on the left of Third [West] Virginia Mounted Infantry. After resting a few minutes, Colonel Thompson, of the Third, and myself agreed to advance at once on the enemy's works on the crest of the hill. The whole

33 R R-VOL XXIX, PT I

