
line moved steadily up. When within about 10 or 15 yards of the crest, the enemy opened on my right and center. The line was then pushed forward vigorously until we gained the crest, at which time the fighting was quite spirited for a few minutes.

Lieutenant J. B. Smith, of the Second, with some of his men, was the first to get inside of the enemy's breastworks. At this juncture, through some misunderstanding, our whole line fell back a short distance. I soon, however, succeeded in rallying them again, and advanced inside, the enemy falling back as we continued to advance. We moved steadily on until the enemy was completely routed.

With but few exceptions, the men and officers acted nobly. I regret to have to report among the killed Lieutenant A. J. Weaver, of Company K. He fell outside the breastworks when gallantry leading his company forward.

I went into the action with about 200 men, having a good many detached for other purposes. Out of that number there were 9 killed and 14 wounded, 2 mortally (1 of whom has since died), 7 severely, and 5 slightly. Among the wounded is Lieutenant Charles H. Day, of Company I, [who received a] severe flesh wounded in the arm.

After pursuing the enemy that evening for some distance, the whole command went into camp. On the 7th, we marched to Lewisburg, Greenbrier County. On the 8th, marched to Callaghan's, 5 miles from Covington, Va. On the 9th, was in the advance, and captured 6 or 8 prisoners, and encamped at Gatewood's, on Back Creek, Bath County. Crossed the Staunton and Parkersburg turnpike, on the 10th, near Hightown, Highland County, and intersected about sundown the road leading from Monterey to Franklin, where we encamped for the night. Encamped on the night of the 11th near Franklin, W. Va.

On the morning of the 12th, arrived at Petersburg, Hardy County. Marched again on the 14th, and arrived at New Creek, W. Va., on the 15th.

I take pleasure in making special mention of the gallantry and daring exhibited by Lieutenant J. B. Smith, of Company E. He is the youngest officer in the regiment, and deserving of great credit. Adjt. J. Combs and Lieutenant Penticost (regimental quartermaster) exhibited great coolness and daring, and rendered important services throughout out the entire fight on the 6th. I also mention the names of Captain Barclay, Lieutenants Frisbee, Salterbach, Rusell, Day, and Hughes, as being actively engaged during the entire engagement.

Most of our casualties occurred near the breast-works on the crest of the hill. The following is a list of the names of the killed and wounded.*

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCOTT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant L. MARKBREIT,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Separate Brigade.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 officer and 8 men killed, and 1 officer and 13 men wounded.

---------------

