
Numbers 7. Report of Colonel John H. Oley, Eighth West Virginia Mounted Infantry.

NEW CREEK, W. VA.,

November 21, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the movements of my regimental during the late expedition:

We moved from Beverly November 1, at noon, with the rest of the brigade and camped for the night at Huttonsville. November 2, one of my squadrons was sent in advance of the infantry, the remainder of the regimental moving with the mounted portion of the brigade. November 3, the same squadron proceeded to the summit of the Alleghany Mountains and joined the brigade in the afternoon at Green Bank, meeting the pickets of McNeel's company near that place, wounding 1, taking 5 prisoners, and burning and destroying his camp. We arrived at Huntersville November 4 at 4 p. m., at which time I was ordered and proceeded to Marling's Bottom, with the Second and Eighth [West] Virginia and a section of Ewing's battery, with instructions to attack any force I found there. I arrived there about dark; but one or two pickets were in the place and I soon ascertained that Colonel Arnett, with the Twentieth Virginia rebel cavalry and Marshall's and Hutton's companies, all of Jackson's command, had retreated from the place three or four hours before in the direction of Hillsborough and had extensively blockaded the road. After cutting out the blockade by previous orders, I camped for the night near the bridge.

On the 5th, about 6 a. m., I received orders to march on the Hillsborough road and join Colonel Schoonmaker with all possible speed. We were not fairly out of camp before the sound of distant cannon was heard. Knowing that Colonel Schoonmaker had no artillery, and that these reports were from the enemy's guns, we started on a trot. On reporting to Colonel Schoonmaker near Mill Point, I found that General Jackson had attacked him, and was pressing him quite boldly. By his order I immediately dismounted both regiments and deployed them (Colonel Schoonmaker taking the left with the Second and Third [West] Virginia, and I the right with the Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry and Eighth [West] Virginia), and received instructions to advance rapidly and drive the enemy. My men started with enthusiasm, but the rebels made no stand, and precipitately retreated. I followed them up for 4 or 5 miles with no success, until I received the general orders to stop farther pursuit and go into camp.

Soon after taking my place in the column on the morning of the 6th, I received orders to advance my regiment beyond Hillsborough and relieve the skirmishers of the Twenty-eighth Ohio. I sent forward three companies under command of Major Slack, supporting him with five companies, and cleared the hills up to the foot of Droop Mountain of the rebel skirmishers and pickets. About 1 p. m. I was notified that the Second and Third [West] Virginia would take position on my right, and was ordered to assault the enemy's works in conjunction with them. My position was an exceedingly difficult one. The side of the mountain in our front was bare of trees, fences, or any protection from fire. The ascent was very steep.

