
The artillery of the enemy commanded every inch of the ground, and their sharpshooters were on the summit behind a breast-work of logs, consequently there was a slight hesitation of my men at the start and a disposition to get too far to the right, in the line of the Second [West] Virginia, where the trees and brush offered some protection. I thought it best to keep well to the left, for the purpose of engaging the attention of the rebels in that direction and to prevent our men massing too much. After this my men pressed up the mountain boldly and bravely, although exposed to a murderous fire of shot and shell, and after an hour's hard fighting gained the summit, immediately in front of the battery. We reached within 50 yards of it, but the heavy fire of it and its supports, together with its sudden withdrawal, prevented its captured. At this time the retreat of the enemy became universal, and as the men had become much exhausted in ascending the mountain, I ordered them to halt and rest until our horses arrived, which were momentarily expected, but squads pressed on to pursue the enemy with much effect. My squadron, which had not been in the battle, was ordered forward as soon as possible, and I followed with the rest of the regiment until dark, when I received orders to go into camp.

November 7, reached Lewisburg with the rest of the brigade. November 8, was in advance with my regiment, when, near Callaghan's, was ordered to send two squadrons to and beyond that place to look after some reported rebels. They were sent under command of Major Slack, whose report of his operations on the 8th and 9th I forward.

On the 10th, I sent a company to destroy some saltpeter-works near Gatewood's, in the Back Creek Valley. They were found to have been in operation the day before, and were quite extensive. On the 12th, my advance guard again destroyed the saltpeter-works near Franklin, which we had burned before in August. They were being repaired for immediate operations. A smaller work near by was also destroyed.

On the 13th, I sent two squadron under Captain Rife by the Seneca route, via Circleville, from Franklin. They found no enemy, and joined the regiment on the 14th at Petersburg. After resting two days at the latter place, I moved with the brigade to New Creek, arriving there on the 17th, in better condition than when we left Beverly, seventeen days before.

I am glad to say my casualties were small during the trip. I inclose the list. Second Lieutenant Joseph F. Hagar, who was severely wounded in the leg, had to be left behind at Hillsborough. He was in the thickest of the fight, and did nobly, bearing his wounded like a true soldier.

To the best of my knowledge, all of my officers and men behaved well, and did their duty in the battle and on the whole expedition, and good discipline was maintained.

I am indebted to Major Slack for his earnest and constant assistance. Lieutenant-Colonel Polsley was not present with the regiment, being left behind in command of the post at Beverly.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. OLEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant L. MARKBREIT,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Separate Brigade.

