
Numbers 8. Report of Major Hedgman Slack, Eighth West Virginia Mounted Infantry.

CAMP NEAR NEW CREEK, Va.,

November 17, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of my operations on the 8th and 9th instant:

In obedience to your order (on the evening of the 8th), given on the march from White Sulphur Springs, I proceeded to Callaghan's Station with two squadrons of the regiment, it having been reported that a body of 150 of the enemy were in the vicinity of that place. I sent out scouts, who soon brought me word that the enemy had decamped on hearing of our approach. Deeming pursuit useless, I camped at the station for the night.

On the morning of the 9th, I received orders to proceed on the Covington road and ascertain what there was in that direction. I had not gone far before I met the enemy's scouts, and pressing on I soon met their pickets. I fired on them and drove them rapidly 2 or 3 miles, although they were constantly strengthened by re-enforcements. On the mountain, near Covington, the enemy opened artillery fire upon me. I then learned that this was General Imboden's rear guard, who was proceeding with part of his command toward the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad, for the purpose of re-enforcing General Echols's command, which had been scattered by our brigade in the battle at Droop Mountain on the 6th. Believing that farther pursuit would be vain, I reported the above facts to you, and soon after received your order to join the main column on the Warm Springs road, which was done.

No casualties occurred on our side; that of the enemy unknown.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HEDGMAN SLACK,

Major, Commanding.

Colonel J. H. OLEY,

Commanding Eighth Regiment [West] Virginia Mounted Infantry./

Numbers 9. Report of Colonel James N. Schoonmaker, Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

NEW CREEK, W. VA.,

December 6, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor, very respectfully, to submit the following report of my regiment, in connection with the brigade, during its recent expedition in West Virginia, from Beverly to Lewisburg, and return to New Creek:

On Sunday, the 1st day of November, I moved in advance of the mounted portion of the brigade and encamped near Huttonsville, some 12 miles distant, for the night. On the morning of the 2nd, I moved with my regiment in rear of the command from Huttonsville, on the Staunton pike, over the Cheat Mountain, across the Green-

