
brier River to Traveller's Repose, arriving there about 8 p. m., where we encamped for the night. On the morning of the 3rd, we moved again over the Alleghany Mountains in the direction of Huntersville, encamping at Cobb's Meadows, some 25 miles distant, at 7 p.m ., finding at the latter place plenty of forage for our horses.

On the 4th instant, at 7.30 p. m., we again took up the order of march, arriving at Huntersville at 1 p. m. Pursuant to instructions, within an hour from the time of our arrival at the latter place, I moved with my regiment and the Third [West] Virginia (Mounted) Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel Thompson commanding, on the road leading to Cackleytown, to endeavor, if possible, to intercept a rebel force lying at Marling's Bottom. Unfortunately, however, they had learned of the arrival of the brigade at Huntersville in sufficient time to pass at the junction of the Cackelytown road and Lewisburg pike, sending a sufficient force into the former to blockade it heavily, supposing the entire column was advancing in that direction. My skirmishers, whoever, drove the enemy back to the column at Cackleytown, and through the strenuous exertions of the pioneer parties of both regiments, I succeeded in cutting away the blockade, and after a sharp skirmish drove the enemy from the junction of the roads and gained a position protecting it. After dismounting my entire command and placing them in the most available position, I communicated the results of my action by rockets, which, however, failed to elicit a reply.

At the break of day on the 5th instant, I found the enemy had taken a very strong position, and was waiting an attack. Seeing that he outnumbered me 3 to 1, and had two pieces of artillery in position, I placed my force in as strong a defensive line as possible, communicating at this time to the general commanding the nature of affairs. After firing on my skirmishers for some half an hour and eliciting no reply, the enemy opened a rapid fire with his artillery on my main force stationed on the top of the hill. I withdrew into a sheltered position, and, supposing I was retiring, the enemy made an advance with infantry that most certainly would have driven me had not at this juncture Colonel Oley, with the Eighth [West] Virginia Mounted Infantry and one section of Ewing's battery, arrived on the Lewisburg pike, and reported to me. I at once dismounted his entire command, sending the Eighth [West] Virginia and Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, under the charge of Colonel Oley, to the right, and the Second and Third [West] Virginia to the left of my line, placing the section of artillery on the summit of the hill in the center. I immediately ordered a general advance, and opened on them a brisk fire. The enemy immediately abandoned his position, retiring toward Lewisburg.

The general commanding, with two infantry regiments, arriving at this period, the entire command was turned over to him. Pursuant to orders, I followed with a portion of my regiment and the Third [West] Virginia Mounted Infantry in the rear of the enemy as far as Hillsborough, capturing a few prisoners, and placing pickets on the main and by-roads, and returned to camp, near the town, at 7 p. m.

On the morning of the 6th instant, I was ordered with my regiment and Keeper's battery to move to the extreme right of the enemy, who had again taken position in the almost naturally fortified summit of Droop Mountain, and keep up a fire on their forces, that their attention might be withdrawn from Colonel Moor, who was to

