
make an attack on their left. After driving in their pickets and forcing back their line of skirmishers, I succeeded in getting the battery in the best possible position, and opened fire on the enemy's battery. The position of the latter was, however, fully 500 feet higher than the one I had attained, though scarcely 2,000 yards distant, and despite the exertions of the officers commanding the battery, it was impossible to reach the enemy effectively, while his shells were thrown under great advantage and with much precision. After using the entire battery in this manner until I was fearful that it was only a waste of ammunition, I withdraw two sections of the battery, and placed the remaining one in a sheltered position, keeping up a brisk fire, which occupied the attention of the enemy's battery entirely.

Knowing of the intended assault by Colonel Moor, I immediately got my regiment again formed, and passed with the two sections of artillery on the double-quick from the extreme right toward the center, placing the latter in position so as to make several very effective shots on the crest of the hill before that point was carried by the enemy. It was at this time that Second Lieutenant Daniels, of the battery, was killed instantly, while at my side, and working his section manfully without fear of danger. I hurried my right forward, but the great distance that it was compelled to travel prevented the main body from getting up in time to assist in the assault. The advance, however, arrived and went forward with the troops that carried the summit. The horses of the regiment being on the road to the right, it was some half an hour after the entire command had passed before they were mounted, and fully 8 o'clock before we encamped for the night.

On the morning of the 7th, my regiment being in the advance, I was directed to move forward at a steady but brisk gait with one section of Ewing's battery and learn, if possible, whether the enemy had again made a stand this side of, or retreated through, Lewisburg. I moved very rapidly through Frankford, and when within 8 miles of Lewisburg large fires were plainly visible. Supposing the enemy to be evacuating the place, I passed over the last 6 miles on the trot, to endeavor, if possible, to prevent te burning of such stores, &amp;c., as may have been at the post. When within 2 miles of the town I learned that General Duffie and the forces from the Kanawha had arrived and were occupying it, the camp fires causing the smoke, &c. I then camped my regiment on its suburbs, and sent two squadrons to scour the town and remove all troops from it.

I am sorry to state that there seemed at this time to be as much destruction going on as if the town had been given over to plunder. I succeeded, however, by the assistance of the regimental provost-marshal, in partially restoring order.

At noon on the 8th, we moved quietly on the Warm Springs road through White Sulphur Springs, rescuing some 8 of the wounded that were left in the hands of the enemy during the engagement on the 26th and 27th of August last, passing over the battle-ground of Rocky Gap, and examining the position occupied at the time of that engagement, encamping for the night at Callaghan's. On the 9th, we marched 27 miles from Callaghan's, encamping at night at Gatewood's. During the 10th instant, we were on the road from Gatewood's to Monterey, encamping 9 miles short of the latter place at 5 p. n. One of my best wagon horses was shot by bushwhackers during the day. On the 11th instant, pursuant to instructions, I

