
moved over the road to Monterey, passing that place about 1 p. m., encamping at sunset with the remainder of the command which had passed over through Highland. I succeeded during the day in collecting a sufficient number of sheep to feed the entire command during the remainder of the trip.

We passed through Franklin on the morning of the 12th, and, after a brisk march, on the 13th reached Petersburg about 5 p. m. On the morning of the 14th, I inspected the horses of the regiment, and found, with the exception of the greased heel, which had broken out in a number of cases, they were in almost as good condition as when we started. A severe storm on the morning of the 15th prevented our leaving as was expected, and it was 7 o'clock on the morning of the 16th before we were under way again for New Creek, encamping about 3 p. m., some 20 miles from the latter place. On the morning of the 17th, we marched again, arriving at New Creek about 4 p. m., selecting camping grounds and getting all fixed as circumstances would best permit.

The men are in excellent spirits over their more than successful trip, and a few days' care and treatment will make the horses in really better condition than when they started.

I cannot close my report, lieutenant, without making mention of the prompt and gentlemanly conduct of Colonel Oley and Lieutenant-Colonel Scott on the morning of the 5th instant. Without any hesitation, at my order they speedily dismounted their commands, took the positions designated, and drove the enemy in scarcely fifteen minutes from their arrival. They have my thanks for their actions.

Hoping this report may meet with the general's approval, I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

Your obedient servant,

J. N. SCHOONMAKER,

Colonel Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Lieutenant MARKBREIT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 10. Report of Major Thomas Gibson, Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding Independent Cavalry Battalion.

NEW CREEK, W. VA.,

November 19, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my battalion in the movements made by the First Separate Brigade from October 28 to November 18, 1863:

At Buckhannon, W. Va., on October 28, I received your telegram dated Beverly, October 28, and agreeably to its contents, I left Major Bowen, Third [West] Virginia Cavalry, with the companies of Captain Flesher and Lieutenant G. A. Sexton, both of the Third [West] Virginia Cavalry, and all dismounted men and unserviceable men and horses, with all company and garrison equipage and quartermaster's and ordnance stores not allowed by general orders. I gave Major Bowen instructions in writing relative to picket and guard

