
duty and preservation of drill and discipline. One copy of these instructions was sent to your headquarters. On the morning of the 29th, I moved for Beverly, where I arrived at 4.30 p. m. of the same day.

On the 1st day of November, I moved with the brigade and continued with it until the 5th day of November, on which day I marched to Cackleytown, by way of Marling's Bottom, with the train. On the 8th, I moved to hillsborough. Here I detailed Captain Jaehne's company to report to Colonel A. Moor, Twenty-eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and sent out two pickets of 20 men each to the right and left of Hillsborough, at 1 mile from the town.

When the battle commenced at Droop Mountain, I ascertained that my position was 3 3/4 miles in a direct line from the enemy's battery. I remained at this point until about 3 p. m., at which time an orderly gave me a verbal message from the general directing me to move up as soon as possible. I moved immediately at the trot, and when I reached the summit of the mountain, the general directed me to follow the retreating enemy and attack his rear vigorously with the saber. I moved forward as rapidly as possible, passing Captain Ewing, who was shelling their rear. I attacked the enemy's rear guard at a point about 5 miles from the battle-field. I ordered Captain Smith to charge with the saber a superior cavalry force of the enemy, which he did. The enemy were routed with loss of 1 killed and 3 wounded, who fell into our hands. They fled in much disorder.

In this charge Captain Smith, Third Ohio Independent Cavalry Company, was wounded in the shoulder while leading his men. His injury left his company without a commissioned officer.

I charged the enemy repeatedly, driving him about 2 miles. We had ridden up the mountain at a fast gait, and over the mountain also, which caused all of my horses but about 50 to drop behind. We drove the enemy, whose rear guard now consisted of about 200 cavalry retreating enemy until I had driven their whole rear guard, together with a piece of artillery, about 200 infantry, and several wagons, in a mass of disorderly fugitives.

We were opened upon by a force of infantry, posted in a strong position, covering the flying enemy. I endeavored to form my men for a charge on their artillery and train, which was difficult, as we were under a severe fire, which killed 3 horses and wounded 1 man in less than a minute. The rebel cavalry succeeded in forming about 50 men, who charged me before I had over about 15 men together, and by mere numbers compelled us to retire, with a loss of 1 man 50 men, who charged me before I had over about 15 men together, and by mere numbers compelled us to retire, with a loss of 1 man taken prisoner. I succeeded in getting 5 or 6 men in a field adjoining the road, and checked the rebel cavalry. The skirmishing between the rebels and my men was protracted, as I could not charge their position. Captain Ewing's battery coming up I soon had the enemy on the run again. Captain Jaehne, who now came up and reported, I again advanced. It was growing dark. The enemy fired on me from an ambuscade, from which I soon drove him. A squadron of mounted infantry now reported. Although it was too dark to see much, I continued pursuit, hoping for clear ground. Lieutenant Markbreit, acting assistant adjutant-general, now came up, and as it was very dark, I fell back 1 mile and camped for the night.

On the 7th, Sergeant Hess, of Company A, First [West] Virginia Cavalry, with 1 man took 6 armed rebels, overcoming them by his

