
daring. I sent out a foraging party under Lieutenant Scharenberg, acting adjutant, who succeeded in taking 1 prisoner, 50 head of beef cattle, and 125 sheep. I moved with the brigade from this time till the 10th of the month, on which day the general commanding directed me to go by way of Huntersville to Marling's Bottom or Edray, and there communicate with Colonel Moor, and to go from Edray to the vicinity of Hightown or Monterey, where I would rejoin the brigade on its way to Petersburg. At Marling's Bottom I found that Colonel Moor had passed about two hours. I left my command under command of the senior captain, and pushed forward with a squad, hoping to overtake Colonel Moor. At Edray I overtook Colonel Moor's rear guard and found that he was still 3 miles ahead. I found Lieutenant-Colonel Hall, of the Tenth [West] Virginia Volunteer Infantry, to whom I gave a verbal statement of our movements and success, he promising to deliver the same to Colonel Moor.

On the morning of the 11th, I moved toward Hightown by way of Dunmore. On the 12th, I rejoined the brigade at Franklin. While on the march from Petersburg to New Creek, I was ordered to report with my battalion to Lieutenant-Colonel Thompson, Third Regiment [West] Virginia Mounted Infantry. I found him marching toward Moorefield. I reported to him. On the 18th, I reached this place.

From the 28th of October to the 18th of November, we marched a total distance of about 330 miles. We took 15 prisoners, 20 horses, 50 head of beef cattle, and 125 sheep.

I respectfully forward lists* of casualties and of quartermaster's and ordnance stores lost, destroyed, and abandoned.+

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. GIBSON,

Major, Commanding Battalion.

Lieutenant L. MARKBREIT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 11.

Report of Brigadier General Alfred N. Duffie, U. S. Army, commanding expedition from Charleston.

CHARLESTON, W. VA.,

November 13, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the recent expedition made by me to Lewisburg, W. Va., and beyond:

I started from Charleston on the morning of November 3, 1863, at 6 a. m., my command consisting of the Thirty-fourth Ohio Mounted Infantry, Second [West] Virginia Volunteer Cavalry, and one section of Simmonds' battery, numbering in all 970 officers and men and 1,025 horses. On the 4th, we marched to Gauley, crossed the troops by means of a small ferry-boat, and proceeded on the Lewisburg pike. Here we were very much delayed by blockades in the road, which I

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 503.

---------------

+Not found.

