
had not expected to find. Under the superintendence of Captain Ricker, acting inspector-general of my brigade, the blockades for a distance of 8 miles were removed, bridges built or roads dug around them, and my command encamped for the night at Hamilton's, 8 miles beyond Gauley.

On the 5th, we marched to Tyree's, a distance of 22 miles, arriving at 2.30 p. m. This day we built one brigade and cut away a number of blockades. At Tyree's I was joined by Colonel White with two regiments of infantry at 4 p. m., he having been delayed by blockades in the road, and having broken down a number of his wagons loaded with subsistence stores.

On the 6th, the whole command marched to Meadow Bluff, 15 miles this side of Lewisburg. We encountered the enemy's pickets on Little Sewell Mountain, and drove them a distance of 5 miles, capturing 2 of them. I was informed by the prisoners captured that the whole force of rebels had marched against General Averell, on the Frankford road, with the exception of one regiment of cavalry which had been left to garrison Lewisburg.

At 2 a. m. of the 7th, one company of the enemy's cavalry made a dash upon my advanced guard, but were repulsed. Having ascertained during the night of the 6th that the enemy were engaged by the forces under General Averell, I anticipated the time of attack mentioned in my orders, and pushed forward my infantry at 3 a.m . to occupy Muddy Creek Mountain, a strong position with considerable fortifications, situated 7 miles this side of Lewisburg. The infantry occupied the position without opposition, and I pushed on with my whole command as rapidly as possible, with the purpose of placing my command in the enemy's rear, that we might capture their whole force between my forces and those of General Averell.

I made my entrance into Lewisburg at 9 a. m. of the 7th of November, but found the enemy had retreated in great confusion by way of the Union pike. The whole of their force having passed through during the night, I was able only to catch sight of a small detachment of cavalry which they had left to watch our movements. I learned the last of their column had passed the town at 7 a. m. I immediately pressed forward with my whole command, sending Major Hoffman with the Second [West] Virginia Cavalry to follow closely upon their rear. We succeeded in overtaking their rear guard and capturing 110 head of cattle, 2 caissons, and some prisoners, but were so delayed by the burning of a bridge and formidable blockades in the road as to be unable to engage their main force. I therefore withdrew my command from pursuit, and returned to Lewisburg.

At Lewisburg we captured the enemy's camps, destroying a large quantity of quartermaster's, commissary, and ordnance stores, which we were obliged to burn for want of transportation to remove them. We burned all the knapsacks of the Twenty-second Virginia Infantry (rebel) which they had left in their camp; also tents for one regiment.

General Averell reached Lewisburg with his forces between 4 and 5 p. m. of the 7th of November. On the morning of the 8th of November, General Averell ordered me to move against Union, at which point the rebel force was reported to have made a stand. Leaving my infantry, which was foot-sore and without rations (by reason of their wagons having broken down), at Greenbrier River, 4 miles beyond Lewisburg, I proceeded with the remainder of my

