
command toward Union. We were much delayed by blockades in the road, but removed them as rapidly as possible. The Thirty-fourth Ohio, being in advance, struck the rebel pickets at Second Creek, 8 miles from Union, capturing a few prisoners. From these prisoners I ascertained that the enemy was still in full retreat toward the Narrows of New River, where large re-enforcements were awaiting them. By citizens of Union whom I met on the road, I learned that the enemy had been re-enforced by Generals Williams and Imboden, and also by the Thirty-sixth Virginia Infantry (rebel), which left Princeton during the retreat of the rebels through Lewisburg.

At Second Creek I received an order from General Averell to return with my command to Lewisburg and from there to Meadow Bluff, while he should fall back by way of White Sulphur. I accordingly returned to Lewisburg on the 8th, and marched to Meadow Bluff on the 9th.

In view of the bad condition of the roads, from destruction of bridges, &amp;c., thus rendering the supplying of subsistence stores almost impossible, and being surprised by a heavy snow-storm, rendering the weather extremely inclement for both men and horses, I deemed it impracticable to remain with my command at Meadow Bluff. Accordingly, I returned, reaching Gauley on the evening of November 11.

On the return I found snow about 5 inches deep on Sewell Mountains. I found it very difficult to move my artillery and train over that portion of the road which had been blockaded, being obliged to dismount a portion of my command to push the wagons and artillery up the steep ascents, where the bridges had been destroyed. Several wagons were broken down, but were repaired so that they were all brought to Gauley.

I reached camp at Charleston with my command at 10 a. m. of November 13, having been absent eleven days, and having marched an aggregate distance of 250 miles.

The result of the expedition is as follows: Prisoners captured, 34; horses, about 50; wagons, 1; cattle, 140; small-arms, 102 stand. The above were brought away. Besides this we destroyed 300 or 400 stand small-arms, a large quantity of ammunition, tents for a regiment, knapsacks for a regiment (with the clothing, &c., in them), 2 artillery caissons, 10 or 12 wagons, and some quartermaster's stores, of which a memorandum was not taken. While I was proceeding toward Union, General Averell drove away about 110 head of cattle which were captured almost the entire rebel force.

I would mention that many of the enemy were scattered through the woods and are now about their homes. A large number of them will desert to our lines. Several families of refugees and about 100 negroes followed the command out from Lewisburg.

The losses in my command are 2 enlisted men of the Second [West] Virginia Cavalry, captured by the enemy in attacking his rear (their horses being shot), and 1 man of the Thirty-fourth Ohio wounded.

One battle-flag was captured by my body guard during the retreat of the enemy.

Much credit is due Colonel White and his command for cordial co-operation in the labors and objects of the expedition. My especial

