
thanks are due the officers and men of my command for the faithfulness and bravery with which they discharged the duties of a fatiguing and rigorous march.

Such good care was taken of the horses that not more than half a dozen were left behind as broken down.

I would especially mention Captain A. H. Ricker, acting inspector-general on my staff, for energy and diligence in discharging his duties.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. N. DUFFIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry.

Captain J. L. BOTSFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA, Numbers 29. Charleston, W. Va., November, 14, 1863.

The general commanding has the satisfaction of announcing to the Third Division the success of our troops who recently marched against Lewisburg.

The Second Regiment [West] Virginia Cavalry, Thirty-fourth Regiment Ohio Mounted Infantry, and one section of simmonds' battery, marched about 100 miles, the Twelfth and Ninety-first Regiment Ohio Infantry about 50 miles, including the crossing of New River, with such secrecy and celerity that the enemy were advised of their approach only as the advance guard came in sight of his pickets. A camp of the enemy, including a large amount of arms and stores, was taken and destroyed, a few prisoners captured, and the enemy driven in confusion many miles south of the position in which he was assailed, and the whole command returned almost intact to the position occupied before the march.

Thanks are due to General Duffie for the energy and skill with which he accomplished the objects of the expedition, and to his officers and men for the excellent discipline and good conduct they have displayed. It is proper to mention that the report of General Duffie gives great credit to Colonel White, commanding the Twelfth and Ninety-first Regiment Ohio Infantry.

By command of Brigadier General E. P. Scammon:

[JAS. L. BOTSFORD,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 12. Reports of Major General Samuel Jones, C. S. Army, commanding Department of Western Virginia and East Tennessee.

DUBLIN,

November 7, 1863.

General Echols was badly defeated, with heavy loss in killed, wounded, and prisoners, yesterday. He is closely pursued by enemy, estimated at 7,000, mostly mounted. Echols will retreat by Salt

