
DUBLIN,

November 11, 1863.

The enemy left Lewisburg yesterday. The cavalry went with General Averell toward Warm Springs, so far as I can ascertain, and the infantry returned through Pocahontas. The force from the Kanawha, round toward the Kanawha, round toward the Kanawha.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HDQRS. DEPT. WESTERN VIRGINIA AND EAST TENNESSEE,Dublin, November 14, 1863.

GENERAL: The information I have from Lewisburg and in front of that place represents the affair at Droop Mountain as by no means so disastrous to us as was at first supposed. It is believed that the enemy suffered much more seriously in killed and wounded than we did. Our scouts have been to Huntersville and Elk Mountain. That part of the enemy's force that came from Beverly and Monterey returned to the same places, leaving some of their wounded in Hillsborough. The force that came from the Kanawha returned to their former stations in haste. It is estimated that about 8,000 of the enemy were in Greenbrier.

They assign as the reason for their retreat want of subsistence, and for their haste that they had information that our troops were advancing upon them with large re-enforcements. They complained of their losses and the fruitlessness of the expedition. Our troops are occupying the positions from which they were driven. Brigadier-General Echols had made no official report of the affair. We lost no artillery or transportation, and the loss in men was small.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.
HDQRS. DEPT. WESTERN VIRGINIA AND EAST TENNESSEE,Dublin, December 11, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward with his the reports of Major General R. Ransom, jr., and his subordinate commanders, of the attack on the enemy near Rogersville, Tenn., and the reports of Brigadier General john Echols and subordinate commanders of the battle at Droop Mountain, in Pocahontas County, Va. Both of these affairs occurred on the same day, the 6th ultimo.

The affair at Rogersville was a complete success, and reflects great credit on the officers and men concerned. The affair at Droop Mountain was by no means so disastrous as at first reported. Our troops seem to have contended gallantly against vastly superior numbers, and though driven from the field, the artillery and trains were brought off and secured; and the enemy seems to have been so severely punished as to deter him from pressing on and following up the advan-

