
the side of a mountain near by, and under cover of thick woods and undergrowth, Colonel Jackson was ordered to send a force there to hold them in check, and, if possible, drive them back, and he accordingly detailed Lieutenant-Colonel Thompson, of the Nineteenth Virginia Cavalry, with about 175 men, for that purpose.

The enemy at this point had his forces so masked and concealed that it was impossible at first to estimate his force, especially as a very large force was seen in front. The fighting on the left soon became very severe, and I was notified by Lieutenant-Colonel Thompson that he was being hard pressed and must be re-enforced. Major Blessing, with the six companies of the Twenty-third Battalion, was accordingly ordered to report to and re-enforce him which was promptly done. The enemy at this time began to advance upon the center, and the fighting became general along the whole line, our artillery being served with great rapidity and precision, and having succeeded in silencing the batteries of the enemy.

In the course of an hour after the Twenty-third Battalion was sent to the left, and after very heavy fighting upon that flank, I was again notified by Lieutenant-Colonel Thompson (who had most gallantly contended with the numbers opposed to him, alternately driving them back and being in turn borne back) that he was being overpowered by the superior forces opposed to him, when Colonel Patton was ordered to detach three companies of the Twenty-second Regiment and to move them to the left, and to take command of them with the other troops then there. This was done, the three companies thus detached being placed under the immediate command of that gallant young officer, Captain John K. Thompson, of the Twenty-second Regiment, who upon this occasion, as upon many previous ones, greatly distinguished himself. The enemy were for a time held in check and driven back, but after a long and hard struggle it became evident that we were too greatly outnumbered, and I was informed by Colonel Patton that his force was not sufficient for the numbers opposed to him, and I saw that our left was being driven and bent back to the rear.

During this time a very heavy body of the enemy was thrown upon our center, under the immediate command of Colonel Jackson, and the batteries of the enemy were again put into position and opened upon us, and that portion of our line began to waver and fall back.

Deeming it useless to continue the unequal contest longer, at about 4 p. m. I gave orders to the troops to fall back slowly, and then for the artillery to be withdrawn from the field, where it had remained until nearly all of the supports had retired, and continued to hold the enemy in check by its rapid and well-directed discharges of grape and canister, for which too high praise cannot be awarded to Major McLaughlin and Captains Chapman, Jackson, and Lurty, and the officers and men under their command.

The retreat having to be conducted over a narrow and straight road along the top of a mountain for a distance of 4 miles, some confusion was produced by an alarm which spread among the horse-holders of the dismounted cavalry, and some of the men of the command became detached and made their way out through the woods. The enemy pressed for some few miles with their cavalry and mounted infantry and two or three pieces of artillery, but were held in check by our rear guard of cavalry, which was organized and controlled most gallantly and efficiently by Colonel M. J. Ferguson,

