
aided by Colonel Jackson, to both of which officers the thanks of the command are due for their great gallantry and efficiency as exhibited throughout the whole battle and retreat. Colonel Patton, by my order, went to the front and did everything that could be done in steadying and rallying and encouraging the men, and was as usual conspicuous on the field in the thickets of the fight.

The force under my command and actually engaged in the fight numbered about 1,700 men. The force of the enemy engaged was about 7,000, whom we held in check and fought for six hours. The estimate of Colonel Jackson placing their numbers at 3,500 was correct at the time when made, but they were re-enforced during the night previous to the battle without his knowledge, and these re-enforcements could not be known, owing to the character of the country, until the fight had progressed for some time. It was necessary that the retreat should be rapid, as, soon after the termination of the battle, information was brought to me that Brigadier-General Duffie, of the Federal Army, was, at 2 p. m., on the top of Little Sewell Mountain, 18 miles west of Lewisburg, advancing rapidly upon that won with a column of 2,500 men and 5 pieces of artillery to intercept me at that point.

At 4 p. m., when the battle ceased, I was 28 miles from Lewisburg. General Duffie halted and encamped for the night some 10 or 12 miles west of Lewisburg, but I, after halting my infantry and artillery and trains two hours for rest and refreshment, passed through Lewisburg and over Greenbrier River between 3 and 4 o'clock on the morning of the 7th instant General Duffie, with his troops, entering the town cautiously at 11 a. m. and General Averell at 4 p. m. on the same day.

My artillery and trains were brought safely through with the exception of a brass howitzer belonging to Chapman's battery, which had been badly injured in a previous engagement, and the carriage of which broke completely down during the retreat, so that it had to be left, thus affording the enemy the only trophy of which they could boast.

The casualties among our troops in killed, wounded, and missing amount to 275, a considerable number of thos who were reported as missing having returned to duty. The loss of the enemy was much greater, as is attested by the number of their dead left or buried near the field, and also of their wounded who were left, besides the large number of dead and wounded who were known to have been conveyed away.

Among our killed we have to deplore many gallant spirits, most conspicuous among whom, for his uniform gallantry and many soldierly qualities, was Major R. A. Bailey, of the Twenty-second Regiment, whose loss will be long and deeply felt. No soldier every displayed more dauntless courage than did he upon this his last battlefield.

It would make this report too long to mention particularly the names of all those who attracted observation and excited admiration by their good conduct. I must refer for the most of these to the accompanying reports of commanding officers. I cannot, however, refrain from bearing testimony to the distinguished gallantry of Lieutenant-Colonel Thompson, Major William Blessing, Major William McLaughlin, Captains Chapman, Jackson, and Lurty, of the artillery, and of Adjutants Rand, of the Twenty-second Regiment, and Harden, of the Twenty-third Battalion. My attention was also particularly

