
drawn during the thickest of the fight to the exhibition of cool courage and noble daring presented in the conduct of Lieutenant C. Irving Harvie, of Jenkin's brigade, and of Captain L. R. Exline, of Colonel Jackson's command.

The members of my staff-Capts. R. H. Catlett and W. R. Preston and Lieuts. J. W. Branham, Wood Bouldin, jr., E. C. gordon, and H. C. Caldwell-deserve especial mention for their activity and energy and courage upon the field, in rallying and encouraging the troops, and in conveying orders; and I desire in the most emphatic manner to express my obligations to Major George McKendree, brigade quartermaster, not only for his valuable services on the field, but for the untiring energy and ability displayed by him in his department.

Lieutenant-Colonel Edgar, of the Twenty-sixth Battalion, who, as has hereinbefore been mentioned, was detached from the brigade and ordered upon a road leading to the rear of our forces, was, by the movements of the enemy, cut off from the balance of the command, but succeeded in bringing off the whole of his battalion and rejoining the brigade with his troops in fine condition, for which he is entitled to the highest praise, surmounting as he did many difficulties which only his fine judgment and will and courage could enable him to overcome.

So far as the beneficial results of the expedition to the enemy can be estimated, they amount to nothing. They came with two large forces, amounting in the aggregate to nearly 10,000 men, with the expectation of capturing the command of Colonel Jackson and this brigade, and of then moving upon our interior lines of railroad. By fighting, however, so far from the interior, and by being so checked and damaged and baffled as they were, they failed in the one object and abandoned the other.

I transmit herewith the reports of the various commanding officers, and also a diagram* showing the position of the troops upon the field of battle.

I am, major, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JNO. ECHOLS,

Brigadier-General.

Major C. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &c.

Numbers 14. Report of Colonel George S. Patton, Twenty-second Virginia Infantry, commanding Echols's brigade.

CAMP BAILEY,

November 19, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the troops under my command in the action at Droop Mountain, on the 6th instant:

I was ordered by the brigadier-general commanding to assume command of his brigade, consisting only of the Twenty-second Virginia Regiment and Twenty-third Virginia Battalion, the Twenty-

