
sixth Virginia Battalion, under Lieutenant-Colonel Edgar, having been detached to occupy a position on another road. Upon the troops reaching the western extremity of the mountain, I ordered Major Blessing, commanding the Twenty-third Virginia Battalion, to move his command to the right of the turnpike road at the summit of the mountain and to deploy two companies as skirmishers in his front. The Twenty-second Virginia Regiment, commanded by Major R. A. Bailey, was ordered to a position in rear of the artillery to act as a support.

It soon became evident that the enemy's efforts would be directed wholly to our center and left. I was now requested by Colonel W. L. Jackson to move a regiment to his right and rear as a reserve to his command and to protect the right of the hill on which the artillery was posted. I ordered the Twenty-second Virginia Regiment forward, and supplied its place near the artillery with the Twenty-third Virginia Battalion, now reduced to six companies, two being detached as pickets on roads in our rear.

While these dispositions were being made, a brisk artillery duel was kept up and the skirmishing along the line became frequent and heavy. The increased rapidity of the firing on the left now gave notice that the enemy were there in force, and I was ordered by General Echols to send the Twenty-third Virginia Battalion to re-enforce Lieutenant-Colonel Thompson, of the Nineteenth Virginia Cavalry, in command on the flank. This was done and the action became very heavy in that direction. It was evident that our men were largely outnumbered and were being driven back. At this juncture I was ordered to assume command on that flank, and three companies of the Twenty-second Virginia Regiment, under Captain John K. Thompson, sent with me.

On reaching the scene of action it was evident that our little force was largely outnumbered and the enemy were entirely beyond both flanks. Our forces were retiring from the field in spite of the earnest and gallant efforts of Lieutenant-Colonel Thompson and other officers to rally them. Captain Thompson with his three companies gallantly rushed to the front, formed under a galling fire, and actually drove back the enemy for some little distance. I now endeavored to rally men to his support, seconded most gallantly by Colonel Thompson, and we succeeded in collecting a considerable number together, when I received a communication from General Echols informing me that the whole right had given way, and ordering me to fall back to the main road and join him.

I sent orders to the commanders to fall back slowly, and with the men we had collected we marched to the road. I was then ordered by General Echols to proceed to the front and endeavor to rally the men, which I could not succeed in doing, as the whole road was blocked with artillery, caissons, wagons to escape capture, and which prevented anything like reorganization. At Frankford, 19 miles from the field, I succeeded in collecting a nucleus of the command and kept it together.

I am ignorant of what passed on the right after I was sent away, but that part of the field was under the personal supervision of General Echols, and I am without an official report in consequence of the death of Major Bailey.

I cannot conclude without expressing my high appreciation of the valor and desperate courage of the troops under my command.

