
They fought under the most discouraging circumstances, and fought well, and they were still fighting when ordered to retire.

The Twenty-second Virginia Regiment went into action about 550 strong, losing 113 in killed, wounded, and missing. The Twenty-third Virginia Battalion was about 350 strong, and lost 61 in killed, wounded, and missing.

I have to deplore the loss of the gallant Major R. A. Bailey, of the Twenty-second Virginia Regiment. When struck he was bearing the colors of his regiment, and rallying his men by voice and example. In him the cause has lost a brave and devoted officer, whose cool courage and excellent judgment had been tested on many fields.

Lieutenant William S. McClanahan, of Company A, of the same regiment, was mortally wounded and has since died. He was a gallant soldier.

Major William Blessing, of the Twenty-third Virginia Battalion, is entitled to credit for his skillful handling of his men and his courage. He speaks most favorably of Adjt. James A. Harden.

Capts. R. Q. Laidley and George S. Chilton, of the Twenty-second Virginia Regiment, were seriously wounded while gallantly leading and encouraging their men, and are recommended for favorable notice.

I cannot mention particularly the officers on the right, as I was not a witness of the fight there.

I feel it my duty to call especial attention to Captain John K. Thompson, Company A, Twenty-second Virginia Regiment, who received his third wound on this occasion while bravely leading his men. This gallant young officer is entitled to great credit, and he is earnestly recommended to the favorable notice of the brigadier-general commanding.

I owe thanks to Captain William R. Preston, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Noyes Rand, adjutant of the Twenty-second Virginia Regiment, acting as aides. They carried my orders intelligently and were much exposed. Their gallantry was conspicuous.

Sergt. Major Monroe Quarrier is also entitled to credit for courage and efficiency.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. PATTON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain R. H. CATLETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 15. Report of Captain John K. Thompson, Twenty-second Virginia Infantry.

LEWISBURG, November --, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of Companies A, E, and I, of the Twenty-second Regiment Virginia Infantry, in the action at Droop Mountain on November 6:

About -- a. m. the above-mentioned companies were detached from the Twenty-second Regiment and placed under my command to re-

