
enforce the left of our position, which was at that time being driven back by an overwhelming force of the enemy. At the time of my arrival on the ground, the position occupied by our forces was the top of a spur of Droop Mountain, which was densely covered with laurel and underbrush. The enemy had gained the top and were deployed across it and were slowly driving our troops before them. I deployed my command in line parallel to and about 20 yards from the enemy, engaging him immediately, and checking his advance for some little time. An effort was then made to rally the Twenty-third Battalion and the detachments of the Fourteenth and Nineteenth Cavalry, which were giving way in some confusion, but without success.

The enemy in the meantime reformed, and by superiority of numbers compelled our line to give way. We retired slowly, contesting every inch of ground we yielded, until orders were received from yourself to fall back, which was effected in good order until we reached the turnpike. On reaching that point, however, we found everything in confusion. Artillery, baggage wagons, and fleeing cavalry blocked up the road for some distance to our rear. Several efforts were made to rally the troops, but without effect, so that nothing was left but to draw off, which was done amid much confusion.

The loss in the three companies was severe. The command went into action about 125 strong, of which number 9 were killed, 30 wounded, and 12 missing. Among the latter Captain John P. Toney, of Company I, Twenty-second Virginia Regiment.

The men fought gallantly, and though conscious of being outnumbered, retired fighting obstinately, maintaining their alignment until run over and dispersed by our own cavalry.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. K. THOMPSON,

Captain, Commanding Detachment.

Colonel GEORGE S. PATTON,

Commanding First Brigade, Army of Southwestern Virginia.

Numbers 16. Report of Major William Blessing, Twenty-third Battalion Virginia Infantry.

CAMP NEAR LEWISBURG,

November 18, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor respectfully to make the following report of the part taken by this battalion in the battle of the 6th instant, viz:

When I arrived on the field I was assigned to a position on the right of the main road leading from Mill Point to Lewisburg Shortly after taking this position I received orders to detach one company for picket duty and order it to report to you for instructions. Company C was selected for this duty. I was also ordered to deploy the two flanking companies, A and F, as skirmishers in front of the position occupied by the battalion. Instructions were given these to advance about 400 yards to the front and await the approach of the enemy until further orders. These skirmishers were recalled in about half an hour.

