
After remaining in this position with the battalion about one hour, I received orders to march the battalion to the support of the battery about 400 yards on my left. Here I was assigned to a position under cover immediately in rear of the battery. In this position I remained about ten minutes, when the firing on the left became very brisk. I was then ordered to send one company back to my original position on the right, and to march with the remaining six companies to the support of Captain Marshall, who, with about 125 dismounted cavalry, was being forced back on the left.

Immediately on arriving there I threw the battalion into line and charged the enemy back to his main body, when we were met with a terrible fire and forced back to a fence running parallel with our line. Here we were re-enforced by two companies of dismounted cavalry and made a stand of about ten minutes, but were forced back again. We then retired slowly, making several desperate stands, and being as often driven back, until re-enforced by three companies of the Twenty-second Virginia Regiment and one dismounted company of the Fourteenth Virginia Cavalry, when we made one last effort to hold them in check, but the numbers were so far superior to ours it was of no avail, and then we fell back to the main road by your order. This was done in as good as could be expected under the circumstances.

I cannot discriminate between the company officers and men of the battalion. All id their duty and all fought well, but I know that none will think hard when I say that Adjt. James A. Harden acted very gallantly, exposing himself to the hottest of the fire and doing all in his power to preserve order and win a victory.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. BLESSING,

Commanding Twenty-third Virginia Battalion.

Colonel GEORGE S. PATTON,

Commanding, &amp;c.

Numbers 17. Report of Colonel William L. Jackson, Nineteenth Virginia Cavalry, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Union, W. Va., November 9, 1863.

CAPTAIN: On the 3rd instant, at 6 p. m., I received a dispatch from Lieutenant George W. Siple, commanding at Dunmore, that the enemy had appeared in force at Green Bank, 20 miles from Huntersville. This information I dispatched to Brigadier-General Echols and to colonel Arnett, commanding at Marling's Bottom, and to Captain J. W. Marshall, commanding at Edray. I also ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Thompson, then on an expedition to Nicholas County, to return.

Lieutenant Siple was instructed to ascertain the force and intentions of the enemy, and if pressed to fall back through Huntersville to Mill Point by the Beaver Creek road, blockading said road as effectually as possible. At the same time I took the precaution to

