
ginia Cavalry, arrived. During the night there was no apparent movement of the enemy, but a large camp fire was observed in the neighborhood of Huntersville. From scouts sent to reconnoiter, and from my own observation, I estimated the force encamped before me at 3,500; but I am now convinced that during the night of the next morning a large re-enforcement arrive,d and from the facts now before I estimate the Federal force under General Averell at 7,500.

On the morning of the 6th instant, about 9 a. m., General Echols arrived, and soon afterward the Twenty-second Virginia Regiment and Lieutenant-Colonel Derrick's battalion, with Jackson's and Chapman's batteries, under command of Colonel George S. Patton. General Echols approved the disposition of my force and the position selected, and immediately prepared for the apprehended attack. I had a force in front about the center of the position under Colonel Arnett, who had thrown up temporary breast-works during the night and morning. The right, with artillery, I regarded as self-protecting. The fourteenth Virginia Cavalry joined my force on the left of the center. Lieutenant-Colonel Thompson was on our extreme left pointing to the rear, with instructions to hold that and to prevent the enemy from attaining our rear. The positions assigned to the Twenty-second Regiment and Derrick's battalion were judiciously selected, but need not be described by me. I had on the field about 750 men. The residue of my force was on the Locust Creek road or cut off in Pocahontas.

The enemy moved to the attack about 11 a. m., planting artillery on our right, threatening and skirmishing with the center, and by a vigorous attack on our extreme left. The fight was well maintained on our extreme left, but it becoming evident to General Echols that our force there must be re-enforced (indeed, Lieutenant-Colonel Thompson called for re-enforcements), he sent two companies of the Fourteenth Virginia Cavalry and Derrick's battalion there, and subsequently several companies of the Twenty-second Regiment, and eventually Colonel Patton proceeded there. The fight now became general on the whole line. Several charges were made on the center (the positions occupied by Colonel Arnett and Colonel Cochran), but they were gallantly repelled, and the center never did falter or give way until it became manifest that the extreme left could not longer be held and that the enemy were getting in our rear; then the force in the center, pressed by four regiments of the enemy, fell back toward the batteries.

At this point I communicated to General Echols the situation of the center, and suggested to Major McLaughlin, chief of artillery, to move all or a portion of his artillery to the rear. He did move all but two pieces, one from Chapman's and the other from Jackson's batteries. Captains Jackson and Chapman remained with these two pieces.

General Echols at this stage arrived at the position held by me and assisted in rallying the men. It is unnecessary for me to report what then occurred during his presence. Quite a number were rallied at this point, held the position gallantly, and the two pieces aforesaid rained canister and grape upon the enemy, checking their advance on the center and right. Holding this position about twenty minutes, I received an order from General Echols to fall back, as the enemy had almost reached the rear and could no longer be held.

I accordingly fell back in as good order as the nature of the case

