
would admit, under severe shelling and an enfilading fire of musketry, making a momentary stand before reaching the road to enable the two pieces aforementioned to get out. As soon as I perceived their safety I reached the road. Near this point the brave Major Bailey, of the Twenty-second, was mortally wounded, and others fell.

After this I assisted Colonels Cochran and Ferguson in protecting the retreat, at the request of General Echols, and passed through Lewisburg about daylight the next morning. The Sixteenth Virginia Cavalry, having come in from Meadow Bluff, remained there and brought up the rear. A portion of my command with others were cut off, there being but the one road to retreat upon, and that at one time somewhat jammed by horsemen, infantry, and trains; but it affords me pleasure to state that the most of those cut off are safe and are returning to their commands.

I fear my loss is about 150 in killed and wounded, including a number of gallant officers. You will appreciate the difficulty in estimating the loss at this time. My train and artillery were all brought out safely, except one wagon loaded with corn, which broke down. The horses are safe.

My command and the officers and men of others, so far as they came under my immediate notice, made a splendid fight against overwhelming odds as long as the position was tenable. I have participated in a number of distinguished battles, and have not witnessed more gallant conduct anywhere.

I cannot omit calling attention specially to the brave bearing of Capts. L. R. Exline (who lost an arm at Sharpsburg), George Downs, J. W. Ball, D. M. Camp, Lewis, and Martin (the latter twice wounded), and Lieuts. S. W. Rice, C. W. Minter, John Lewis, and J. W. Morgan (the latter killed). The officers and men of Captain J. W. Ball, Nineteenth Regiment Virginia Cavalry, never were in disorder during the fight or retreat. There are others who deserve notice for gallant conduct, but the limits of this port preclude their mention.

I witnessed great gallantry on the part of officers and men of the Fourteenth Virginia Cavalry and the Twenty-second Virginia Regiment, but these will doubtless be appropriately mentioned by the proper officers. The officers and men of Captain Lurty's battery exhibited a high order of courage and skill, and both at Mill Point and at Droop Mountain gave indications of what that new company will yet become.

The loss of the enemy was much greater than ours. I should say, from my own observation, double the number in killed and wounded. He took but few prisoners, in my opinion.

The brilliant fight at Droop Mountain and the subsequent movements of our force will, I am satisfied, compel the enemy to abandon his designs, whatever they are or were, notwithstanding his force, numbering near 10,000, including the force from the Kanawha Valley that was to cut off our retreat.

Accompanying this are the reports of Colonel William W. Arnett and Lieutenant Colonel William P. Thompson, to which I call special attention.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. L. JACKSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain R. H. CATLETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

