
The next morning, under your orders, I relived two companies of the fourteenth that had been sent the night before to guard the approach to our rear and left flank. I sent 10 men under Lieutenant Boggs. A short time afterward I re-enforced the post with 15 men, under Lieutenant Jarrett. You afterward deeming that an important point of attack from the enemy, in obedience to your instructions, I sent 100 cavalry under command of Captain J. W. Marshall to re-enforce the officers already mentioned, to dismount his men and send the horses to the rear, and to hold the point at all hazards. Twenty minutes after I received an order from you to go in person with the residue of the cavalry to the place already indicated, and to hold it until further orders.

In the meantime the enemy had made his appearance on the left, and sharp firing had occurred. I had gone farther to the left than when the actual fight took place, under the impression that the enemy were endeavoring to gain our rear by a more circuitous route than the one they came. This impression arose from a dispatch from Lieutenant Boggs to that effect. I left the gallant Captain John S. Spriggs and his company to guard that point and returned to the turnpike with the dismounted cavalry. There I placed them under charge of Major Kesler, the command consisting of detachments of the Nineteenth and Twentieth Virginia Cavalry. I ordered him to re-enforce Captain Marshall immediately and to push the enemy was fast as possible. He, with about 50 men, moved to the point I have mentioned, and as soon as he arrived the line made a gallant and successful charge, driving the enemy before them until they met heavy re-enforcements. I then dispatched to you and General Echols to re-enforce me heavily. Just then Major Blessing, commanding Derrick's battalion, numbering about 300 men, reported to me, he having deployed his command on the right of the line formed by Captain Marshall.

The enemy pressed our line persistently and with much impetuosity, and in despite of the gallant conduct of many officers the line gradually gave way before an overwhelming force. This being the left wing of our army, and as it protected the rear of the whole force, I made determined efforts to hold the position. At this time the men fought with great gallantry against overpowering odds, there being at the time at least 2,500 of the enemy. The enemy knew his advantage and pressed it with great vigor. I was then re-enforced by detachments of two companies of the Fourteenth (Captains Bouldin's and Wilson's). These I deployed to the left when the enemy was making his fiercest attack. Soon after the arrival of the last-mentioned re-enforcements, we rallied the men and selected an admirable position, and when the enemy made his appearance he met with fearful loss; but our men, impressed with the belief that they were overpowered, gradually and in despite of the efforts of gallant officers, retired before the advancing line of the enemy. When within about 300 yards of the turnpike I received three companies of the Twenty-second [Virginia Infantry], which had been sent to my assistance. Two companies and half of another I deployed to our right to sustain Derrick's battalion, and the other to the left. They fought with great coolness and gallantry, but they, too, with the rest, gave way.

Colonel Patton in the meantime came to me. He had not been with me more than six or eight minutes before we received an order from General Echols to fall back. In a few moments afterward we received an order to march in retreat. When I came to the road I found the main command marching in retreat.

