
to prevent flank movements, which were constantly attempted. Our men were sheltered by the timber while the enemy advanced in line of battle, and as our men shot with coolness and precision, the enemy suffered considerably.

I return my grateful thanks to the officers and men under my command for the ready and cheerful acquiescence in all the orders I gave during the battle.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. THOMPSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel 19th Va. Cav., Commanding Left Wing.

Colonel W. L. JACKSON, Commanding, &amp;c.

Numbers 19. Report of Colonel William Wiley Arnett, Twentieth Virginia Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Salt Pond Mountain, November 8, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of a detachment of your brigade in the battle of Droop Mountain, and also of its operations both anterior and subsequent thereunto, but connected therewith:

Being encamped at Marling's Bottom, in the county of Pocahontas, on November 4, I received a dispatch from Lieutenant Siple, commanding Captain McNeel's company, then stationed at Dunmore, that the enemy in force were at Green Bank, in the northern portion of the county of Pocahontas. That dispatch I immediately forwarded to your headquarters at Mill Point, at the same time notifying Captain Marshall, commanding detachment at Edray. In a short time thereafter your dispatch to Lieutenant Siple was brought to my headquarters, and together with it I forwarded one of my own requesting the lieutenant to send both you and myself any and all information he might obtain concerning the movements, strength, or intention of the enemy. Vainly waiting a reply from him for what I considered a sufficient length of time to justify me in the supposition that his (Lieutenant Siple's) communication with us had been cut off, I sent out scouts from my command, who discovered, and returned me a report of, the enemy near Huntersville, 6 miles distant from my camp.

Thereupon I ordered my wagons to be loaded and to move off on the road leading to your headquarters, a distance of 8 miles from my camp, at the same time informing you of the whereabouts of the enemy, and ordering Captain Marshall to move by a mountain path intersecting the road on which I would retreat (the Lewisburg road) at Mrs. Kee's, 1 mile distant from my camp. This I did that I might be able to dig away and blockade that portion of the road, which I did as effectually as the means and appliances at my command would permit. I moved off, having been joined by Captain Marshall's detachment from the point above alluded to (the house of Mrs. Kee) about the time the enemy made his appearance at my old camp.

Leaving a small squad of cavalry under command of Major Lady to watch his movements, I started at sundown Wednesday evening, the 4th instant, for your headquarters. All these moves were made in pursuance of orders issued from time to time by yourself. I received several dispatches from you while on the way, stating that the enemy in considerable force were advancing on the Beaver Creek road

