
leading direct from Huntersville to Mill Point. I, however, passed the intersection of the road above alluded to, where the enemy had been foiled in his endeavors to capture my command by Lieutenant-Colonel Thompson's command, which, through your order, was holding the enemy in check until I could pass.

I reported to you at Mill Point and was ordered to take position on the hill to the southwest thereof. I received a subsequent order to assume command of all of your infantry, and station them by detachments in tenable positions along the stream near Mill Point. I did so, and remained there until the following morning, when I received orders from you to hold my position there until the enemy should open his battery upon us (which, to have been in view, must have been within the range of grape-shot), when I should move out by the safest route indicated by you to Droop Mountain.

The enemy opened his artillery about 11 o'clock, when I commenced a retreat to the point designated, moving my command as much as possible under cover of hills and through timber, and notwithstanding the shells of the enemy burst in numbers over our heads and near our ranks, not the slightest confusion was thereby created. Arriving at Droop Mountain I took position on a high point adjacent the road, that position having been selected by yourself. There we remained until the following morning, when, the enemy sending small squads forward from time to time, slight skirmishing ensued.

About 2 p. m., November 6, we were attacked vigorously by a heavy force of the enemy, consisting of the Second, Third, and Eighth [West] Virginia and another regiment of the Federals. The majority of my command, officers and men, behaved with great courage and coolness, some of them even holding their position until they could and did strike the enemy with their guns. Through fear of being flanked or even cut off by the enemy, then driving our left wing, we fell back to our battery, where we took position and remained until ordered back by yourself.

Concerning the number of killed and wounded, either of my own command or of the enemy, I have not the means of ascertaining, but the action being spirited, our loss will doubtless correspond.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. WILEY ARNETT,

Colonel 20th Virginia Cavalry, Commanding Detachment.

Colonel W. L. JACKSON, Commanding Huntersville Line.

Numbers 20. Report of Colonel Milton J. Ferguson, Sixteenth Virginia Cavalry, commanding detachment of Jenkin's brigade.
HEADQUARTERS JENKIN'S CAVALRY BRIGADE,November 16, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the action of a portion of this command in the battle at Droop Mountain on the 6th instant:

Having received information from Brigadier-General Echols of the advance of the enemy under General Averell upon Mill Point, the position occupied by Colonel Jackson's command, I ordered the Fourteenth Virginia Cavalry (Colonel Cochran's command) to the support of Colonel Jackson at Mill Point, with orders to co-operate with Colonel Jackson in contesting the advance of the enemy.

