
Upon consultation with General Echols, it was deemed unsafe to withdraw the whole force from the front of Lewisburg guarding the approaches from Kanawah and Nicholas Counties. Accordingly the Sixteenth Regiment Virginia Cavalry, Major Nounnan commanding, was ordered to take position near Bunger's Mill, 5 miles west of Lewisburg, while a squadron from the Fourteenth Regiment Virginia Cavalry, Captain Strain commanding, remained upon picket and outpost duty, covering the road from Nicholas County. Although no advance was at that time reported from Kanawha, apprehensions were felt that such an advance would be made in co-operation with General Averell, and the presence of an increased force in that direction strengthened these apprehensions.

Having received no orders from Major-General Jones indicating the disposition I was to make of this command, I reported to Brigadier-General Echols and was under his order, and did then and do now cheerfully concur with General Echols in the dispositions made of the whole command.

On the morning of the 5th instant, I joined General Echols, who was then on the march, and arrived at the camp of Colonel Jackson, at the eastern base of Droop Mountain, at 6 a.m . of the 6th instant. One squadron from the Fourteenth Regiment was ordered to take position upon what is known as the old road, or Locust Creek road. The residue of the Fourteenth Regiment (being the efficient men of six companies) were dismounted and participated in the engagement which followed. Four companies were upon the extreme left of the line of battle, under the immediate command of Lieutenant-Colonel Gibson, and two companies in the center, under command of Captains Smith and McClung.

The enemy's force was large and overpowering. Our forces were compelled to fall back. Some confusion prevailed at first, owing in a great degree to the shape of the ground and the character of the country, and also to an alarm which had spread among the horseholders, but after the command had remounted, order was restored and an efficient rear guard formed. The enemy pressed vigorously and skirmishing continued for 10 miles. Upon arriving at Frankford and halting the command for rest and food, information was received from major Nounnan of the advance of the enemy in force from Kanawha, and at that time at Meadow Bluff, 15 miles west of Lewisburg. The march was again resumed, the Sixteenth Regiment remaining in position until the column had passed Lewisburg, and then formed the rear guard, leaving Lewisburg as the enemy in large force entered it from Kanawha.

Our loss in that portion of the Fourteenth Regiment engaged was 3 killed, 8 wounded, and 14 missing. Among the wounded are Captains Smith and McClung and Lieutenant G. J. Reger.

Major B. F. Eakle, Captain E. E. Bouldin, and Lieutenant J. A. Feamster, of the Fourteenth Regiment, with the privates who composed the rear guard, behaved with the most commendable coolness and courage. The distinguished gallantry of Lieutenant C. Irving Harvie, of the Provisional Army, C. S., is worthy of the highest commendation.

I am, major, your most obedient servant,

M. J. FERGUSON,

Commanding Brigade.

Major C. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

35 R R-VOL XXIX, PT I

