
Numbers 21. Report of Major William McLaughlin, C. S. Army, commanding artillery.
HEADQUARTERS,Lewisburg, W. Va., November 21, 1863.

SIR: I submit the following report of the operations of the artillery in the action on Droop Mountain on the 6th instant:

My command, consisting of Captain Chapman's battery (four pieces) and Captain Jackson's battery (two pieces), left Lewisburg on the morning of the 5th with the infantry, for the purpose of supporting Colonel William L. Jackson.

On the morning of the 6th, one of the rifle pieces of Chapman's battery, under command of Lieutenant John Campbell, was detached and ordered to report to Lieutenant-Colonel Edgar for the purpose of assisting in guarding the old road from Hillsborough to Falling Spring, and with the rest of the command we joined Colonel Jackson at Droop Mountain about 9 o'clock. I immediately reconnoitered the position and found Captain Lurty's battery (two pieces), of Colonel Jackson's command, posted on a projecting spur of the mountain and commanding the approaches from the front. I also assumed command of this battery, and at once placed Captain Jackson's battery in the same position. Captain Chapman's battery was ordered to the hill in the rear and in easy supporting distance, one pieces being placed in position so as to sweep the approaches to the right.

In a short time the enemy advanced a battery of six guns to within about five-eighths of a mile of our batteries and opened fire upon the horses of the cavalry and upon our batteries. Captains Jackson and Lurty promptly replied, as also Captain Chapman with his piece in position, and after a sharp and steady artillery duel, lasting for about half an hour, the enemy's battery was silenced and driven rapidly from the field. Captain Chapman's battery then moved to the same position as the other batteries, and a desultory fire was kept up for some time upon the infantry and cavalry of the enemy as they presented themselves within range. About 1 a. m. the enemy again advanced three pieces to the position previously occupied and opened upon our batteries. Captain Jackson with his two pieces, and Captain Chapman with his rifle pieces, replied with a steady and well directed fire, and in a short time succeeded in again silencing them.

In the meantime two pieces were advanced up the road and opened upon the Twenty-second Virginia Regiment, which occupied a position to the left of our front, but a few shots from Chapman's and Lurty's howitzers soon drove them off. Perceiving that we were being steadily pressed back on the left, and that our center was wavering, I ordered Captain Lurty's battery (the ammunition of which was nearly exhausted), the 24-pounder howitzer of Chapman's battery,a nd the caissons to the rear, while the remaining pieces opened upon the enemy's infantry as they advanced in front. In accordance with the instructions of the brigadier-general commanding, I directed Lieutenant Blain, of Jackson's battery, to place the Parrott gun of his battery and the 12-pounder howitzer of Chapman's battery in position on the hill in rear, so as to cover the retreat should that be necessary. The two pieces remaining-one of Chapman's and the other of Jackson's batteries-continued to play upon the enemy's infantry, as they attempted to advance, with shell and canister, driving them back and preventing their advance in our front and up the road.

