
Finding that all our infantry supports were fast retiring, and that we were subjected to a flank fire from the left, I directed these two pieces to limber to the rear, and just then received an order from the brigadier-general commanding (through Colonel Jackson) to move all the artillery briskly to the rear, as the enemy were pressing on the left, and seeking to cut off our retreat. These two pieces were brought off in good order, although subjected to a heavy fire from the enemy's artillery, which was placed in position just as we limbered up, and to a flank fire from his infantry. The rest of the artillery having received the same orders direct, preceded me in good order, and all continued the retreat in like manner.

After halting at Frankford to feed and rest we continued the retreat and passed Lewisburg about 2 o'clock the next morning, bringing everything off safely excepting the brass howitzer of Chapman's battery, which was injured at White Sulphur Springs. On the retreat, the carriage of this gun breaking down, it was first lashed to the limber, but the pintle-hook breaking, it was placed in the limber-chest. This also breaking down no means of removing the gun were left, and it had to be abandoned. It was concealed, but subsequently I learn fell into the hands of the enemy.

I have no casualties to report in the batteries.

I take great pleasure in bearing testimony to the courage, coolness, and self-possession displayed by all the officers and men of the batteries, both in action and on the retreat.

I desire particularly to call attention to the courage and gallantry displayed by Captains Chapman, Jackson, and Lurty, commanding batteries, and the efficient services rendered by them. Captains Chapman and Jackson remained on the field until the last pieces were withdrawn, directing their fire and assisting in bringing them safely off. The good conduct of Lieutenants Blain and Woods, of Jackson's battery, attracted my attention, as also that of Sergt. C. Black, of Chapman's battery, to whom I intrusted the removal of the caissons. Great credit is also due to Sergt. William J. Dixon, of Chapman's battery. He brought off safely, by an unfrequented road and without support, the pieces that had been placed on the old road, joining us the next morning near Greenbreir Bridge.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM McLAUGHLIN,

Major, Commanding Artillery.

Captain R. H. CATLETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 22. Report of Brigadier General John D. Imboden, C. S. Army, commanding Valley District, of operations November 4-14.

STAUNTON, November 14, 1863.

COLONEL: On the evening of the 4th instant, I received a note from Lieutenant Byrd, commanding detachment at Hightown, in Highland County, that the enemy had appeared over 5,000 strong at Camp Bartow, on the east side of Cheat Mountain, and a few hours later another dispatch that he had moved toward Huntersville.

At daybreak on the 5th, I left my camp, 4 miles from Bridgewater, and moved to Buffalo Gap and encamped. I ordered six day's rations (hard bread and bacon) to be sent on the cars to Goshen

