
doubt that Mulligan, with a fresh force of 800 men from Petersburg, would form a junction that evening with Averell at Monterey. I then deemed a raid on Staunton highly probable, and to repel it (tired as were my men) I ordered up 150 men to top of Shenandoah Mountain (16 miles distant) that night, and followed in the morning with 750 more and four pieces of artillery, and called out the Augusta Home Guards. Mulligan and Averell did form a junction, making their united force near 4,000 men, but made no effort to reach Staunton. They went on toward Hardy.

Having sent Captain McNeill into Hardy two weeks ago with 200 men, who are still there, I immediately dispatched three couriers to his party to obstruct the roads about and north of Franklin, and take position in the cliffs and bushwhack the enemy as he passed. I also sent 40 fresh cavalry to harass him at different points in the mountains. I expect to hear good accounts from both these parties. The force that accompanies me was much jaded, having marched nearly 200 miles in six days through the mountains and over bad roads. Although I inflicted no appreciable damage on the enemy, I am certain I saved all the furnaces (six or eight in full blast), on the west side of Rockbridge and Botetourt Counties. I have information that leaves no doubt that the column I repulsed at Covington were furnished with several days' rations and ordered to proceed down Jackson's River, burn the depots and bridges, destroy the furnaces, and retreat by Millborough and Warm Springs to the main body.

I will rest two days, and on Monday move down into the lower end of Rockingham or Shenandoah, and see what further can be done before winter sets in. I am satisfied Averell will seek to winter his cavalry at Moorefield. Forage and other supplies are abundant in that rich valley. He has over 3,000 men, Mulligan over 1,000 - a force too large for me to drive out. I will harass them all winter, but that is all I can do. To-morrow I start Captain Hill with a company to Barbour County to try and capture a train from Grafton to Beverly. There are but about 500 men left at Beverly.

I beg leave to add my testimony to the admirable spirit displayed by the people of Rockbridge in coming to my assistance. At 7 p. m. on Thursday, the 6th, the news reached Lexington of this raid. By 7 p. m. the next day 800 men were 12 miles on their march to support me. My thanks are especially due Colonel J. W. Massie, commanding home guards, and General F. H. Smith, commanding cadets, for the energy and zeal they manifested and the skill with which they moved their commands so rapidly through the mountains.

I regret to have to add that of nearly 200 stragglers from Colonel Jackson's-whom I found at Covington and supplied with funds to subsist themselves, and supplied with arms, where they had lost their own, bout of some Virginia State arms I found at Covington-a large number ran off to the woods and mountains as soon as my artillery opened on the enemy, although I had organized them into two companies and ordered them to take part in the fight I then expected would occur. A part remained and were willing to fight, but a large number fled most shamefully before the enemy was nearer than 2 miles of where I left them to await orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. IMBODEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel R. H. CHILTON,

Chief of Staff, Army of Northern Virginia.

