
Prince, and Private Babcock, all of the same troop), and when he was about 150 yards from the vedette, on the new road, to the right of the Pine-Tree, he was halted by a party of 20 rebels. One of this party showing himself at first from behind a log lying on the ground, the lieutenant drew his saber and demanded the surrender of his enemy, which was responded to by a short and the instant appearance of the party spoken of, who commenced firing.

The lieutenant, seeing this party of force, broke through the ambuscade with 2 of his party, not without, however, receiving a pistol-shot through his right breast, just under the right clavicle. One horse was slightly marked on one leg. The fourth one of the party, Corporal Prince, turned back and went to the Red House. Word was sent immediately to these headquarters, when I ordered Lieutenant Frank Myers, H. Troop, to take the place of Lieutenant Pierson; also to take up his troop.

On the firing being heard at the Pine-Tree, the reserve galloped out, but on reaching the vedette spoken of above, and where the lieutenant was then lying, they were ordered to halt by Lieutenant Pierson, and return within him to Pine-Tree. I also sent such parts of K (Lieutenant Lansing) and A Troops (Captain Roche) as were in camp, in all about 60 men, and directed Lieutenant Myers on his arrival at Pine-Tree to telegraph to the colonel commanding the outpost for permission to push out after these bushwhackers. This permission was given, with directions to call upon Captain Cartwright, Ninety-ninth New York Volunteers, on duty at the Red House, for a commanding officer and 20 men. These were sent. On their arrival the woods were thoroughly examined to some distance beyond the gully and nothing found. The delays in moving toward here, in signaling, and the marching of the infantry, all contributed to give the rebels time to escape.

I have since that time increased my reserve at the Pine-Tree 10 men, which, by your permission, I will keep up as long as my force permits. I will send out 20 men, dismounted, to watch in the woods along the road, with orders to secrete themselves, and hope to capture some of those now molesting our lines. This additional duty makes it still more arduous, but there seems to be no help for it. I send these 20 men out just before day, to return just before night.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FLOYD CLARKSON,

Major Twelfth New York Cavalry, Commanding.

Lieutenant A. A. NEAL,

Adjutant 132nd New York Infantry.

NOVEMBER 4-9, 1863.-Expedition up the Chowan River, N. C.

Report of Major General John J. Peck, U. S. Army.

HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA, New Berne, N. C., November 10, 1863.

GENERAL: As I advised you on the 4th, I left in a few hours for Winton, &amp;c., via Plymouth. Through the kind and liberal conduct of Commander Davenport and Captain Flusser, U. S. Navy, I was enabled to convey the transports and cover the operations with the gunboats Miami, Whitehead, and Delaware. My reconnaissance extended up the Chowan to within 2 miles of the mouth of the Blackwater. Your communication advising me of the abandonment of

