
the expedition was received at 9 p. m. near Gatesville Landing, and the vessels left the Chowan on the 9th.

Very respectfully,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

Major General J. G. FOSTER.

NOVEMBER 5-22, 1863.-Mosby's Operations in Virginia.

Report of Major John S. Mosby, commanding Forty-third Virginia Cavalry Battalion.
HDQRS. FORTY-THIRD VIRGINIA CAVALRY BATTALION, November 22, 1863.

GENERAL: Since rendering my report of the 5th instant, we have captured about 75 of the enemy's cavalry, over 100 horses and mules, 6 wagons, a considerable number of arms, equipments, &amp;c.

It would be too tedious to mention in detail the various the performance of a pleasing duty if I failed to bring to your notice the bold onset of Captain Smith, when, with only about 40 men, he dashed into the enemy's camp of 150 cavalry, near Warrenton, killed some 8 or 10, wounded a number, and brought off 9 prisoners, 27 horses, arms, equipments, &c. In various other affairs several of the enemy have been killed and wounded. I have sustained no loss. Captain Chapman and Lieutenant Turner, commanding their respective companies, have rendered efficient services.

Gregg's cavalry division now guards their rear, being distributed along the road leading from Bealeton to Warrenton, and thence to the Sulphur Springs. It is very difficult to do anything on the railroad as they have sentinels stationed all along of each other, in addition to the guards on each train. Rest assured that if there is any chance of effecting anything there, it will be done.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,JNO. S. MOSBY,

Major, Commanding.

Major-General STUART,

Commanding Cavalry Corps.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, November 25,1 863.

Respectfully forwarded.

Major Mosby is ever vigilant,ever active. The importance of his operations is shown by the heavy guard the enemy is obliged to keep to guard the railroad from his attacks. Particular attention is called to the gallant exploit of Captain Smith, late second lieutenant Company H, Fourth Virginia Cavalry. This officer promises to distinguish himself highly as partisan leader.

J. E. B. STUART,Major-General.

DECEMBER 3, 1863.

Noted, with satisfaction and appreciation of the energy and valor displayed.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary.

