
NOVEMBER 7, 1863.-Capture of Union Pickets near Warrenton, Va.

Report of Colonel Langhorne Wister, commanding Second Brigade, Third Division, First Corps.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., FIRST ARMY CORPS, November 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that last night at 8 o'clock notice came to me casually, through Lieutenant Griffin, One hundred and forty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, who was on picket near the Warrenton Railroad, that 7 of his men had been taken prisoners, paroled, and released. I immediately sent out to the line and had the lieutenant and 2 men brought in to my headquarters in arrest, found out the circumstances of the capture, and notified you of the fact. The capture shows gross negligence on the part of both officers and men, and the greatest cowardice on the part of the men. When the capture was made, the men were sitting down apart their arms, without accouterments, making coffee.

LANGHORNE WISTER,Colonel 150th Regiment Pennsylvania Vols., Commanding

Major E. C. BAIRD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOVEMBER 7-8, 1863.-Advance of the Union Forces to the Line of the Rappahannock, Va.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

Nov. 7, 1863.-Engagement at Rappahannock Station.

Action at Kelly's Ford.

8, 1863.-Skirmish at Warrenton, or Sulphur, Springs.

Skirmish near Jeffersonton.

Skirmish at Rixeyville.

Skirmish at Muddy Run, near Culpeper Court-House.

Skirmish at Brandy Station.

Skirmish at Stevensburg.

REPORTS.*

Numbers 1.-Major General William H. French, U. S. Army, commanding Left Column, of action at Kelly's Ford, with congratulatory orders.

Numbers 2.-Returns of Casualties in the Union forces.

Numbers 3.-Brigadier General William H. Morris, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, Third Division, Third Army Corps, of action at Kelly's Ford and skirmish at Brandy Station.

Nol. 4.-Colonel J. Warren Keifer, One hundred and tenth Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of action at Kelly's Ford and skirmish at Brandy Station.

Numbers 5.-Colonel John W. Horn, Sixth Maryland Infantry, of action at Kelly's Ford and skirmish at Brandy Station.

Numbers 6.-Colonel Benjamin F. Smith, One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio Infantry, commanding Third Bridge, of action at Kelly's Ford and skirmish at Brandy Station.

---------------

*See general reports, p. 7.

---------------

