
Numbers 34.-Brigadier General Albion P. Howe, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of engagement at Rappahannock Station.

Numbers 35.-Major Charles P. Dudley, Fifth Vermont Infantry, of engagement at Rappahannock Station.

Numbers 36.-Brigadier General Thomas H. Neill, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of engagement at Rappahannock Station.

Numbers 37.-Brigadier General Henry D. Terry, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of engagement at Rappahannock Station.

Numbers 38.-Brigadier General Alexander Shaler, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of engagement at Rappahannock Station.

Numbers 39.-Colonel Charles H. Tompkins, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, commanding Artillery Brigade, of engagement at Rappahannock Station.

Numbers 40.-Captain Elijah D. Taft, Fifth New York Battery, commanding Second Volunteer Brigade, Artillery Reserve, of engagement at Rappahannock Station and action at Kelly's Ford.

Numbers 41.-General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army, commanding Army of Northern Virginia, of engagement at Rappahannock Station and action at Kelly's Ford.

Numbers 42.-Return of Casualties in the Confederate forces, October 26-November 8.

Numbers 43.-Lieutenant General Richard S. Ewell, C. S. Army, commanding Second Corps, of engagement at Rappahannock Station.

Numbers 44.-Major General Jubal A. Early, C. S. Army, commanding division, of engagement at Rappahannock Station.

Numbers 45.-Brigadier General Harry T. Hays, C. S. Army, commanding brigades, of engagement at Rappahannock Station.

Numbers 46.-Lieutenant Colonel Samuel McD. Tate, Sixth North Carolina Infantry, of engagement at Rappahannock Station.

Numbers 47.-Major General Robert E. Rodes, C. S. Army, commanding division, of action at Kelly's Ford.

Numbers 48.-Captain William J. Dance, First Virginia Artillery, including operations since October 8.

Numbers 49.-Captain James McDowell Carrington, Charlottesville Artillery, commanding Jones' battalion.

Numbers 50.-Captain John L. Massie, Fluvanna Artillery, of action at Kelly's Ford.

Numbers 51.-Major General Cadmus M. Wilcox, C. S. Army, commanding division, Third Corps.

Numbers 1. Reports of Major General William H. French, U. S. Army, commanding Left Column, of action at Kelly's Ford, with congratulatory orders.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS, November 11, 1863.

GENERAL: The telegrams of the major-general commanding to Major-General Halleck, based upon harried information, makes it proper forme to state the following, taken from memoranda made on the field:

The head of my column arrived at Mount Holly Church at 12 m. on the 7th. The enemy had a small picket on this side, which retired. At 12.15 a brigade of infantry came out of the woods on the left of the ford on the opposite side, and, facing to the right, rushed at double-quick for the intrenchments on the river bank. A cross fire of artillery was brought to bear on them, when they also opened with artillery.

