
Upon this I directed the forcing column to push through the ford at 1.30. Before 2 o'clock the leading division held the opposite bank; the enemy were in full flight in open view. There were over 300 prisoners left in our hands, and we buried 40 dead.

The enemy being heavily re-enforced on the Stevensburg and Brandy roads, and having secured the laying of the brigades, which occupied until near night, the Third Corps passed over.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. FRENCH,

Major-General.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS, November 11, 1863.

GENERAL; The inclosed sketch* of the positions at Kelly's Ford, taken by actual survey, will give a clear idea of what a rapid march did.

Very respectfully,WM. H. FRENCH,

Major-General of Volunteers.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff.

MILLER'S HILL, NEAR BRANDY STATION, November 13, 1863.

MY DEAR GENERAL; I inclose you a reliable sketch* of the positions at Kelly's Ford, and as a reference add that the head of my column was at Mount Holly Church at 12 m., 7th instant, having marched from Licking Run, via Morrisville, a distance of 17 miles, starting at 5 a. m.

The enemy were on the south side and taken by surprise. They re-enforced their rifle-pits at 12.15. My batteries opened fire at 12.30. A brigade effected a lodgment on the opposite side at 1.30, capturing the prisoners in the front rifle-pits and village, and at 3.30 a division was crossed, and then the bridges were commenced to be laid. The passed over on the bridge, the Third Corps the same evening, the others early the next morning.

My head of column was at Brandy Station at 12.30 p. m., 8th instant.

Very truly, yours,

WM. H. FRENCH,

Major-General of Volunteers.

[Major General H. W. HALLECK.]

P. S.-The terrific fire of my batteries ran down to the river bank (old style) and the 4 1\2-inch paralyzed the enemy. There were 40 of their dead buried by one division.

---------------

*See page 557.

---------------

