
Return of Casualties in the Union forces at Kelly's Ford, Va.-Continued.

Killed Wounded

Command.	 Officers	 Enlisted	 Officers	 Enlisted

 	 men	 	 men

Third

Brigade

Colonel

P. REGIS

DE

TROBRIAND.

17th Maine	 --	 --	 --	 1

5th	 --	 --	 --	 1

Michigan

40th New	 --	 --	 --	 4

York

1st U. S.	 --	 3	 1	 9

Sharpshoot

ers

Total	 --	 3	 1	 15

Third

Brigade

Total	 --	 5	 3	 31

First

Division

ARTILLERY

1st Rhode	 --	 1	 --	 2

Island

Light,

Battery E

Total	 --	 6	 3	 33

Third Army

Corps

Captured or missing.

Command.	 Officers	 Enlisted	 Aggregate

 	 men

Third Brigade

Colonel P. REGIS DE

TROBRIAND.

17th Maine	 --	 --	 1

5th Michigan	 --	 --	 1

40th New York	 --	 --	 4

1st U. S.	 --	 --	 13

Sharpshooters

Total Third Brigade	 --	 --	 19

Total First Division	 --	 --	 39

ARTILLERY

1st Rhode Island	 --	 --	 3

Light, Battery E

Total Third Army	 --	 --	 42

Corps

Offer mortally wounded.-Captain Timothy L. Maynard, Sixty-Third Pennsylvania Infantry.

Numbers 3. Report of Brigadier General William H. Morris, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, Third Division, Third Army Corps, of action at Kelly's Ford, and skirmish at Brandy Station.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., THIRD ARMY CORPS, November 11, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In accordance with circular from division headquarters of November 10, 1863, I have the honor to submit the following report:

The brigade broke camp near Warrenton Junction, Va., at about 7 o'clock on the morning of the 7th instant, and marching through Morrisville, arrived at Kelly's Ford at 1.30 p. m. At 1.45 p. m. orders were received from General Carr, through Captain Damon, to move to the left of the ford and support the heavy gun battery, the First Connecticut. At 3 p. m. orders were received from General Carr in person to move the brigade to the river, and picket from the left of the line of the First Division about 1 mile down the river. It remained there until 6.30 p. m., when, in accordance with orders from General Carr through Lieutenant Jones, the pickets were withdrawn, and leaving one regiment, the One hundred and fifty-first New York Volunteers, to support the First Connecticut battery, the remainder of the brigade moved across the river and bivouacked near the ford.

At 7.30 on the following morning, November 8, the One hundred and fifty-first New York Volunteers having rejoined the brigade, it moved to within about 1 mile of Brandy Station, where it marched in column of regiments with instructions to support Colonel Keifer, who advanced and drove the enemy from the field about 1 mile in our front.

36 R R-VOL XXIX, PT I

