
It afterward moved forward until it arrived at Brandy Station, and after remaining there a short time, moved into the woods about half a mile to the south, where it bivouacked. It remained in that place in that position until about 5.30 p. m., November 9, when it moved to the other side of the railroad near the station and there went into camp, where it now remains.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. MORRIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant J. JOHNSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 4. Report of Colonel J. Warren Keifer, One hundred and tenth Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of action at Kelly's Ford and skirmish at Brandy Station.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., THIRD ARMY CORPS, Camp at Brandy Station, Va., November 10, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report, in compliance with circular orders of this date, from headquarters Third Division, Third Army Corps, the following movements and operations of my command since leaving our camp 4 miles south of Warrenton Junction, Va.:

My brigade is composed of the Sixth Maryland, One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania, and One hundred and twenty-second and One hundred and tenth Ohio Infantry Regiments, commanded, respectively, by Cols. John W. Horn, M. R. McClennan, William H. Ball, and Lieutenant Colonel W. N. Foster.

On the night of the 6th instant, at 11.30 o'clock, I received a written order from division headquarters to report with my brigade at division headquarters at daylight on the 7th instant in readiness to march, the men to have eight days' rations on their persons. I reported in accordance with the order. At 8 a. m. my brigade moved in the rear of the First Brigade of the Third Division toward Kelly's Ford, over the Rappahannock River, arriving at that place at about 1 p. m.

The brigade was massed near a brick church about one-third of a mile from Kelly's Ford, as directed by a verbal order from division headquarters. About 2.30 p. m. we changed position to the heights to the left of the ford, as directed by a similar order from division headquarters. I received orders from division headquarters to cross the Rappahannock about 5 p. m. After some temporary delay at the pontoon bridge, I crossed the river and bivouacked the troops in line of battle by battalions in mass in the rear of the Third Brigade, facing in a southerly direction. The brigade was put in position under the direction of General Carr, commanding Third Division. Two hundred men were detailed by me from the Sixth Maryland Infantry, under the command of Major J. C. Hill, of the same regiment, for picket duty, as directed by verbal orders from division headquarters. I personally assisted in positing the pickets in front of the Third Division, Third Corps, causing them to connect with pickets of the First and Second Divisions of the Third Corps on the right and left. A circular order was received from

