
division headquarters to have the men under arms at daylight and in readiness to march.

At 4 a. m., November 8, a verbal order was received to detail two regiments immediately to make a reconnaissance to the front. Accordingly the One hundred and twenty-second and One hundred and tenth Ohio Infantry were detailed, and under the command of Colonel William H. Ball, One hundred and twenty-second Ohio Infantry, proceeded to make the reconnaissance, taking with them one company of the Sixth Maryland Infantry that had been on picket. The reconnaissance advanced about 1 1\2 miles, discovering the enemy in no force. At the late camp of the enemy, 3 officers and 25 enlisted men were captured.

My brigade was then ordered to take the advance of the division and corps, which was the advance of the army. The march was disposed in order of battle, to advance and drive the enemy from a hill which he occupied in some force, with artillery in position. The brigade was formed with the Sixth Maryland Infantry upon the right, One hundred and tenth Ohio Infantry upon the right of the railroad and in the center, the One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry upon the left, supported by the One hundred and twenty-second Ohio Infantry. Upon the right of the railroad, in front of the One hundred and tenth Ohio and Sixth Maryland Infantry Regiments, skirmishers were advanced from each regiment. The One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry was ordered to deploy to the left of the railroad as soon as an advance was ordered.

The One hundred and twenty-second Ohio was ordered to closely support the One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania. An order was received from division headquarters to advance two companies from the One hundred and tenth Ohio, commanded by Lieutenant Fox, and one company from the One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania, commanded by Captain Fisher, were advanced. An order was received from division headquarters to move forward two regiments of my brigade. Accordingly, the One hundred and tenth Ohio and One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry were ordered forward. The One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania soon came under the enemy's artillery fire. The skirmish named, and the hill was soon carried.

Captain Lazarus C. Andress, One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry, fell mortally wounded. Orderly Sergt. A. G. Rapp, Company H, One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry, lost his left arm and was otherwise slightly wounded. Five other members of this regiment received slight but not dangerous wounds.

As soon as the hill was gained I ordered the skirmishers and the two regiments that were in the advance to pursue the enemy. The pursuit was continued with constant skirmishing until the enemy was driven past Brandy Station, at which place the troops were ordered to halt by an order from Brigadier-General Carr. The

