
enemy placed artillery in position and shelled my brigade, wounding two men slightly in the One hundred and twenty-second Ohio Infantry. The brigade bivouacked near Brandy Station until this morning, when orders were received for it to go into camp at the station, in which position it still remains.

Officers and men were prompt in obeying orders. The manner in which they performed the services required of them fully warrants me in saying that when more important and dangerous duties are assigned to them, they will willingly and cheerfully discharge them. Special commendation is due Colonel McClennan and his regiment for their splendid conduct on the 8th instant. The regiment was on that day for the first time under fire. Captain Andress, who fell mortally wounded, was a brave and accomplished soldier. His loss is deeply regretted by all who knew him.

Surg. C. P. Harrington, chief surgeon of the brigade, also Lieutenants Hathaway, Black, and Yarger, members of my staff, each cheerfully performed his duty, and all proved themselves competent and skillful officers.

I beg most respectfully to represent that the eight days' rations required to be carried upon the person of the soldiers prevented rapid movements, essential to the accomplishment of important ends in engaging or pursuing the enemy.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. WARREN KEIFER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant J. JOHNSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 5. Report of Colonel John W. Horn, Sixth Maryland Infantry, of action at Kelly's Ford and skirmish at Brandy Station.

HDQRS. SIXTH MARYLAND VOLUNTEERS INFANTRY, November 11, 1863.

GENERAL: In compliance with orders from brigade headquarters, I would report that on the morning of November 7 we left camp near Bealeton Station, and marched for Kelly's Ford, on the Rappahannock, which we crossed about dark.

After getting into camp, Major Hill and 200 men of my command were ordered on picket, and before day on the morning of the 8th said detail was ordered to advance for the purpose of observation, which they did,several prisoners falling into their hands.

I, with the remainder of the command, led the advance of our brigade for this place, with nothing of note taking place until we struck the railroad, when we came upon the enemy's pickets. I at once, by order, deployed a portion of my command as skirmishers, the enemy retiring before us. I received orders to take the woods in front of me, and a moment after was ordered to remain and hold the enemy where they were. I then received orders to move forward and join my brigade at Brandy Station, which I did.

While on the line and previous to moving, a private of the Fifteenth Virginia Infantry came on the line and was sent to the rear.

