
At sundown we marched into the woods on the left of the railroad, where we remained over night and all the following day, the 9th instant. On the morning of the 10th, moved to our present encampment.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOHN W. HORN,

Colonel Sixth Maryland Volunteers.

Lieutenant HATHAWAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 6. Report of Colonel Benjamin F. Smith, One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of action at Kelly's Ford and skirmish at Brandy Station.

HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., THIRD ARMY CORPS, November 10, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with circular from headquarters Third Division, Third Army Corps, dated this day, I have respectfully to report the movements and operations of the Third Brigade, Third Division, Third Army Corps, from the commencement of the march from Warrenton Junction to the present time, embodying the purport of all orders and instructions, written and verbal, from headquarters Third Division, Third Army Corps.

This brigade left camp near Warrenton Junction, Va., at 6 a. m., November 7, 1863, and marched with the remainder of the corps to Kelly's Ford, on the Rappahannock River, where they arrived at 1.30 o'clock same day, and took positio to sustain the First Division, Third Army Corps, while driving the enemy from his position at the ford. The First Division having done this, the Third Division crossed the river soon after sunset. This brigade bivouacked in line of battle a few hundred yards from the position of the enemy. At 12 m. received circular from headquarters of the corps directing that the Third Division move at daylight and take the hill directly in our front, supposed to be occupied by the enemy.

At 4 a. m., 8th instant, I accordingly received verbal orders from the commanding general of the division to advance at daylight with my brigade, and take and hold that portion of the hill immediately in front of my position. Soon after receiving instructions it was ascertained that the enemy had retreated during the night, rendering the movements ordered unnecessary.

At 8 a. m. to corps marched to a point on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, about 2 miles from Brandy Station, where the enemy was again met. The Second Brigade of the division skirmished with the enemy, sustained by the other two brigades. The enemy retreated as the division advanced. Two of my regiments marched in line of battle en echelon, in accordance with verbal orders from the general commanding division. The two remaining regiments marched in column, closed in mass in rear. The brigade did not become directly engaged during the day, although within range of the enemy's shell, some of which exploded near the brigade without injury to any one.

At night the brigade bivouacked in the woods about one-half a mile from Brandy Station, and there remained during the next

