
day. November 9, at 6.30 p. m., received verbal orders from division headquarters to march immediately, but after commencing the movement the order was countermanded from division headquarters, and brigade returned to same bivouac. Next morning, 10th instant, marched to present camp, at Brandy Station.

During the movements described, there have been no casualties in the brigade. No stragglers known.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant J. JOHNSON

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 7. Report of Captain George E. Randolph, commanding Artillery Brigade, of action at Kelly's Ford and skirmish at Brandy Station.

HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, THIRD ARMY CORPS, November 11, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor respectfully to submit the following report of the operations of the artillery of this corps during the recent movement:

The batteries marched in the usual order on the morning of the 7th instant from their camps near Licking Run to Kelly's Ford, reaching the latter place shortly after noon. Almost immediately [after] the head of column reached Mount Holly Church, I placed Sleeper's (Tenth Massachusetts) battery (3-inch guns) in position on the heights close to the Rappahannock and half a mile south of the ford. I placed Captain Pratt's battery of 4 1\2-inch Rodman guns in battery on the road from Mount Holly Church to the ford, about a quarter of a mile from the church on the south side of March Run, covering the ford, and, from the long range of the pieces, commanding the heights behind Kellysville on the south side of the Rappahannock.

Battery E, First Rhode Island (light 12-pounders), commanded by Lieutenant Bucklyn, followed De Trobriand's brigade to the bluff on the north side of Marsh Run overlooking Kellysville, taking position in the angle formed by the river and a deep cutting, which, according to Captain Paine's map of December, 1862, runs from Wheatley's Mill to mouth of Marsh Run.

I placed Winslow's battery (D, First New York) in reserve, near Captain Pratt's position, with orders to engage any battery the enemy might open from the wooded hill to the left of Sleeper's position, on the south side of the Rappahannock.

I placed McKnight's battery (Twelfth New York), Lieutenant Dauchy commanding, and Robinson's Fourth Maine, in rear and on the right of the position of Battery E, First Rhode Island, to protect the latter, should the enemy place batteries on the heights on the road from Wheatley's Mill toward Brandy Station, and attempt to dislodge it.

The other batteries of the corps, viz, Clark's light 12-pounders, Roders' (K, Fourth United States) light 12-pounders, and Edgell's (First New Hampshire) 3-inch, were held in reserve in rear of the hill on which were Robinson's and McKnight's.

