
efforts we forced it to charge position several times and finally to withdraw. When our troops attempted to cross the river the enemy, concealed in rifle-pits on the opposite bank, opened a brisk upon them. I threw in a few rounds of canister, under cover of which our troops crossed and captured some prisoners. I am sorry to learn that of my canister killed one of our sharpshooters, but they were so nearly between me and the enemy, the accident could not have been avoided.

I used 181 rounds of ammunition. I found my fuses very unreliable; some shell did not burst at all, while others burst soon after leaving the gun. I could place no dependence upon them.

Private Albert N. Colwell was killed. Corpl. Edward A. Chandler and Private Martin Harvey were wounded by the premature discharge of a piece.

My officers and men, as usual, did their duty promptly, obeying my orders and those of my superiors.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. K. BUCKLYN,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Battery.

First Lieutenant P. S. JASTRAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 9. Report of Captain A. Judson Clark, Battery B, First New Jersey Light Artillery, of action at Kelly's Ford and skirmish at Brandy Station.
HDQRS. BATTERY B, FIRST NEW JERSEY ARTILLERY, November 14, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this battery in the recent movement:

At 8.30 a. m., November 7, by order of Captain Randolph, chief of artillery, Third Corps, I broke camp and took up the line of march for Kelly's Ford, reaching the bank of the river about 4 p. m. The battery at this time was in the reserve of the corps. About 4.30. p. m. you brought me orders to cross the river and report to General Ward, commanding First Division. I did so, and upon reporting to General Ward was directed to place the battery near the shore in Kellysville, and hold myself in readiness for any movement. I remained in this position till dusk, when, by direction of Captain Randolph, I moved my battery to the left of the village at the foot of the hill. Here it remained all night.

At 7 o'clock next morning, I was ordered to follow the leading brigade of the First Division on the march to Brandy Station. When the troops halted near the railroad my battery was placed in position on the hill near by, and to the right of the road the troops were then on. In the afternoon, however, the troops again moved on toward the station. Upon reaching that place I was ordered by Captain Randolph to go into camp for the night. On Tuesday (the second day following), the battery was ordered to the present camp.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,A. JUDSON CLARK,

Captain, First New Jersey Artillery, Commanding Battery B.

Lieutenant P. S. JASTRAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

