
Numbers 10. Report of Captain George B. Winslow, Battery D, First New York Light Artillery, of action at Kelly's Ford and skirmish at Brandy Station.
HDQRS. BATTERY D, FIRST NEW YORK ARTILLERY, Camp near Brandy Station, Va., November 12, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 7th instant my battery marched with the Third Division from Germantown in the direction of Kelly's Ford, reaching the latter place about 2 p. m., at which time the First Division were skirmishing with the enemy. My battery was posted, under cover, near Sleepers' battery, to support him in necessary. The necessary did not occur.

At dusk crossed the river in rear of Third Division, and took position on crest of hill, in line with Second and Third Divisions. On the following morning, marched with the leading division (Third) to the railroad, a mile or two north of Bandy Station, reaching that point early in forenoon. The enemy were discovered in our immediate front and skirmishers were thrown out, the balance of division halting. My battery was soon after moved a mile or more to the rear. In the afternoon I was again ordered to the front to support the advance of the Brandy Station. Did not succeed in getting within range of the enemy. At dusk bivouacked near latter place.

I have no casualties to report.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,GEORGE B. WINSLOW,

Captain, Commanding Battery D, First New York Artillery.

Captain GEORGE E. RANDOLPH,

Chief of Artillery, Third Corps.

Report of Lieutenant John W. Roder, Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS BATTERY K, FOURTH ARTILLERY, Camp Near Brandy Station, Va., November 11, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the participation of Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery, in the late movement of this army.

On the 7th of November, pursuant to instructions received from headquarters artillery Third Corps, I marched with the Second Division, Third Corps, in the direction of Kelly's Ford, Va., which I crossed in the evening of the same day. The march was continued, on the 8th instant, to Brandy Station, Va.

I have no casualties to report, as the battery was not in action during the march.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. W. RODER,

Second Lieutenant Fourth U. S. Artillery, Commanding Battery K.

[Lieutenant P. S. JASTRAM,]

Adjt., Arty. Brigadier Third Corps, Army of the Potomac.

