
Numbers 12. Report of Lieutenant George K. Dauchy, Twelfth New York Battery, of action at Kelly's Ford.

TWELFTH NEW YORK BATTERY, ARTILLERY BRIGADE, THIRD ARMY CORPS, --, [1863].

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 7th of November, pursuant to orders, the Twelfth New York battery left camp near Warrenton Junction, at 7 a. m., marching in the advance of the reserve artillery of the corps, in rear of the Second Division, Third Army Corps. I arrived in the vicinity of Kelly's Ford, on the Rappahannock River, about 3 p. m., and was immediately placed in position, by the chief of artillery, on a hill on the right of the line covering our line of skirmishers in the field, on the right bank of the river, and Battery E, First Rhode Island Artillery (Lieutenant Bucklyn commanding), which was in position nearer the river on the left bank. My position was distant about 1,400 yards from the enemy's line of skirmishers occupying the line of woods beyond the open fields on the right bank or the river. I fired eight percussion shells into the woods occupied by the enemy.

About an our before sundown I was ordered to cross the river and report to General Wad, who ordered me to remain in the village "for the present." About sundown I was ordered by the chief of artillery to place the battery in position on the right of the line beyond the village in rear of the line of skirmishers, which I did, supported by the Third Maine Infantry.

On the morning of the 8th, the rebels having left during the night, we were ordered to march, my place being in the reserve artillery of the corps, following Captain Robinson (Fourth Maine Battery). About noon the corps halted, and part of it was placed in line of battle. I was parked in the rear. After noon we marched to Brandy Station and encamped, no enemy being in sight, but some firing at a distance in front.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

GEO. K. DAUCHY,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Twelfth New York Battery.

Captain GEORGE E. RANDOLPH,

Chief of Artillery, Third Army Corps.

Numbers 13. Report of Captain O'Neil W. Robinson, jr., Fourth Maine Battery.

HEADQUARTERS FOURTH BATTERY, MAINE VOLUNTEERS, Camp near Brandy Station, Va., November 11, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the operations of the Fourth Battery, Maine Volunteers, during the march from camp near Catlett's Station to present position, as follows:

November 7th, instant, 7 a. m., broke camp and marched with the Artillery Reserve of the Third Corps for Kelly's Ford by the way of Morrisville. At 4.30 p. m. arrived at the ford, and was placed in position on the left of the ford by Captain Randolph, chief of artillery Third Corps. At 8 p. m. crossed on pontoon bridge and camped on the right bank of the Rappahannock.

