
November 8, marched with artillery reserve, following First Division, Third Corps. At 11 a. m. ordered to report to General Prince, commanding Second Division, Third Corps, and marched with Second Division, and camped at Brandy Station.

November 9, 3 p. m., marched with Second Division toward Pony Mountain, and returned and camped about 300 yards west of camp of the 8th instant. November 10, 11 a. m., ordered into present position by Captain Randolph, chief of artillery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O'NEIL W. ROBINSON, JR.,

Captain, Commanding.

Lieutenant P. S. JASTRAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 14. Report of Captain J. Henry Sleeper, Tenth Massachusetts Battery, of action at Kelly's Ford.
HDQRS. TENTH MASSACHUSETTS BATTERY, ARTILLERY BRIGADE, THIRD CORPS, Brandy Station, November 11, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to forward, agreeably to circular received this day, a report of the movements of my command from November 6 to 11, 1863.

On the evening of Friday, the 6th of November, I received a circular form artillery headquarters in which I was directed to report to General Ward, commanding First Division, at daylight on the 7th. I reported at 6 a. m. the morning of the 7th, and by order of General Ward sent Lieutenant Granger with his section to move in rear of the leading company, the rest of the battery following in rear of the leading regiment.

We arrived at Kelly's Ford shortly past noon, when we were put into position on the left of the ford by the chief of artillery of the corps. From this position I shelled the brick houses at the ford in which the enemy's sharpshooters were, and engaged a battery of the enemy in a redoubt directly in my front. Battery E, First Rhode Island Artillery, on my right, had a complete enfilading fire on this work and enabled us soon to silence it.

The troops of General Ward having crossed, I held in check a brigade of the enemy's infantry who three times made their appearance in front, and as often fell back to the edge of the woods. Directly after, I received an order through Lieutenant Fairchild to cease firing.

I expended 459 rounds of ammunition. No casualties either of men or horses.

Crossed the river at dusk and went into camp on the other side, where we remained all night. On the morning of the 8th, marched in rear of the column, arriving at Brandy Station about half past 4 p. m. Went into camp on the left of the railroad nd remained there until the 10th, when we moved across the railroad, where we are at present encamped.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. HENRY SLEEPER,

Captain, Commanding Tenth Massachusetts Battery.

Lieutenant P. S. JASTRAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

