
Numbers 15. Report of Captain Frederick M. Edgell, First New Hampshire Battery, of skirmish at Brandy Station.

BRANDY STATION, VA., November 10, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following account of the operations of the First New Hampshire Battery since the 6th instant:

My battery marched with the reserve batteries of the Third Corps, on the morning of the 7th. Crossed the river at Kelly's Ford at dark the same day and took position with the Second Division, reporting to General Prince. On the morning of the 8th, reported to General Carr, Third Division, and marched with his advanced brigade, arriving at the railroad at 10 a. m. About noon the enemy were found posted with artillery on a ridge east of the railroad and about a mile north of Brandy Station. One section immediately occupied the position, but finding the enemy out of range, pushed on and took position in the edge of the wood to the left of and near Brandy Station. The enemy now opened, with two 20-pounders and two smaller guns, at about 1,800 yards distance, to which we replied, and they again retired. My remaining section now came up and took position to the right of the railroad, and fired a few shots at bodies of the enemy's cavalry, but with what effect is not known. This closed the operations for the day.

My battery expended in the whole affair 56 rounds of percussion and time shell, but a strong wind blowing across the line of fire much impaired its accuracy.

I have no casualties to report.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. M. EDGELL,

Captain First New Hampshire Battery.

Captain GEORGE E. RANDOLPH,

Chief of Artillery, Third Corps.

Numbers 16. Report of Captain Franklin A. Pratt, Battery M, First Connecticut Heavy Artillery, of action at Kelly's Ford.

KELLY'S FORD, VA., November 12, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my battery in the action of the 7th instant at Kelly's Ford:

In compliance with orders from headquarters Army of the Potomac, the battery moved from the camp of the Artillery Reserve, near Catlett's Station, at 4 a. m. of the 7th instant, reporting at the headquarters of General French, near Germantown, at daybreak, from which place it moved at the rear of the First Division, Third

