
Corps, by way of Morrisville, to Mount Holly Church. When near the latter place I was ordered to move at once to a position on the road about 500 yards to the left of the church, and 1,500 yards from Kelly's Ford, which it commanded with the plains beyond. As I came up there was a scattering musketry fire at the ford, and the enemy were throwing forward infantry from the woods into the rifle-pits and buildings on the opposite bank. Being directed by General Birney to "open on them as soon as possible," the battery was soon in position, and the second to open fire.

The enemy being under cover, General Birney directed me to fire on the brick store in which their riflemen were sheltered. My first shot struck the building between the second-story windows, passed through the roof of the one intended. My fire was then directed at a battery of brass pieces the enemy were using on our infantry from the edge of the woods, distant from me about 2,500 yards. They effected, the enemy advanced a line of infantry from the edge of the woods to oppose the advance of our forces. I threw three shells at them that apparently struck their line, which broke in much confusion, so much of it as was not covered by rising ground.

The ammunition used was Schenkle percussion shell. I expended but 15 rounds, but its effectiveness was very evident. They carried with great precision, few failing to explode.

In closing the report I have to express my belief that the merit of the 4 1\2-inch rifle for field service is not properly considered, and that if more generally into action, they would add much good to the result.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. A. PRATT,

Captain, First Regiment Conn. Arty., Commanding Siege Battery M.

P. S. JASTRAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 17. Report of Major General John Sedqwick, U. S. Army, commanding Right Column, of engagement at Rappahannock Station, with congratulatory orders.

HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, January 3, 1863.

GENERAL: I respectfully submit the following report of the operations of the Right Column of the Army of the Potomac, on the 7th of November ultimo, at Rappahannock Station:

In compliance with the order of the general commanding, the Fifth Corps (Major-General Sykes) and the Sixth Corps (Brigadier-General Wright) took the positions assigned them on the left and right of the railroad near the enemy's intrenched position at Rappahannock Station, and at 3 p. m. pushed forward their skirmishers to the river bank on the left and right of the general line. The enemy's skirmishers were driven to their rifle-pits. These extended from the railroad a distance of 1,000 yards up the river upon a slope

