
The taking of the heights on the right by Neill's and Shaler's brigades of the Sixth Corps, under Brigadier-General Howe, to obtain position for the batteries, was admirably accomplished.

The assault of the storming party, under General Russell, conducted over rough ground in the full fire of the works, could not be surpassed in steadiness and gallantry. The brigades of Colonel Ellmaker and Colonel Upton, and the troops of the Fifth Corps which participated in the assault, have nobly earned the admiration and gratitude of their comrades and commanders.

The Sixth Maine and Fifth Wisconsin Volunteers, for carrying the redoubts; the One hundred and twenty-first New York, Fifth Maine, and Forty-ninth and One hundred and nineteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, for taking the line of rifle-pits with the bayonet and seizing the enemy's bridge, deserve especial honor.

By command of Major-General Sedgwick:

M. T. McMAHON,

Chief of Staff, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 101. November 9, 1863.

The commanding general congratulates the army upon the recent successful passage of the Rappahannock in the face of the enemy, compelling him to withdraw to his intrenchments behind the Rappahannock.

To Major-General Sedgwick and the officers and men of the Sixth and Fifth Corps participating in the attack--particularly to the storming party under Brigadier-General Russell--his thanks are due for the gallantry displayed in the assault on the enemy's intrenched position at Rappahannock Station, resulting in the capture of 4 guns, position at Rappahannock Station, resulting in the capture of 4 guns, 2,000 small-arms, 8 battle-flags, 1 bridge train, and 1,600 prisoners,

To Major-General French and the officers and men of the Third Corps engaged-particularly to the leading column, commanded by Colonel De Trobriand-his thanks are due for the gallantry displayed in the crossing at Kelly's Ford and the seizure of the enemy's intrenchments, and the capture of over 400 prisoners.

The commanding general takes great pleasure in announcing to the army that the President has expressed his satisfaction with its recent operations.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 18. Report of Major General George Sykes, U. S. Army, commanding Fifth Army Corps, of engagement at Rappahannock Station.

CAMP AT PAOLI MILLS, VA., November 11, 1863.

SIR: The position assigned the Fifth Corps in the circular from headquarters Army of the Potomac, of the 6th instant, was reached and taken by 11 a. m. on the 7th. My skirmishers, numbering 900 men and officers, under General K. Garrard, were at once thrown to the front, covered the corps, and relieved the cavalry vedettes on the

