
Numbers 7. Report of Major R. Augustus Bailey, Twenty-second Virginia Infantry.

AUGUST 29, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Twenty-second Virginia Regiment in the action of August 26 and 27, near the White Sulphur Springs:

In obedience to an order from Colonel George S. Patton, commanding the Confederate forces, the Twenty-second Regiment, consisting of nine companies (Company K, being stationed at the Narrows of New river) was formed in line of battle to support and immediately in front of Chapman's battery, with orders to hold the position at all hazards, this being the center of the Confederate lines. The strength of the regiment actually in the fight was about 500, aggregate.

Soon after forming, the following companies, i. e., Companies A, B, E, G, and H, were detached by Lieutenant-Colonel Barbee, and deployed as skirmishers on a ridge about 1,000 yards in front of and stretching some distance to the left of the four remaining companies under my charge. The skirmishing companies soon became hotly engaged, holding their ground for some time, stubbornly resisting and beating back the enemy until, being attacked by a much superior force, they were compelled to fall back on the line. In making this movement Companies H, E, G, B, and a portion of Company A, all under the command of Lieutenant Colonel A. R. Barbee, took position on the extreme left of the line, with Colonel Derrick. The other portion of Company A fell back to the companies under my command. Of the further action of the four above-mentioned companies I am unable to speak, as they were not ordered up to my line till the fight was over.

About this time Lieutenant-General Barbee was wounded, when the command of the regiment devolved upon me. The four companies and the half of the fifth under my charge went into the fight with the following numbers: Company A, 30 privates and 3 commissioned officers (during the night the remainder of this company was brought up), Company c, 45 privates and non-commissioned officers and 1 commissioned officer; Company D, 44 privates and non-commissioned officers and 3 commissioned officers, and Company G, 35 privates and non-commissioned officer and 4 commissioned officers.

The position assigned my command - an open field, without any protection save such as was afforded by a low rail fence - was much exposed during the entire fight to a heavy fire of musketry and the frequent discharge of grape, shell, and canister, which the enemy threw with great accuracy, in consequence of which we lost heavily the first day.

Notwithstanding the great disadvantages under which they labored, the officers and men acted most nobly, repelling the oft-repeated and daring attempts of the enemy to dislodge them. The commanders of companies and their subaltern officer are entitled to much praise for their coolness under fire and the tenacity with which they held their ground.

The enemy, having signally failed with artillery in all their attempts to drive my command back, brought one regiment up in front, with one more as a support, and commenced a spirited and

