
farther, under serve and constantly increasing fire from the batteries on our front.

At this time, discovering that the regiment occupying the right of my line, which was the "battalion of direction," had halted without my orders, I rode to that point, and was informed by the regimental commander, Captain Sharwood, also by Captain Davis, assistant adjutant-general, that Major-General Sykes, commanding the corps, had ordered it to halt and obtain cover under a sheltering hill. I then halted the remained of the line, directing the Twenty-second Massachusetts Volunteers to move into the woods on the left and the other two regiments under the railroad bank. I then dispatched a staff officer to General Bartlett, commanding division, to inform him of what I had done. The command remained halted in this position for some time, when it was moved into the wood on the left, assuming its previous formation, where it bivouacked for the night.

In justice to the officers and men of this command, I must say they in this affair displayed the discipline and courage they have so often evinced upon more important fields. The new men, who had never before been under fire, marched steadily with their veteran comrades.

My thanks are due to the gentlemen of the staff for their efficiency in conveying orders, and in preserving the regularity of the advance.

A tabular and nominal list of casualties has already been forwarded.*

On the morning of the 8th, the brigade moved to a point near Kelly's Ford, where it halted for two hours. It then crossed the river, marching 2 miles beyond, where it bivouacked.

On the night of the 9th, it recrossed the river and encamped near its present position.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HAYES,

Colonel Eighteenth Mass. Vols. Commanding Brigade.

Captain C. B. MERVINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

Numbers 22. Report of Colonel Joshua L. Chamberlain, Twentieth Maine Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of engagement at Rappahannock Station.

HEADQUARTERS, Near Kelly's Ford, Va., November 10, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from headquarters of division, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this command since leaving Three-Mile Station, on the Warrenton Branch Railroad:

Leaving that place early on the morning of the 7th instant, this brigade, with the rest of the division, marched on the road to Rappahannock Station, and within 2 miles of the river halted for about two hours, when we were formed in order of battle, under the direc-

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 558.

---------------

