
tion of Brigadier-General Bartlett, commanding the division, the Third Brigade on the left. My line consisted of the Eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers (Major Lamont) on the right, the Forty-fourth New York Volunteers (Lieutenant-Colonel Conner) on the left, the Sixteenth Michigan Volunteers (Captain Swan) the right center, and the Twentieth Maine (Major Spear) the left center.

Three hundred and fifty men and 13 officers, under command of Captain Woodward, Eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, who had been out as pickets from this brigade, were thrown forward as skirmishers in front of the division. This line was not under my immediate direction, Captain Woodward reporting to Brigadier-General Garrard, general officer of outposts Fifth Corps.

The brigade then advanced in line of battle of battalions in mass, in double column. On coming within range of the enemy's batteries the whole line was halted. By direction of General Bartlett, I deployed my right and left battalions, moving the other two in double column, 200 yards in rear of this deployed line. As the division advanced, a fire was opened on it from the enemy's artillery. My right battalion only was under this deployed line. As the division advanced, a fire was opened on it from the enemy's artillery. My right battalion only was under this fire, and was not inured by it. Ascertaining that no troops connected with us on the left, I had two companies thrown out on that flank to protect it from surprise.

We advanced in this way for about a mile, when the whole line was again halted, and I received the order to throw forward my two deployed regiments this line to within supporting distance of our skirmishers, who were then heavily engaged. As this point was within range of the enemy's musketry, and exposed to their artillery fire, I kept my men concealed as much as their advanced position would permit, and placed my two battalions, which were still in column, as a reserve, 400 yards in the rear. In this formation we remained all night.

The skirmishers of this brigade already referred to, entered the enemy's works simultaneously with the men of the Sixth Corps, and claim to have had some share with those gallant troops in the honors of that day. As, however, a report of this action should more properly come from General Garrard, I make no detailed statement of it.

It may, perhaps, be properly said here, that several of my men fell inside the enemy's works, and that they sent to me 70 prisoners, including 5 officers, captured by them while endeavoring to escape across the river.

The casualties in this brigade on that day were 4 killed and 16 wounded.

The conduct of my officers and men leads me to believe that if we had become more actively engaged, they would have done their duty faithfully and successfully.

On the morning of the 8th, we crossed Kelly's Ford and moved about 2 miles toward the Rapidan, where we remained one day. On the evening of the 9th, we returned to the left bank of the Rappahannock, near Kelly's Ford, where we now remain.

I have the honor to be,very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSHUA L. CHAMBERLAIN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain C. B. MERVINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

