
Numbers 23. Report of Captain Orpheus S. Woodward, Eighty-third Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding pickets First Division, of engagement at Rappahannock Station.

NEAR KELLY'S FORD, VA., November 10, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with circular from headquarters of this date, I have the honor to report the following as the operations of the pickets from the First Division, Fifth Corps, on the 7th instant:

My command consisted of 350 men and 13 officers. My line of skirmishers was formed about 2 miles from the forts at Rappahannock Station, with my right resting on the railroad adjoining that of the Sixth Corps, and extending about 900 yards to the left, perpendicular to the railroad. My line advanced with that of the Sixth Corps, and, when within 250 yards of the forts, halted, my right then extending some 80 yards to the right of the railroad. In this position my main line rested until the charge was made, when the right of my line charged and went into the forts. While the main line was halted I threw forward a few sharpshooters, who succeeded in silencing one gun for at least an hour.

My casualties were as follows: Killed, enlisted men, 6; wounded, enlisted men, 16; wounded, officer, 1; total, 23.

I took 1 adjutant and 4 line officers prisoners, together with 71 enlisted men.

I am not aware that any troops other than my line form the Fifth Corps charged.

I mention with pleasure that both men and officers behaved well.

I remain, your obedient servant,

O. S. WOODWARD,

Captain, Eighty-third Pennsylvania Vols., Commanding Pickets.

[Captain A. S. MARVIN, JR.,]

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier Second Div., Fifth Corps.

Numbers 24. Report of Captain Augustus P. Martin, Battery C, Massachusetts Station, on the afternoon of the 7th instant:

About 4.30 p. m. two batteries, viz, Battery E, Massachusetts Artillery, Captain C. A. Phillips commanding, were placed in position on the left of the railroad and near the left of the line of the First Division, and about 1,500 yards from the enemy's works. The batteries opened fire upon the enemy as soon as they came into position, and continued to engaged him with good effect-many of the shells bursting directly in and over the enemy's works--until

