
dark, when the works were carried by our forces. The enemy replied, but without doing the slightest injury.

Battery E, Massachusetts Artillery, expended during the engagement 110 rounds of case-shot, and Battery D, Fifth U. S. Artillery, expended 100 rounds of ammunition. The batteries lost nothing in men, horses, or materiel.

Captain Phillips and First Lieutenant Rittenhouse, and the officers and men under their command, behaved with great coolness, and are deserving of much credit for the handsome manner in which their batteries were served.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. MARTIN,

Captain, Commanding Artillery Brigade, Fifth Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Corps.

Numbers 25. Report of Brigadier General Horatio G. Wright, U. S. Army, commanding Sixth Army Corps, of engagement at Rappahannock Station.

HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS, Near Culpeper Court-House, Va., December 14, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to present the following report of the operations of the Sixth Corps at the battle of Rappahannock Station, on the 7th ultimo:

In pursuance of orders from Major-General Sedgwick, commanding the right wing of the Army of the Potomac, the corps moved from its camps in the neighborhood of Warrenton at daylight on the morning of the 7th ultimo, and, proceeding by the Fayetteville road, marched upon Rappahannock Station.

The general plan of operations as directed from the headquarters Army of the Potomac, was that the left wing, comprising the Second, Third, and part of the First Corps (Major-General French commanding), was to move on Kelly's Ford, effect a crossing, and, moving up the river, aid the right wing, composed of the Fifth and Sixth Corps (Major-General Sedgwick commanding), in crossing at Rappahannock Station, where it was known that the rebel force held a strong natural position, fortified with much care and labor.

The marched was made, without incident worthy of notice, in the following order:

1. First Division, Brigadier General D. A. Russell commanding.

2. The corps artillery, Colonel Charles H. Tompkins commanding.

3. Second Division, Brigadier General H. D. Terry commanding.

4. Third Division, Brigadier General H. D. Terry, commanding.

The trains, which were under the protection of General Terry's division, turned off before reaching the station, and were parked at Bealeton, under the protection of the cavalry division of General Gregg.

Arriving at a point on the railroad about 1 1\2 miles from the Rappahannock, the corps was formed in two lines of battle, in the order from left to right, of First, Third, and Second Divisions, the First having its left resting on the railroad. The Fifth Corps, Major-

