
Orders were accordingly given to our artillery to keep up a rapid and continuous fire till the attacking force reached the works; and notice was sent to Major-General Sykes of the intended assault, with the request that like orders be given to his artillery, and General Russell was ordered to make the assault with part of the troops of his division, the rest being held ready to re-enforce the storming party.

The darkness, which was fast approaching, was favorable to the attack. The remaining daylight enabled the troops to see what they had to do before reaching the works, while the succeeding darkness would prevent the enemy on the opposite bank from firing where they could not distinguish friend from foe.

The attack, led by Brigadier-General Russell in person, was gallantly made, and its success was perfect, resulting in the capture of two considerable earth-works, a long line of rifle-pits, 4 pieces of artillery, with their limbers and ammunition, 103 officers, and 1,200 enlisted men, 1,225 stand of small-arms, and 8 battle-flags.

To the Fifth Wisconsin and Sixth Maine, of the Third Brigade, First Division, comprising the storming party, belong the honor of carrying the enemy's works;to the Forty-ninth and One hundred and nineteenth Pennsylvania, of the same brigade, that the supporting directly the assaulting column and aiding in holding the works after they were carried, while the Fifth Maine and One hundred and Twenty-first New York subsequently carried the rifle-pits on the right most gallantly, taking large numbers of prisoners, and the Ninety-fifth and Ninety-sixth Pennsylvania rendered essential service, the latter in holding the enemy's pontoon bridge and the former in guarding and carrying off the prisoners captured.

The officers and men of these commands bore themselves most gallantly and are entitled to high honor as soldiers. They have nobly illustrated what the troops composing this army can do when an opportunity offers, and have given unquestionable proof of their reliability in desperate fighting.

I must not omit to mention that Company D (Captain J. D. Fish), of the One hundred and twenty-first New York, then on the picket line, joined the storming party, as did also about 50 men from the Twentieth Maine, belonging to the Fifth Corps, under Captain Morrill, and by their dash and gallantry rendered effective service in the assault.

The First Brigade of the First Division, and the portion of the Third Division not attached to General Howe's command, were not engaged, and though anxious to take part in the contest, were not needed. They performed perfectly the duty assigned them of supporting the batteries, in which they were exposed to an annoying artillery fire.

To Brigadier-General Howe my thanks are particularly due for the able manner in which he handled and disposed his troops. Though not permitted to assault the enemy's works on the flank, as he desired to do, he so disposed his command as to hold at least a brigade of the enemy in check, which would otherwise have joined against the assaulting column.

To Brigadier-General Russell is due the credit of leading his troops gallantry to the attack, and of carrying, I believe, the first intrenched position of importance during the war on the first assault.

Colonel Charles H. Tompkins, commanding Artillery Brigade, was unremitting in his supervision of his batteries engaged, and their fire was excellent. As regards the merits of other officers command-

