
ing troops that day, I beg leave to refer to the accompanying reports of division and brigade commanders.

To my own staff of that day I was greatly indebted for their assistance, and for their prompt and intelligent transmission of orders, often under warm fire. They were: Lieutenant Colonel J. N. Duffy, Third New Jersey Volunteers, assistant inspector-general; Captain Henry R. Dalton, assistant adjutant-general; Captain J. M. Rice, aide-de-camp; and Lieutenant Thomas L. Hayden, Seventh Connecticut Volunteers,aide-de-camp. The other members of my staff were serving with General Russell, commanding First Division.

The report of casualties has already been furnished.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier General, Commanding Sixth Corps on 7th of November.

Lieutenant Colonel M. T. McMAHON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixth Corps.

Numbers 26. Report of Brigadier General David A. Russell, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, of engagement at Rappahannock Station.

HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH ARMY CORPS, November 16, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the First Division of this corps, under my command, in the engagement with the enemy at Rappahannock Station, Va., on the 7th of November, instant:

The division broke camp near Warrenton, Va., at daybreak on the morning of the 7th, and, in obedience to orders, moved rapidly on the Fayetteville road toward Rappahannock Station. This division had the advance in the corps, and the Third Brigade of this division led the division. About 10 a. m. we arrived at Fayetteville, and here all the companies but one, of the Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, were thrown out as skirmishers and flankers. Without hinderance we moved thus to near Rappahannock Station,and halted about 12 m. in a piece of timber running nearly parallel with the river, and distant from it about 1 1\2 miles. A line of battle was at once formed, the left of which rested on the line of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, the right connecting with the left of the Second Division. The Third Brigade was on the left, the Second on the right of the Third, and the First on the right of the Second.

The enemy were found in strong force upon the northern side of the river, and were strongly intrenched behind extensive and carefully constructed rifle-pits, which ran along the river bank for nearly 2 miles. To the right of the enemy's center, and distant from the railway about 1,00 yards, was a formidable earthen redoubt. To the right of this redoubt, and some 200 yards distant, was another fort or redoubt of earth, and both of these works mounted several pieces of artillery. The rebel skirmishers were thrown out some three-quarters of a mile to the front of their position.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 559.

---------------

