
never pausing to fire a shot. The left wing of the skirmish line entered the smaller redoubt upon the enemy's right almost at the same time that the right of the skirmish line leaped into the larger redoubt and the rifle-pit extending from its left. The Fifth Wisconsin were directed upon the stronger work, and the right of the skirmish line wheeled down to aid their left in the smaller work. A desperate hand-to-hand struggle ensued, the foe was overpowered and the works were ours.

The batteries, which had kept up their destructive fire to the moment of the order to charged, had simultaneously ceased. From the rifle-pits to the left of the larger redoubt, a severe enfilading fire was kept up upon the storming party. Those of the rebels in the redoubts who had not been captured, and many from their right unable or fearing to cross the river, were beginning to rally around their battle-flats planted upon the brink of the rifle-pits. Furious, but as yet redoubt, and I saw it was necessary to order forward at once the remaining two regiments of the Third Brigade. Lieutenant S. W. Russell, my junior aide-de-camp, and Captain A. M. Tyler, of General Forty-ninth and One hundred and nineteenth Pennsylvania. These two regiments arrived most opportunely. Their advance was as gallant as timely, and settled decisively the possession of the redoubts. Yet so great had been the loss of the regiments thus far engaged, that they were not strong enough to carry the rifle-pits and stay the fire from them, which still greatly annoyed our men.

Captains Tyler, Packard, and Hurd were sent in succession to Colonel Emory Upton, commanding the Second Brigade of this division, with orders to him to bring up speedily two regiments of his command, and the One hundred and twenty-first New York and Fifth Maine, under Colonel Upon, were led to the assault upon the rifle pits with unexampled coolness, steadiness, and bravery. At the bayonet's point they overcame the enemy everywhere, and resistance was speedily over.

The Second Brigade captured 6 colors, 1 color-lance, the rebel pontoon bridge, which was thrown across the river just to the rear of the larger redoubt and about 800 yards above the ruins of the railway brigade.

The total number of prisoners taken by them in the assault was 103 commissioned officers and 1,200 enlisted men.

The Third Brigade captured in the two redoubt 2 10-pounder Parrott guns and 2 3-inch ordnance guns, 4 caissons filled with ammunition, 5 limbers, several horses, many prisoners and stand of small-arms, and 1 color.

The total number of small-arms taken was 1,225 stand.

The actual number engaged from the Second Brigade was 568. The numerical strength of the Third Brigade in this action was 1,549. To this force was opposed the entire Louisiana brigade (five regiments), Hoke's brigade (three regiments), and the Louisiana Guard Battery.

Much praise is the due of Captain Morrill, of the Twentieth Regiment Maine Volunteers, who commanded a skirmish detail of 75 men from the Fifth Corps. His men joined the left of the Sixth Maine Volunteers, and on learning the works in their front were to be stormed, he called for volunteers to aid their sister regiment. Major Fuller, commanding the Sixth Maine skirmishers, reports

