
bold charge on my lines. This may be considered the most critical moment. My ammunition was almost entirely exhausted - few had more than five rounds, many none at all. This caused some to break to the rear, but they were easily rallied by their company officers. The enemy, advancing with loud cheers, made a most desperate assault on our lines. Here the bravery of the troops was conspicuous. Led on by their company officers, they determinedly met the foe and repulsed them in handsome style, driving them in confusion beyond their own lines, killing many, and wounding and capturing the field-officer who headed the charge.

My thanks are due Lieutenant E. T. Jackson, acting adjutant, for his prompt execution of orders, and Sergeant-Major Quarrier for his exertions in keeping the men at their post.

Too much credit cannot be given Captain John K. Thompson, acting field-officer, who assisted me much by his coolness and conspicuous gallantry.

While the enemy were vigorously attacking my lines two companies from Derrick's battalion came bravely to our assistance and rendered good service. After this charge was broken we were exposed to a continuous fire of artillery and small-arms till after night-fall. During the night the command was busily engaged preparing for the following day.

At daybreak of the 27th, the enemy opened on us again and kept up a spirited fire until about 11 a. m., when they again attempted to form an charge us; but were whipped, scattered, and driven in disorder back before they could form, and being repulsed along the entire line, retreated hastily from the field.

My command was under fire twelve hours the first day and about five the second. Captured 20 prisoners, among them 1 field-officer, and brought off a good many guns and pistols.

Attached to this report you will find a list* of the casualties in this regiment.

I have the honor, lieutenant, to remain, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. A. BAILEY,

Major, Twenty-second [Virginia Infantry.]

Lieutenant NOYES RAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 8. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Clarence Derrick, Twenty-third Virginia Infantry Battalion.

WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS,

August 29, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Twenty-third Battalion in the battle of White Sulphur Springs on the 26th and 27th instant:

I arrived on the field about 10 a. m., and was ordered to support the Twenty-second Regiment Virginia Volunteers. I immediately proceeded by the most direct route to gain a position on the prolon-

---------------

*Embodied in addenda to Patton's report, p. 56.

---------------

