
that some 50 responded to the call, and by their valor and dash rendered most efficient aid.

With the skirmishers of the Sixth Maine, and on their right, in the storming of the rebel position, went also Captain J. D. Fish, of the One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers, with his Company, D, of that regiment.

To the members of my staff on this day, Captain A. M. Tyler, commissary of musters on General Wright's staff, Captain Dan. Packard, aide-de-camp and acting assistant inspector-general, and Lieutenant S. W. Russell, aide-de-camp, both of the Third Brigade, a debt of hearty gratitude is due. They were as cool under the trying fire as the steadiest veterans,and they carried the various orders intrusted to them with precision and promptness. I regret to state that Lieutenant Russell, while stimulating the men at the very edge of the larger redoubt, received a severe and dangerous wound which must incapacitate him for service for many months to come.

To the officers and men of the Third and Second Brigades of this division, for their surpassing steadiness and bravery, I desire to call attention, and would respectfully ask that permission be granted all the regiments engaged to inscribe "Rappahannock Station" upon their banners.

The number of the gallant dead and wounded is too great for individual mention, nor does space admit the particularizing of the many deeds of personal heroism and distinction.

Mention must be made of the medical staff of this division, who were conspicuous for their skill, humanity, and unremitting attention to the wounded.

The casualties in this division are as follows:

Casualties	 Officers	 Enlisted men	 Total

Third Brigade:

Killed	 6	 52	 58

Wounded	 23	 182	 205

Missing	 --	 2 	 2

Total	 --	 ---	 256

Second

Brigade:

Killed	 2	 9	 11

Wounded	 3 	 49 	 52

Total	 --	 --	 63

Recapitulation

:

Killed	 8	 61	 69

Wounded	 26	 231	 257

Missing	 --	 2	 2

Total	 --	 --	 *328

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. A. RUSSELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Division.

Lieutenant Colonel M. T. McMAHON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 559.

---------------

