
staff taken in the recent assault on the enemy's intrenched position at Rappahannock Station by the storming party led by the gallant General Russell.

The Secretary desires me to convey his thanks to the officers and men engaged in those operations of the army, which reflect such high credit upon the skill which planned and the bravery which successfully executed them.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 27. Report of Colonel Emory Upton, One hundred and twenty-first New York Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of engagement at Rappahannock Station.

HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS, November 11, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade, on the evening of November 7, at Rappahannock Station:

The brigade broke camp near Warrenton at daylight, and with the division marched to the railroad about 1 1\4 miles from Rappahannock Station, arriving about 1 p. m. It was there formed in two lines, the right connecting with the First, the left with the Third Brigade. In this position it remained until about 5 p. m., when the whole was advanced to within 1,000 yards of the enemy's works, when the brigade halted, under cover from the enemy's artillery.

About dusk, Captain Tyler, of General Russell's staff, brought me the order to bring two of my regiments rapidly to the front, to help hold the redoubts already captured by the Third Brigade. The Fifth Maine and One hundred and twenty-first New York, being in the front line, were immediately ordered forward, and to avoid delay, were directed to load while marching. As soon as the loading was completed, they double-quicked and soon arrived near the redoubt.

The Third Brigade still holding possession of the works they had captured, General Russell directed me to dislodge the enemy from a rifle-pit to our right of the redoubt, and from which he maintained an enfilading fire. Under cover of darkness the two regiments formed within 100 yards of the enemy (who still continued his fire), unslung knapsacks and fixed bayonets. Strict orders were given not to fire. Everything being ready, the line advanced at quick time to within 30 yards of the works, when the order to charge was given. The work was carried at the point of the bayonet, and without firing a shot. The enemy fought stubbornly over their colors, but being overpowered soon surrendered.

The Fifth Maine in this charge captured 2 colors, the One hundred and twenty-first New York 1 color and 1 color standard, from which the colors had been torn to prevent their falling into our hands.

The regiments were immediately reformed inside of the rifle-pits. Word was brought me to enemy holding the rifle-pits still to our right were in confusion. He could also be seen moving to his rear. Major Mather, of the One hundred and twenty-first New York, was directed to take a portion of his regiment and intercept his retreat.

