
ing forward with a determined will to win. Where all so nobly did their whole duty, it is difficult to discriminate between them.

The colors captured by this regiment were from the following regiments, and taken by the officers and men whose names I take great satisfaction in reporting: Eighth Louisiana, captured by Lieutenant A. S. Lyon, commanding Company K; Sixth North Carolina, captured by James H. Littlefield, Company I; Seventh North Carolina, captured by Corpl. E. P. Blondell, Company D; Fifth-fourth North Carolina [Infantry] Cavalry, captured by Corpl. T. Shackford, Company A.

The loss in my regiment, in this engagement, was 7 killed and 28 wounded.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. EDWARDS,

Colonel, Commanding Fifth Maine Volunteers.

Brigadier General JOHN L. HODSON,

Adjutant-General, State of Maine.

Numbers 29. Report of Colonel Peter C. Ellmaker, One hundred and nineteenth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of engagement at Rappahannock Station, with congratulatory orders.

HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS, November 8, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this command in the engagement of yesterday:

Pursuant to orders the brigade left camp near Warrenton, at an early hour in the morning. After proceeding a few miles, a portion of the Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers was thrown out as skirmishers and flankers, and the command moved on unmolested to a point on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad-and distant form the enemy's line and works at Rappahannock Station about 1 1\2 miles--where we arrived at about 12.30 p. m. After some two hours' rest, the Sixth Maine, the Forty-ninth and One hundred and nineteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers forming a second line and moving at a short distance in the rear.

In this way the command moved steadily but slowly forward, halting near sunset under the crest of a hill within a few hundred yards of the enemy's works. Up to this hour but few if any casualties occurred, the enemy's skirmishers retiring as ours advanced. Here the skirmish line was doubled by throwing forward the remainder of the Sixth Maine, which command, together with the Fifth Wisconsin, dashed forward with an impetuosity seldom if ever equaled, and stormed and carried the enemy's works. A most deadly hand-to-hand conflict ensued, but the prompt arrival of the Forty-ninth and One hundred and nineteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, giving renewed

