
gation of the line occupied by the Twenty-second, but upon arriving on the ground I found that it would be utterly impossible to maintain that position. I therefore placed my command some hundred yards to the rear of the left of the line previously occupied by our force. I then made dispositions of the force under me to secure the left of the line in my front, and also to prevent any flank movement of the enemy on our extreme left.

In obedience to instructions received from yourself, I ordered two companies from my right to strengthen and support the left of the Twenty-second Virginia. These companies, led by Major Blessing, gallantry charged to the position assigned them through a perfect storm of shot, shell, and ball about 1 p. m. on the 26th. The position thus obtained by the Twenty-third Battalion was maintained until the enemy retreated. The line was almost continuously engaged from the time the troops arrived on the field until about 12 m. on the 27th instant.

The following is a list* of casualties in the battalion.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. DERRICK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel GEORGE S. PATTON,

Commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 9. Report of Lieutenant Colonel George M. Edgar, Twenty-sixth Virginia Infantry Battalion.

WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, W. VA.,

August 29, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: It becomes my duty to submit, through you, to the colonel commanding a report of the part which the Twenty-sixth Virginia Battalion bore in the engagement of the 26th and 27th instant:

Upon the approach of the enemy I was ordered to throw my battalion across the turnpike at is intersection with the road leading from Anthony's Creek. I immediately formed four of my companies on the left of the intersection of the two roads, and ordered Major Woodram to form the other four on the right. Major Woodram formed his companies farther to the right than was intended, placing them in the edge of the woods on the right of the bottom; but the position selected by him being a good one, he was ordered to remain there.

While the battalion was forming I caused the road to be blockaded, and threw forward a company (Captain E. S. Read's) as skirmishers in front of my left wing. Shortly after these dispositions were made the Forty-fifth Virginia Regiment was ordered up to occupy the space left between my right and left wings. I then withdrew one company from Major Woodram and placed it on my left. Soon afterward the Forty-fifth Regiment was ordered to another position, leaving me with but four companies to defend the whole line from the mountain

---------------

*See addenda to Patton's report, p. 56.

---------------

