
Williams (the two latter, although severely wounded, rejoined their companies next morning and reported for duty), and First Sergt. W. H. Coan, Company H, who, after his officers had fallen, took command of the company, and by his cool and determined conduct helped much to the result. Captain Summers and Lieutenant Hobbs, of Company A, forming the right support of the line, and Lieutenants Hill and Pierce, of Company C, forming the left support, did their duty well and nobly.

I regret to state that during the early part of the engagement, Lieutenant-Colonel Harris, while gallantly leading on his men, fell dangerously wounded, and the command devolved upon me. Adjutant Clark was also severely wounded while in the works, bravely doing his duty, but not before he had driven his sword into his adversary. Captains Furlong, killed; Burnham, Roberts, and Witherell, wounded; and Lieutenants Wilkins and McKinley killed; Waite, Pottle, Jacobs, Morton, Knowles, and Chamberlain, wounded, were stricken down while gallantly leading on their men-doing their duty as only such officers can.

Numerous instances of personal valor among the enlisted men of the regiment have come to my knowledge, too numerous, indeed, to mention in this hurried report, but I cannot refrain from asking your attention to the following two instances of unexampled courage and coolness: Sergt. Otis O. Roberts*, of Company H, with only 5 men, rushed upon the color-bearer of the Eighth Louisiana Regiment, who was in the midst of his color company, and after a hand-to-hand conflict, in which the bayonet was freely used, succeeded in capturing the colors, and compelling the whole company to surrender. Privates Robinson Kitching, and Thomas W. Chick, of Company B, and Private Lawrence O. Laughlin, of Company G, pursued the enemy to the river, firing three shots after them, and ordered them to surrender. Three commissioned officers and 175 men obeyed the order, and the 3 men marched their prisoners safely to the rear.

After the engagement, the regiment was ordered to hold the right redoubt of the enemy's works, near the railroad, until further orders, which it did until the next day, when at 1 o'clock p. m. the brigade crossed the Rappahannock, and taking a position went into camp.

The regiment lost in this terrible engagement 139 officers and men, a full list of whose names and rank I respectfully submit.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE FULLER,

Major, Commanding Sixth Maine Volunteers.

Captain C. H. HURD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 32. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas M. Hulings, Forty-Ninth Pennsylvania Infantry, of engagement at Rappahannock Station.

HDQRS. 49TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLS., November 8, 1863,.

CAPTAIN; In obedience to orders, I have the honor to report that this regiment left its camp near Warrenton, Va., on Saturday morn-

---------------

*Awarded medal of honor.

---------------

