
ing, November 7, at 7 a. m., and marched on the Fayetteville road in the direction of Rappahannock Station. After arriving near the cavalry outposts, about 9.30 a. m., Company C and part of Company B, under command of Captain Hutchinson, were deployed as skirmishers, and Company D and part of Company B, under Captain Quigley, were powered as flankers, the balance of the regiment acting as a reserve. The regiment proceeded in this order until we arrived near the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, 1 mile from Rappahannock Station, at 12.30 o'clock, and formed line of battle, our left resting on the railroad, our pickets and flankers acting as skirmishers until about 3 p. m., when they were relieved by a detachment from the Sixth Maine. We remained in line of battle at this point until 5 p. m., when we were ordered forward, with the balance of the brigade, to storm the enemy's works. The charge was made at 5.15 p. m.

Our loss in the action was 3 killed and 17 wounded.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. M. HULINGS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain C. H. HURD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 33. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Gideon Clark, One hundred and nineteenth Pennsylvania Infantry, of engagement at Rappahannock Station.
HEADQUARTERS 119TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,November 9, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the command left their camp near Warrenton, Va., on the morning of the 7th instant at sunrise, and marched to a point about a mile and a half north of Rappahannock Station, where a line of battle was formed in the woods on the right of the Fifth Wisconsin, and to the right of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad. In this position the command remained until just before sunset, when the line was ordered to advance. After having crossed a stream, the Fifth Wisconsin was ordered to support the skirmishers of the Sixth Maine. The command, with the Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, still continued to advance, when just before reaching the foot of the hill in advance of the eminence on the brow of which were situated the enemy's fortifications (which were already on our possession, but the troops that occupied them hard pressed), the double-quick step and the run was ordered, and with a yell the command dashed into the rifle-pits,where they remained engaged for a short time, reaching the point in time to render valuable aid and assistance to the Fifth Wisconsin and Sixth Maine, the tired and worn-out veterans who had so nobly stormed the works. The enemy having succeeded in gaining a position on our right, and pouring rather a disastrous flank fire into us, the front was ordered to be changed, when, night coming on, the engagement ceased, and the command remained on the field during the night.

