
The loss in the action was 1 commissioned officer and 6 enlisted men killed, and 1 commissioned officer and 36 enlisted men wounded. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GIDEON CLARK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain C. H. HURD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 34. Report of Brigadier General Albion P. Howe, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of engagement at Rappahannock Station.

BRANDY STATION,

November 9, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to instructions from the headquarters of the Sixth Corps, of this date, I have the honor to report the operations of the troops under my command in the action at Rappahannock Station, on the 7th instant.

My division left Warrenton early in the morning, and reached a point on the railroad about 1 mile from Rappahannock Station about 3 p. m. The enemy was found occupying field-works on the left bank of the Rappahannock and on the west of the railroad, extending from the crossing at the Rappahannock Station to near Beverly Ford; also, the range of heights some 900 yards north of the river, covering the two crossings, with a wooded covering on his left. The heights north of the river commanding his strongest works immediately on the river.

Between 3 and 4 p. m., by direction of General Wright, commanding the corps, General Shaler's brigade and two batteries of artillery (Martin's and Waterman's) were ordered to report to me, and with this force and my division I was ordered to take the heights that commenced the enemy's works immediately on the left bank of the river.

With a line of battle of three deployed regiments of General Shaler's brigade, and General Neill's brigade deployed on General Shaler's right, and the Fifth Vermont, under Major Dudley, thrown to the right of General Neill's brigade; with a skirmish line of three regiments and the Vermont brigade in rear of General Neill's en echelon of battalion by the left, I advanced upon the heights, and without check and with but little loss took possession of them. Martin's battery was then thrown into position on the heights, and opened fire upon the enemy's works on the river with good effect. I then threw forward a force, and drove the enemy from and took possession of Beverly Ford. Between Beverly Ford and the enemy's right the river makes a strong bend to the left, so that occupying the left bank between those two points with our artillery, it gave us a fire upon their only crossing and a reserve fire upon the enemy's right. After getting possession of Beverly Ford, I caused General Neill to change front to his left with his right resting on the left bank, and then threw Waterman's battery into position on the enemy's left. The enemy now strongly re-enforced his left. It was becoming quite dark. At this time General Wright ordered an attack upon the enemy's right by the First Division of the corps, which was gallantly

