
and successfully executed, resulting in the capture of all the enemy's artillery in the works and a large of prisoners.

A nominal list of the casualties* of the command and the prisoners taken has been forwarded.

Much credit is due to Generals Neill and Shaler for the skillful and gallant manner in which they handled their brigades, and promptly executed every requirement made of them. The officers and men of their brigades, one and all, bore themselves handsomely.

The Vermont brigade, under Colonel Grant, in the second line, was for a portion of the time under a severe fire of the enemy's artillery, yet every man was in his right place, and they bore themselves in a manner worthy of their former reputation.

I desire to call the attention of the general commanding to the four regiments and their commanders (Colonel Baker, Forty-third New York; Captain J. m. Dwight, One hundred and twenty-second New York; Lieutenant-Colonel Harris, Sixth Maine, and Major Dudley, Fifth Vermont), for their good conduct and gallant bearing on the skirmish line. It could not have been bettered.

My thanks are due to Major Mundee, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenants Edgerton and Gates, aides-de-camp; Lieutenant-Colonel Stone, division inspector, and Captain Brazee, provost-marshal of the division, for the gallantry and intelligence with which they transmitted orders during the action.

Surgeon Sim, medical director of the division, also voluntarily rendered gallant and efficient service in transmitting orders on the front until his service were claimed at the rear by the effect of the enemy's shots.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. HOWE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel M. T. McMAHON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 35. Report of Major Charles P. Dudley, Fifth Vermont Infantry, of engagement at Rappahannock Station.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH VERMONT VOLUNTEERS,November 11, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Fifth Vermont Volunteers in the action of the 7th instant:

The regiment was ordered to protect the right flank of the line and to skirmish toward Beverly Ford, and in case no enemy were found, to swing around upon the river and come down. We threw out four companies as skirmishers and advanced to within half a mile of the river, seeing none of the enemy. The right swung around upon the river, and we advanced down it. We came in contact with the rebel skirmishers and drove them into their rifle-pits, our skirmishers going to within 25 rods of their rifle-pits and remaining there until

---------------

* Embodied in revised statement, p. 559.

---------------

