
dark. The regiments was ordered to picket up the river to Beverly Ford. While posting them, a sharp fire from a section of a battery opened on the regiment and obliged us to stop posting until after dark.

The officers and men, as usual, behaved with coolness and bravery.

The casualties were only 3 wounded.

I am, lieutenant, your obedient servant,

C. P. DUDLEY,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant C. H. FORBES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 36. Report of Brigadier General Thomas H. Neill, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of engagement at Rappahannock Station.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., SIXTH ARMY CORPS,November 9, 1863.

SIR: In reply to your communication of this date from General Howe, commanding division, desiring me to send in report of my operations in the affair at Rappahannock, I have the honor to report that on November 7 the division advanced in line of battle toward Rappahannock Station. My Third Brigade was in the first line deployed, the Forty-third New York Volunteers, Colonel Baker, being in advance as skirmishers. The division thus advanced until we came under a heavy fire of shot and shell from batteries on the north and south side of the river. The right of my line was then thrown around to the left, so that my skirmishers reached the river and held it under sharp musketry fire from the enemy, and my four regiments changed front, so as to conform to this movement. At sunset the assault upon the works was made by General Russell and carried. Our position and efforts were conductive to this end by preventing the retreating rebels from going up to Beverly Ford, by firing upon the bridge behind the works and upon the rifle-pits connecting the works.

The following is a list of casualties.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. H. NEILL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major CHARLES MUNDEE,

Assistant-Adjutant-General.

Numbers 37. Reports of Brigadier General Henry D. Terry, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of engagement at Rappahannock Station.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,November 12, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that on arriving at Rappahannock Station, in the afternoon of the 7th instant, I found that

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 4 enlisted men killed, and 7 wounded.

---------------

