
General Shaler's brigade, arriving some minutes before, had been ordered to report to Brigadier-General Howe, and formed a portion of his line of battle. Three regiments only of that brigade being present (the other two being on detached duty), I directed, in pursuance of orders received on the field, that Brigadier-General Eustis should send the Seventh and Tenth Massachusetts to report to General Shaler, which was done.

General Wheaton's entire brigade, and two regiments (Thirty-seventh Massachusetts and Second Rhode island) of General Eustis' brigade, were in reserve, and before the close of the action were moved forward to the foot of the crest occupied by our artillery, where they remained until the enemy's works were carried.

I have no casualties to report, except those occurring in the One hundred and twenty-second New York and the Tenth Massachusetts, under the immediate command of General Shaler, a full list of which has been already reported by him.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. D. TERRY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel M. T. McMAHON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixth Corps.

CAMP SEDGWICK,

Near Brandy Station, Va., November 13, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that on Sunday morning, the 8th instant, at a quarter to 4 a. m., at Rappahannock Station, I received orders to march with the Second and Third Brigades of this division, at 4 o'clock of the same morning, to Kelly's Ford, to guard the crossing there, following the Fifth Corps; that the troops were put in march after waiting two houses for the Fifth Corps, and reached the ford at half past 8 a. m. In accordance with ordnance with directions received from the major-general commanding the Army of the Potomac, the troops were disposed in the manner indicated in those direction. A strong picket line from the Third Brigade, resting its right upon the river, nearly a mile below the ford, was extended to the left as far as the Morrisville road. Another picket line extending from near the Morrisville road, still farther to the left, was formed from the Second Brigade.

Colonel McGilvery, of the artillery, reported to me by order of Brigadier-General Hunt, with fourteen guns. Four 4 1/2-inch rifled were placed in position on the heights below and commanding the bridges and the ford, supported by the Sixty-second New York, under the direction of Brigadier-General Wheaton.

Four light brass 12-pounders were places within 200 yards of the bridges, supported by the Second Rhode Island Volunteers, under the direction of Brigadier-General Eustis, who threw a picket line over the river, below the crossing, with the left resting on the river, and running perpendicular to it to the right, and, during the night, guards were sent to the south bank opposite the bridge and ford.

On the evening of the 11th, I received orders from the major-gen-

---------------

* See revised statement, p. 560.

---------------

