
eral commanding the Army of the Potomac to rejoin the corps, on being relieved by the Fifth Corps. A division of that corps being already there, I ordered the command the march at daylight the following morning. The two brigades went into camp at this place about 1 o'clock yesterday afternoon.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. D. TERRY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel M. T. McMAHON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixth Army Corps.

Numbers 38. Report of Brigadier General Alexander Shaler, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of engagement at Rappahannock Station.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,November 10, 1863.

Major: I have the honor to hand you the following report of the operations of my brigade in the action of the 7th instant:

On arriving on the ground near Rappahannock Station, I was directed by an aide of General Wright to take position on the left of General Neill's brigade, which was deployed in two lines. My first line was accordingly formed with the Eighty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers on the right, One hundred and twenty-second New York Volunteers in the center, and Sixty-seventh New York Volunteers on the left.

Two regiments of General Eustis' command, the Seventh and Tenth Massachusetts, were subsequently ordered to report to me and were assigned positions in the second line. (Two of my own regiments had been previously detached as guard to the wagon train.)

Meantime, by orders from the corps commander, I reports with my brigade to General Howe, commanding the Second Division, and under instructions from him skirmishers were deployed from the One hundred and twenty-second New York Volunteers covering the brigade front and connecting with those from General Neill's line on the right supported by two companies from the Eighty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers and one from the Sixty-seventh New York Volunteers.

At 3 p. m. the lines were advanced to a crest about half a mile to the front, and the troops disposed in a position best sheltered from the fire of the enemy's artillery.

While in this position, 1 officer and 5 men were lost by the artillery fire and a loss of 9 men was sustained by the line of skirmishers. The casualties were 4 killed and 11 wounded.

I am, major, your very obedient servant,

ALEXANDER SHALER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Major CHARLES MUNDEE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Sixth Corps.

