
I inclose a list of casualties,* and a list of material expended.

I have the honor to remain, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. H. TOMPKINS,

Colonel, Commanding Artillery Brigade, Sixth Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel M. T. McMAHON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

List of ammunition and material expended.

Ammunition.

Battery.	 Percussion	 Fuse	 Case-	 Material,

 shell.	 shell.	 shot.	 wheels.

C, First Rhode	 20	 40	 100	 1

Island Artillery

F, Fifth U. S.	 30	 130	 130	 ...

Artillery

Total	 50	 170	 230	 1

Numbers 40. Report of Captain Elijah D. Taft, Fifth New York Battery, commanding Second Volunteer Brigade, Artillery Reserve, of engagement at Rappahannock Station and action at Kelly's Ford.
HDQRS. SECOND VOL. BRIGADE ARTILLERY RESERVE,November 17, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the several batteries composing the Second Volunteer Brigade, Artillery Reserve, in the late action:

In compliance with order received from headquarters Artillery Reserve, November 6, 1863, Battery M, First Connecticut Artillery, Captain F. A. Pratt, marched from the camp of the Artillery Reserve, near Catlett's Station, at 4 a. m. of the 7th instant, and reported at General French's headquarters near Germantown, and proceed thence to Kelly's Ford, where it took position, and soon afterward opened fire on the enemy, with good effect, as will be seen by the report of Captain Pratt, a copy of which is hereunto attached.+

* * * * * * *

The Fifth New York Independent Battery, commanded by me, and Battery B, First Connecticut Artillery, Captain Brooker, marched from the above-named camp, at 6.30 a. m. on the 7th instant, to near Bealeton Station, where I halted about 10 a. m., awaiting orders. At 1 p. m. I again resumed the march toward Rappahannock Station, arriving at the battle-ground near the station about 3.30 p. m., and took position with the Fifth New York Independent Battery (in compliance with orders of Brigadier General R. O Tyler) about 1 mile from the Rappahannock River, and immediately opened fire of the enemy's works near the river, firing 134 rounds with good effect, and, as would appear from fragments of 20-pounder shells found in and about the enemy's works the next morning, many of the shells had taken effect in the forts.

---------------

* Nominal list of casualties (omitted) shows 2 men wounded of Battery C, First Rhode Island, and 3 men wounded of Battery F, Fifth United States.

+ See page 573.

---------------

