
Battery B, First Connecticut Artillery, Captain Brooker, although on the ground, was not required to take part in the action. This battery was therefore kept in reserve.

Captain Pratt reported back to these headquarters with his battery on the 13th instant.

Battery B, First New York Artillery, Captain Sheldon, and Battery C, First [West] Virginia Artillery, Captain Hill, were ordered to report to the commanding officer at Warrenton Junction, where they will remain.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

E. D. TAFT,

Captain 5th N. Y. Indpt. Batty., Commanding 2nd Vol. Brigadier

Captain JOHN N. CRAIG,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Artillery Reserve.

Numbers 41. Reports of General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army, commanding Army of Northern Virginia, of engagement at Rappahannock Station and action at Kelly's Ford.

BRANDY, November 7, 1863.

Enemy appeared in force about noon and advanced at Kelly's Ford and Rappahannock Station. At formed place, ground being favorable to them, they effected a crossing. At the latter, when nearly dark, they rushed upon the two brigades placed on opposite sides of river to protect tete-de-pont, overwhelmed them, and captured most of them, with four pieces of artillery.

R. E. LEE.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,November 7, 1863.

SIR: The enemy advanced to-day to the Rappahannock and made an attack at Kelly's Ford, followed soon after by a demonstration in large force at Rappahannock Station. He forced a passage at the former place, and has laid down a pontoon bridge over which a considerable force has crossed, to be followed, I presume, by his main body. After some skirmishing and quite a heavy cannonade at the station, he advanced after sunset in overwhelming numbers on the troops on the north side of the river guarding our tete-de-pont, and succeeded in capturing the greater part of the two brigades there stationed (those of Hoke and Hays) and four pieces of artillery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR, Richmond, Va.

[Indorsements.]

NOVEMBER 8, 1863.

Respectfully submitted to the President.

The within, just received, gives the additional information of the brigades captured at the Rappahannock crossing.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

39 R R - VOL XXIX, PT I

