
on my right to the field occupied by the Twenty-second Virginia Regiment on my left.

My skirmishers opened the engagement about 9.30 a. m., and after exhausting their ammunition were compelled to fall back to the left of the line occupied by the Twenty-third Virginia Battalion. The firing then became general between my main line and the enemy's (infantry and artillery), and continued with scarcely and intermission until about 2 o'clock, when a furious charge was made on my center by a squadron of cavalry, numbering about 100 men. This charge was successfully resisted, not more than five of the enemy returning in their saddles. A second charge was soon after made by a company of cavalry, which was resisted with equal success. In these charges a number of wounded prisoners, horses, and cavalry equipments were captured.

There was but little firing upon my line from this time (about 2.30 p. m.) until 5 or 5.30 p. m., when a heavy fire was opened upon it and continued until 8 p. m., during which a heavy line of the enemy's infantry charged upon my position, delivering its fire, as nearly as I could judge (for it was after dark), not more than 50 yards from our position. This charge was most successfully resisted, but with heavy loss, the enemy retiring about 8 o'clock.

During the night of the 26th, my line was further strengthened, the three companies in command of Major Woodram being withdrawn from the mountain to strengthen my right, and a company of the Eighth Virginia Cavalry, under Major Bowen, being placed on my left flank. On the morning of the 27th, my line was further strengthened by the accession of a company of the Eighth Virginia Cavalry to my right flank. My pickets were driven in about 5 a. m. and a desultory fire was kept up between our sharpshooters and those of the enemy which was continued until the enemy retired, about 12 m. My skirmishers then advanced, by order of Colonel Patton, commanding brigade, until it became known that the enemy's position had been abandoned and his forces were in precipitate retreat.

It gives me great pleasure to be able to bear testimony to the general good conduct of the officers and men of my command during the entire engagement. Though my command occupied a much longer and weaker line than it was reasonable to expect so small a command to hold, there was not a moment at which there was the least faltering. On the contrary, both officers and men displayed at all times courage and efficiency that I have never seen excelled. But while all did their duty, I desire especially to commend the gallantry and efficiency of Major Richard Woodram, Captain John S. Swann, Captain T. C. Morton, Captain James H. Peck, Adjt. H. B. Craig, Lieutenant J. W. McDowell, and Cadet Welch; Private Peters, of Company C, and Private Jones, of Company E.

The following persons are highly commended by their company commanders: Sergeants Wertenbaker and Woods; Privates Joseph A. Holcomb, Edward S. Raines, J. P. Hannah, and George A. Peal, Company A; Privates Fulton Scudder and William Loudermilk, Company B; Sergeant Thompson, Corpl. J. F. Erwin, and Private Robert R. Humphreys, Company D; First Lieutenant C. M. D. Spradlin, and Sergt. J. L. A. Cawley, Company F, and Lieutenant James B. Peck and Sergt. Robert P. Haynes, Company H.

Captain Edmund S. Read's company having been compelled, while

