
deployed as skirmishers, to retire to the left of the Twenty-third Battalion, I had no opportunity of noticing the conduct of its officers on the field, but feel confident they sustained their reputation for gallantry and efficiency in action.

The strength of the battalion on the 26th was about 300, and on the 27th about 325 men.

Our loss in killed, wounded, and missing was 32 officers and men, a list*of whom is herewith inclosed.

I take great pleasure in adding that the conduct of the officers and men of the Eighth Virginia Cavalry who supported my right and left flanks on the 27th was in the highest degree praiseworthy.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. M. EDGAR,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant NOYES RAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 10. Report of Colonel William H. Browne, Forty-fifth Virginia Infantry.

WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, W. VA.,

August 29, 1863.

COLONEL: Pursuant to General Orders, Numbers -, I respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the battle of White Sulphur Springs ont he 26th and 27th instant:

Under your direction I formed my line of battle, the left joining Lieutenant-Colonel Edgar's right, at the junction of the White Sulphur Springs and the Warm Springs turnpike with the Anthony's Creek road, my line extending across the low ground to the base of the ridge on the right. By our order I also sent 100 men under Captain Thompson, Company A, to occupy the ridge upon our right.

Soon after I had formed my line of battle and caused a barricade of rails to be built in my front Captain Thompson notified me that the enemy was pressing him. I immediately sent another company with Lieutenant-colonel Harman and ordered him to take command upon the ridge. In a very short while Lieutenant-Colonel Harman sent me word the enemy in force were endeavoring to turn our right flank, which information was sent to you. I awaited your order, which was to occupy the ridge with my whole regiment. I did so, my right resting on the brow of the first hill at a point opposite the toll-gate, my left opposite a point on the road about 100 yards below the burned house and facing from the same, thus forming a line longer than my regiment, which I occupied by placing my men on the strongest points.

Previous to my arrival, Lieutenant-Colonel Harman had repulsed the advance of the enemy. While placing my men in the position indicated, my left was attacked. Major Davis, whom I had left in charge of the center, ordered a company forward to support the left wing, and skirmishers under Lieutenant-Colonel Harman. This order being promptly executed, the enemy was repulsed. This company moved forward 100 yards beyond and perpendicular to the line

---------------

*See addenda to Patton's report, p. 56.

---------------

