
mishers and sharpshooters and drove them back out of range. A heavy line appeared moving down on our left bank. These were successfully resisted by the Fifty-fourth North Carolina. About this time I saw some men run out from the battery on the right, and was soon afterward informed by Lieutenant-Colonel Jones, commanding the Fifty-seventh North Carolina, that the works on our right were taken by the enemy, and a very few moments later we weer surrounded. We being above the bridge and cut off from it had no manner of escape except by cutting the enemy's line or swimming the river. In the latter effort I regret to believe we lost many valuable lives. A line perpendicular to the rifle-pits was formed, with a view of driving the enemy back, to open the bridge-way, but the Sixth North Carolina and a portion of the Fifty-seventh North Carolina, but resulted in little. Colonel Godwin made three efforts to perform this line after it was broken, but was unsuccessful.

It may be proper for me here to account for my escape. When the last gun was fired, and no hope of further resistance, Colonel Godwin ordered me to escape if I could. With a few men of the Sixth North Carolina, I reached the end of the bridge and crossed just before it was set on fire.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. McD. TATE,

Lieutenant Colonel, Sixth North Carolina, Commanding Hoke's Brigade.

Brigadier-General HAYS.

[Inclosure.]

Return of Casualties in Hoke's brigade in the engagement at Rappahannock Bridge, November 7.

Killed. Wounded. Missing.

Command.	 Office	 Men.	 Offic	 Men.	 Offic	 Men.	 Aggr

 rs.	 	 ers.	 	 ers.	 	 egat

 	 	 	 	 	 	 e.

Staff..	 ...	 ...	 ...	 ...	 1	 ...	 1

6th North	 ...	 3	 1	 12	 21	 286	 323

Carolina

54th North	 ...	 ...	 ...	 2	 21	 285	 308

Carolina

57th North	 ...	 ...	 ...	 4	 16	 276	 296

Carolina.

Total	 ...	 3	 1	 18	 59	 847	 928

Numbers 47. Reports of Major General Robert E. Rodes, C. S. Army, commanding division, of action at Kelly's Ford.
HEADQUARTERS RODES' DIVISION,November 11, 1863.

COLONEL: In reply to your note, I have the honor to state that the total missing in this division in the affair at Kelly's Ford is reported at 309. Of these, 290 are reported to have been captured from the two regiments on picket; but the same regiments report only 28 missing, while there are in the hands of the surgeon of the brigade 50 wounded, so that the number missing in the two regiments is misstated by 22. The missing number is therefore 287. Of these, 50

