
The missing reported in Ramseur's brigade are confined to the Second and Thirtieth North Carolina, and include 14 men in the hands of the surgeon not reported by their regimental commanders as wounded, so that the total wounded is 59 and the missing 295. It is probable, however, that many reported missing were left in the hands of the enemy killed or wounded.

The Second North Carolina, under its gallant commander, Lieutenant-Colonel Stallings, behaved very handsomely. The loss of prisoners in this regiment resulted from Lieutenant-Colonel Stallings holding the regiments in position in order to save the Thirtieth, which had come to his relief on his left, he believing that it had engaged the force which crossed at the rapids above the ford.

The Thirtieth did not sustain its reputation. It arrived at the mills in great confusion and became uncontrollable. Its leader, but many of his men refused utterly to leave the shelter of the houses when he ordered the regiment to fall back. All who refused were of course captured, and hence the large number of prisoners from this regiment.

The whole line of battle was under artillery fire, and hence the casualties in the brigades of Doles, Battle, and Johnston. The missing in the brigades other than Ramseur's were either deserters or stragglers; probably the latter.

Some valuable officers were killed and wounded. The most distinguished among these are Colonel Cox, Second North Carolina, who was wounded immediately after his entrance upon the field, and Lieutenant-Colonel Sillers, Thirtieth North Carolina, who it was feared was mortally wounded.

In consequence of many of the baggage wagons of the brigades having been sent after forage, and of the want of transportation in the division, a small amount of baggage and a few cooking utensils were left in camp. A statement of these losses, which were really slight and unavoidable, was forwarded to the commanding general through Colonel Chilton.

The outpost force at the other fords named herein were withdrawn without loss and in good order.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. E. RODES,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel A. S. PENDLETON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Corps, Army of Northern Virginia.

Numbers 48. Report of Captain Willis J. Dance, First Virginia Artillery, including operations since October 8.
HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENTS VIRGINIA ARTILLERY,January 19, 1864.

GENERAL: I beg leave to submit the following report of the operations of this regiments from the time of leaving the line of the Rapidan, about the 1st of October, until the return thereto in November, 1863:

The regiment (at that time under command of Major R. A. Hardaway) moved from camp near Pisgah Church on the 8th of October,

