
1863, up to Orange Court-House, and from thence marched, crossing the river at barnett's Ford, and taking the route pursued by the Second Corps, on by Madison Court-House and Warrenton to the neighborhood of Bristoe Station. After the battle of Bristoe we fell back with the army across the Rappahannock and went into camp near Brandy Station. From thence one or two batteries were kept constantly on picket at Rappahannock Bridge. On the 3rd of November, the batteries of Captain Dance (Powhatan Artillery) and Captain Graham (Rockbridge Artillery) were sent down on picket, and were thereon the 7th, when the enemy made and advance in large force which resulted in the capture of a portion of Hays' and Hoke's brigades and the Louisiana Artillery, which was also there on picket. The batteries of Captains Dance and Graham were engaged during the day with the artillery of the enemy. The firing ceased on both sides at dark and during the night our batteries were moved back, and on the next day, having rejoined the regiment, the whole moved back across the river at Rapidan Station and returned to our old camp near Pisgah Church.

The only loss in the engagement at Rappahannock Bridge was 1 man killed in the Rockbridge Battery (Captain Graham).

Major Hardaway was in command of the regiment during the whole time (but I was present with it) excepting during the few days mentioned, when my battery and Captain Graham's were on picket. No other part of the regiment was engaged at any time during that campaign, except the two batteries above mentioned.

Respectfully submitted.

W. J. DANCE,

Captain, Commanding First Regiment Virginia Artillery.

Brigadier General A. L. LONG.

Numbers 49. Report of Captain James McDowell Carrington, Charlottesville Artillery, commanding Jones's battalion.

CAMP NEAR FREDERICK'S HALL,

January 28, 1864.

SIR: On the 3rd of November, 1863, Lieutenant-Colonel Jones, having obtained a leave of absence, turned over the command of his battalion to me as senior captain. On the 4th of the same monthly I received orders to send one battery to do picket duty on the Rappahannock and move the rest of the battalion in the direction of Slaughter's Mountain. Green's battery was sent to the river under the command of First Lieutenant Moore, the captain being absent on leave of indulgence. The other three batteries of the battalion moved, early on the morning of the 4th, from their camp near Brandy Station, to a camp selected by Colonel Brown, near Major's house, in the immediate vicinity of Slaughter's Mountain. We remained in this camp for one day, but finding the location not as suitable for an encampment as at first it was supposed to be, Colonel Brown consented for us to move 1 mile farther to the rear, where we remained from about 10 o'clock Friday morning, the 6th, to 9 p. m. Saturday, the 7th, when orders came to report back to Brandy Station without delay.

