
As soon as arrangements could be made for moving, I moved in the direction of Brandy Station, and reached that place about daylight. Here I learned that Green's battery, after a gallant resistance to the enemy, was overpowered by superior numbers and captured, with a loss of two 10-pounder Parrott guns and two 3-inch Dahlgren rifled pieces, 39 enlisted men and 2 commissioned officers (Lieutenants Moore and Riddle) and - horses, together with the most of their camp equipage.

I was then ordered to report to General Early. He assigned the different batteries of the battalion to their respective positions in line of battle, where we remained without being engaged until nearly sundown of the same day, when orders were received to move again to the south bank of the Rapidan River.

Colonel Brown's order to cross at Rapidan Station not having reached me, i sent a courier to know at what ford I should cross; but he returned without being able to find Colonel Brown, so that I followed General Early's suggestion, and crossed at Somerville Ford, he having informed me that his division would follow not far in our rear. We reached the south bank of the river about 1 o'clock Monday morning, the 9th, went into camp near the ford, and in obedience to orders sent one company at a time from the battalion to do picket duty in the earth-works near Halsey's house.

Here we remained without interruption until the 15th of November, when a cavalry force of the enemy made its appearance opposite Morton's Ford. Jones' battalion being most available, General Long ordered two companies of it to report at once to that ford. As soon as the horses could be hitched this order was obeyed, but soon discovering that there would be [no] need of them, the general ordered them back to camp, and here we remained quiet until the 23d, when i was relieved of the command by the return of Colonel Jones.

Respectfully submitted.

JAS. McDOWELL CARRINGTON,

Captain, Charlottesville Battery.

Brigadier General A. L. LONG.

ADDENDA.

CAMP NEAR SOMERVILLE FORD,

November 21, 1863.

Report of casualties in the Louisiana Guard Artillery, First Lieutenant R. L. Moore commanding, in the engagement of Saturday, November 7, at Rappahannock Bridge:

Number of officers present, 2; number of enlisted men present 76; total present, 78.

Killed: One sergeant, left in the enemy's hands.

Missing: Officers, 2; enlisted men, 39, 2 of whom are known to be wounded.

Escaped, enlisted men: Two sergeants, 1 corporal, 25 privates; total, 28.

Number of horses with battery, 54; number of horses saved, 9; captured, 45.

About 400 rounds of ammunition were expended, 78 of which was canister.

Respectfully submitted.

JAS. McDOWELL CARRINGTON,

Captain, Commanding Jones' Artillery Battalion.

