
Numbers 50. Report of Captain John L. Massie, Fluvanna Artillery, of action at Kelly's Ford.

CAMP NEAR RACCOON FORD,

November 12, 1863.

COLONEL: As you requested, I send you a statement of the part taken by my battery in the skirmish of the 7th instant, near Kelly's Ford;

About 1.30 p. m. of that date, the enemy appeared in force on the opposite bank. My battery, as soon as it could be hitched up, was put in position on the hill nearest the ford, but not so as to command the ford exactly. The enemy opened with twelve or fourteen guns, to which we replied as well as we could but after firing some ten or twelve rounds to the gun, and finding we were unable to reach them with much effect, it was deemed advisable to cease firing. After about an hour the enemy succeeded with their sharpshooters and artillery in driving back our infantry pickets from the ford, and thus effected a crossing, when they advanced to within 300 yards of my position. As our infantry support was not in sight, my guns were retired. We came back to General Rodes' headquarters, when General Rodes ordered me to take position about a mile back at Mr. Shackelford's house, at which point I received orders about 2 o'clock that night to rejoin the battalion, which was done about 8 o'clock next morning near Mount Pony.

My loss was 2 men severely and 7 slightly wounded. One of the former died next morning. Three horses were killed and 2 broke loose while the firing was going on and ran down to the river, where it was impossible to send for them.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. L. MASSIE,

Captain Fluvanna Artillery.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM NELSON,

Commanding Artillery Battalion.

Numbers 51. Report of Major General Cadmus M. Wilcox, C. S. Army, commanding division, Third Corps.
HEADQUARTERS WILCOX'S LIGHT BRIGADE,November 12, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to state, for the information of the commanding general, that the following list shows the entire loss in this division during the campaign ending on the 9th instant:

Killed, 3; wounded, 12; straggled and not yet reported, 8; deserted, 3; total, 26.

One of the men reported as deserted was under sentence of death and escaped the guard during the night march. Two of those reported as straggled are known to have crossed the Rapidan, and, being sick, are supposed to be in some hospital as yet unknown to

