
This they promised will not be their last visit, bit they intend robbing every farm on the Peninsula before stopping. I think it quite likely. They throw out infantry skirmishers on both sides of the road when they approach timber, thus rendering ambushing anything but an easy matter.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. CHARLES HUME,

Lieutenant, Commanding.

Lieutenant S. W. WARDLAW,

Adjutant Holcombe Legion.

NOVEMBER 11, 1863.- Raid on Suffolk, Va.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Arthur Herbert, Seventh Virginia Infantry.

IVOR,

November 11, 1863.

SIR: I left here with my regiments and three pieces of artillery Monday evening; encamped 4 miles the other side of Blackwater that night, and on Tuesday morning marched to the other side of Windsor, where I was joined by Colonel Taliaferro and his regiment.

My intention was to march the whole force to about 6 miles of Suffolk that evening and make an attack at daybreak next morning. All hopes of making any successful attack in their rear I had given up since the capture of Lieutenant Roy, they having destroyed every boat, and having been picketing the river very closely ever since.

Knowing you wished a demonstration made at once, I gave up that scheme and thought I would try their front, but on arriving below Windsor we met a man named Phelps, just from the other side of the Nansemond, below Suffolk, who informed Taliaferro and myself that it would be impossible even to surprise their first picket at the bridge beyond Suffolk, as they has lately placed pickets this side and so arranged the flooring of the bridge that at two or three minutes' notice they could drop it in the creek below. I then requested Colonel Taliaferro to send out a good company to Suffolk to pick up anything that might be around. He sent Captain Philips and 40 men, who dashed in town and captured 1 wagon, 8 fine horses, and 7 prisoners. I remained near Windsor until this morning, thinking they might follow Captain Phillips and party up and give us a chance at them that way, but they only came out about 6 or 7 miles and then returned.

I am sorry not to have a better report to make you, but it was about all that could be done. I am much pleased with Colonel Taliaferro and his regiment, and think they will do good service.

Respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

A. HERBERT,

Lieutenant Colonel, and Provost-Marshal Blackwater Line.

Major PICKET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

