
NOVEMBER 14-15, 1863.- Affairs on eastern Shore of Virginia.

Reports of Brigadier General Henry H. Lockwood, U. S. Army, and congratulatory letter from Major General Robert C. Schenck, U. S. Army.

BALTIMORE, MD.,

November 15, 1863 - 9.15 p. m.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The following telegrams just received.

DRUMMONDTOWN, VA.,

November 15, 1863.

A small party of raiders landed on the Chesapeake shore yesterday, but before they could get into the interior they were met by an equal number of my coast guard, by whom they were all captured, after the firing of one or two volleys. They are a part of a larger party, under Captain Beall, of the rebel navy, who are doubtless hovering about the coast somewhere; but my pickets and coast guard are on the alert, and will come up with them, should they attempt a landing.

HENRY H. LOCKWOOD,

Brigadier-General.

Since the above was written one of my coasting vessels fell in with the notorious Captain Beall himself, in command of another party, and succeeded in capturing him with his whole party, numbering 3 commissioned officers and 6 men. I think this will put an end to these depredations.

HENRY H. LOCKWOOD,

Brigadier-Genera.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE, EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Drummondtown, Va., November 16, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to forward the inclosed reports of the capture of John Y. Beall, master in the rebel navy, and his crew of 14 men, by Lieutenant John W. Conner and Sergt. Robert R. Christopher, of Company B, First Eastern Shore Maryland Volunteers, each of these officers commanding separate detachments, on the 14th and 15th of November.

This is a highly important capture. The officer in charge of the party is the same who commanded the attack against the gunboats on the Rappahannock River, which resulted in their capture, and admits that he was in charge of the party by whom the light-houses on this shore were destroyed and the government transports captured on the Atlantic coast. He further admits that the object of this raid was the capture of a steamer. The conduct of the officers before referred to is highly commendable. The party of rebels were captured in two detachments, one by Lieutenant Conner, the other by Sergeant Christopher; and each detachment, although much better armed than ours, was captured by an equal number of our men, which never could have been effected but by the bravery and determination of these officers.

I would therefore recommend that the major-general commanding recognize the intrepidity and valuable service manifested and rendered by these officers on this occasion by letter.

I would further call the attention of the major-general commanding to the status of these prisoners. They are unable to show anything which, in my judgment, would entitle them to be considered or

