
prudent not to pursue them any farther, as we were within 3 miles of New Market, and my horses were very much jaded. I rested for the night 2 miles this side of Woodstock. As the head of the column was passing through Edenburg about 20 rebels dashed out of the woods and fired into the advance, but did no mischief; one of my men seeing them have blue coats on dashed after them, and as it was dark he was captured.

Just before daylight on Tuesday morning, and as the column was about starting, we were again fired into by some bushwhackers, but no injury wa done, save the slight wounding of one of Cole's battalion; stopped at Winchester Tuesday night, and as we were about to start at daylight on Wednesday, some men fired from a house, wounding one of the First New York cavalry very seriously. Search was made and 4 men found secreted beneath the floor. I made them walk to camp barefooted; they belonged to Gilmor's command.

The result of the expedition was 27 prisoners (including 2 officers) with their horses and equipments, about 90 fat cattle, 4 barrels brandy, about 50 tents, 3 four-horses teams, and a quantity of tobacco and salt. Twenty-seven of the above cattle belong to Charles Moore, who has safe-guards from Generals Banks, Fremont, and Shields, but I took them to prevent the enemy getting them; the balance were contraband.

I lost 2 men killed, 2 wounded, and 5 missing. We killed a number of the enemy, but they succeeded in carrying them off the field.

Reached camp at 3 p. m., 18th instant.

I am, captain, with much respect, your obedient servant,

WM. H. BOYD,

Colonel Twenty-first Pennsylvania Cavalry, Commanding

Captain WILLIAM M. BOONE,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Dept. of West Virginia.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General John D. Imboden, C. S. Army, commanding Valley District, including attack on supply train at Burlington, W. Va.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,Linville's Creek, Rockingham, November 19, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the following operations of detachments from my brigade on Monday last, the 16th instant:

Major Robert White, commanding Forty-first Cavalry Battalion, with a portion of Gilmor's battalion, Captain Davis' cavalry company, Maryland Line, and a section of McClanahan's battery, was attacked at Mount Jackson by Colonel Boyd, of the Federal Army, in command of the First New York and Twenty-first Pennsylvania Regiments, and Cole's battalion Baltimore cavalry, and a section of artillery, numbering in the aggregate about 700 men. After a sharp fight at the town, Major White took position on Rude's Hill, and succeeded in repulsing the enemy very handsomely. Captain Davis with about 60 men pursued him 2 miles below Woodstock, where he

