
halted to encamp; but Davis, dismounting a part of his men, approached near the camp and fired into it after dark, when the retreat was hastily resumed, the enemy shooting a number of his own broken down horses to prevent their falling into our hands.

Major White has ascertained from the people of Mount Jackson that he killed 8 of the enemy and wounded 18; a part of the dead were left in our hands. We captured 11 prisoners and some horses.

Our loss, 1 lieutenant and 8 men, captured on picket; 1 man slightly wounded; 2 horses killed.

A Blakely 12-pounder gun was burst by Lieutenant Berkeley on the first fire. It was deemed defective when I first got it a few weeks ago.

The enemy got no government horses, cattle, or other property in this raid. They robbed a few individuals of watches and jewelry on the road, and took some cattle and horses from a Union man near Mount Jackson. They have returned to martinsburg and Harper's Ferry.

On the same day, 16th instant, Captain McNeil, in command of his own company and a detachment from the Sixty-second regiment, under Lieutenant Moorman, attacked a train of eighty odd wagons near Burlington, in Hampshire, hauling supplies to Averell, at Petersburg, and after a sharp fight whipped the escort of 100 infantry, captured and brought away 25 prisoners and 245 good horses, with all their harness, and set fire to the wagons, but probably did not burn them, as my men had to leave immediately to escape a large body (over 600) of cavalry.

They really captured over 300 horses, but the danger of recapture was so great that they only got out with 245. Captain McNeill took to the mountains, and by a wonderful march (for rapidity) escaped, though pursued by over 600 of Averell's best cavalry, his own force being but little over 100 men.

McNeill's loss, 1 man badly wounded; Moorman's loss, 1 mortally and 4 badly wounded. All our wounded were brought out except 1, who is probably dead.

I have dispatches two other parties to attack trains and hope for good results.

Lieutenant Todd, with his torpedoes, is in Hampshire, and Captain Lovett, commanding his escort, reported the way clear and expected to blow up the trains last night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. IMBODEN,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel R. H. CHILTON,

Chief of Staff, Army of Northern Virginia.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,November 25, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the War Department.

The report reflects great credit on the officers and men engaged.

R. E. LEE,

General.

