
NOVEMBER 16, 1863.- Skirmish near Burlington, W. Va.

REPORTS.*

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General Benjamin F. Kelley, U. S. Army, commanding Department of West Virginia.

Numbers 2.- Colonel James A. Mulligan, Twenty-third Illinois Infantry, commanding Second Division.

Numbers 3.- Colonel Jacob M. Campbell, Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 4.- Colonel Joseph Thoburn, First West Virginia Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 5.- Lieutenant Colonel Francis W. Thompson, Third West Virginia Mounted Infantry, First Separate Brigade.

Numbers 6.- Colonel Daniel D. Johnson, Fourteenth West Virginia Infantry.

Numbers 7.- Captain Clinton Jeffers, Fourteenth West Virginia Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Benjamin F. Kelley, U. S. Army, commanding Department of West Virginia.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Cumberland, Md., December 10, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward herewith official reports, exhibiting the circumstances of the attack on the supply train between New Creek, W. Va., and Petersburg, on the 16th ultimo and the action taken looking to the recapture of the property.

It was an unfortunate affair, and the conduct of the officer in charge will be investigated by general court-martial.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier General G. W. CULLUM,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.

Numbers 2. Reports of Colonel James A. Mulligan, Twenty-third Illinois Infantry, commanding Second Division.

NEW CREEK,

November 16, 1863.

SIR: I fight occurred this morning about 8 o'clock, 3 miles south of Burlington, between 300 of the enemy and two companies of the Fourteenth [West] Virginia and Second Maryland [Potomac Home Brigade], 100 strong, the escort of the train to Petersburg. The enemy captured a number of the horses, and injured a dozen wagons.

nine of our men have been brought in wounded, 2 killed. One of the latter is Lieutenant Hardman, Fourteenth [West] Virginia. The enemy hastened away so quickly that they left their wounded. I moved one of Campbell's regiments on their rear, and dispatched

---------------

* See also Imboden's report, p. 643.

---------------

