
mounted messengers to General Averell and Colonel Thoburn to intercept the enemy in the South Branch Valley.

Within the last few minutes a courier from the front informs me that General Averell has received information, and has dispatched ten or twelve hundred cavalry in pursuit.

I hope to report the enemy destroyed or captured before morning.

JAS. A. MULLIGAN,

Colonel.

Captain MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,New Creek, W. Va., November 16, 1863 - 1.30 p. m.

GENERAL: It is reported that 400 or 500 rebels attacked the train for Petersburg this morning about 7 o'clock, near Burlington, and captured it. I have dispatched messengers to Colonel Thoburn at Petersburg to send his cavalry into the Moorefield Valley. I have also ordered by telegraph Colonel Campbell's infantry to move from Springfield down the Moorefield pike. If you are, as I suppose, near Williamsport, I respectfully suggest that the enemy might be intercepted by you were to move east across Patterson's Creek Mountains, entering the Moorefield Valley by the Williamsport and Moorefield road.

Faithfully,

JAS. A. MULLIGAN,

Colonel.

Brigadier-General AVERELL,

Commanding Fourth Separate Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,New Creek, W. Va., November 23, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I inclose herewith official report of Colonels Campbell, Thoburn, Bruce, and Captain Jeffers, Fourteenth [West] Virginia, of the attack of the enemy under McNeill on our supply train near Burlington, W. Va., on the morning of the 16th instant. I also inclose copy of a communication addressed by me to General Averell, informing him of McNeill's movements, to which the general replied, from near the junction of the moorefield and Alleghany roads, that he had been apprised of the attack at 11.30 a. m., and had started a portion of his command to endeavor to cut him off.

Believing from the reports obtained that the loss inflicted was owing to a want of precaution, a want of skill, and a want of fighting, I have ordered charges to be preferred and forwarded against the commanding officer of the escort.

I am, captain, faithfully,

JAS. A. MULLIGAN,

Colonel.

Captain T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of West Virginia.

