
Numbers 3. Report of Colonel Jacob M. Campbell, Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding First Brigade.

SPRINGFIELD, W. VA., November 20, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: Your communication of the 19th instant, directing me to make a full report of the action taken by me on the telegram of the colonel commanding of the 16th instant, specifying the very minute when I left Springfield the distance marched, &amp;c., has just been received. In reply, I have the honor to state that I received the colonel's first telegram white at Green Spring, visiting the troops along the line of the railroad belonging to this brigade.

I immediately telegraphed Colonel McCaslin the message, directing him to act at once and order out the troops. I received the colonel commanding's dispatch at 2.10 o'clock, and at 3.30 p. m. the same day, November 16, 1863, the Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel J. P. Linton, two companies of the Fifteenth [West] Virginia Volunteers, Major Wells, and one section of Captain Moore's battery, were on the march. The second dispatch of the colonel commanding was received a few minutes after the command had left Springfield, and was sent to Colonel Linton by courier. Lieutenant-Colonel Linton Pushed on through Romney, having sent a detachment across the river at Hanging Rock, with orders to proceed on the west side of the mountain to Burlington.

Linton reached the junction in the evening, where he was joined by the detachment he had sent to Burlington, and then proceeded up the Moorefield road, on the side of which he bivouacked for the night. Early next morning he pushed on to near Reynolds' Gap, a distance from this camp of 28 1/2 miles, where he learned that the enemy had crossed near that place. He waited, expecting the cavalry would drive the rebels back in the direction of moorefield, having previously sent a detachment, with orders to proceed on in the direction of Petersburg until they met and communicated with our forces from that place. This detachment, following his instructions, pushed on to Petersburg, where they arrived at 12 p. m. the 17th, having traveled a distance from this camp of 46 miles, where they found Colonel Thoburn, who informed them that his forces had all returned and given up the pursuit. The detachment returned the same night and joined the main body near Reynolds Gap.

On the morning of the 18th instant, Lieutenant-Colonel Linton, having ascertained that the cavalry (Third [West] Virginia) had returned by way of Romney, sent a detachment out in the direction of Wardensville (and which proceeded to within 5 within 5 miles of that place), returned with the main body to camp, bringing in with him 1 horse and 1 mule, as was supposed, belonged to the train. The command arrived here at 11 a. m., November 19. Linton has seen nothing of any rebels during the whole march. The detachment he sent to Wardensville arrived here at 7 p. m., this 20th instant, bringing in 5 horses but no prisoners.

Total distance traveled by main force, 57 miles; by Petersburg detachment, 92 miles; by Wardensville detachment, about 90 miles.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. CAMPBELL,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

Lieutenant M. J. RUSSELL, A. A. G., Second Div.

