
Numbers 4. Report of Colonel Joseph Thoburn, First West Virginia Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

PETERSBURG, W. VA., November 20, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: On the morning of the 10th instant, the supply train from New Creek to this place was attacked by a party of guerrillas under Captain Mcneill, 4 or 5 miles this side of Burlington. The train consisted of 70 wagons, also some sutlers' wagons, and was under the care of Captain Jeffers, of the Fourteenth [West] Virginia Infantry, with a guard of 90 men, 50 under command of Lieutenant G. H. Hardman, of Fourteenth [West] Virginia, and 40 under command of Lieutenant edwards, of the Second Maryland (Potomac Home Brigade). The train at the time extended over at least 1 mile of the road, with the guard about equally divided between the front and rear, Captain Jeffers, with 10 men, occupying the center of the line. The attack was first made upon the advanced guard of 40 men under Lieutenant Hardman, who was killed the first fire, when his command broke for the woods. Firing commenced in the rear almost simultaneously, but by what was supposed a smaller force. The guard under Lieutenant Edwards succeeded in repelling this attack, and also saved the horses and wagons at the rear of the train. Captain Jeffers appears to have sent his men to the front, where the heavy firing was, and himself started for the rear. I refer you to his report, which accompanies this. Some of our men seem to have kept near the road and fired upon the enemy from behind trees, but it was of little avail, the enemy making their escape and taking with them over 200 horses and 4 prisoners, besides some 20 wagoners and negroes. We lost 2 killed and 10 wounded. The enemy's loss was 4 or 5 wounded.

A messenger from General Averell informed me of the disaster about 2 p. m., and notified me that he was sending one of his regiments and one battalion toward Moorefield to intercept and cut off the enemy's retreat. I at once ordered out all our available cavalry (about 100 men) and started down the South Branch to co-operate with him. General Averell's command arrived in Moorefield about half past 3 o'clock, twenty minutes in advance of us. Colonel Thompson, of the Third [West] Virginia, had marched out the Wardensville pike with his regiment, while Major Gibson occupied the town. I started Captain Greenfield after Colonel Thompson, with instructions not to rest until they heard from McNeil, and cut off his retreat, or until all the interesting roads from the direction of the South Branch were occupied. This would have cut off McNeill's retreat. Colonel Thompson went into camp before dark. Captain Greenfield, with his command, proceeded onward until he received what he believed to be reliable information that McNeill had crossed the pike at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, about 13 miles out of Moorefield. It was then 9 p. m., and with six hours of a start he thought it useless to pursue. He went into camp for the night and returned the next day. From a wagoner who made his escape at Brock's Gap, I learn that McNeil did not cross the pike until after midnight, and then passed within 600 yards of Colonel Thompson's camp. His force did not much exceed 100 men.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

J. THOBURN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant W. J. RUSSELL, A. A. A. G., Second Div.

