
Numbers 5. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Francis W. Thompson, Third West Virginia Mounted Infantry.

CAMP NEAR NEW CREEK, W. VA.,

December 5, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: On the 16th of November, as the brigade was marching from Petersburg to new Creek, information was received by the commanding general that a supply train has been captured near Burlington. This information was given by two soldiers who said they were sent by a lieutenant, who hear that the train was captured and driven off; that there were 1,500 rebels, bit on reflection said there were only 500. One of the men professed to know the country, and was sent by General Averell as guide, and was with me until the Ringgolds joined me; he belonged to that command. Being at the head of the column, I was ordered by General Averell to go in pursuit, taking the Third [West] Virginia Mounted Infantry and Gibson's battalion, in the direction of Moorefield, to pursue them vigorously, and subsist on the country, as we only had rations to last to new Creek. The command was kept at a brisk walk, and a trot when possible. Soon after leaving the New Creek pike, a blockade of timber was found to obstruct the travel. This was sufficient removed to enable the command to pass. The command arrived at Moorefield about 3 p. m. Gibson's battalion was left there to guard the roads in that valley, in the direction of New Creek. I proceeded with the Third [West] Virginia toward Wardensville. Night overtook us near the intersection of the North River pike, our horses having traveled about 33 miles and no feed since morning. The horses were just off of a fifteen days' raid, and many of them could not be kept up with the column. Supposing the enemy might be in the immediate neighborhood. I considered it impracticable to leave them behind. I halted the command to feed 1 mile down the North River pike, leaving one squadron to guard the Wardensville pike and sending one squadron 1 mile down the pike below camp. In half and hour after arriving there I was joined by the Ringgold battalion, commanded by Captain Greenfield.

It was decided on construction with Captain Greenfield that he should proceed with his battalion to the Grassy Creek road, 10 miles below the Wardensville pike, that being the road the rebels must take to pass teams over. After Captain Greenfield left it was believed that the rebels had crossed the pike at 3 p. m. that day, with horses only, they having crossed at a place where there were no roads. This was also the information received by Captain Greenfield, the rebels having eight hours' start before we found their trail. Owing to the worn-out condition of our horses, I thought it useless to follow them farther. The Ringgolds returned to Petersburg, via Moorefield and New Creek road. I went via the Grassy Creek road and Romney, arriving at New Creek on the evening of the 18th.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. THOMPSON,

Lieutenant Colonel, comdg. Third [West] Virginia Mounted Infantry.

Lieutenant L. MARKBREIT,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Separate Brigade.

