
Numbers 6. Report of Colonel Daniel D. Johnson, Fourteenth West Virginia Infantry.

PETERSBURG, W. VA.,

November 19, 1863.

SIR: On the 16th instant, while escorting a provision train from New Creek Station, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, to this point, a detachment of 1 captain, 1 lieutenant, and 50 enlisted men of this regiment, and - officers and 40 enlisted men of the Second Maryland Volunteers (Potomac Home Brigade) were attacked by Captain McNeill's rebel cavalry. The affair lasted about one hour, and occurred 3 1/2 miles south of Burlington, on the Burlington and Petersburg turnpike.

It becomes my painful duty to report the following casualties in this regiment resulting from this affair.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL D. JOHNSON,

Colonel.

LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

Numbers 7. Report of Captain Clinton Jeffers, Fourteenth West Virginia Infantry.

PETERSBURG, W. VA.,

November 20, 1863.

SIR: On the 15th of November, 1863, a train of wagons under my charge, consisting of eighty wagons loaded with quartermaster's and commissary stores, as well as a number of sutlers' wagons, left new Creek, W. Va., on their way to Petersburg, W. Va., and encamped that evening near Burlington, W. Va.

On the following morning we resumed the march at 7 o'clock, and the force under my command as guards consisting of 1 lieutenant and 50 men of the Fourteenth [West] Virginia Regiment and 1 lieutenant and 40 men of the Second Maryland Volunteer Infantry, I disposed of as follows, viz: I place 40 men in advance of the train, under command of First Lieutenant George H. Hardman, Company C, Fourteenth [West] Virginia Regiment. In the rear I placed 40 men under command of Lieutenant Edwards, Second Maryland Regiment Volunteer Infantry, while I took position near the center of the train with 10 men, of whom I threw forward between myself and the advanced guard, as a signal party.

About 9 a. m., as the center of the train was passing an old house by the roadside, near the residence of the notorious rebel, Pierce, the advance of the train, then making a short turn in the road in the road in the woods beyond, were fired upon by a party of concealed rebels. Lieutenant George H. Hardman, commanding the advance, being

---------------

* Nominal list reports Lieutenant George H. Hardman and 1 enlisted man killed, 6 men wounded, and 1 man missing.

---------------

