
killed instantly by the first volley, threw the advance into confusion, but being rallied by Sergt. Silas W. Hare, of Company I, Fourteenth [West] Virginia Regiment, they fell back from the road into the woods, skirmishing at the same time with the rebels, who now charged after them in overwhelming force. I immediately sent forward the 6 men remaining with me, and started back to bring up the 40 men under command of Lieutenant Edwards. I had gone but a few steps, however, when the rebels began to pour out of the old house near the center road, and immediately commenced a fierce attack upon the center of the train, while at the same time a body of rebel cavalry made an attack upon the rear guard.

The firing now became general along the whole line, and I, being cut off from communication with my men, was pursued by a party of rebel, and had my horse shot dead under me while escaping. About this time the rear guard fell back and took a position in the edge of the woods, from whence they kept up a rapid fire upon the fallen back and taken up position behind a fence, from which they kept up a spirited and telling fire upon the rebels, who were now busily engaged running horses off from the train and attempting to fire the wagons. The fire of our men, however, prevented them from burning but five wagons and injuring two others. About this time the rebels began to disappear rapidly with their plunder, which consisted only of horses.

When the fight first commenced, Captain A. L. Hoult, stationed at Burlington, hearing the noise of the firing, immediately started off to re-enforce us with the company of men under his command, but unfortunately arrived too late to participate in the engagement. His men, however, rendered valuable service in extinguishing the fire among the wagons.

From the best information I could gather the rebels numbered about 250 men, under the command of Captain McNeill, part cavalry and part infantry, while I had but 90 men under my command.

Our loss consisted of Lieutenant Hardman and 1 private, both of the fourteenth [West] Virginia Regiment, killed in the engagement, besides 1 missing and 6 wounded of the same regiment. Of the Second Maryland Regiment, there were 6 wounded and 4 missing.

The loss of the enemy I could not ascertain, but it must have been considerable. They left 1 of their men, supposed mortally wounded, in our hands.

Our loss in horses will probably amount to 150.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON JEFFERS,

Captain, Co. B., Fourteenth West Virginia Regiment.

Lieutenant H. G. JOHNSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

