
NOVEMBER 16, 1863.- Affair at Germantown,- Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General Michael Corcoran, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.- Colonel Charles R. Lowell, jr., Second Massachusetts Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Michael Corcoran, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS CORCORAN'S DIVISION,Fairfax Court-House, Va., November 16, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that a number of rebel cavalry have been hovering about this neighborhood during the afternoon and have captured 6 men, leaving 1 wounded belonging to Colonel Lowell's command, about 400 yards in front of our infantry pickets between the [Centreville] and Frying Pan roads. I immediately sent all the available cavalry in pursuit, but have failed to overtake them. I learn that the force who charged and captured the pickets numbered about 50. Your telegram in relation to the misconduct of troops at Burke's Station has been received, and will be attended to in person early in the morning.

MICHAEL CORCORAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant-Colonel TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff, and Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of Washington.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Charles R. Lowell, jr., Second Massachusetts Cavalry.

VIENNA, VA.,

November 17, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that a sergeant and 2 men of Thirteenth New York Cavalry were captured and 1 man wounded, on picket at Germantown, about 5 o'clock last evening. The testimony of the wounded man, and of a family living in sight of the affair, goes to show that 1 man in our uniform approached the vedette on the road, and while his attention was directed to a pretended pass, between 20 and 30 men in Union overcoats rushed out of the woods and captured the sergeant and 2 men, leaving a third wounded on the field. It is said that 2 of rebels were wounded. The party retreated at once up Little River pike.

Three parties of 50 men each were sent out, but failed to overtake the rebels. There were one or two alarms during the night, but there does not appear to have been any foundation for them.

I am, colonel, your most obedient servant,

C. R. LOWELL, JR.,

Commanding Cavalry Forces, Vienna, Va.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff.

[P. S.] - The man Binns arrived safely, and gives information which leads me to hope that an expedition to start to-morrow will be successful in taking some prisoners.

