
after examining the woods and creeks, and posting a strong picket guard, I camped for the night.

At daylight on Wednesday, the 18th, I marched five companies to Cricket Hill, and learning that an organized party was upon Gwynn's Island, with a brass howitzer, I at once crossed in boats, and after making a careful search of the island, succeeded in capturing 11 armed men, under charge of Acting Master Webb, of the rebel navy. Their howitzer had been thrown into the water and could not be found. After leaving the island and destroying some twelve boats and one sloop, also the barge which the prisoners had used to cruise about in, I returned to Matthews Court-House, arriving there at dark, and at once communicated with the gunboat, which was lying in East River, with the two companies under Lieutenant Gilchrist on board.

In here learned that a small force of cavalry was hovering about my rear, and intended looking for them in the morning, but on receiving, through Captain Babcock, your verbal orders to return at once, I marched my command to the river, and embarked during the night, arriving at Yorktown at noon on the 19th.

The result of the expedition has been the capture of 1 officer and 11 men, with their arms and equipments, 1 guerrillas unarmed, 1 blockade runner and 2 men from the rebel service home on furlough,t eh last 2 having been captured by Lieutenant Gilchrist. Over thirty boats were destroyed, also one sloop, which had been used for blockade running, and the barge which the party captured on Gwynn's Island had used for privateering. A lot of leather was captured and destroyed near the Piankatank.

The officers and men composing the expedition are entitled to great credit for the manner in which they conducted themselves, and for the promptness and alacrity with which they obeyed all orders. The march was long, and very fatiguing, but not a man evinced any disposition to complain, and not a single instance of straggling occurred. Captain Babcock did all in his power to promote the object of the expedition, and held his vessel in constant readiness to aid the land force if necessary. His efforts did much toward the success of the undertaking.

In conclusion, I would state that the regiment under my command, having returned without the loss of a man, is ready to start upon another expedition, if thought advisable, and I would respectfully suggest that if a force could be landed on the Piankatank River and sweep down through the country, more captures could be made, and very likely some blockade running could be put an end to.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. M. GUION,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding 148th New York.

Captain S. R. REYNOLDS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Yorktown, November 20, 1863.

This report of Colonel Guion, commanding late expedition into Mathews County, Va., is respectfully forwarded, being adopted as my report.

