
Great credit is due to Colonel Guion for his management, success, and careful execution of orders. Also to Captain Babcock, U. S. Navy, commanding gunboat Morse, for his zealous and efficient co-operation in every way in his power.

Respectfully,

I. J. WISTAR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Report approved.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

NOVEMBER 18, 1863.- Skirmish near Germanna Ford, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General George A. Custer, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, Cavalry Corps.

Numbers 2.- Brigadier General Henry E. Davies, jr., U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General George A. Custer, commanding Third Division, Cavalry Corps.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,November 18, 1863-10 a. m.

SIR: In obedience to instructions from the major-general commanding the corps, I sent 2 officers, with 60 men, to make an examination of the Rapidan River between Ely's and Germanna Fords. This party started at daylight that morning. While proceeding in the direction of Ely's Ford and between Germanna they encountered a large brigade of rebel cavalry, under command of General Hampton. Owing to the superior numbers of the enemy, my men were compelled to fall back until re-enforced by a regiment from General Davies' brigade, when the enemy were in turn compelled to give way.

They returned in two parties, one taking the road leading to Ely's Ford, the other going toward Germanna Ford. Both were closely pursued by the Second New York Cavalry and a portion of the Eighteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and by that time had been driven across the river. The object of the enemy in crossing the Rapidan, I believe, was to gather information in regard to our position, strength, &amp;c. Owing to fact that I did not receive the order for making the reconnaissance of the river until nearly dark last night, I deemed it advisable to delay the expedition until daylight this morning.

Very respectfully,

G. A. CUSTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,

Chief of Staff.

