
was a regiment of cavalry drawn up in a field on the right of the road, which charged them. The men retreated into the woods on the left of the road and skirmishes for some time but were obliged to fall back. The majority of them succeeded in reaching their regiment. In this affair Lieutenants Sellers was killed.

The Second New York Cavalry having reached the ground immediately advanced, driving the enemy's rear guard out of camp. At the forks of the road the rebels divided, one party going to Ely's Ford, and the other and larger portion to Germanna. In going to Germanna they endeavored to capture a squadron of the Fifth New York, on picket at that ford, commanded by Captain McGuinn. He had timely notice of their coming, and withdrew his whole command down the river without losing a man, returning when the enemy's column had passed. I have made every inquiry to learn the force of the enemy, and from no statement is it less than 1,000 men. All of the citizens place it much higher, as well as my own men and officers. Several citizens living miles apart, between whom there could be no collusion, have told me that General Hampton was in command of the expedition, and that they saw and spoke with him. I am aware that there is great tendency to exaggerate in forming estimates of an enemy's force in an affair of this kind, and the figures I give are 500 less than the lowest of any report made by competent persons that has been given me. That it was a movement of some importance and known on the other side, is shown by the fact that my pickets at Germanna Ford at daylight this morning perceived on the other bank a considerable force of cavalry and three guns in position. After the enemy had crossed these were withdrawn.

I do not consider that Captain Kingsland is deserving of censure in any degree for the result of the affair this morning. So far as I can learn, he did all that a vigilant and prudent officer could do with the force he had. he received two saber cuts while engaged with the enemy, and as I learned, behaved with bravery and courage. I have directed an investigation into the conduct of the officer commanding the reserves of his outposts, the result of which I will communicate.

The loss as at present reported is: One commissioned officer killed; 1 commissioned officer wounded; 2 enlisted men wounded; 51 enlisted men missing; 83 horses, 10 mules, 1 ambulance, 1 hospital wagon, 1 army wagon, 1 forge.

I would say that I believe the number of missing men and horses will be considerably decreased by to-morrow morning, as men are constantly coming in, who were cut off and saved themselves in the woods.

Respectfully submitted.

H. E. DAVIES, JR.,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain ESTES, Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,November 19, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded, for the information of the major-general commanding the Cavalry Corps.

G. A. CUSTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Division.

42 R R - VOL XXIX, PT I

