
NOVEMBER 21, 1863.- Expedition from Bealeton toward Thoroughfare Gap, Va.

Report of Brigadier General David McM. Gregg, commanding Second Division, Cavalry Corps.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,November 22, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the party sent yesterday afternoon in pursuit of the guerrillas who made the attack on wagons going to Fayetteville, hotly chased the party to within a mile of Thoroughfare Gap. At about 8 p. m., and when about to be overtaken, the guerrillas scattered to houses. A house in which it was down (admission having being refused), and 3 guerrillas were found. Of these 2 were captured and the other escaped by a back door. One of the captured guerrillas was badly wounded. Seven horses and 2 mules and some United States saddles and clothing were recovered. The party that was thus pursued was commanded by a Captain Turner. Mosby is off in the direction of Manassas, with the greater portion of his command.

I have to-day a regiment off toward Salem, where it is reported there is a nest of guerrillas. This regiment has for guide one of Mosby's men captured two days ago. The guerrillas Lucas, captured last night, has a certificate of membership in the Partisan Rangers, signed by Major Mosby. I hope Lucas will be brought before a military commission and be made an example of.

In the attack made by Mosby on our pickets at Warrenton four days ago, he had 5 men wounded.

The loss in the escort to the wagons yesterday was 3 men captured.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Second Division.

Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,

Chief of Staff.

NOVEMBER 21, 1863.- Affair at Liberty, Va.

Report of Brigadier General John C. Robinson, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, First Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, FIRST ARMY CORPS,November 21, 1863.

COLONEL: A body of rebel cavalry, variously estimated at from 50 to 100 men, attacked a train of three wagons and two ambulances on the way to the cavalry camp near Fayetteville, about noon to-day. The escort was driven into the picket post captured. Some 2 or 3 others were captured but escaped.

The Sixteenth Maine Volunteers was immediately sent out and

