
word sent to General Gregg, who ordered out a squadron of cavalry. The rebel force was dressed in our uniform and are supposed to belong to Mosby's gang. The animals attached to the wagons were taken off, but they had no time to rifle the wagons.

The men on picket behaved well. A fuller report will be sent as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. ROBINSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel C. KINGSBURY, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOVEMBER 24, 1863.- Skirmish near Little Boston, Va.

Report of Brigadier General Wesley Merritt, commanding First Division, Cavalry Corps.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,November 25, 1863.

COLONEL: Night before last the infantry pickets were withdrawn, and my right and rear consequently uncovered. The ill effects of this was experienced yesterday. Early in the morning yesterday 2 of Colonel Devin's vedettes on the extreme right were surprised and captured.

A party of some 17 that Colonel Devin sent out to recover the lost men and to reconnoiter, was attacked by a larger number of the enemy's cavalry, and lost some men captured by the enemy. Major Conger, Third [West] Virginia, was then sent out with 100 men, and found a company (60 men) of the enemy near Hazel River on the Sperryville pike. These were driven 2 miles beyond Little Boston, when they dispersed through the country. Major Conger lost 2 men wounded and 1 officer killed.

If the anticipated movement is long delayed, this position for my division, from lack of men to do picket duty, will be untenable without the infantry to picket toward my rear and right. Before it left, the division was picketing from 15 to 18 miles of front; now the distance is increased to over 20 miles, and as these parties that make dashes on our wagons and stores are small, from 50 to 100 strong, the country has to be well watched.

The infantry should at least return to its old position (it helped some there), if the move in contemplation does not take place to-morrow as anticipated.

Very respectfully,

W. MERRITT,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,

Chief of Staff.

[P. S.] - Nine men captured is the loss in Devin's brigade yesterday, besides killed and wounded.

