
NOVEMBER 25, 1863.- Skirmish near Greenville, N. C.

Report of Major General John J. Peck, U. S. Army, and congratulatory orders.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., November 28, 1863.

SIR: I hasten to say that on the 25th, Captain Graham, of the First North Carolina, with Captains West's and Graham's companies, Twelfth New York Cavalry, 40 men of Twenty-third New York Battery, and his own company, surrounded two companies of Whitford's battalion, numbering about 75 men, and captured 52 prisoners, killed a lieutenant and 4 men, with a loss of but 1 killed and 3 wounded. One hundred stand of arms, horses, mules, wagons, the camp, and a large amount of commissary stores were captured.

This command moved 65 miles in twenty-one hours, and performed one of the most brilliant affairs of the war. Colonel Pickett speaks highly of Mr. Horn, who acted as a guide. Official reports will be at once forwarded. The camp was near Swift Creek and south of Greenville.

Very respectfully,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

Major General BENJAMIN F. BUTLER,

Commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF N. C., Numbers 39. New Berne, N. C., November 28, 1863.

A striking and successful achievement has just been accomplished in the Sub-District of the Pamlico, and the commanding general is confident the troops of the entire command will wish to share in his own gratification at its results.

On the 25th instant, an expedition composed of details from the First North Carolina Volunteers, Twelfth New York Cavalry, and the Twenty-fourth [Twenty-third] New York Battery, under command of Captain George W. Graham, First North Carolina Volunteers (Captain R. R. West, Twelfth New York Cavalry, having generously waived his rank in deference to Captain Graham's familiarity with the country to be traversed), attacked a camp of rebels near Greenville, and, after a brief and gallant contest, more than 50 prisoners, 100 stand of arms, and a considerable amount of subsistence and quartermaster's stores fell into our hands, while but 1 of our men was fatally wounded.

It was an affair in which the sterner virtues of the soldier - patience and fortitude - were equally exhibited with gallantry and daring, but twenty-one hours having been occupied in all, and a march of nearly 70 miles having been performed.

By command of Major-General Peck:

BENJ. B. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

