
NOVEMBER 25, 1863.- Affair near Sangster's Station, Va.

Reports of Brigadier General Michael Corcoran, U. S. Army.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE,

November 25, 1863-11.40 a. m.

The following dispatch has just been received:

FAIRFAX STATION,

[November] 25, [1863.]

Lieutenant HUGHES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

The wagon-master in charge of teams hauling wood reports that 23 teamsters and woodcutters and 50 mules were captured between Sangster's and Devereux Stations, by guerrillas, at 9 o'clock this a. m.

JOHN BYRNE,

Major, Commanding.

I have ordered the two companies of cavalry under command of Captain Jackson to proceed to Centreville, to intercept them, and also three companies of infantry from Fairfax Station, and I am going myself to Fairfax Station to investigate the matter, from where I will report.

MICHAEL CORCORAN,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FAIRFAX STATION, VA.,

November 25, 1863.

SIR: I ascertain that the party captured this morning were wood-cutters, teamsters, &amp;c., under charge of Wagon-Master Hartsall. They were working on south side of railroad, about quarter of a mile therefrom. No guard was with the workmen, but the picket on the railroad would have heard any shots, had they been fired on.

George Mattock, who has charge of receiving wood at Devereux Station, says he applied to Mr. Hayes, wood agent, for a guard, but none was furnished. Wagon-Master Hartsall was not captured, and is now absent with the infantry from this post, to intercept the rebels, who are supposed to have gone toward Wolf Run Shoals. This gang of rebels are supposed to belong to Kincheloe, and to number about 25 men.

Some citizens have been arrested by the One hundred and seventieth [New York] Regiment, who are supposed to have given information to the rebels.

I think those workmen should be provided with arms, or be obliged to apply to the nearest infantry command for a guard when working outside our lines.

I will not leave the command to visit Washington till to-morrow afternoon.

MICHAEL CORCORAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[P. S.] - I have not heard from the cavalry sent from my headquarters as yet.

