
AUGUST 8, 1863.- Skirmish at Waterford, Va.

Report of Captain Samuel C. Means, Virginia (Union) Rangers.

POINT OF ROCKS, MD.,

August 8, 1863.

GENERAL: Captain Vinton, of Sixth Michigan Cavalry, has just arrived here. He reports leaving Harper's Ferry yesterday, and encamped at Waterford, 8 miles from this point last night, with 105 men. He was attacked at 12 o'clock last night by a large force of rebels, and fell back to this point; 50 men missing.

I know that there is a large force in Loudon waiting an opportunity to make a raid into Maryland. Send me the force, and I will clean them out. Strangers cannot find them. Send on Maryland side, keeping far enough from the Potomac not to let the news go over. Let me know when you send, and the sooner the better.

SAML. C. MEANS,

Captain, Virginia Rangers.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN.

AUGUST 9, 1863.- Skirmish near Welford's Ford, Va.

Report of Colonel John B. McIntosh, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, Cavalry Corps.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE,August 10, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to the general's request, I have the honor to state, that upon receiving his order to connect the left of my picket line at Welford's Ford with General Buford's pickets opposite Beverly Ford, I reluctantly gave the order to Captain Crowninshield, of the First Massachusetts Cavalry, commanding on the left of the line, to take a strong force over Welford's Ford, and connect his pickets with those of General Buford's.

Captain Crowninshield reports to me that he took 40 men over, drove away the enemy's pickets at the ford, and then sent a commissioned officer and 16 men from the First Pennsylvania Cavalry to find out General Buford's right and communicate with it. He had not been over the river much over ten minutes before the enemy came down upon him, 150 strong, and drove him back across the river. The officer and 16 men have not yet been heard from, and I fear they have been captured. Before I received the general's dispatch I had sent for Captain Crowninshield to ascertain more fully the particulars. He has not yet returned from picket, although his relief went out this morning. I beg leave to suggest that Captain Crowninshield's report, sent to division headquarters this morning, be forwarded to the major-general commanding the corps, with this statement.

Permit me to take this opportunity to reiterate my decided opinion that it will be very dangerous to have my pickets on the south side of the Eastham River, where they will be liable to be cut off almost any hour in the day, and where they will be in close proximity to a large force of the enemy.

