
Numbers 4. Reports of Major General John Newton, U. S. Army, commanding First Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,December 3, 1863.

GENERAL: On Thursday, November 26, in accordance with orders from headquarters Army of the Potomac, I advanced my First and Second Divisions, leaving the Third Division guarding the railroad from Rappahannock Station to Manassas. My orders were to follow General Sykes' corps, crossing the Rapidan at Culpeper Ford. On arriving there found General Sykes halted under orders from headquarters Army of the Potomac to await the advance of other columns over the bridges at Germanna Ford and Jacobs' Mills. When General Sykes received orders to advance, the day being far spent, I was only enabled to get one of my divisions across by 7 p. m. I conceived it proper to halt here, knowing I could overtake General Sykes by an early march.

Friday, November 27.- Started at 3.30 a. m., came up with General Sykes still in camp at the point where the old turnpike crosses the Germanna plank road. Nothing of note occurred except an attack of the enemy's cavalry on General Sykes' train, which, however, was quickly driven off by the advance of my troops. Before the head of my column had arrived at Parker's Store, I received orders from headquarters Army of the Potomac, through General Sykes, to hold my command in readiness to advance to the support of General Warren, at Robertson's Tavern, and to seek for cross-roads connecting with that point. I sent several staff officers on this duty, who, reporting to headquarters Army of the Potomac, received orders to move at once. I arrived in rear of Robertson's Tavern a little after 7 p. m.

Saturday, November 28.- The corps was aroused at 3 a. m. and put in position on the left of General Warren and Robertson's Tavern. Subsequently in the morning (about 7 o'clock), received orders to advance, still keeping to the left of General Warren. My troops marched in two lines through the woods to near Mine Run, where the enemy were discovered in line of battle ready to receive us. I established a picket line, with a little firing of the enemy, and remained in position there for the balance of the day.

Sunday, November 29,- An attack on the enemy being contemplated on the left and right, I was left in charge of the center with my own troops and a few who had been left of the Fifth and Sixth Corps. At 8 a. m., according to orders, cannonading was commenced along my front on the enemy. It was continued for a short time only. Subsequently, I advanced a light picket across Mine Run to feel the enemy and to reconnoiter the ground more thoroughly. The skirmishers very gallantry effected a lodgment on the other side, under a sharp fire of the enemy, losing in killed and wounded about 40 men. Under cover of this lodgment, I directed four bridges to be constructed, not knowing but what they might be of some ulterior use. After night, feeling that my picket line must be maintained very strongly or be withdrawn, I directed the latter to be done at 3 o'clock the next morning, first submitting my proposal to headquarters Army of the Potomac, which was approved, and the pick-

