
ets were withdraw at that hour to their former position on the north side of the run, the bridges being destroyed. The position of the enemy in my proper front was very strong, the approach to it being visible to the enemy for 2,500 yards, according to my estimate, and flanked on both sides by heavy belts of timber. There was, besides Mine Run, a ravine, difficult of passage (not visible from our side), raked by their artillery. The only possible chance of success in attacking it seemed to me to be to mass the troops under cover of the night and have their flanks strongly supported by the adjacent corps. Success at the best was only probable, and must have been attended with heavy sacrifice of life. This concludes the active operations of the First Corps. During the advance of the army, my column was never impeded. The column to which I belonged was always up in reasonable time.

Monday, November 30.- At 4 p. m. I left, pursuant to orders, for Germanna bridge, to cover the crossing of the Fifth and Sixth Corps.

Tuesday, December 1.- The recrossing of the army was effected.

Wednesday, December 2.- I was ordered to leave a brigade at Germanna Ford and to send another brigade to Mitchell's Ford, and afterward proceed with the rest of my troops to Stevensburg. The brigade left at Germanna Ford was afterward relieved by a brigade of the Sixth Corps.

Thursday, December 3.- Was ordered to take post at Paoli Mills, where I arrived at about noon, sending one brigade to Kelly's Ford, leaving two brigades here.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN NEWTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,December 4, 1863.

I omitted to mention in my report that the troops of my corps which were thrown across Mine Run carried the first line of the enemy's rifle-pits.

Very respectfully,

JOHN NEWTON,

Major-General, Commanding First Army Corps.

General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,December 4, 1863.

SIR: In answer to yours of this day,* I have the honor to report that the rifle-pits of the enemy carried by my troops were those occupied by their pickets of battle and not by main line. Could not ascertain their exact force, but know it to have been at least a regiment. A detachment of New York sharpshooters, with 200 men of the Seventh Indiana, did the principal work, aided by the Ninety-fourth

---------------

*See addenda following.

---------------

