
New York Volunteers. Enemy's Loss not known. We took some 14 or 15 prisoners.

Our loss was over 40 killed and wounded. Our pickets found on arriving at the crest there was another deep ravine in their front flooded with water, rendering the position already gained nearly an island.

Mine Run, in our immediate front, for men singly on foot, was impassable. They sank in water and mud nearly to their shoulders in crossing.

JOHN NEWTON,

Major-General.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 4, 1863-2.15 p. m.

Commanding Officer First Corps:

SIR: The major-general commanding desires to know whether the rifle-pits which your troops carried were not the small separate pits of the enemy's pickets and not those of his line of battle. Also, where these rifle-pits were, relative to Mine Run and the line of battle of the enemy as displayed the first day of our arrival at Mine Run. Also, what force of the enemy held them when your troops carried them, what loss you suffered in carrying them, and what loss the enemy suffered.

If you desire to make any corrections or additions to your report, please submit them and they will be added.

Very respectfully,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

Numbers 5. Report of Brigadier General Lysander Cutler, U. S. Army, commanding First Division.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIRST ARMY CORPS,December 3, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this division during the last eight days, in accordance with orders received from time to time from the corps commander:

The division left camp at Rappahannock Station at 6 a. m., on the morning of the 26th ultimo, and moved to Culpeper Ford on the Rapidan, where I encamped for the night. At 3 o'clock I moved across the Rapidan to the Germanna plank road, when I came up with the Fifth Army Corps, and followed across to the Fredericksburg and Orange Court-House plank road. Just before reaching the plank road, the train of the Fifth Army Corps, which was unguarded, was attacked by rebel cavalry at a cross-roads in the dense forest of that neighborhood. Hearing the firing, I ordered Colonel Robinson, commanding the First Brigade, to push two regiments through the woods to the front and repel them. He promptly sent the Sixth and Second Wisconsin, one on the right and the other on the left of the road. The Sixth soon came upon the enemy and drove

44 R R - VOL XXIX, PT I

