
them from the road, killing 2 and wounding others. They had, however, killed 2 teamsters, a number of mules, and run off about 20 wagons, and might have taken off the whole train but for the men I sent forward to rescue it. In the skirmish, the Sixth Wisconsin had 1 man severely and 1 slightly wounded.

After clearing the road of the wrecks of the train, I moved forward to Parker's Store, where I halted until 4 p. m., when I moved across to the old turnpike to join the Second Army Corps, arriving at 8 p. m. I moved forward at 3.30 a. m. of the 28th, and took position in line of battle, relieving a division of the Second Army Corps. At about 9 o'clock I moved forward in two lines, with a strong skirmish line, to find the enemy, the Second Corps moving on my right and the Second Division of this corps on my left. We came up with the enemy's pickets near Mine Run, and found the enemy in position. I immediately took the position assigned me in line of battle, and remained so until the afternoon of December 1, when I pushed forward a force composed of a detachment of sharpshooters from the First Brigade, commanded by Captain Shipman, and 200 men from the Seventh Indiana Volunteers, under Major Welsh, across Mine run, and dislodged the enemy from his rifle-pits and established my picket line far enough in advance to enable me to build two bridges across the run for the crossing of troops to attack the enemy's main position. I held the advance position until 3 o'clock the next morning, when I was ordered to fall back and destroy the bridges I had built. I should add that the picket line, composed of detachments from the Ninety-fifth and One hundred and forty-seventh New York Volunteers, and Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, moved forward with the sharpshooters and the Seventh Indiana.

I lost in the attack 3 killed, 33 wounded, and 7 missing (supposed to be killed or wounded).

At 4 o'clock of the 1st, I moved back to Germanna Ford, and on the 2nd to Stevensburg, thence to this place (Paoli Mills). Major Welsh, of the Seventh Indiana, and Captain Shipman, of the sharpshooters, are entitled to credit for their conduct. Captain Shipman charged the rifle-pits of the enemy, occupied by infantry, and drove them out, he being only armed with Sharps' rifles.

The conduct of the whole command was satisfactory during the campaign, both officers and men being at all times ready to respond to any call or to execute any order which they received.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. CUTLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel C. KINGSBURY, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 6. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John E. Cook, Seventy-sixth New York Volunteers, Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-SIXTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,December 5, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that this regiment broke its camp near Rappahannock Station at daylight on the 26th of November,

