
and marched with the Second Brigade to Richardsville, and bivouacked for the night between that place and Culpeper Ford, on the Rapidan. Early the next morning it crossed the river, and marched southward to the plank road leading from Wilderness to Germanna Ford, where the column headed toward Fredericksburg. passing wilderness, a more southerly direction was again taken until the plank road to Orange Court-House was reached, when the march was directed to the latter place. After a halt the head of the column moved northward again, and then in an easterly direction, finally striking the Fredericksburg and Orange turnpike, about 2 miles east of Locust Grove, where it bivouacked for the night. On the following morning it moved forward to Locust Grove, and took a position in the line in the woods south of the pike. Soon after daylight the brigade was formed in order of battle in two miles, the Seventy-sixth New York Volunteers (on the left), Fourteenth New York State Militia (in the center), and the Ninety-fifth New York Volunteers (on the right), under the command of Colonel E. B. Fowler, of the Fourteenth New York State Militia, forming the second line, and a general advance was made.

The enemy, having fallen back, was followed to Mine Run, where he made a stand, and a halt was ordered. It was now raining, and the regiment was soon posted in the woods at some distance to the left of the pike and a few rods behind the artillery. Here it remained during the 29th and 30th of November, and until late in the afternoon of December 1.

On the 28th of November, 1 officer and 45 men were sent out as pickets, and 45 more on the 29th. On the 1st of December, 3 officers and 135 men were sent out on picket, and about 4 in the afternoon the regiment started for Germanna Ford, and bivouacked at a late hour near that place.

Early the next morning, December 2, it recrossed the Rapidan and marched to Stevensburg, near which place it bivouacked for the night, and the next day marched to [Paoli] Mills, on Mountain Creek, where it went into camp. On the 4th, it moved to near Kelly's Ford, and there went into camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. COOK,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Seventy-sixth N. Y. Volunteers.

Captain I. N. BURRITT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 7. Report of Colonel Edward B. Fowler, Eighty-fourth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. FOURTEENTH REGIMENT N. Y. S. M.,Near Kelly's Ford, Va., December 5, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, as follows, the part taken by this regiment during the recent operations:

The regiment marched, with the brigade, from camp near Beverly Ford at 6.30 a. m. on November 26. Crossed the Rappahannock on pontoon bridge at Rappahannock Station, and marched to Richardsville, near which place the regiment bivouacked in a dense pine

