
woods at 8 p. m. Distance marched, about 15 miles. Aggregate of 230 officers and men present at morning and retreat roll call.

On November 27, reveille was sounded at 2.30 a. m., and the command marched at 4 a. m., crossed the Rapidan River at Gold Mine Ford on pontoon bridge, and marched via Fairmount Gold Mines, Germanna Ford, and Fredericksburg plan road, a cross road bearing southerly, and the Fredericksburg and Orange plank road to Carter's [Parker's] Store. Halted at this place for dinner. After which, marched, via wood road leading to Germanna Ford and turnpike road, to near Robertson's Tavern, and went into bivouac at 7.45 p. m. Distance marched, about 18 miles. Aggregate present at retreat, 222.

On November 28, reveille was sounded at 2.30 a. m. Marched at 4 a. m., and at 5.30 a. m. formed in line of battle on the left and perpendicular to the road leading to Orange Court-House. The brigade was formed in two lines. I was assigned the command of the second line, which consisted of the Fourteenth New York State Militia, Seventy-sixth and Ninety-fifth New York Volunteers. At 8.30 a. m., during a severe rain-storm, the line was advanced, our skirmishers driving those of the enemy before them through swamps, dense woods, and over two lines of the enemy's earth-works to Mine Run, where the enemy was discovered in force in a strong position, and line of battle was formed by the army on his front. At 5.30 p. m. 1 captain and 13 men were detailed from this regiment for picket. Aggregate present at retreat, 229.

On November 29, remained quiet in line of battle all day. No fighting except by the pickets. At 5 p. m. 1 lieutenant and 18 men detailed for picket duty. Aggregate present at 8 a. m., 225.

On November 30, aroused at 4 a. m., to be ready to march at 5. At 8 a. m. the artillery on our front opened fire, which was not replied to by the enemy. A 9.30 a. m., by order from General Rice, I advanced with this regiment to make a reconnaissance of the stream on our front. I deployed the right wing as skirmishers, holding the left wing in reserve, advanced to the stream, crossed it with the line of skirmishers, and advanced to the brow of the hill, driving the enemy's pickets from their pits. I found the stream to be impassable for artillery, columns of troops, or horsemen, but that, it being only from 10 to 15 feet across, and there being much heavy oak timber growing on its banks, it could be easily bridged. I held this position for about half an hour, when, the enemy's pickets advancing on my flanks in force, I was ordered to withdraw and join the brigade. In withdrawing my skirmishers, I deployed the reserve along the banks of the stream to protect their recrossing, and succeeded in making the reconnaissance and returning to the brigade with the loss of only one, Sergeant Cookson, of Company C, slightly wounded.

December 1, aroused at 6 a. m., to be ready to move at daylight. Aggregate present at 9 a. m., 226. Relieved by regiment of Fifth Corps, and at 4.45 p. m., with brigade, left Mine Run and marched via plank road to Germanna Ford, to cover crossing of Fifth and Sixth Corps. Bivouacked 11.30 p. m. Distance marched, about 10 miles.

December 2, aroused at 5.30 a. m., to be ready to move at daylight. At 8 a. m. crossed Rapidan river at Germanna Ford on pontoon bridge, and massed in woods near Culpeper and Fredericksburg plank road. At 12 m. marched via plank road, and bivouacked near Stevensburg at 4.30 p. m. Distance, about 10 miles. Aggregate present at 6.30 p. m., 229.

