
December 3, reveille at 7 a. m. Left bivouac at 8.30 a. m., and marched to near Paoli Mills, and encamped 11.30 a. m. Distance, about 5 miles. At 4 p. m. Major Head was detailed as field officer of the picket, also 18 men for picket duty. Aggregate present at retreat, 229, it being the same number present as when the regiment left camp near Bealeton Station, November 26, excepting one man wounded.

December 4, reveille at 6.30 a. m., and at 9 a. m., marched and encamped near Kelly's Ford.

Respectfully,

E. B. FOWLER,

Colonel, Commanding Fourteenth New York State Militia.

Captain IRA N. BURRITT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 8. Report of Brigadier General John C. Robinson, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIRST ARMY CORPS,December 3, 1863.

COLONEL: On the 22nd of November, this division was posted at Bealeton, Liberty, and Licking Run, and on the 23 it was concentrated near Rappahannock Station. At daylight on the 26th, it started on the march, crossed the Rapidan at Culpeper Ford after dark, and bivouacked until 3 o'clock next morning, when the march was resumed. About midnight I took up a position about a mile and a half to the left of Robertson's Tavern, and picketed one of the roads leading to the front.

At daylight I moved the division about 1 mile to the right, and formed on the left of the First Division in two lines, with a reserve of four regiments and a double line of skirmishers. In this order the division advanced to the line afterward occupied by the army in front of the enemy's works on Mine Run. At this time there were no troops on my left, but the Third Corps, coming into position toward night, relieved my pickets on that flank. The enemy's works in my front appeared to be strong, and between us was a wide open space, with ravines, through which ran two streams, Mine Run and one of its branches. On the 30th, I was directed by the major-general commanding First corps to advance my pickets across the stream in front, and build two bridges suitable for the passage of artillery and troops in column. The enemy's pickets occupied the crest of the hill immediately in front, and it became necessary to dislodge them. This was handsomely done by the Ninety-fourth Regiment of New York Volunteers, under Major Moffett, which advanced to the stream, exposed to severe musketry fire, crossed it, and, charging up the hill, drove away the rebel pickets, and took possession of the crest. Working parties were immediately set at work, who by night had completed two bridges, and were proceeding to build others, when I received orders to suspend the work, and, during the night, to withdraw my pickets to the position they occupied in the morning. The only casualties in the division are a few men wounded.

At 4 o'clock on the afternoon of the 1st of December, the division

