
was relieved by a brigade of the Third Division, Fifth Corps, and marched to Germanna Ford, where I took position, and covered the crossing of the Fifth and Sixth Corps, and the picket details of the Third, Fifth, and Sixth Corps. The division was then withdrawn, with the exception of 100 men, who remained until the bridges were taken up, and then came over in boats. About noon on the 2nd of December, I left the river and bivouacked near Stevensburg. The division left Stevensburg this morning and is now encamped, one brigade at Paoli Mills and one at Kelly's Ford.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. ROBINSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel C. KINGSBURY, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Army Corps.

Numbers 9. Report of Major General Gouverneur K. Warren, U. S. Army, commanding Second Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,December 3, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Second Army Corps, in the late movement, beginning on the 26th of November and ending on the 2nd of December. This I do in obedience to the circular of this date, which requires that-

Corps commanders will forthwith send in their reports of the part taken by their respective commands during the same, specifying any delays or obstacles they may have encountered.

At 6.30 a. m. of the 26th of November, the corps left its camp on Mountain Run, corps headquarters being at what is known as Berry Hill, and marched to Germanna Ford, accompanies by a battery of four 4 1/2-inch guns, and one of six 20-pounder Parrotts from the Artillery Reserve; also 100 cavalrymen, under Captain Schwartz, of the Fourth New York Cavalry, and a pontoon-bridge train, under Captain Mendell, of the Engineers. The head of our column reached the high banks at Germanna Ford at 9.30 a. m. Roads were rapidly cut out among the trees, and batteries posted, and all preliminary arrangements about complete, as far as they could be made without attracting the attention of the enemy's sentinels on the opposite bank, by 11 a. m.

About this time General Meade himself arrived, and directed a suspension of our operations till General French's command was heard from. About 1.30 p. m. we were authorized to go forward. No resistance was offered. The enemy's mounted sentinels ran away, and Captain Schwartz forded the river and advanced about 2 1/2 miles. General Caldwell's division immediately began to ford the stream and two brigades crossed the stream in this manner. The safety of the passage having been thus secured, the further crossing of infantry was delayed till the completion of the pontoon bridge on account of the deep water wetting the rations and ammunition. The artillery and ambulances continued to cross at the ford.

Captain Mendell had promptly begun laying the bridge, but was de-

