
layed more than an hour by finding himself one boat deficient in spanning the stream. This, as soon as possible, he remedied with a trestle. All the pioneers of the corps were put at work preparing roadways up the opposite bank, much difficulty having been encountered in getting up the hill. The infantry and artillery moved out on the plank road and encamped on Flat Run as directed.

At daybreak on the 27th of November, we moved out on the plank road, and turned off to our right about 1 mile beyond Flat Run, going as direct as possible for the old macadamized turnpike. Reaching this, we moved rapidly toward Old Verdierville, which was the point we were directed to gain, to be joined on the way by the Third Corps, near Robertson's Tavern. General Hays' division led the advance, followed by General Webb's and then General Caldwell's. General Hays struck the advancing enemy at Robertson's Tavern and drove them back along the turnpike. General Webb came up rapidly and deploying to the right of the road, drove them also along the road to Raccoon Ford. In doing this, Lieutenant-Colonel Hesser, commanding Seventy-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, was killed; this was about 11.30 a. m. The enemy, concealed in the wood which masked his force, extended his skirmishers to our right, and required dispositions to meet this which deployed nearly all my force.

Prisoners informed me that Rodes' division was opposed to me, and that Johnson's division was between me and Raccoon Ford. Upon communicating this to General Meade, who was near, and also that I had been unable to ascertain the whereabouts, or to yet communicate with the columns on my right and left, but that I was prepared to move forward and attack the enemy if he thought it best to farther advance the center - so comparatively weak, with the wings of the army separated not less than 4 or 5 miles from me - he directed me to wait where I was till reports were received from the right and left. A report from the left wing very soon came, and with it the sound of cannon where General Gregg's cavalry was engaged along the plank road. About this time also the firing was heard of General Custer's cavalry at Morton's Ford.

While awaiting information the enemy showed so much enterprise in extending around my right flank (during which Lieutenant-Colonel Joslin, commanding the Fifteenth Massachusetts Volunteers, was wounded and taken prisoner), that I was compelled to make a feint of a general attack by advancing my skirmish line. This brought on a brisk little contest along my front, in which Colonel Carroll's brigade behaved very handsomely, driving the enemy down the turnpike to his main line of battle, and capturing numbers of Gordon's brigade of Early's division.

Though it was impossible to say how much force was near me, the prisoners from two divisions of Ewell's corps, and the report that the other was near, required caution on my part. General Ewell was probably as ignorant of my real strength as I of that of his corps opposed to me, else, by rapid concentration, it was in his power to have overwhelmed me and cut our army in two. About - p. m. information was received that General French had met and engaged the enemy, and that his advance was checked, his distance being still some 4 miles from me, and his exact location uncertain.

About one hour before dark, when I could afford to venture, trusting to nightfall to cover me if I met superior force, I again advanced my skirmish line, strongly supported. The enemy resisted stubbornly and could be driven but a little way. The woods which

