
While waiting for supports to arrive, the enemy advanced a line of infantry to within 200 yards in my immediate front, at the same time opening a fire of artillery from one section. My order to advance was welcomed by a cheer from but sharp conflict, the enemy broke and fled in great confusion. The line was then halted. Occasional firing was kept up until 7 p. m., when a portion of the skirmish line was withdrawn to the woods in rear.

On the morning of the 30th, the brigade moved to the right, with the right resting on the Orange plank road, and remained there that night and the next day, December 1, until 8 p. m., when the brigade marched to our present camp on Mountain Run, crossing the Rapidan at Culpeper Mine Ford at 9 a. m. December 1, and arrived at camp at 5 p. m.

During the entire movement the officers and men of this brigade sustained the reputation they won on former occasions, and they returned to camp, after the seven days' march, without any stragglers or a single man missing.

I am much indebted to Colonel H. Boyd McKeen, Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, for the able manner in which he conducted the skirmish line. As in other engagements, he proved himself possessed of the high military abilities which make a good commander. Colonel Farrar, Twenty-sixth Michigan Volunteers, Colonel Fraser, One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Lieutenant Colonel K. O. Broady, Sixty-first New York Volunteers, are deserving of favorable mention. Lieutenant J. B. Hallenbeck, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Captain Keech, acting assistant inspector-general, displayed much gallantry while under fire, and were of great assistance to me.

I am, very respectfully,

NELSON A. MILES,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major HANCOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

Numbers 11. Report of Colonel Judson S. Farrar, Twenty-sixth Michigan Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SIXTH MICHIGAN VOLUNTEERS,December 8, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with circular of December 3, 1863, from headquarters First Brigade, I have the honor to report the account of operations of this regiment during the movement of this army from November 26 to December 3, 1863:

This regiment marched from camp near Mountain Run on the 26th day of November. On the 29th, the regiment was deployed as skirmishers and advanced until 3 miles, meeting and driving in the enemy's cavalry vedettes until we found the enemy posted on a hill covered with woods in front of their breast-works. After a short delay to enable the support to come up, this regiment, in connection with the Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers and the Sixty-first New York Volunteers, charged upon and drove the enemy out of the

