
woods behind their works, with small loss, a report of which has already furnished your headquarters.

Officers and soldiers alike behaved with bravery and coolness. I am greatly indebted to Major Saviers and Adjutant Church for their activity and coolness in conveying orders and bravery displayed under fire.

November 30, the regiment was held in reserve and until the night of the lst of December, when a portion of the regiment was posted on picket, and formed the rear guard during the return to the Rapidan the same night.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

J. S. FARRAR,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. B. HALLENBECK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 12. Report of Lieutenant Colonel K. Oscar Broady, Sixty-first New York Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-FIRST NEW YORK STATE VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Kelly's Ford, Va., December 3, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor of transmitting the following report concerning the part taken by the Sixty-first Regiment New York Volunteers in the recent operations of the Army of the Potomac across the Rapidan River:

We left this camp on the morning of the 26th of November last; crossed the Rapidan at Germanna Ford at about 2 p. m.; advanced to the first line of the enemy's breastworks; rested about half an hour; advanced in line of battle, crossing the works, until we came up to the second line of breastworks, when we again halted for about an hour, when we marched by the right flank and advanced about 3 miles on the plank road leading from Culpeper to Fredericksburg. We came to a halt on the right of this road, and bivouacked there over night. The line of breast-works which we crossed during the day had been previously evacuated by the enemy.

Early on the morning of the 27th instant, we again took up the march, Colonel Miles ordering me to deploy my regiment as flankers, covering the right flank of the brigade, and proceeded about 6 miles till we reached Robertson's Tavern, on the road toward Orange Court-House, where the enemy confronted us in force. Here I received orders from Colonel Miles to use the regiment as skirmishers, and, in conjunction with two companies of the One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers and a part of the One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, protect the entire line and right flank of the First Division.

About 3 p. m. Colonel Miles ordered me to cause a junction of the line of skirmishers of the First Division with; the right of the line of skirmishers of the Second Division, which line was then engaging the enemy's skirmishers. While thus connected, the skirmishers of the regiment forming the right of the Second Division line suddenly assembled at a double-quick on their left, thus breaking up my connection,

