
the remainder of the Second Division line at the same time working a quick left wheel. I at once ascertained the position of the right of the line and promptly moved up and wheeled my own line to the left, again securing a junction with the right of the Second Division line. During this maneuver, it being quite dark and the line moving through dense woods and underbrush, as it approached the right of the Second Division line, supposing, evidently, we were the enemy coming up on their rear. But as I had warned my own men beforehand of the line in front of us, the fire was not continued and no accident occurred. After we had effected the junction with the Second Division, we remained at a halt over night, and acted as pickets until about 6 o'clock the following morning, when relieved by a detachment of the Twenty-sixth Michigan Volunteers.

About 8 a. m., the 28th instant, we again advanced about a mile and a half, when we met the enemy holding a strong position in our front. Filing in to the right of the road leading to Orange Court-House, we halted there in the woods and deployed in line of battle. Here we bivouacked and remained inactive until early in the morning of the 29th, when we took up the march, by the right flank, passing around the enemy's left and front, and over to his right. After passing Robertson's Tavern, I received orders from Colonel Miles to deploy my regiment as skirmishers, covering the left of the front of the advancing column, the right of my line resting on the road by which the advance was made. Shortly after, having reached the contemplated railroad between Fredericksburg and Gordonsville, the greater part of the brigade having formed in one rank and in front of the advancing column;s, I was ordered to form my regiment in like manner, and, joined to the left of the Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, at the same time protecting the left flank of the line, advanced upon the enemy on the left side of the last-named road.

Driving in the enemy's vedettes and pickets before us, we advanced till within three-fourths of a mile of the breast-works of the enemy, on the enemy's right near Robertson's Cross-Toads, where he was fire, but without any casualties. Shortly afterwards a strong line of the enemy's skirmishers emerged from the woods, and suddenly opened upon us a sharp musketry fire. Immediately our line advanced and charged the enemy at a double-quick, throwing their line in confusion, and causing them to fall back precipitately almost up to the very crest of their breast-works. We remained here until about 9 p. m., without any farther advance. Occasionally shots were exchanged by the enemy. No casualties occurred in the regiment during the day. At 9 p. m. we were relieved by a detachment of the Twenty-sixth Michigan Volunteers. We fell back about half a mile, and bivouacked over night.

On the morning of the 30th, we changed position a little to the right of the railroad above referred to, deployed in line of battle, and bivouacked there until about 9 p. m. on the lst instant, when the regiment was ordered to take up the march and fall back to the rear with the rest of the troops, At that time I received orders of General Caldwell to remain at the front and withdraw the pickets of the brigade at 3 o'clock the following morning, Colonel McKeen, Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, being in command of the pickets of the whole corps. The pickets were safely withdrawn at the time ordered. Fell back, crossed the Rapidan at Ely's Ford,

