
and rejoined my regiment at about 10 a. m. on the 2nd instant. After about two hours' rest, the regiment resumed the march to the rear and reached this camp at sunset.

No casualties occurred during any time of the recent operations. Much praise is due to the men for their readiness to obey orders, and to their faithfulness to adhere to the regiment, during the various marches and countermarches, some of which were un;usually severe, particularly the one where we advanced in one rank to storm the enemy's right, during which- the regiment occupying the extreme left of the line, and the latter wheeling considerably to the right-the men had to double-quick almost all the while to keep up, and dressed over a distance of 2 miles and on very uneven and obstructed ground.

The company officers, the adjutant, and the sergeant-major also, deserve much credit for the energy and efficiency they manifested in the execution of their duties.

I have honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. O. BROADY,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Sixty-first Regiment N. Y. S. Vols.

Lieutenant J. B. HALLENBECK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 13. Report of Colonel H. Boyd McKeen, Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers.

CAMP IN THE FIELD,

December 3, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of my regiment during the recent movement:

The regiment started from camp on the morning of the 26th ultimo, and marched to within a mile of Wilderness Tavern and there bivouacked. Started, on the morning of the 27th, on a by-road and struck the old turnpike, along which we marched until the head of the column met the enemy near Robertson's Tavern. During the day the regiment held several positions, but was not engaged, the brigade being held in reserve; here the regiment remained during the night. The enemy having fallen back during the night the column again advanced, finding the enemy at Mine Run, strongly intrenched. The regiment remained in line during the whole day, 28th, and remained that night.

The corps having been withdrawn from the line at Mine Run at 6 a. m., 29th, the regiment marched to Robertson's Tavern, taking the cross-road to the Orange plank road. At this point the regiment was deployed as skirmishers on the front to the right of the road, and as flankers on the right flank of the line of march, covering the brigade. Upon reaching the Orange road the regiment was assembled and marched in column until it had passed New Hope Church, marching diagonally to the railroad cut on the left of the plank road. At this point the regiment was deployed as skirmishers (with no intervals) on the left of the Twenty-sixth Michigan, and advanced

