
until the line was halted in a ravine about 500 yards distant from the enemy's works. During this advance we dislodged a squadron of cavalry posted on a cross-road. While at this halt the enemy threw a small regiment of infantry into the woods in our immediate front and about 200 yards distant, from which they kept up a steady fire. The order being given to advance, the regiment with the whole line gallantly advanced under a steady fire from the enemy, without returning a shot, and upon reaching the crest the enemy broke and fled in great confusion. The line was here halted and a slight breastwork of rails thrown up along the line. For the space of an hour, a continuous tire was kept up by the enemy and returned by our troops.

It was at this point that D. J. Phillips, captain Company I, was killed, one of the bravest and best officers of my regiment, who had distinguished himself by great gallantry in every engagement the regiment had fought.

The line was relieved at 7 p. m., and marched back to the woods in rear of the line and on the left of the railroad. On the morning of the 30th, the regiment moved to the right and formed upon the left of the Orange plank road, and remained there that night and the next day, December 1, until 8 p. m., when the regiment took up the line of march for our present camp, arriving at Culpeper Mine Ford at 9 a. m., December 2, and at camp at 5 p. m.

During the engagement and march the regiment evinced the same courage and endurance that has always characterized it.

The casualties of the regiment were 1 commissioned officer killed, 1 commissioned officer wounded, and 5 enlisted men wounded, all of which occurred on the afternoon of the 27th ultimo.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. BOYD McKEEN,

Colonel Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Lieutenant J. B. HALLENBECK,

A. A. A. G., First Brigadier, First Div., Second Corps.

Numbers 14. Report of Colonel John Fraser, One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 140TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,

December 9, 1863

LIEUTENANT:Pursuant to circular, I have the honor to forward the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers in the recent operations against the enemy:

About 7 a. m., November 26, my regiment left camp near Berry Hill; about 2 p. m. waded across the Germanna Ford, and having successfully halted in order of battle for a short time in the first and second rebel lines of rifle-pits south of the Rapidan, finally bivouacked for the night in an open field on the west side of Germanna Ford plank road and about 4 miles south of the ford. About sunrise, November 27, my regiment resumed the march, and when three-fourths of a mile east of Robertson's Tavern was ordered to

