
halt and stack arms on the roadside. About 2 p.m. the whole brigade was advanced to support the Third Division against a charge which the rebels were expected to make. Having remained about an hour as support to the Third Division, my regiment, with the rest of the brigade, was moved to different positions on the north side of the turnpike, and finally bivouacked for the night in the open ground near Robertson's Tavern. At daybreak, November 28, Companies D and E, which had been thrown out as flankers in the morning of the 27th, and which, after reaching the neighborhood of Robertson' Tavern, had served as skirmishers, rejoined my command. About 7 a. m. my regiment was advanced along the turnpike to the high ground on the east bank of Mine River, where, with the rest of the brigade, it was formed in line of battle in the woods on the north side of the road. Here it remained till 5 a. m., November 29, when the whole Second Corps was moved to the extreme right of the rebel lines which rested at a point on the Fredericksburg and Gordonsville Railroad grade, about 12[?] miles from Orange Court-House.

When about 2 miles from the enemy's works, my regiment served as main reserve to the rest of the railroad grade. At about a mile from the enemy's works, Companies A and H were advanced to support the left of the skirmish line, and shortly afterward Company C was deployed as skirmishers to the right of the railroad grade. About 4 p. m. Companies F, G, and D were advanced to strengthen the skirmish line. About 5.30 p. m. Companies K, I, and B were put on picket, along with two companies of the Twenty-sixth Michigan Volunteers, to relieve the whole skirmish line of our brigade.

From November 30 till 8 p. m., December 1,my regiment lay with the rest of the brigade in order of battle between the railroad grade and the Orange Court-House plank road. About 5 p. m., December 1, 2 captains, 4 lieutenants, and 180 enlisted men of my command were detailed on picket and rejoined the regiment about 12 m., December 2, on the north side of the Rapidan, near Culpeper Mine Ford. About sunset my regiment returned to its old quarters near Berry Hill.

In all the movements and operations of this short campaign, both the officers and men of my command did their duty in a way that gave me great satisfaction.

The following is a list of casualties in my regiment.*

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, yours, respectfully,

JOHN FRASER.

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. B. HALLENBECK, A. A. G., First Brigade.

Numbers 15. Report of Colonel Patrick Kelly, Eighty-eighth New York Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., SECOND CORPS,December 11, 1863.

MAJOR: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to report that the Second Brigade received orders to march with the division on the evening of the 26th of November, and at daylight of the following morning broke camp and took the road in the direction of

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 killed and 2 wounded

---------------

45 R R-VOL XXIX, PT I

