
Germanna Ford, reaching said place at 10 a. m., and halting for two hours until the pontoon bridge was completed, when we crossed the Rapidan on the bridge and marched about 1 mile and halted at deserted earth-work. Skirmishers were then thrown out to skirmish the woods in front of the brigade. No enemy being found, the by the right flank, while flankers were thrown out sufficiently strong to protect the line of the brigade.

We advanced in this order 4 or 5 miles, and encamped for the night neat Flat Run Church. Next morning formed line at daylight, and marched through the Wilderness in the direction of the Fredericksburg and Orange Court-House pike, and encamped on the right of the road. Next morning, 29th, advanced by the right flank on the road a distance of about 1 1/2 miles, and encamped for the night on the right of the road. Next morning, 29th, moved with the rest of the division to the extreme left of the road, the Twenty-eighth Massachusetts Volunteers, under command of Colonel R. Byrnes, having the right and three companies of the New York battalions the left. The skirmishers advanced in good order, and in a short time came up to the enemy, when a short skirmish ensued, which resulted in the enemy retreating in confusion, closely followed by the skirmishers of the brigade. The next day, 30th, the brigade was detailed as guard to the division ammunition train. The skirmishers were relieved and the brigade moved with train to the rear, and remained with it as guard during the retreat on the night of the 1st of December. On the 2nd of December, we arrived in our former encampment, on Mountain Run.

In conclusion, I would state that the officers and enlisted men under my command conducted themselves to my entire satisfaction.

The casualties were comparatively small, 5 men of the Twenty-York Volunteers being wounded slightly.

I am, major, yours, respectfully,

P. KELLY,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major JOHN HANCOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 16. Report of Colonel Richard Byrnes, Twenty- eighth Massachusetts Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-EIGHTH MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Brandy Station, Va., December 3, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that this regiment broke camp on the 26th of November, and proceeded, with the Second Army Corps, to the Rapidan River, crossing at Germanna Ford at 3 p. m., same day, and encamped for the night 4 miles on the opposite side. Resumed march next morning, and proceeded to Robertson's Tavern, where we arrived at 11 a. m., and remained in line until 4.30 p. m., when we were advanced opposite the enemy's pickets, and remained in line of battle through the night. At 7 a. m., 28th instant, were advanced to the woods in front, but the enemy having retired, were

