
marched by the flank on the Orange Court-House pike, 2 miles toward Orange Court-House, where we were again halted, and remained in the woods until next morning. Were then marched to the right, and by cross-roads back to Robertson's Tavern, when we crossed the pike and marched to the left about 8 miles until we reached the plank road leading from Fredericksburg to Orange Court-House.

We advanced by this road in the direction of Orange Court-House until we came up with the enemy, when this regiment was thrown into the woods on the right of the plank road and deployed as skirmishers at 2 p. m., and advanced at 3 p. m. Became immediately engaged with the enemy's skirmishers whom we forced back, under a heavy fire of musketry, until we reached the crest of a hill more than half a mile from where we commenced to advance. Here we were ordered to halt, having been engaged three-fourths of an four with a loss of 5 men wounded, and remained on picket in this position through the night, and until 3.30 p. m. next day, when we were relieved and ordered to report, with remainder of brigade, as guard to the ammunition train. Here we remained until 9 p. m. on 1st instant when, with the remainder of the army, we marched back to the Rapidan, recrossing at 5 a. m., 2nd instant, and arrived in our present position at 2 p. m., same day.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD BYRNES,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant MILES McDONALD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 17. Report of Captain Thomas Touhy, Sixty-third New York Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-THIRD REGIMENT N. Y. S. VOLS.,December 3, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this command in the late movements:

Left camp near Brandy Station and crossed the Rapidan by way of Germanna Ford. Bivouacked in open field about 5 miles from Chancellorsville. On the 27th, marched part of the day and bivouacked in field near Robertson's Cross-Roads. On the 28th, marched at daylight by a circuitous route and reached the plank road leading to Gordensville, threw out skirmishers, with rest of brigade, drove the enemy back, and bivouacked in open field on the right of said road. On the 30th, was detailed as wagon guard, and bivouacked in field; weather extremely cold. December 1, commenced to retreat; marched all night and encamped on former encampment ground near Mountain Run.

During operations, the battalion lost none in killed or wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS TOUHY,

Captain.

Lieutenant MILES McDONALD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

