
mission to do so); Private Thomas H. Privitt, First North Carolina Volunteers, home on furlough, and Private Lemuel Sawyer, First North Carolina Volunteers, with authorization to raise a company of eight mounted or dismounted rangers.

From thence to Hertford, where I arrested Colonel Joseph G. Granbery and Lieutenant Colonel Charles W. Wood, of Fourth North Carolina Militia. I learned the regiment was ordered to muster ont he 20th of August, and deemed proper to arrest them; also two citizens, John T. Leary and a man named Jennings. The first just released from Suffolk, and since that time taking up free negroes and running them across the lines; the other caught endeavoring to escape into the woods, supposed to be a messenger of guerrillas.

On the route I destroyed about 100 shotguns and rifles.

From Hertford to Elizabeth City and South Mills, having a number of skirmishes with the rangers, and driving them into the swamps, where they have hiding places known only to the initiated.

My command reached camp on the 19th, having been absent eight days and marching 160 miles by roads, not including scouring by-roads and woods.

Casualties: One man killed by guerrillas, 1 wounded in hand, and 1 man accidentally killed by shooting himself; also 2 horses killed by guerrillas.

These bands can only be entirely destroyed by having a force stationed at either Edenton or Hertford, as a long time is required to learn their haunts. One regiment of cavalry and one of infantry stationed at Edenton would destroy the bands of rangers, and reclaim all the counties this side the Chowan, and bring them back into the Union. The Union sentiment is astonishingly strong, but cannot be openly expressed by the people, as they are in constant fear of the guerrillas who plunder indiscriminately.

The people are suffering much for want of salt, as they cannot obtain supplies across the Chowan, as the so-called Confederate Government say they are within our lines, and they are entirely without protection.

The list of captured animals will be sent in as soon as I get reports from regimental commanders.

I am, captain, respectfully, &amp;c.,

B. F. ONDERDONK,

Colonel, Mounted Rifles, Commanding Expedition.

Captain HAZARD STEVENS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Major Franklin A. Stratton, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry.

NEAR PORTSMOUTH, VA.,

August 20, 1863.

COLONEL: Pursuant to orders, in command of companies G, I, and K, comprising 120 men of the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, I proceeded, on the evening of the 11th instant, by the Suffolk road, to the Town Point Fork, where I joined the rest of the expedition-

