
Our casualties were 1 private, Michael Graham, Company B, slightly wounded.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

DENIS F. BURKE,

Captain, Commanding Battalion.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Second Brigade.

Numbers 20. Report of Captain Garrett Nowlen, One hundred and sixteenth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 116TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,December 9, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to forward the following report of the part taken by my command during the recent operations on the south side of the Rapidan:

The battalion left camp near Brandy Station on the morning of the 26th ultimo, crossed the Rapidan at Germanna Ford, and bivouacked for the night about 3 miles from the ford. November 27, advanced with the division, following up the enemy to their fortifications at Mine Run. On the 29th, we marched in front of the enemy till the morning of the 30th, when the battalion, together with part of the brigade, were ordered to guard the ammunition train. On the evening of the 1st instant, we marched with the train, acting as guards and flankers, and recrossed the Rapidan at Culpeper Ford, on the morning of the 2nd instant, and returned to our former camp near Brandy Station.

My command were not under fire and met with no loss.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GARRETT NOWLEN,

Captain, Commanding 116th Pennsylvania Volunteers.

MILES McDONALD,

Lieutenant, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 21. Report of Colonel James A. Beaver, One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., SECOND CORPS,Camp near Stevensburg, Va., December 5, 1863.

MAJOR: In transmitting the reports of regimental commanders of the recent operations which I have the honor to inclose, I cannot do more than recapitulate the facts therein set forth.

Leaving our camp on Mountain Run, on the morning of the 26th of November ultimo, at 6.30 a. m., in obedience to orders received the night previous, the brigade led the advance to Germanna Ford. When near the ford, the Fifty-seventh New York Volunteer Regiment,

