
under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Chapman, was deployed as skirmishers and advanced to the river bank, the balance of the brigade moving forward to support them in case of emergency. No opposition being made to the crossing of the brigade, crossed on the pontoon bridge in rear of the division. After crossing the river, we resumed our place in the column and advanced ad far as Flat Run, where we bivouacked for the night. Resumed the march at 8 a. m. on the morning of the 27th, throwing out flankers on our right, and reaching Robertson's Tavern about 10 a. m. We remained under arms during the day, and in the evening moved up to the immediate support of the Second Division.

On the morning of the 28th, we advanced about a mile toward Orange Court-House and formed line in rear of the First and Fourth Brigades. A steady rain most of the day made it very disagreeable for the men.

Marched back to Robertson's Tavern on the morning of the 29th, and by turning to the right soon came to the plank road leading from Fredericksburg to Orange Court-House. Deploying the Fifty-seventh

New York Regiment as skirmishers in our front, we drove the enemy's skirmishers, by 4 p. m., to within a few hundred yards of their intrenched position. On the morning of the 30th, the brigade, being then on the left of the plank road, was moved to the right of the road, to relieve the Third Brigade of the Second Division. After relieving their pickets and those of the Second Brigade of our division, it was discovered that we had more then 900 men on picket duty, which was in part occasioned by the fact that I was compelled to extend my line so as to connect with the First Division of the Third Corps.

We remained in this position until the evening of the 1st instant, a portion of our picket line having been relieved by the First Brigade, when we marched at 8 o'clock, crossing the Rapidan at 8 o'clock of the morning of 2nd, and reached our old camping ground about 4 p. m. Our pickets, which had remained at their posts when we marched in the evening of the 1st, rejoined us just after crossing the river.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. BEAVER,

Colonel 148th Pennsylvania Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Major JOHN HANCOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division, Second Corps.

Numbers 22. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles G. Freudenberg, Fifty-second New York Infantry.

HDQRS. FIFTY-SECOND REGIMENT N. Y. VOLS.,

CAPTAIN: In compliance with general orders received from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to state that this regiment left the camp ground, November 26, and marched with the brigade without interruption. The regiment crossed the Rapidan and was on picket December 1 and 2. during which time 3 men were wounded, the

