
names of whom are below stated.* The regiment had no particular engagement and recrossed the Rapidan again with the brigade, reaching the old camp ground, December 2, about 3 p. m.

I remain, very respectfully, yours,

C. G. FREUDENBERG.

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fifty-second Regiment N. Y. Vols.

Captain SAMUEL R. BEARDSLEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 23. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Alford B. Chapman, Fifty-seventh New York Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTY-SEVENTH N. Y. VOL. INFANTRY,Camp near Stevensburg, Va., December 4, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the recent operations:

Upon arrival at Germanna Ford, on the Rapidan, on the afternoon of the 26th of November, I was directed to deploy my command on the banks of the river, to aid in the laying of the pontoon bridge. As no opposition to the crossing was made, our services were not called into requisition, and I rejoined the brigade. In the movements then ensuing my regiment took no prominent part until the 29th, when I was ordered to drive in the enemy's skirmishers, and develop their position on the Fredericksburg turnpike, approaching Verdierville. Details from the Second and Fourth Brigades were added to my command, and that portion of the line extending from the turnpike, on the right, to the unfinished railroad, on the left, was placed in my charge. Although the enemy were aided by artillery, their skirmishers were steadily driven in to within a few hundred yards of their intrenched position until the following morning, when I was relieved by details from General Prince's division of the Third Corps, and rejoined the division. Nothing of importance occurred until the return of the army to this side of the river. I send herewith a list of casualties.+

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. CHAPMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fifty-seventh N. Y. Vols.

Captain SAMUEL R. BEARDSLEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 24. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John S. Hammell, Sixty-sixth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-SIXTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Near Mountain Run, Va., December 4, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with circular of this date, I have the honor to report that this regiment broke camp near Mountain Run, Va.,

---------------

* List omitted.

+ Embodied in revised statement, p. 679.

---------------

