
at 6.30 a. m., Thursday, November 26, 1863,and marched to and crossed the Rapidan River, on pontoons laid at Germanna Ford. Reached Flat Run Church that night and bivouacked. November 27, marched to Robertson's Cross-Roads, where we bivouacked. On Sunday evening bivouacked near White Hall [New Hope] Church.

At 11.15 a. m., November 30, the Sixty-sixth was sent, with a detachment of 400 men of the One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, the whole under command of John S. Hammell, lieutenant-colonel, commanding Sixty-sixth New York Volunteers, to picket along the front of Third Brigade, and within full view of the enemy. We remained on this service until 8 p. m., Tuesday, December 1, when we were relieved and rejoined the brigade on its march toward the Rapidan, which we crossed at Culpeper Ford on Wednesday morning, December 2, and marched to our former camp, near Mountain Run, in the afternoon of that day.

The only casualty reported is that of Private Peter Altenstater, Company A, who received a rifle shot while on picket, the ball passing through the outer palmer portion of the right hand.

I am, captain, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JNO. S. HAMMELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdy. Sixty-sixth N. Y. Vols.

Captain SAMUEL R. BEARDSLEY,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigade, First Division.

Numbers 25. Report of Lieutenant Colonel George A. Fairlamb, One hundred and Forty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 148TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,December 3, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders, I have the honor to report the part taken in the recent movement by the One hundred and forty-eighth Regiment under my command.

At 6 in the morning, 26th of November, we broke camp near Paoli Mills, Culpeper County. Va., marched to the Rapidan River, which we crossed at Germanna Ford, and camped for the night near Flat Run, Spotsylvania County. Next morning, the 27th of November, at 7 a. m., the regiment moved; 120 men, under Captain Patterson, were detailed to act as flankers to the brigade. The regiment was then employed until 10 a. m. making corduroy road to enable the artillery to pass, after which we began our march to join the brigade, which we reached at 1 p. m., on the Orange Court-House road.

On the 28th, began march at 8 a. m., our flankers joining the regiment. We moved about 1 1/2 miles, taking up a position in line of battle east of Black Walnut Run. November 29, at 5.30 a. m., we began march, passing Robertson's Tavern, on the plank road, moving in a southwest direction past the white church [New Hope], and camping for the night on the left of the main road leading toward Orange Court-House.

On Monday, 30th of November, we marched at 1 a. m. to relieve Morehead's brigade, of the Second Division, on picket near Verdierville. Companies A, C, D, E, G, and K were sent on the picket line under command of Major R. H. Forster; Company I, under

