
Lieutenant McGuire, was sent forward to relieve a portion of the Twenty-eighth Massachusetts, the remainder of the regiment camping about 300 yards eastward of the skirmish line.

December 1, Companies H, B, and F were ordered, in the evening, with several companies of the Fifty-second New York Regiment, to relieve the picket line. At 7 p. m. the other companies came in with Major Forster, and at 8 we marched with the brigade, reaching Culpeper Ford, on the Rapidan River, at 7 o'clock the next morning, 2nd of December. After crossing we halted an hour on the north at our old camp near Paoli Mills.

Though the regiment was much exposed on the skirmish line, no casualties occurred.

All of which I have the honor to report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. A. FAIRLAMB,

Lieutenant-Colonel 148th Regiment Pa. Vols. Commanding

Captain SAMUEL R. BEARDSLEY, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 26. Report of Colonel John R. Brooke, Fifty-third Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Fourth Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH BRIGADE,December 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of my brigade commencing November 26 and ending December 2, 1863:

On the 26th of November, agreeably to orders from the general commanding division, my command marched out upon the Germanna Ford road, following the Third Brigade, Colonel Beaver commanding. Early in the day we arrived near Germanna Road, where, halting in the woods, we waited for several hours before the order was given to cross the river. About 1.30 p. m. General Caldwell gave me the order to move down the road and cross the river, which was immediately done. The men in wading the river, which was deep and swift, lost a considerable quantity of their five days' rations with which we were supplied, also some ammunition. Upon arriving on the opposite side, I immediately took position in the enemy's abandoned of the corps. About 4 p. m. moved forward about 2 miles and bivouacked for the night. At sunrise the following morning moved upon Robertson's Tavern. Arriving near this place, it became evident that the enemy was disposed to dispute the advance of the Third Division, which was the advance of the corps. I was ordered to report to General Hays, commanding Third Division. I received orders from him to support the right of his line, which I did. The enemy stubbornly resisted every effort of our skirmishers to press them bach, until the brigade of Colonel Carroll, making a rush, forced them from their position about sundown.

On the following morning, 28th ultimo, moved forward on the turnpike leading to Orange Court-House, forming a line on the right of Second Division, which was formed on the right of the pike,and

