
remained in this position until daylight on the following, when we moved, by way of Robertson's Tavern, to the left of the position occupied by the army an Mine Run. After advancing up the Orange and Fredericksburg plank road about 3 miles beyond New Hope Church, we came upon the enemy's skirmishers and drove them back, developing their position. The Fifty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers being deployed as skirmishers, the Second Delaware Volunteers were thrown out about nightfall to extend the skirmish line. The One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, which had been sent out to relieve a party of Colonel Miles' brigade, to enable him to strengthen his front line, were withdrawn and placed in bivouac with the remainder of the brigade, about 200 yards in rear of the skirmish line. During the evening I was told by the general commanding that the grand assault was to be made on the enemy's position in our front at 8 a. m. on the 30th, and that the First Division, Second Corps, would support the attack. At 6 a. m. I moved my brigade, according to previous instructions, and formed line about 200 yards in rear of the assaulting column on the left of the plank road. At 8 a. m. the signal guns were fired on the right flank of the army, which was the signal for the general assault. Everything was in readiness, but the grand assault was not made.

About 2 p. m. the general commanding division directed me to move forward and report to General Carr, commanding Third Division, Third Corps. On reporting to General Carr, he directed me to relieve his front line and skirmishers, which I did. I occupied this line, which was directly to the left of the plank road, fortifying the position so as to be able to resist the attack of the enemy if made. After dark, December 1, I received orders to march to the rear upon the plank road, and, following the column by way of the plank road and Culpeper Mine road, crossed the Rapidan at Culpeper Mine, reaching camp about sundown, December 2.

During this short but severe campaign the casualties in my command were but few, a full report of which has already has already been made.*

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN R. BROOKE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major JOHN HANCOCK, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 27. Report of Colonel William P. Baily, Second Delaware Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DELAWARE VOLUNTEERS,December 3, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following as the movements of the Second Regiment Delaware Volunteer Infantry in the late operations of the army:

The regiment broke camp at daylight on the morning of the 26th instant, and marched with the brigade, crossing the Rapidan at Germanna Ford, and the same night encamped at Flat Run. On the morning of the 27th instant, it moved to Robertson's Tavern, where it encamped until the morning of the 28th instant, when it moved forward toward the enemy, taking position on the right of the brigade, where it remained until the morning of the 29th instant, and

---------------

* Embodied in revised statement, p. 679.

---------------

