
moved on the morning of the 30th, with the brigade, passing Robertson's Tavern, to rear of Barbersville [Verdierville?]. About 4 o'clock the same afternoon received orders from Colonel Brooke, commanding brigade, to deploy as skirmishers and move toward the enemy, my left resting on the railroad, which I did, under a brisk fire from the rebel battery and sharpshooters, until my right connected with the left of the Fifty-third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers skirmishers. I had two casualties.

I remained in this position until the morning of the 30th, when I was relieved by skirmishers from the Second Division of the Second Corps. I then took position with the brigade in the woods to the left of the plank road, where I remained until night of the 1st instant, and then marched to Culpeper Ford, from thence to the former camp of the regiment, near Berry Hill, Va., where I arrived about 5 o'clock on the evening of the 2nd instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. P. BAILY,

Colonel Second Delaware Volunteers, Commanding.

Lieutenant CHARLES P. HATCH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 28. Report of Major Leman W. Bradley, Sixty-fourth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-FOURTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Berry Hill, near Brandy Station, Va., December 5, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the proceedings of the Sixty-fourth Regiment New York Volunteers during the late operations near Robertson's Tavern, Va.:

The regiment left camp neat Brandy Station, Va., November 26, 1863, at 6.30 a. m., leading the brigade, which moved to Germanna Road. At 2 p. m., the pontoons not being laid, we forded the river, the water being breast high, at the head of the brigade, leading the First Division, Second Corps. After crossing the river, by order of Colonel Brooke, commanding the brigade, Companies A, C, E, and F were detached, and, under command of Captain W. W. Wait, were sent out to the left and front to reconnoiter. The regiment was then drawn up in line of battle in front of the abandoned breast-works of the enemy. An inspection was had, and such ammunition as was damaged by water was destroyed. At about 3 p. m. the regiment moved with the brigade on the plank road about 2 miles, and bivouacked.

On the morning of the 27th, at daylight, we marched with the brigade to Robertson's Tavern, at which place the enemy was found, and we were drawn up in line of battle with the brigade to support the skirmish line. We remained under arms until dark, when the men were permitted to stack arms, build fires, and bivouac. At 9 a. m. of the 28th, we moved with our brigade, which was detached from the First Division, and placed on the right of the Second Division, to support the skirmish line. During the skirmishing and shelling from the enemy the regiment was kept under arms. At night a strong guard was placed over the stacks, and the men allowed to bivouac.

