
On the morning of the 29th, at daylight, the regiment moved with the brigade to Robertson's Tavern, thence to the plank road leading from Fredericksburg to Orange Court-House, when, with the brigade, it was formed in line of battle to support the skirmish line. Lieutenant Roller,commanding Company D, was detached, by order of Colonel Brooke, and deployed to the left as skirmishers. Several shells were thrown over us by the enemy's battery, about one-half a mile distant. The shelling having ceased, we took our position in line of battle. At dark we were sent to relieve the Fifty-third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, which was on picket very near the enemy's breast-works, where we remained until the morning of the 30th, when we were relieved by the advancement of the Second Division. I then marched the regiment half a mile back and formed line on the left of the plank road.

At about 1.30 p. m. the regiment moved forward with the brigade about half a mile and halted. I was then ordered to relieve the Eighty-seventh Regiment New York Volunteers, of the Third Corps, who were on picket. While relieving we were fired on by the enemy, and greatly annoyed during the day by his sharpshooters. We had 1 man killed and 2 wounded.

At desk we were relieved by Major Lynch, with a detachment from the One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, when the line was partly relieved. We received a volley from the enemy, who had advanced. The right of the line, which was in an exposed position, fell back through an opening under cover of the timber. A new line was run out on the right, straightening the line and connecting with the Third Brigade on the plank road. My command being relieved I joined the brigade, which lay in line of battle about 150 yards in rear of the skirmish line, when we bivouacked for the night.

Tuesday, December 1, we built breast-works. That night at 8 o'clock we received orders to form on the plank road left in front, which we did, and were marched to the rear with the brigade. We marched all night and crossed the Rapidan on a pontoon brigade at Culpeper Ford at 10 a. m. of the 2nd instant. Here we halted two hours and cooked breakfast, after which we took up the line of march in the direction of Brandy Station, arriving at our old camp at Berry Hill at dark, when we were ordered into camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. W. BRADLEY,

Major, Commanding.

Lieutenant CHARLES P. HATCH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 29. Report of Captain Archibald F. Jones, Fifty-third Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTY-THIRD PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Brandy Station, Va., December 4, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor of submitting the following report of the operations of this regiment in the late movement across the Rapidan:

On the morning of November 26, 1863, I had my regiment in line

