
at 6.30 o'clock, in accordance with orders received from headquarters Fourth Brigade. Soon afterward I received orders to follow the Second Delaware Volunteers, thus bringing my regiment third in line of march. We marched on the direct road leading to Germanna Ford, fording the Rapidan River at that place at about 2 p. m. After crossing the river I was ordered by Colonel Brooke to deploy my regiment forward as skirmishers. I immediately, did so, advancing the line some distance on the right and left of the plank road. Found no enemy. We remained in this position until near sunset, when I was ordered to assemble the regiment on the road, and follow in the brigade in the same order as before. We moved forward until we arrived at the Three-Mile Run, where we bivouacked for the night.

At daylight on the following morning, 27th, I had the regiment in line, in accordance with orders received during the night. We moved forward, following the Second Delaware Volunteers until we arrived at Robertson's Tavern, where we formed in line on the left of the above-named regiment. Remained in this position during the day. On the following morning, November 28, we moved forward in the order above named for a short distance, but before arriving at the woods beyond the tavern, we were ordered to move by the right flank on the right of the road. Moved forward about 2 miles, when we formed in line about 1 mile on the tight of the road. My regiment was formed on the left of the Second Delaware, second in line.

Remained in this position until the following morning, November 29, when we moved at daybreak. Marched until we arrived near White Plains or New Hope Church, when we formed on the left of the plank road. I was ordered by Colonel Brooke to deploy my regiment forward as skirmishers. This I did as soon as possible, advancing my line until I connected with the skirmishers of the Third Brigade on the right and those of the First Brigade on the left. Soon afterwards the enemy opened a very destructive fire upon my part of the line, from a battery placed about 300 yards in front of our skirmish line, severely wounding several of my men. Our line still advanced forward, when the enemy removed this battery behind their intrenchments. White advancing the skirmishers the connection on the left was broken, caused by moving toward the right. I did not have a sufficient number of men to extend the line so as to keep up the connection. I reported the fact to Colonel Brooke, who immediately sent forward the Second Delaware Volunteers to fill up the vacant space and reconnect the lines. I remained on the skirmish line until 8 p. m., when I was relieved by the Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers.

On the following morning, November 30, we moved soon after daylight some distance to the right on the plank road. I was ordered to form in line on the left of the One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers. This was done quickly. The line was formed in the woods. We remained in this position until about 3 p. m., when we moved forward, relieving the troops of the Third Corps in front. About sunset we moved into the woods a short distance to the rear, where we bivouacked.

On the following day, December 1, I was ordered by Colonel Brooke to have breastworks built in front of my regiment. This order was promptly complied with by the officers and men of the regiment, all working with a will. At 8 p. m. I received orders from Colonel Brooke personally to have my command ready to

