
ary forces under your command. From this point my command marched in the rear of the column during the following three days, and until we entered Edenton nothing of note occurring. being ordered to halt at the edge of the town, I remained there a few hours and was then directed to move back about a mile and bivouac.

The same night I sent out a company under Captain Reisinger to search for guerrillas in the vicinity of Dr. Warren's plantation. He returned the next morning, having found the place of rendezvous of about 40 guerrillas, who had, however, fled a few hours previous. He searched the country in the vicinity, but was unable to find them.

Upon the return of this party I sent out another company, under Captain Ackerly, who continued the search for 5 or 6 miles, but succeeded in capturing none of the enemy. These two parties destroyed at the guerrillas' camp a considerable quantity of provisions, clothing, arms, camp equipage, and other property belonging to the guerrillas.

On the 16th, the march being resumed my battalion had the advance. About 4 miles out on the Hertford road a small party of guerrillas was discovered, and immediately charged by the advance guard, but they succeeded in escaping in the swamp; 1 of them, however, was soon after captured by a flanking party from the battalion.

Upon arriving in sight of Hertford, I moved into and through the town at a gallop, detaching small squads, previously detailed and instructed to occupy the cross-streets, with guards at the front and rear of the houses and at the street corners. A short examination, however, and a consultation with some Union citizens, satisfied me that the guerrillas living in town were not present, and the remaining citizens were accordingly released. During this time a scouting party, under Lieutenant Minnich, captured, near the town, Colonel Woodford, of the North Carolina State Militia.

Crossing the river the same evening, I halted for the night 2 miles beyond. Soon after light the next morning the officer in charge of the pickets reported that a patrolling party had encountered a considerable force of guerrillas about 2 miles out on the Woodville road, but subsequent examination failed to discover them, they having dispersed through the swamps as usual.

The main body of the command having crossed the river, the march was resumed at 8 o'clock a. m. My battalion in the rear, I arrived in Elizabeth City at 11 o'clock p. m., nothing worthy of note having occurred.

The next day, my battalion moved in the rear of the command to South Mills. About half way to the latter place, a party of about 10 guerrillas fired upon my rear guard, at long range from the edge of a swamp, wounding 1 horse, and then dispersed in the swamp. Nothing else of interest occurred on this day's march.

On the 19th, leaving one company at South Mills, by order, to report to Captain Roberts, commanding there, I marched at 6 o'clock a. m. for this camp, where I arrived at 5 o'clock p. m.

I have made this report is detail, although the whole expedition, so far as my own command is concerned, has been devoid of events of much interest or importance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANKLIN A. STRATTON,

Major, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Colonel B. F. ONDERDONK.

