
forward to support the skirmish line of the Third Division, under command of Colonel Carroll. We moved to the front about 50 yards and took position on a slight elevation in the edge of a piece of woods, our skirmishers at that time having been driven back to within a short distance of the line which we held. The rebel skirmishers soon after fell back, and we remained in this position until the next morning.

During the forenoon of the 28th, the corps advanced about 2 miles, the rebels falling back. Soon after skirmishing commenced in front, and we were marched in the woods, to the right of the main pike leading from Robertson's Tavern to Gordonsville, and during the remainder of the day and following might lay in line of battle in view of the rebel batteries, and troops which occupied a strongly fortified hill in front of our position.

At daylight on Sunday morning, the 29th, we moved from this position, marching by way of Robertson's Tavern round to the extreme left of our line, arriving at that point about 4 p. m. The Fifty-Third Pennsylvania Volunteers, having been detailed as skirmishers, were soon engaged with the rebel skirmishers in front. The One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers were again thrown forward to support them. While lying in the edge of a piece of woods, a short distance in the rear of the line of skirmishers, we were shelled by a rebel battery that occupied the crest of a long slope in front. Before dark we were moved back a short distance and bivouacked during the night.

Early the next morning, the 30th, we were moved along the plank road a short distance to our right, and formed in line of battle in a piece of woods to the left of the road, ready to move forward in support of an assaulting column which, as I understood, was to move forward at an early hour that morning to take the battery on the hill in front. The assault not taking place, we were moved forward and to the right a short distance and lay in position during the night. The right wing of my regiment was detailed as picket for that might, and, under command of Major Lynch, relieved the Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers, under command of Major Bradley. We remained in this position that night and the next day, December 1, in the meantime throwing up breastworks and otherwise fortifying our position.

On the evening of the 1st, the left wing of my regiment, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel McCreary, was detailed for picket duty and relieved the right wing. About 8 o'clock that evening I received orders to hold my regiment in readiness to march at a moment's notice. Immediately afterward the brigade marched back on the plank road leading to Culpeper Ford, and crossed the Rapidan at that point about 10 o'clock on the forenoon of the 2nd. We remained there until noon, when Lieutenant-Colonel McCreary, who had successfully withdrawn the picket from the front line at 3 a. m., rejoined the regiment. We moved from the ford early in the afternoon and reached our old camping ground about sunset that evening.

I an pleased to report no casualties occurred among the officers and men of my regiment, although they, in common with the other regiments of the brigade, were frequently exposed to the fire of the enemy. During the whole time, comprising six days, and when a battle was momentarily expected, and while constantly exposed to the bitter cold, my officers and men manifested a willingness and

