
determination to perform like men and soldiers whatever duties might be assigned them.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

H. L. BROWN,

Colonel, Commanding 145th Pennsylvania Volunteers.

CHARLES P. HATCH,

Lieutenant, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 31. Report of Brigadier General Alexander S. Webb, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,December 4, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by this division in the late campaign.

At daylight on Thursday, November 26, in accordance with orders, this division marched from camp near Ross' Mills to Germanna Ford, on the Rapidan River, crossed the river at 2.30 p. m., marched 4 miles, and camped during the night near the Chancellorsville plank road. On the morning of the 27th, marched to Robertson's Cross-Roads, at which point the Third Division, which preceded, was skirmishing with the enemy, who was endeavoring to get possession of the ridge which commanded the crossing of the turnpike and Raccoon Ford road. The Second and Third Brigade were immediately placed in position on the right of the Third Division; the Seventy-first and Seventy-second Pennsylvania and two companies of the Nineteenth Massachusetts were ordered forward as skirmishers. A brisk skirmish took place, during which the Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania and Fifteenth Massachusetts were deployed on the right of the Seventy-second. At 3 p. m. the enemy's skirmishers were Brigade, Colonel Baxter commanding, was directed to take up position on the right, which movement checked the enemy's advance. The skirmish line was then ordered to advance, supported by the First Brigade, and wheel to the left and feel the enemy. The line advanced 600 yards, and, not meeting with opposition, was halted and dispositions made for the night. The line of battle connecting on the left with the Third Division at Robertson's Cross-Roads extended along the ridge to Jacobs' Ford road, connecting on the right with the Sixth Corps.

On the morning of the 28th, the division marched in line of battle to Mine Run, near Old Verdierville, in which position it remained until 5 a. m. of the 30th, when it was relieved by the Second Division, Fifth Corps, General Ayres commanding. It then marched past the rear of the Sixth Corps and rejoined the First and Third Divisions of the Second Corps at Robertson's Cross-Roads, marching toward New Verdierville, and halting on the plank road 2 miles from the enemy's words at 3 p. m. Here the Third Brigade, Colonel Morehead commanding,was ordered to report to General Caldwell, as the enemy was reported coming around his right flank. The Nineteenth and Twentieth Massachusetts were deployed and skirmished with the enemy until dark. The division camped for the night near the plank road. At 4 a. m. on the 30th, the division moved to a

