
position between the railroad and plank road, where it was concealed from the enemy, and placed in two lines, for the purpose of storming the enemy's works; its right connected with the Second Division, Third Corps; the left rested on the railroad and connected with the Third Division, Second Corps. Remained in this position until dark, night, with the First Division, Second Corps, on its right. It remained in this position until 8 p. m., December 1, when the division was moved in rear of the corps, left in front, toward Gold Mine Ford, on Rapidan River. Crossed the river at Gold Mine Ford at 9 a. m., December 2, and reached camp left on the 26th of November at dark.

While at Robertson's Cross-Roads. Lieutenant-Colonel Hesser, a brave and efficient officer of the Seventy-second Pennsylvania, was killed while leading his regiment. Credit is due the Seventy-second for the manner in which they held a long skirmish line.

To Colonel Macy and his regiment, the Twentieth Massachusetts, and to the Nineteenth Massachusetts, supported by the Seventh Michigan, is due the credit of driving the enemy into his works, on the afternoon of the 29th of November.

Credit is due the ambulance officers of this division for the efficient manner in which they performed their duties; they were generally to be found near the skirmish line, ready to remove the wounded.

I desire to mention for honorable notice Captain W. L. Palmer and Lieutenant W. T. Simms, of my staff, and Captain Banes, assistant adjutant-general, Second Brigade, of this division. Many other officers performed their duties bravely; these three officers I mention since their services were of such a nature as to be most important to the division and to the corps.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 32. Report of Colonel De Witt C. Baxter, Seventy-second Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding First Brigade.

NEAR BRANDY STATION, VA.,

December 3, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the late movement of the Second Corps, in which the First Brigade participated:

In compliance with orders received at 9.30 p. m. on the evening of the 24th, my command reported in front of division headquarters a little before dawn the next morning. November 25, ready for orders. This brigade, having the right of the division column, was, by direction of the general commanding, marched to a point within the lines of the Third Division, Second Corps, beyond Mountain Run. As the head of the column arrived at the place designated, received orders to countermarch and return to camp and await orders. At

