
10 p. m., November 25, received the following order, which was strictly complied with:

The troops of this division will march at 6.30 a. m. to-morrow, the 26th instant, by division time. The First Brigade will leave camp in time for the head of the column to reach the brigade near division headquarters, at the time above indicated.

The division column, with this brigade on the right, joined the corps and proceeded to Germanna Ford, on the Rapidan River. Pending the construction of a pontoon brigade, in anticipation of opposition from the enemy, the brigade was formed in two lines of battle in a wood to the left of the road. The bridge completed, the column crossed without opposition and bivouacked for the night on Flat Run, to the right of the plank road.

At 8 a. m., November 27, the division took up the march, with this brigade in the rear, and proceeded to Robertson's farm, on the Fredericksburg and Orange turnpike, where, within a mile of that point, our skirmishers met the enemy and drove them back to a wood north of the tavern. Here the Third and Second Divisions of the corps were drawn up in line of battle, with skirmishers deployed to the front and right. This brigade being in the reserve was formed in two lines, deployed, and held in reserve. One regiment, the Fifteenth Massachusetts, Lieutenant-Colonel Joslin commanding, was ordered to deploy as skirmishers, and form the extreme right of the division line. The skirmishing, which had been principally upon the left center, now suddenly commenced upon the right, and continued from 2 p. m. until after dark. At 3 p. m. the First Minnesota, Major Downie commanding, and the Eighty-second New York, Colonel Hudson commanding, were deployed in the above order upon the Fifteenth Massachusetts, who at this time were being pressed by the enemy. The One hundred and fifty-second New York, Major O'Brien commanding, was detached from the First and sent to the Second Brigade. The Nineteenth Maine, Lieutenant-Colonel Cunningham commanding, was held in reserve to the First Brigade. The skirmishers of the First Division of the Second Corps joined upon the right of the Second Division of the same corps and completed the extreme right of the line.

At 5 p. m. received orders to change the direction of the skirmish line of this brigade to the left by throwing forward the right. This movement had scarcely begun when the extreme right came suddenly upon the enemy, who delivered a heavy volley and fell back. Immediately in front of the line lay a swamp, in width about 5 rods. It was from the opposite side of this swamp, and darkness coming on fast, with the uncertainty of the enemy's force upon the other side, rendered the movement difficult, if not hazardous.

At this juncture orders were received to abandon the movement until daylight next morning, in accordance with which the line was re-established upon the original line.

At 9 p. m. the Nineteenth Maine relieved the First Minnesota, Eighty-second New York, and Fifteenth Massachusetts as pickets, with the last-named regiments as a reserve. This ended the operations of the day, with the following results:

Fifteenth Massachusetts Volunteers: Wounded, 2 commissioned officers and 8 enlisted men; missing, 1 field officer and 4 enlisted men.

One hundred and fifty-second New York Volunteers: Wounded, 2 enlisted men.

Eighty-second New York Volunteers: Wounded: 2 enlisted men.

