
Nineteenth Maine Volunteers: Wounded, 2 enlisted men.

At 4 a. m., Saturday, the 28th, received orders to be prepared to advance upon the enemy without a moment's delay upon the receipt of orders. At 5 a. m. received orders to withdraw the three regiments from their then position as supports to the picket line - which, in compliance with previous orders, were reconverted into skirmishers- and form in one line of battle upon the right of the division line. In a few minutes the necessary disposition was made, and orders were received for a general advance of the entire line. The line advanced in a direction perpendicular to the pike, a distance of a mile or more from Robertson's Tavern, near Mine Run, where the enemy was found in force upon a range of hills on the west side. The Sixth Corps coming up to a position on our right, their skirmishers relieved the Nineteenth Maine, who rejoined the brigade. The First Minnesota was placed upon picket at 4 p. m., which ended the proceedings for this day.

At 2 a. m. of the 29th, received orders to march at early dawn. At daybreak this brigade took up the march with the division, second in column, the Eighty-second New York deployed as flankers on the right of the column. Marched to a point on the old plank road leading to Orange Court-House, 2 or more miles beyond Old Verdierville, where this brigade was halted and bivouacked for the night. No casualties to report for this day.

At 2 a. m. of the 30th, received orders to march at short notice. Marched at 3 a. m., left in front, this brigade in rear right. Took position in front of the enemy's works between the plank road and an unfinished railroad, in two lines, the Fifteenth Massachusetts and Nineteenth Maine in the first line, the One hundred and fifty-second and Eighty-second New York in the second line, the First Minnesota deployed to the front as skirmishers. Lay in this position until 8 p. m., when we fell back to a position in the rear, and bivouacked for the night, the First Minnesota relieved by the Nineteenth Maine. No casualties to report.

At 12.30 p. m. on the 1st instant, by order, took a position on the south of railroad, in prolongation of the division line. At 8 p. m. received orders to march to the rear. At 8.30 took up the march, left in front, in the center of the division column. Recrossed the Rapidan at Culpeper Ford, and reached our old camp at 8.30 p. m. on the 2nd instant, having been seven days absent.

All the above movements of this brigade were directed entirely by superior authority, and as no subsequent movements were found necessary, nothing originated with me.

To Captain Palmer and Lieutenant Simms thanks are due, and respectfully tendered, not alone for the clear and unmistakable manner in which they delivered the orders of the general commanding, but also for the valuable assistance rendered me in the execution of those orders.

Not having the least fault to report of any of the officers of this brigade, where all did their duty sa cheerfully and to the best of their ability, it is impossible for me to make a single favorable distinction. To my staff I tender my thanks for their prompt efficiency, which rendered me so much valuable assistance.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

D. W. C. BAXTER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain J. P. WOOD, Assistant Adjutant-General.

