
Numbers 33. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Henry W. Cunningham, Nineteenth Maine Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH MAINE VOLUNTEERS,December 4, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Nineteenth Maine Volunteers during the late campaign on the south side of the Rapidan River:

The regiment crossed the river at Germanna Ford on the afternoon of the 26th ultimo, and bivouacked that night about 2 miles from the river. It marched at daybreak on the 27th ultimo, and after advancing about 5 miles, when near Robertson's Tavern, formed line of battle, supporting Battery B, First Rhode Island Artillery, where it lay until about 3 p. m., when it was ordered to the extreme front in support of the skirmishers. At dark the line advanced through the woods for a half mile, during which time the regiment was under fire of the enemy's skirmishers. At 9 p. m. the regiment was ordered to relieve the skirmish line.

It remained in line all night and advanced early the next morning, with orders to keep the connection on the left with the right of the Third Brigade skirmish line regardless of any connection on the right. After advancing about 2 miles through an almost impenetrable growth of small pines to Mine Run, the line (which had obliqued to the right very much in marching), becoming engaged with the enemy farther to the left, halted the regiment. Remained here, without fires during a drenching rain-storm, and in view of 6,000 to 8,000 of the enemy, until 2 p. m., when it was relieved by a line from the Sixth Corps.

The next morning at early dawn it again took up the line of march; crossing over from the turnpike upon which it had advanced to this place to the plank road leading from Chancellorsville to Orange Court-House, it advanced upon the road about 4 miles beyond Spotsylvania Court-House, when, the head of the column meeting the enemy, the whole division halted, and after some hours bivouacked. The column was again formed at 3 o'clock the next morning, the 30th, and having advanced nearly 1 mile, drew up in line of battle in three lines on the north side of the railroad. My regiment was in the second line, but it was soon changed into the first line in place of the One hundred and fifty-second New York Volunteers. The men then had orders to unsling knapsacks and fix bayonets in preparation of the storming of the formidable works of the enemy in front. Every man prepared himself and waited for the final command "forward."

The regiment remained in line all that day, which was severely cold, without fires, and at night was ordered to deploy and advance to the front to relieve the skirmish line of the Second Division, Second Corps, and Second Division, Third Corps, where it remained until daybreak. The sufferings of the men during that day and night were most severe. Relieved the next morning, December 1, the regiment returned to the brigade, but advanced to the front again at noon, and threw up breastworks during the afternoon on the south side of the railroad. At 9 o'clock that evening the regiment took up the line of march for the Rapidan, where it arrived,

