
and, having crossed the river, halted at 11 a. m. This made two nights in succession which the men and officers had passed without sleep. At 12.30 p. m. the regiment again marched for its old camp, where it arrived at 9 p. m., December 2. For sixty-six hours the men of my regiment had but ten hours and a half rest.

I an unable to particularly mention any officer or man, for they all did their duty promptly and without hesitation.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. B. C. DURYEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 34. Report of Captain Charles H. Eager, Fifteenth Massachusetts Infantry.

NEAR BRANDY STATION, VA.,

December 3, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report:

The Fifteenth Massachusetts Regiment, Lieutenant Colonel George C. Joslin commanding, left camp November 26, 1863, with the other regiments composing the First Brigade, Second Division, Second Corps, and proceeded to Germanna Ford, on the Rapidan River. Crossed on the pontoon bridge a little before sunset, moved out a distance of about 2 miles, and bivouacked for the night. Moved at sunrise on the 28th, and, after a rapid march, halted near Robertson's Tavern, where a portion of the Second Brigade was already skirmishing with the enemy. This command was immediately ordered to deploy as skirmishers and join on the right of the Second Brigade, along a fence and woods.

After remaining very quietly in this position for some two or three hours, Colonel Smith, of the Seventy-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, in charge of the line, ordered the right of our line to swing forward into the woods to ascertain the locality of a certain road, the left advancing not more than 20 yards. In so doing the right and center of our line became engaged with the skirmishers of the enemy, who almost immediately moved up a line of battle and this regiment was forced to fall back to its original position, and finally to a position about 100 yards in the rear, on the crest of a hill, which position we held with the help of the Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and drove the enemy back from the edge of the woods.

During this engagement Lieutenant Colonel Joslin was, in all probability, captured by the enemy. Captain Ellingwood severely, and Adjutant Newbury mortally wounded and has since died. The enlisted men wounded and missing were 13.

At this time the command of the regiment fell upon me, and I was directed by Colonel Smith to move the regiment to the right and rear, having been relieved from the front by the One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

About sunset I was directed by an aide of General Webb to again deploy the regiment and join on the right of the Eighty- second New

