
York Volunteers, the line to swing forward to open the road by which General French, of the Third Corps, was expected to arrive, our line of skirmishers to be supported by the Nineteenth Maine Volunteers in line of battle. After advancing some 75 yards, a few shots were fired by the enemy, with no effect upon us.

We continued to advance, with one company as flankers, until the right of the line was nearly at a right angle with the First Minnesota Volunteers, who were on the extreme left of the brigade. At this time it had become so dark that it was impossible to tell friend from foe, and, fearing a collision with our friends, decided to swing back the right in a position covering the said road, where we remained until half past 9 p. m., where we were relieved by the Nineteenth Maine Volunteers. The command bivouacked in the second line of battle for the night.

At an early hour on the 29th instant, a line of battle, consisting of the Second Division, was formed near Robertson's Tavern (the Fifteenth Massachusetts being on the right of the First Brigade), and advanced through the woods in a westerly direction a distance of 1 1/4 miles, and remained quietly in line until the morning of the 30th, when the corps moved, via Robertson's Tavern, near New Verdierville.

At this point, by the direction of Brigadier-General Webb, this command was deployed as skirmishers and moved in an oblique direction from the plank road, a distance of 600 paces, to guard against a surprise by the enemy. Were relieved by the One hundred and fifty-second New York Volunteers about 8 p. m., and bivouacked near the road.

December 1, were turned out at 2 a. m., and marched soon after to a position in front of the fortifications of the enemy, where we remained all day expecting orders to charge the works. Were withdrawn from the front with the rest of the brigade at about 8 o'clock and bivouacked in rear of that position.

About 12 o'clock on December 2, the First Brigade was ordered into a position the fifteenth in the second line on the right of the First Minnesota Volunteers. At 7 p. m. was directed by Colonel Baxter to relieve the One hundred and fifty-second New York Volunteers at the front, and at 8.30 o'clock to report with my command to his headquarters, to move to the rear.

We marched to Ely's Ford, on the Rapidan, and crossed on the pontoon brigade at 9 a. m. on the 3rd instant.; halted at 11 a.m. and made coffee, and moved again at 1 p. m.; arrived at our old camp near Brandy Station about 8 p. m.

The conduct of both officers and men during the entire movement was unexceptionable, and all did so well it is difficult to particularize, but I cannot refrain from mentioning Asst. Surg. T. O. Cornish for his efforts in assisting the wounded from the field during the hottest of the engagements, regardless of his own personal danger, and of Adjt. Dwight Newbury, who showed determined bravery, and who was mortally wounded while conveying an order from the right to the left of the line.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES H. EAGER,

Captain, Commanding Fifteenth Massachusetts Volunteers.

Captain W. B. C. DURYEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

