
Numbers 35. Report of Colonel Henry W. Hudson, Eighty-second New York Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-SECOND NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,December 3, 1863.

SIR: I respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the march of the Army of the Potomac during the past seven days:

On the morning of 26th of November, left camp near Stevensburg in line with First Brigade, Second Division, Second Corps, crossed Rapidan at Germanna Ford, proceeded down the plank road some 3 moles, where we encamped for the night. Started on the march next morning about 7 o'clock, left the plank road proceeded toward Old Verdierville, formed line of battle supporting Brown's Rhode Island battery. At about 4 p. m., in company with the First Minnesota, were ordered to the front to support the Fifteenth Massachusetts, then skirmishing with the enemy. Just before dark, deployed large portion of the regiment as skirmishers. Then, with First Brigade, marched in line of battle through the woods, until ordered back to form picket line. Were relieved during the night by the Nineteenth Maine, and ordered to the reserve with the First Minnesota.

On the morning of the 28th, formed line of battle with the Second Division, and marched through the woods until arriving in front of the enemy, where we remained during the day and night. On the morning of the 29th, marched with the division toward Robertson's Cross-Roads, about 2 miles from which we bivouacked in the woods, supporting the Third Division. Marched at 2 a. m., 30th instant, arriving before daybreak in front of the enemy, and formed in line of battle, the men of this command throwing aside knapsacks, preparatory to storming the fortifications. Remained in this position until about 7 p. m., when we were ordered to the rear by echelon of regiments.

During the movement we became, as it were, lost. After much time, and various changes of direction, we struck the plank road, in company with parts of the One hundred and fifty-second New York Volunteers, First Minnesota, and Fifteenth Massachusetts. After marching some 2 1/2 miles, we were joined by the remaining parts of the regiments that formed the brigade. We then retraced our march for some distance, when we left the plank road and bivouacked for the night.

At 12 m., December 1, were ordered to support Battery A, First Rhode Island. At 9 p. m. took up line of march, crossing the Rapidan at Germanna Mills Ford, arriving in camp at this place at 9 a. m., after the most arduous and severe march the Army of the Potomac has ever experienced.

The only casualty in the regiment was one man slightly wounded on picket line at Robertson's Tavern.

H. W. HUDSON,

Colonel Eighty-second Regiment New York Volunteers.

Captain W. B. C. DURYEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

