
Numbers 36. Report of Lieutenant Colonel George W. Thompson, One hundred and Fifty-second New York Infantry.

CAMP NEAR BRANDY STATION, VA.,

December 3, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that my regiment broke camp near Brandy Station on the morning of the 26th of November, marched across the Rapidan at Germanna Ford, and moved on to Flat Run, where we bivouacked.

On the morning of the day following, marched to near Robertson's Tavern, where we formed in line of battle, taking position in second line and advancing on the enemy's skirmishers, who were driven in. During this skirmish two of my men were slightly wounded. On the following morning we moved up in front of the enemy's works near Verdierville, where we remained in line of battle until the morning of the 29th, when we again took up the march and moved across to the Fredericksburg plank road to a point about 2 miles beyond White Hall [New Hope] Church.

On the morning of the 30th, we again moved in frond of the enemy's works near the Orange and Fredericksburg Railroad, where we remained during the day, retiring en echelon by battalion at nightfall. On the following morning, I again moved up and tool position near the railroad, as reserve to the skirmish line, and remained until evening, when I moved on the Orange and Fredericksburg plank road on our return to this place, which I reached on the evening of the 2nd instant.

Very respectfully,

G. W. THOMPSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. B. DURYEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 37. Report of Colonel Turner G. Morehead, One Hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.

MOUNTAIN RUN, VA.,

December 4, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the brigade under my command during the recent movement on the south side of the Rapidan River:

We left our camp on Mountain Run at daylight on Thursday, the 26th of November, crossed the Rapidan at Germanna Ford at 4 p. m., and bivouacked for the night at a point on the plank road about 3 miles beyond. Marched at 8 a. m. on the 27th, through the Wilderness, to Robertson's farm, where position was taken in line of battle upon the crest at the right of the turnpike. Slight skirmishing took place throughout the day. At sunset the Nineteenth and Twentieth Massachusetts Volunteers, with the Seventh Michigan Volunteers, were ordered to relieve the skirmish line, and they

