
AUGUST 14, 1863.- Scout in the Bull Run Mountains, Va.

Report of Captain George V. Griggs, Second New York Cavalry.
HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT NEW YORK VOL. CAV.,Thoroughfare Gap, Va., August 14, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report:

In compliance with orders received from you at 5 a. m., I moved my detachment (120 rank and file) through Thoroughfare Gap, crossed the railroad, and, taking the road which skirts the base of the Bull Run Mountains, proceeded to Hopewell, where a vedette was seen at a short distance, who, however, evaded pursuit. Continuing the line of march, I crossed the mountain at a point distant 3 miles from Aldie, by a road leading to the village of Landmark.

The advanced guard was fired upon just as we left the mountain side. The assailant, leaving his horse and equipments, took to the woods, into which I at once led a portion of the command, dismounted; receiving a volley without injury, and driving the enemy from their camp, captured several horses and sets of equipments abandoned by them in their hasty flight.

The side of mountain was here very steep and rocky, but we succeeded in gaining the summit, where there were evident signs of its late use as picket station. The roads for many miles around can be plainly seen from this point.

Returning to the main body, mounted and dismounted scouting parties were sent out, who succeeded in taking 2 prisoners, and 15 to 20 horses, including 3 of those taken from the picket post of this regiment, on Wednesday evening last. Having diligently searched the woods for 2 or 3 miles on each side of the abandoned camp, I returned to these headquarters by way of Hopewell Gap, without further contact with the enemy.

Very little information could be obtain, either from the inhabitants of the district or the prisoners taken, beyond the fact of a force being camped in the vicinity, variously estimated from 40 to 70, and that the locality of the encampment is changed form time to time.

I annex a recapitulation of captures.* I have no losses to report.

Respectfully submitted.

GEORGE V. GRIGGS,

Captain, Second New York Cavalry, Commanding Department.

Major EDWIN F. COOKE,

Commanding Second New York Cavalry.

AUGUST 14, 1863.- Capture of Vine-Tree Signal Station, Va.

Report of Brigadier General Henry D. Terry, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,August 14, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the signal station designated as the Vine-Tree Station, in rear of my command, has just been surprised by a body of rebel cavalry, and all the men and horses captured.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

