
remained deployed through the night. At 8 a. m. on the 28th, the line was advanced about 2 miles, when it reached the position of the enemy, driving in his pickets. Nothing was done during the day and night succeeding.

At 7 a. m. on the 29th, took up the line of march to the plank road from Fredericksburg to Orange Court-House. At about 4 p. m. came upon the enemy's position. Here the brigade was ordered to report to Brigade-General Caldwell, to prolong his line upon the right of the road. The Twentieth Massachusetts Volunteers were deployed as skirmishers, and drove the enemy's skirmishers to his works. At 2 a. m. on the 30th, orders were received to rejoin the Second Division and take position in line. Remained in line of battle until 9 p. m. of December 1, when the march was resumed. Crossed the Rapidan at Culpeper Ford at 10 a. m., December 2, arriving at present camp at 7.30 p. m. on the same day.

The conduct of the officers and men in the command was unexceptionable. To Lieutenant-Colonel Macy, of the Twentieth Massachusetts, and his regiment, is due the credit of handsomely driving the enemy's line of skirmishers into their defenses on the 28th. Upon this occasion the Twentieth Massachusetts was ably supported by the Seventh Michigan Volunteers and the Nineteenth Massachusetts, commanded by Major Curtis and Major Rice, respectively.

The Forty-second New York, Lieutenant-Colonel Lynch commanding, was left to hold the picket line of the division for six hours, after the army had withdrawn, upon the 1st of December. This duty was well done, and the regiment rejoined the brigade at the Rapidan in

good order.

Credit is due to the officers of my staff (especially to Lieutenant W. R. Driver, acting assistant adjutant-general) for their valuable services during the week's campaign.

A list of casualties* is forwarded herewith, also the official report of the regiment commanders.

Respectfully,

T. G. MOREHEAD,

Commanding Brigade.

Captain J. P. WOOD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 38. Report of Colonel Samuel S. Carroll, Eighth Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade, Third Division.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., SECOND CORPS,Mountain Creek, Va., December 3, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the brigade which I had the honor to command in the late expedition across the Rapidan:

On the morning of the 27th ultimo, at 7.30 o'clock, my brigade started, leading the division. When about a mile this side of Locust Grove, or Robertson's Tavern, was ordered to throw out sharpshooters on the road, which I did by taking a detail of 10 men from each regiment,

---------------

* Embodied in revised statement, p. 680.

---------------

