
under the command of Captain Jones, Fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and shortly afterward formed the Eight Ohio Volunteer Infantry in line of battle on the right-hand side of the road with two companies deployed as skirmishers, and the Seventh Battalion [West] Virginia Volunteers on the left with one company deployed, the other regiments (Fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry and Fourteenth Indiana Volunteers) keeping the road. We advanced in this manner about 100 yards beyond the cross-roads, when we came within shot of a thin line of the enemy's skirmishers in the woods on the right who opened upon us. There the reserve regiment was formed in line of battle on the left of the pike, and as soon as this was done, the skirmishers advanced and drove the rebels 100 yards, when a heavy line of them appeared and took possession of a fence and ditch about 500 or 600 yards in our front, and the division commander ordered a halt. The skirmishers kept up a desultory sharpshooting until about 1 p. m., when I was ordered to push forward and dislodge the rebel line, which was done on a run.

The Seventh [West] Virginia Battalion suffered most loss in this move, having to cross an open field in the face of the rebels, who were concealed, but when they broke and fled our fire did them serious damage. The Eight Ohio had equal advantage with the rebels, both being in the woods.

Shortly after this the division commander, General Hays, ordered me to swing my right around so as to straighten the line, and that General Webb's skirmish line would move in the same direction. Lieutenant Sheppard, of my staff, went to the right to see the movement executed. By some mischance the line on the right did not keep up the connection, and the rebels got on the gap and poured their fire in rear of the Eighth Ohio, so that it had to fall back. As soon as Lieutenant Sheppard reported the fact to me, I went there myself, and by re-enforcing their line with two companies of the Fourth Ohio, commanded by Major Grubb, drove the enemy and made the required connection. It was during this separation, as explained in Lieutenant-Colonel Sawyer's report, that the Eighth Ohio met with most of its loss. No further movement was made that evening. Occasional firing was relieved by the Fourth Ohio, and the Seventh [West] Virginia by the Fourteenth Indiana.

On the morning of the 28th ultimo, was ordered to move at 7.30 o'clock, which I did, with the same disposition of my command as had been preserved all night. After moving a mile again came upon the rebel sharpshooters, and were ordered to halt until the rest of the division was put in position, which took about half an hour. Then moved forward to the crest of the hill upon which Rowe's house stands, when a very heavy line of the enemy's skirmishers opened upon us. We took the double-quick, and gained a position on this side of Mine Run-the enemy occupying the other side-and remained in that position, interchanging fire with them until dark, shortly after which we were relieved by another brigade, and we went back into the woods. It was in this advance and the skirmishing that followed that the Fourteenth Indiana and Fourth Ohio met their loss. After this date we remained with the rest of the division and were not again engaged.

The officers and men of the command behaved with their usual gallantry and coolness. I would particularly mention the names of Lieutenant-Colonel Sawyer, commanding Eighth Ohio; Major Winslow,

