
commanding their skirmish line; Lieutenant-Colonel Lockwood, Seventh [West] Virginia; Colonel Coons, Fourteenth Indiana; Lieutenant-Colonel Cavins and Major Houghton, commanding right and left wings of their skirmish line; Lieutenant-Colonel Stewart, Fourth Ohio, commanding regiment, and Major Grubb, same regiment, who commanded the two detached companies; as also Captain Jones, Fourth Ohio, commanding sharpshooters on the 27th, as having sustained their usual reputation. Lieutenant-Colonel Stewart and Captain Jones were both hit, but did not leave the field. Lieutenant-Colonel Sawyer had his horse killed under him.

My thanks are due Captain Gregg, acting assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant Reid, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenants Sheppard and Curtiss, aides-de-camp, of my staff, for their valuable assistance on the field and for the coolness displayed while carrying orders for two days to different parts of the skirmish line under a severe fire.

I would respectfully and urgently call the attention of the commanding officer to the cartridges that are issued. The charge is so small as to be ineffective at long range, and when they have time to do so, the men put in double charges of powder, throwing away the ball, thus making a loss.

I inclose herewith the reports of regimental commanders, and append a list of casualties, as follows: Wounded, 59; killed, 4; and missing, 1.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. CARROLL,

Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding Brigade.

Captain GEORGE P. CORTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 39. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Gordon A. Stewart, Fourth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. FOURTH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Near Mountain Run, Va., December 4, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part the Fourth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry took in the late movement of the army:

On the morning of November 26, 1863, the regiment broke camp near Mountain Run and moved with the brigade to the Rapidan, crossing at Germanna Ford, going into camp for the night about 3 miles beyond. On the morning of the 27th, we moved to Robertson's Tavern on the pike leading from Fredericksburg to Orange Court-House, where we met the enemy's skirmishers. Captain Jones was ordered forward with Company B and a detail of 40 men, 10 from each of the four regiment of the brigade, to assist in driving the enemy's skirmishers from their position, which was handsomely done. The regiment was then ordered up as a support to our skirmishers. It being desirous to change the line of skirmishers on the right of the road to check the enemy's fire on the flank of the Seventh [West] Virginia, who were on the left of the road, Companies D and E, under Major Grubb, were thrown forward, when the line again

