
advanced and drove the enemy from his position on the right of the pike. The regiment relieved the Eight Ohio and remained on the skirmish line all night. On the morning of the 28th, the whole skirmish line was ordered forward. We advanced about a mile, skirmishing with the enemy, till we found him strongly posted on a ridge on the opposite side of Mine Creek [Run]. The regiment remained on the line till night.

The casualties of the regiment on this two days' skirmish were 4 officers wounded, and 1 enlisted man killed and 17 wounded; total 22. A nominal list has heretofore been furnished.

On the 29th, the regiment moved with the brigade to our left, crossing the plank road and unfinished railroad that leads from Fredericksburg to Orange Court-House, to a position on the road that runs from the plank road to Spotsylvania Court-House. About daylight of the 30th, the regiment was ordered into line and moved out in front of the enemy's works, where it remained with the brigade all day. On the 1st of December, the regiment was sent to the left of our division on picket duty, where we remained till about 9 p. m., when we were ordered to rejoin the brigade, which we did, continuing to march all night. We recrossed the Rapidan at Culpeper Mine Ford at sunrise on the 2nd. We then moved to this place, which we reached at dark, taking up our quarters in our old camp after an absence of seven days.

It gives me great pleasure to state that the officers and men of the regiment behaved finely during the whole movement.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. A. STEWART,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fourth Ohio Vols., Commanding Regiment

Lieutenant J. G. REID,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 40. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Franklin Sawyer, Eighth Ohio Infantry.

CAMP NEAR MOUNTAIN RUN,

Culpeper County, Va., December 3, 1863.

SIR: Pursuant to circular of this date, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Eighth Regiment Ohio Volunteers in the late movement of this army:

No especial duty was assigned to the regiment until we arrived near Robertson's Cross-Roads, when, evidences of the enemy appearing, this regiment was ordered to equalize its companies in six companies, to move to the right-hand side of the road, to deploy all the regiment except two companies as skirmishers, and to move forward, dressing on a body of sharpshooters, who were to move up the road, in command of Captain Jones, Fourth Ohio.

We advanced, under this order, over some farm lands for about half a mile, when we came to a dense wood, where the regiment was halted by the command of Colonel Carroll, commanding brigade, after advancing in the wood a few yards for cover. Our skirmish line was dressed up, and some temporary defenses of rails made, as the enemy appeared to be in some force, and firing constantly

