
upon our skirmishers. My whole reserve prior to making the defenses had been moved to the right of the line, as the enemy appeared on that flank, but was withdrawn after General Webb advanced and joined our line on that flank.

We maintained the above position until about 2 p. m., when we were ordered to advance through the woods, dressing to the left, which we did in good order, although the enemy stubbornly disputed the ground, and formed our line as directed by Lieutenant Sheppard, aide-de-camp to Colonel Carroll. This line we held until relieved by the Fourth Ohio, about 8 o'clock in the evening. During the whole time picket firing on both sides was constantly kept up, and at one time the enemy took advantage of a gap made between us and General Webb's line by our advance (his line remaining) and we received a volley from our right and rear, which for a few moments created some confusion in so changing our line as to successfully meet the enemy, and this confusion was increased by the fact that some of the enemy had on our overcoats, and some of our officers believed it was General Webb's line advancing. I sent Captain Reid to the right with his company, and Colonel Carroll and some of his staff coming on the field at that time, our line soon reformed, pushing the rebels back. Just at sunset they again tried the same maneuver, but finding our line stubbornly resisting them, fell back without giving us much trouble.

Major Winslow commanded the skirmish line, which duty he performed well. The officers and men behaved with their usual bravery and courage.

Our loss was 1 killed and 8 wounded, a nominal list of which has already been forwarded.

Our movements after this evening were with the brigade, being in support of the skirmish line on Saturday and Saturday night, and from Sunday morning until our arrival in this camp, we were not again under fire or called upon for any especial duties.

During the march the conduct of the men was especially commendable. There was no straggling, and all cheerfully performed their duties.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

FRANKLIN SAWYER,

Lieutenant-Colonel Eighth Ohio Volunteers, Commanding

Lieutenant J. G. REID,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 41. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Jonathan H. Lockwood, Seventh West Virginia Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTH BATT. WEST VIRGINIA VOLS.,Near Mountain Run, Va., December 3, 1863.

SIR: Pursuant to circular of this date, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Seventh Battalion West Virginia Volunteers in the late movement of this army:

No especial duty was assigned to this battalion until we arrived near Robertson's Cross-Roads, where, evidence of the enemy appearing,

