
the battalion was ordered to form on the left of the road and deploy one company as skirmishers, move forward, dressing on line with the Eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, who occupied the position on our right. We advanced under this order near half a mile, when the battalion was halted by command of Colonel Carroll, commanding brigade. Hare we occupied an open field, with the left of our skirmish line resting in a dense woods.

We maintained the above position until between 1 and 2 p. m., when we were ordered to advance, dressing on the right to form a line along a raid fence in front, which was occupied by the skirmish line of the enemy. We succeeded in driving the enemy from the fence and established our line along it, although the ground was obstinately contested by the enemy. This line we held until relieved by the Fourteenth Regiment Indiana Volunteer Infantry, between 7 and 8 p. m. During the whole time picket firing on both sides was kept up.

Lieutenant Ravenscraft commanded the skirmish line, which duty he performed well. The officers and men behaved with their usual bravery and courage.

Our loss was 2 killed and 25 wounded, a nominal list of which has already been forwarded.

Our movements after that evening were with the brigade, being in support of the skirmish line on Saturday and Saturday night, and from Sunday morning until our arrival in this camp, we were not again under fire or called upon for any special duty.

During the march the conduct of the men was becoming of soldiers. There was no straggling and their duties were performed cheerfully. I would especially mention the conduct of Sergt. Major R. Strickland, who was wounded through both ankles while doing most nobly.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. LOCKWOOD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant J. G. REID,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 42. Reports of Major General William H. French, U. S. Army, commanding Third Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,December 3, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of this date in reference to the Third Army Corps not effecting a junction at Robertson's Tavern on the 26th instant.

I shall prepare a full statement regarding the march made by the Third Corps on the 26th instant and of the battle it was obliged to fight on the 27th, which enabled it to effect a junction on the following morning early; in the meantime I will anticipate my report by stating-

1. The position of the pontoon bridge was that on the opposite side of Jacobs' Ford, on the Rapidan, the banks were so precipitous

