
that my artillery had to be sent round by Germanna Ford, over an almost impassable road, so that but two batteries joined me on the morning of the 27th.

2. That without a guide the head of the column lost its road, and had to retrograde on the evening of the 26th, and the country to be reconnoitered.

3. On the morning of 27th, when the right road was supposed to have been found, the enemy were discovered in great strength and in line of battle to oppose the march.

4. That I had to choose whether to retreat or give battle. I chose the latter, which I did successfully, engaging with my whole corps Johnson's and Rodes' divisions of Ewell's corps. The battle lasted until 7 p. m. that day. Early on the 28th, the enemy were found to have retired, leaving their dead and wounded on the field on this and opposite side of the Raccoon Ford road, near Jones' Cross-Roads. I then immediately took up the line of march and came up with the Sixth Corps near Robertson's Tavern at 9 a. m. on the 28th, at which hour I sent to you a dispatch.

A full investigation of the operations of this corps will not reflect discredit upon it, and I hope to be able to present them in such a manner as will satisfy the general commanding.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WM. H. FRENCH,

Major-General of Volunteers.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,December 4, 1863.

GENERAL: In continuation of my succinct note of yesterday in acknowledgment of your call for an explanation of the reasons why my corps did not form a connection with the corps of Major-General Warren at Robertson's Tavern at the time it was expected, I have the honor to report that on the 22nd ultimo I received a telegraphic dispatch from headquarters of the army saying that the general commanding desired to see the corps commanders at 1.30 o'clock on the following day, at which time I received the first intelligence that the army was to move against the enemy, crossing the Rapidan by Jacobs', Germanna, and the lower fords. Anticipating by this telegram a movement, I had previously issued orders by which my corps would lose no time when the final orders were given.

Immediately upon being notified of the route which my corps was to take, I sent a topographer and 6 mounted men to discover and examine the roads, in order that they might act as guides when the column was to move. I also directed General Prince, whose division was to lead, to send an aide-de-camp over this route, in order that he might report its state and get such information as would enable him to go directly forward whenever he was set in motion. I also directed that all the pioneers of General Carr's division should report to him, so that, in conjunction with his own, a large working force would be thrown upon the road, making such repairs as it was found to require. I further directed that these working parties should take with them their rations and knapsacks so that they

