
should not return; further, that the work should be kept up on the road during the night. These instructions were in writing.

The order to march was for 6 a. m. on the 24th. In consequence of the storm on the night of the 23d, the movement ordered for the 24th was suspended. On the evening of the 23d, I received a communication from General Prince, in which he stated that he had sent staff officers to ascertain the route to Jacobs' Mills, to obtain information how to get there. He also stated that it would be futile to attempt it without a good familiar guide, adding:

I have not met with any one better acquainted with that region than Major-General Warren, and he says it would be flat absurdity to attempt it without such a guide.

He, Prince, also reported that he had put the pioneers over the road from Brandy Station to Ross' Mills.

On the 25th ultimo, at 9 p. m., the following dispatch was received from headquarters of the army:

Corps and other independent commanders will have their respective commands in readiness to march at 6 a. m. to-morrow morning; further orders will be given at 5 a. m. or earlier.

At 4.30 a. m. on the 26th, I sent an aide-de-camp, Lieutenant New-bury, to General Prince, inquiring "if he had received the preparatory order?" directing him "to put his command under arms immediately," and inquiring "if he knew the road?" This order was delivered at 5 a. m. General Prince replied " that he had received the preparatory order, but did not know the road, and asked for a guide." I sent this request of General Prince to headquarters of the army.

At about 5.20 a. m. of same day, the order to carry out the instructions of the 23rd was received, which as soon as copied was sent by aide-de-camp to division commanders; that to General Prince was taken by Lieutenant Ruhl, who states that he reached General Prince in thirty minutes, arriving there a few minutes after 6 a. m.

At 7.45 a. m. I received a report that the rear of the Second Division was a mile beyond its camp. Having now seen the Third Division put in motion, I moved forward my headquarters, overtook the rear of the Second Division, and crossed Mountain Run, moved forward to Jacobs' Ford, arrived there with the head of the column at 11.55 a. m. General Prince had preceded the column and was reconnoitering the ford. I gave him orders to carry out the arrangements to cross the ford. The enemy were showing themselves in some small force of the opposite side, and report had come to me from General Prince that a body of infantry was seen in the skirts of the woods, and also from the signal officer that he saw a section of guns. It therefore became necessary to act with a due amount of caution. I accordingly ordered up two batteries of artillery to be placed in position, a regiment of infantry deployed, and then the pontoon train, all of which occupied a certain portion of time, as the approach to the ford was through a narrow country road, allowing but one carriage to pass at once. As soon, however, as the pontoons were brought up, not a moment was lost in launching the boats and throwing a regiment of infantry across. At the same time cavalry crossed at the ford. The bridge was then laid and the troops, which had been massed in the front and rear of my column, moved across with great rapidity, with the exception of the artillery, which, in consequence of the precipitous banks on the opposite side, it was deemed impracticable to cross.

47 R R-VOL XXIX, PT I

