
Captain Hall, the officer in command of the station, succeeded in making his escape, and is now, I learn, in safety.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. D. TERRY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel M. T. McMAHON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixth Corps.

AUGUST 14, 1863.- Scout to Winchester, Va.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas F. Wildes, One hundred and sixteenth Ohio Infantry.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

August 14, 1863.

Colonel KELTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters U. S. Army:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report for the information of the General-in-Chief, that, previous to leaving my command at Martinsburg, Va., for the purpose of attending the court of inquiry in this city in the case of Major-General Milroy, I learned there was a considerable quantity of public property, including a large quantity of telegraph wire collected by General Lee's army, left at Winchester and vicinity, in their precipitate flight through that town in their recent retreat. I ordered Major Quinn, First New York Cavalry, with 200 men, to proceed to Winchester to secure said property and ascertain as to rebel movements in the valley southwesterly of that point. I have just received a telegraphic dispatch as the result of that expedition, of which the following is a true copy:

MARTIN'S GAP,

August 14, 1863.

COLONEL: Scout to Winchester returned last night with the notorious guerrilla Captain Shearer a prisoner. Brought 4 other prisoners, 2 wagon loads of United States property, and a couple convalescent Union soldiers. They report a large quantity of United States property there and at Judson Springs (some 7 miles distant). Will send party for it to-morrow.

THOMAS F. WILDES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Rather than send this communication by the intermediate channel by the slow and tortuous route of Cumberland, Md., General Kelley's headquarters, I take the liberty of forwarding it to your headquarters direct.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

A. T. McREYNOLDS,

Commanding U. S. Forces at Martinsburg, Va.

AUGUST 15-19, 1863.- Scout from Centreville to Aldie, Va.

Report of Colonel Charles R. Lowell, jr., Second Massachusetts Cavalry.

CENTREVILLE, VA.,

August 20, 1863.

COLONEL: Returned last night. Could not get a fight out of White. Started on Saturday, 15th, with 200 men. On Sunday explored

