
line of skirmishers had advanced so far as to drive the enemy from his first line of rifle-pits, taking some prisoners, I received your dispatch to-

Cease firing, to suspend operations, and to be extremely; that the attack on the right and left would probably not be made.

I withdrew the column of attack.

The report of division commanders have not yet been received. They will, however, be forwarded as early as practicable.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. FRENCH,

Major-General of Volunteers.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,Near Brandy Station, December 14, 1863.

GENERAL: On the 7th instant, I had the honor to inclose the reports of the division commanders and the chief of artillery of this corps.

My own report had already been transmitted, without, however, giving the details of the engagement of the 27th, ultimo, at Jones' Cross-Roads, near the Raccoon Ford road. I now respectfully submit it for the information of the major-general commanding.

On the 26th ultimo, with the exception of one brigade, which was detached to guard the approach from Mitchell's Ford, and the artillery and trains, which had been directed to follow by general orders, the Third Corps had crossed the Rapidan near Jacobs' Ford.

Besides the impracticability of ascending the steep banks, which was mentioned in my previous report, the engineer in charge of the construction of the pontoon train found that he was one boat too short to lay the bridge, and was therefore necessitated to construct a trestle to supply its place, which, besides occasioning great delay, made it hazardous to cross heavy wagons. A bridge had also to be made over a wide ditch on the south side of the river. By authority, the artillery was sent round by way of Germanna Ford, and three of the batteries only joined me on the 27th, two early in the morning and the other in the course of the day. The remaining five batteries joined the reserve artillery, and proceeded to near Robertson's Tavern, under the direction of Captain Randolph, chief of artillery.

The column was ordered to be put in motion at daylight on the 27th (order annexed, marked A). From report received from the general commanding the Second Division (annexed, marked B and C), I was satisfied that I was in the immediate vicinity of the enemy; that my movements from the time I arrived at the ford had been reported by the vedettes found posted there, and I therefore directed such dispositions of my column as would be able to frustrate any flank attack which might be meditated. After the corps had moved several miles upon the route which had been taken by the commander of the Second Division on approaching the Raccoon Ford road, every reconnaissance made by my cavalry developed the enemy's pickets flanking that road toward Bartlett's Mills on my right and Robertson's Tavern on my left. The direction in which

