
enemy was not closely followed up was in consequence of the ammunition not being able to reach the field until late in the day, from the same causes which retarded the movements of the artillery.

From prisoners who were taken during the battle it was ascertained that Johnson's division was the first in position to oppose the march, and that it was afterward re-enforced, previous to the fierce attacks at 4 p. m., by Rodes' division, and that General Lee had arrived upon the field and directed the column, whose assault was repulsed by the batteries on my right. That there were two divisions of the enemy in my front is confirmed by the reports of citizens to officers of the Sixth Corps, which took the position on the 28th assigned to the Third Corps for the 27th, in your circular of the 23rd ultimo.

It will thus be seen that the field upon which the battle was fought was the same as that upon which we would have been obliged to fight had I taken up the place designated in the circular above referred to, except that instead of deploying from rear to front, I should have had to deploy disadvantageously from left to right.

The conduct of the officers and men of the Third Corps engaged deserves the highest commendation. Opposed to the best troops of the rebel army, in superior numbers, and reduced by detachment, they maintained the high character which they have always held in the Army of the Potomac. The sanguinary loss of the enemy, and their repulse, leaving their dead and wounded in hospital upon the field, exhibit the prowess of the corps beyond any terms which it is in my power to express.

I respectfully refer you to the reports of the division commanders for the special mention of those most distinguished.

I desire especially to notice the manner in which the division commanders, Major-General Birney, Brigadier-General Prince, and Brigadier-General Carr, handled their respective divisions.

The difficulties presented by the topographical features of the country to the maneuvering of large masses of troops were very great. Necessarily I had to depend upon the intelligence and energy of those generals during the operations above recited. The embarrassments of the general commanding the leading division were great, but were relieved when the general commanding the army, made aware of my position, gave the order to attack. This was promptly responded to, and the divisions were put into action as they were respectively called upon in a manner reflecting great credit upon their commanders. The First Division, which had been held in reserve, threw itself into the front line at the opportune moment, deciding the fortunes of the day.

My personal and general staff were active, intelligent, and efficient.

The list of casualties* was forwarded with the reports of division commanders. The loss of the enemy, as reported by various officers and corroborated by publications in the Southern press, far exceeded our own.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. FRENCH,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Potomac.

---------------

* See p. 680.

---------------

