
[Inclosure C.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, THIRD CORPS,November 26 [27?], 1863.

Colonel O. H. HART:

COLONEL: I have watched a light which an old negro informs me is upon Rhodes' Hill, immediately the other side of Bartlett's Mill. The road which goes over the summit of the hill leads by the Zoar meeting house to 'Verdierville. With my opera-glass I could see constant movements to the left (or motions). The view was so dispersed by the trunks of the trees that I could not make out any of the light went down quite low, and I returned to camp.

The Raccoon Ford road crosses the road from here to Robertson's Tavern a mile and a half from here. The path to Flat Run Church turns out beyond this crossing; therefore I have not sent to communicate that way. Our army guides have no information of the country this side of the Rapidan. It is called 4 miles from here to Robertson's Tavern.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY PRINCE,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-I consider the indication to be that the enemy is moving to Orange Court-House.

[Inclosure D.]

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,

November 23, 1863.

Pursuant to orders from headquarters Army of the Potomac, the Third Corps will move to-morrow morning, November 24, 1863, upon the Rapidan at Jacobs' Mills, Second Division, Third Division, First Division, left in front.

Second Division: The order of march will be: one regiment, one section of rifled guns, pontoon train, the remainder of the brigade, battery of light twelves, remainder of division, remainder of rifle battery.

Third Division and one battery.

First Division and one battery.

Reserve artillery.

Upon approaching the ford, the commanding officer of the leading division will throw out one brigade toward Mitchell's Ford on his right, covering the roads on the flank in that direction. He will push forward the leading brigade. If the passage is seriously resisted, he will force the passage be placing his batteries in position and throwing troops in boats to the other side.

The other division commanders will move their infantry outside of the road, leaving it open for artillery and such vehicles as are mentioned in general orders. Upon approaching the ford, they will prepare for resistance from the right.

After crossing the ford the leading division commander will take such position (in the absence on specific orders from the corps commander) as will enable the other divisions to cross. Their positions will be relieved successively until the Sixth Corps crosses, when all of the corps will proceed, by the route indicated on the map, toward Robertson's Tavern.

