HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,December 8, 1863.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: In reply to your note of this date, in which you state that my report of the operations of the Third Corps during the recent movements of the army is unsatisfactory and will be made the subject of official investigation, I desire to state that so far as my own conduct is concerned I have no apprehensions of the result.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. FRENCH,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,January 8, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Inclosed is a copy of the New York Tribune of the 7th instant, to which I respectfully invite the attention of the major-general commanding the army to request to be informed whether the statement made by a Rev. Mr. Hall, set forth in the paragraph marked, particularly that italicized, were furnished and sanctioned by him.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. FRENCH,

Major-General of Volunteers.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL MEADE'S ACCOUNT OF HIS RETREAT.

The Rev. S. A. Hall, of Dover, N. H., recently visited the Army of the Potomac and called upon General Meade. He writes to a New Hampshire paper that he asked General Meade to explain his last campaign, and the general was kind enough to do so, as follows:

I went over the river to fight, and if my orders had been obeyed, I am confident that Lee's army might have been defeated. My plan was to cross at Germanna Ford, take the road to Orange Court-House, and push on rapidly. If Lee should send forces to stop me, to attack him in force and destroy that portion of his army before he could concentrate the whole of it to oppose me. But one of my corps commanders failed me. He was commanded to march at 6 o'clock in the morning, but did not move until 8 o'clock. He was directed, if Lee sent forces to oppose him, to attack at once. Lee did send Ewell down the Orange Court-House road, just as I expected, but my general stood and looked at him all day and did not fight. So we lost twenty-four hours, and that gave Lee notice and time to concentrate his army, and take so strong a position that it could not be carried without great loss and a risk of losing our army. Such a fight would have damaged us and encouraged the rebels, and prolonged the war, and I gave the order to retreat. The corps commander referred to was General French, who was probably too drunk to know or do his duty.

JANUARY 8, 1864.

Commanding Officer Third Corps:

I am directed by the commanding general to acknowledge the receipt of your note of this date, inclosing a copy of the New York Tribune, and calling his attention to an article therein.

The commanding general desires me to say to you that he has no

