
recollection of ever having had any conversation with the Rev. Mr. Hall, though, as he receives numerous visitors, it is not impossible this gentleman may have called on him. The commanding general is, however, quite positive he never authorized that part of the article in italics, nor does the rest of the article accurately convey his views; if, however, the commanding general had any conversation with Mr. Hall, he thinks it probable he may have told him what he has officially reported to the War Department, that it was the delay in the movements of the Third Corps, and particularly the failure to effect a junction at Robertson's Tavern on the 27th of November, which was one of the primary causes of the failure of the recent movement across the Rapidan.

The commanding general presumes this statement will not be a surprise to you, inasmuch as he directed Major-General Humphreys, chief of staff, to inform you officially that your explanation of the delay in the movements of the Third Corps was not satisfactory, and that the matter would have to be the subject of official investigation.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 43. Report of Captain John G. McBlair, Aide-de-Camp, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,December 3, 1863.

COLONEL: Leaving on the morning of the 26th of November, in pursuance of orders from general headquarters of the army to cross Jacobs' Ford and proceed from there to Robertson's Tavern, head of column reached Jacobs' Ford between 11 and 12 a. m., pontoon bridge having been thrown across and General Prince being the advanced column. Crossed the Rapidan about 5 p. m., and proceeded to the Robertson's Tavern road. The remainder of the corps (First and Third Divisions) were encamped about 7 p. m. over the Rapidan.

I was instructed by Lieutenant Colonel O. H. Hart, assistant adjutant-general at the headquarters of the Third Army Corps, in pursuance of orders from the major-general commanding, to find out whether Genera Prince's pickets had connected with Major-General Warren's on the left. I reported to General Prince, and found his command camped at the intersection of the Robertson's Tavern and Morton's Fords roads. I found that General Prince, commanding the Second Division, had not connected with General Warren. That, with dispatches from General Prince, I reported to the major-general commanding.

On the morning of the 27th, the head of column proceeded toward Robertson's Tavern, the Second Division being in the advance, the Third and First Divisions following. Between 9 and 10 a. m. a dispatch was received from General Prince, stating that he was then within a mile and a half of Robertson's Tavern. General French ordered me to report the fact to General Warren, he being on the left, near Robertson's Tavern. I crossed Jacobs' Ford, proceeded to Germanna Ford, took the plank road, and reported to the major-general commanding Second Corps. On returning to report to General French I stopped at general headquarters. There I received

