
a dispatch from General Meade to the major-general commanding Third Army Corps. When I arrived and delivered dispatches, I found that the general had been engaged with the enemy. General French then ordered me to report to General Sedgwick, commanding Sixth Corps, he being in the rear, and in supporting distance to General French, to send him a brigade. Head of column of the brigade was about reporting when General French ordered me to report to General Meade, and say that he was very heavily engaged; them it was about 5.25 p. m. I reported the fact to General Meade. He ordered me to remain for orders. I did so, and reported back to General French's headquarters at 1 o'clock on night of same day.

On the morning of the 28th, I was ordered to mass General Carr's (Third) division immediately on the right, near the Robertson's Tavern road. At 7 a. m. General Carr, taking the advance, followed by the Second and First Divisions, proceeded to Robertson's Tavern; there remained for some little time. The troops being massed there awaiting orders, General French was then ordered to support General Newton, commanding First Corps. He did so. On the evening of the same day, 5 p. m., orders were received to march to the front and there take position, General Newton, commanding First Corps, on the right, and General Warren, commanding Second Corps, on the left, toward the plank road leading to Fredericksburg, General French holding the center.

On the 29th, all remained quiet along the lines, with the exception of a little picket firing. The evening of that day, the Third and Second Divisions of the Third Corps were ordered by General Meade to support General Warren, leaving but one division to hold the center.

On the morning of the 30th, at 8.10 a. m., in pursuance of orders from general headquarters, General French advanced his skirmishers and opened fire upon the enemy, driving him from his first line of rifle-pits and occupying them until receiving orders from General Meade, through one of his aides, to fall back on his first line of battle, Second Corps failing to co-operate. General French then ordered the chief of artillery of the Third Corps to cease firing. Everything remained quiet, and General French proceeded to General Birney's headquarters. About 5.30 p. m., after General French had reconnoitered his lines from right to left, he ordered me to report to General Birney, and order him to intrench his front and rear. The general and his staff then proceeded to his headquarters. Marching orders having been received, General Prince, took the advance, striking the plank road and marching on Culpeper Ford. About 6 o'clock, in pursuance with orders from general headquarters, the whole column moved. I was ordered, when we struck New Hope Church, on the plank road, to report back to General Warren that General French's advanced column was about or near the ford. I reported back to General French, over the Rapidan, on the morning of the 2nd of December. We then marched toward Brandy Station, and arrived there, at the headquarters of the major-general commanding, at 4 a. m. on the morning of the 3rd.

I have the honor, colonel, to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. McBLAIR,

Captain, and Aide-de-Camp.

Lieutenant Colonel O. H. HART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

