
Numbers 44. Report of Major General David B. Birney, U. S. Army, commanding First Division.
HEADQUARTERS BIRNEY'S DIVISION,Camp at Brandy Station, December 4, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this division during the recent movements from November 26 to the 3rd instant:

I broke camp on the morning of the 26th ultimo, and at 8.30 a. m. followed Carr's division, keeping closed up to it during the day, reaching the pontoon bridge at dusk, crossing, and bivouacking in the field, half a mile from the river.

It was found impracticable to ascend the bluff opposite Jacobs' Mills with even an empty ambulance, and, under orders from the corps commanded, the battery attached to the division (Bucklyn's) and all the trains, ambulances, ammunition, &amp;c., were ordered to Germanna Ford. After laboring all night over almost impassable roads, Bucklyn's battery reached the division about daylight, with jaded, unfed houses, and, being the only battery that had succeeded in surmounting the difficulties presented by the road between Germanna and Jacobs' Ford, was transferred to Prince's, the leading division.

At 7 a. m., 27th of November, the march was resumed, my division bringing up the rear of the corps, following Carr's division. The head of the column encountering the enemy near the Raccoon Ford road, I was ordered by Major-General French to form a second line in rear of the center of the first line, composed of the divisions of Generals Prince and Carr, and to grant support to either when necessary during the expected battle.

I marched my division parallel to Carr, through a thick wood, some 200 paces to the rear, moving by the flank. Carr soon became hotly engaged, and formed in line of battle. I deployed the Third Brigade (Egan) in his rear as my first line, massing the Second Brigade (Ward) in the rear of its right, and the First Brigade (Collis) in rear of its left. Before the formation was completed, say within twenty minutes, General Carr informed me that the right of his line was hardly pressed, and ammunition nearly expended. I immediately ordered the Second Brigade, General Ward, to move up and relieve Carr's right, connecting with Prince's left. He did so, however, without pressing the enemy.

General Carr now reporting his center hard pressed, I moved forward the Third Brigade (Egan), relieving his entire line, excepting one regiment of Keifer's brigade, which had enjoyed favorable cover. Finding that Smith's brigade of Carr's division did not connect on the left, and that the enemy was endeavoring to turn it, I moved the Third Brigade (Egan) to the left, and ordered up my First Brigade (Collis) to the center. The musketry fire was incessant,and the enemy made constant efforts to break through my line. They were driven back, and the ridge was firmly held by us. Prince's division not advancing equally with us, enabled the enemy to plank a battery on the right that completely enfiladed my line. At dusk I advanced, my line of skirmishers holding the battle-field. During the night the enemy retired, leaving their dead, wounded, and hospitals.

At 4 a. m., 28th of November, under orders from the major-general commanding the corps, I withdrew the division a mile to rear, mass-

