
Ford, division ordnance officer, whose efficiency in bringing up the ammunition train and supplying the division, and taking from the battle- field part of the arms and destroying the rest, deserves especial commendation.

The Third Brigade (Egan's) was the most hotly engage, and acquitted itself most gallantly. Colonel Egan, for the first time in command of the brigade, exhibited much skill in handling the troops. The division is now in camp in good condition and spirits, and I have the pleasure to report that the straggling, considering that the marches were for two nights, was confined to a few.

I regret to say that the command has experienced a serious loss in the death of Lieutenant- Colonel Trepp, commanding First U. S. Sharpshooters, killed in the skirmish and advance at Mine Run.

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major- General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel O. H. HART, Assistant Adjutant- General.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. FIRST DIV., THIRD CORPS, ORDNANCE OFFICE,December 4, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the following number of arms brought off the battle- field after the late action on Friday, the 27th ultimo: Rifled muskets, 165. These guns were of Richmond, Enfield, Springfield, and other manufacture.

In addition to the above, there were collected by the detail under my charge three or four hundred guns, which, as I was unable to bring them off for want of transportation, I caused to be destroyed.

E. L. FORD,

Captain, and Ordnance Officer, First Div., Third Corps.

Major F. BIRNEY, A. A. G., First Division, Third Corps.

Numbers 45.

Report of Colonel Byron R. Pierce, Third Michigan Infantry, commanding Provisional Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT COMPOSING FIRST LINE,December 1, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that in the engagement of yesterday the following were the casualties in the regiments I had the honor to command, which composed the first line, viz:

Killed. Wounded. Missing.

Regiments.	 Office	 Enlist	 Offic	 Enlist	 Office	 Enlis

 rs.	 ed	 ers.	 ed	 rs.	 ted

 	 men.	 	 men.	 	 men.

3rd Michigan	 .....	 1	 1	 8 	 ....	 10

Volunteers

1st U. S.	 1	 .....	 ...	 5	 ....	 ....

Sharpshooters

2nd U. S.	 .....	 .....	 1	 2	 .....	 ....

Sharpshooters

124th New York	 .....	 .....	 .....	 5	 .....	 2

Volunteers

Total	 1	 1	 2	 20	 .....	 12

