
The names of the officers killed and wounded were: Lieutenant Colonel C. Trepp, First U. S. Sharpshooters, mortally wounded and since died Second Lieutenant C. Julius Fanger, Company C, Third Michigan Volunteers, wounded in arm.

The missing are known to be prisoners, mostly captured on the right of the line, within a few rods of the enemy's works.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. R. PIERCE,

Colonel Third Michigan Volunteers, Commanding First Line.

Major F. BIRNEY,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

Numbers 46. Report of Colonel Peter Sides, Fifty- seventh Pennsylvania Infantry

First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIFTY- SEVENTH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,December 6, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of our late campaign across the Rapidan:

About 9 a. m. on the 26th ultimo, we fell into line with the rest of the brigade, marched to the Rapidan River, crossing at Jacobs' Mills, and bivouacked about half a mile south of the river. Soon after daylight of the 27th, we again moved forward and about 3 p. m. formed in line of battle at Orange Grove, with the One hundred and forty- first Pennsylvania Volunteers on the left, and in rear of the Third Division, Third Corps, who were then engaging the enemy. We were soon ordered to relieve them, which we did by advancing to the front, relieving the Tenth Vermont Volunteers, and engaged the enemy till dark. About 10 p. m.m\, we were ordered back about 20 rods, the One hundred and fifth filling up the gap in front by extending their line. W	e bivouacked for the night, and the next day marched to Dobson's [Robertson's] Tavern, on the pike, then branched off to the left, moved forward about 3 miles into a pine grove, and halted for a short time, or till dark, when we were ordered to support a battery then moving into position. Supported the battery all night and the next day, 29th, and on picket all night; very cold.

The next day, 30th, were relieved from picket; moved back to our old position in rear of battery,where we remained all day. Were relieved about 4 p. m. by Third Division; moved to the right into the woods, and about 7 p. m. moved to the left on to the plank road. and double- quicked about half way back to the Rapidan, crossing, about daylight of the 1st instant, at Culpeper Ford. About 12 m. of the 1st instant, Colonel Sides was ordered to take his regiment and the Sixty- third Pennsylvania Volunteers and report to Colonel Blaisdell, to assist in guarding the army trains till they had all passed Mountain Run. Moved forward with the trains and picketed on the left side of the road at Richardsville that night. Left Richardsville about 10 a. m., and reported the Fifty- seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers and Sixty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers in their old camps about 2 p. m. on the 2nd instant.

48 R R- VOL XXIX, PT I

