
I would here remark that the men of my command behaved admirably throughout the whole campaign, with the least straggling of any march that we have ever made.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. SIDES,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant GRUGAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade.

Numbers 47. Report of Major John A. Danks, Sixty- third Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-THIRD PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,December 6, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the operations of the Sixty- third Pennsylvania Volunteers during the recent movements. On Thursday, November 26, the regiment was formed, joined the brigade, and marched to Jacobs' Ford, on the south bank. On November 27, we took our line of march for the Wilderness. The regiment was deployed as flankers during the day, and at 3 p. m. was ordered to join this brigade. I joined the brigade and formed my regiment in line of battle on the extreme left of the brigade. The enemy were in our front, and the regiment was ordered forward, and relieved the Fifth Michigan on the front line. The regiment fired a few volleys, and lay down for the night. Our loss in this skirmish was 14 wounded.

On the morning of the 28th, the regiment marched with the brigade back on the road on which it advanced, and formed with the brigade in an open field. Had breakfast and then marched with the brigade during the day. After halting for the night,the regiment was ordered forward to support a battery. There the regiment lay all night. The next day, November 29, at 2 p. m., it was ordered forward 300 yards with a battery, and ordered to erect rifle- pits and protection for the artillery. The order was obeyed. Our position was not changed during the day.

On the morning of December 1, the regiment was relieved by a regiment of the Third Division, Third Corps. I then marched my regiment to the rear a few hundred yards and joined the brigade in the woods. At 7 p. m. the regiment marched at the right of the brigade, and at 4 a. m., December 2, crossed to the north side of the Rapidan at Culpeper Mine Ford and halted until 9 a. m., when we marched with the brigade about 1 mile. Here the brigade halted for dinner, and the Sixty- third and Fifty- seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers were detailed to guard the ammunition wagons of the army and ordered to report to Colonel Blaisdell, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, Third Corps. Colonel P. Sides, of the Fifty- seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanded his own and the Sixty- Third Pennsylvania Volunteers. At 6 p. m. the regiments were deployed by companies along the wagon road as pickets.

Here we remained until the morning of December 3, 1863. The trains had all passed, and the regiment was ordered to follow on the

