
same road the wagons had gone, and when the trains had crossed Mountain Run, the orders received were to join the brigade. The trains over Mountain Run, the regiment marched to its old camping ground, where it arrived at 3 p. m. of the same day.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DANKS,

Major, Commanding Sixty- third Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Lieutenant F. C. GRUGAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, First Div., Third Corps.

Numbers 48. Report of Colonel Calvin . Craig, One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 105TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Brandy Station, Va., December 6, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and fifth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers in the late operations, from the 26th day of November to our return to this camp on the 3rd day of December:

Having complied with all preparatory orders, this regiment moved with the brigade from their encampment near Brandy Station, Va., on the morning of the 26th of November, with 19 officers and 252 enlisted men, crossing the Rapidan River soon after dark. The same evening the regiment bivouacked for the night a short distance from the river. The next morning, 27th, the regiment moved with the brigade soon after daylight, but from the fact of the troops in our front meeting with some resistance, the progress was very slow and tedious. About 3 o'clock the order came to move forward, which we did, deploying to the left of the road, forming line of battle in rear of some troops of the third Brigade, First Division, Third Corps, and some of the Third Division, Third Corps, who were then actively engaging the enemy. We remained in this position for a short time, when orders were received to move forward in line of battle, which was done, the regiment relieving a part of the front line of battle. We at once opened fire at short range, but the fire of the enemy soon slackened and the call to cease firing was sounded. The regiment occupied this position until after dark, when it was moved a short distance to the right, and remained until morning.

At daylight of the 28th day of November, the regiment again moved with the brigade and reached a position near Mine Run. On the afternoon of the same day, soon after dark, we were ordered to support Randolph's battery, taking position on the right of the battery. During the next two days, November 29 and 30, the regiment shifted its position several times, but nothing worthy of note transpired. At noon of December 1, orders were again received to be ready to march at once, but no movement was made until soon after dark, when the regiment again moved with the brigade, and recrossed the Rapidan River at daylight on the morning of the 2nd of December. This day, December 2, we moved toward our old encampment. Moving by slow and easy marches, we reached our old position, at daylight on the morning of December 3, with 19 officers and 245 enlisted men.

The loss in the regiment during the entire operations was 7 men

