
wounded. Straggling did not occur at any time. All officers and men did their duty nobly. No instance of cowardice or shrinking from duty occurred during the entire operations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

C. A. CRAIG,

Colonel One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Lieutenant F. C. GRUGAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 1st Div., 3rd Corps.

Numbers 49. Report of Major Levi B. Duff, One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 110TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Brandy Station, Va., December 6, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 26th day of November, 1863, the day of the commencement of the recent operations, the One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers was ordered to report to Lieutenant- Colonel Howard, chief quartermaster, Third Corps.

It so reported and was assigned by him to the duty of guarding the trains of the corps. On the 26th, it marched with the trains from Brandy Station to Richardsville, arriving at the latter place at 2 a. m. of the 27th. On the 27th, at 9 a. m., left Richardsville and arrived at Culpeper Mine Ford, on the Rapidan River, at 3 p. m. Remained in camp at the ford until 9 p. m. of the 28th, when the trains started for Robertson's Tavern. The regiment marched with the trains all night, and arrived at Robertson's Tavern at 2 p. m. of the 29th. The same evening, at 9 p. m., started back to the ford with the trains, and arrived there at 11 a. m., the 30th. On December 1, the regiment moved with the trains from the ford to Richardsville. Left Richardsville again at 12 m. on the 2nd of December, and arrived at Brandy Station at 3 a. m. the morning of the 3rd instant. At 9 a. m. of the 3rd was relieved by Colonel Howard and reported to Colonel Collis, commanding brigade.

The marching, though severe and continuous, was borne manfully by the officers and men of the regiment.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEVI BIRD DUFF,

Major 105th Pa. Vols., Commanding 110th Pa. Vols.

Lieutenant F. C. GRUGAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant- General.

Numbers 50. Report of Major Edward R. Bowen, One Hundred and fourteenth

Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 114TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,Brandy Station, O. and A. R. R., Va., December 6, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the part taken by my regiment during the recent operations south of the Rapidan.

On the morning of the 26th ultimo, the regiment marched with the brigade to which it is attached to Jacobs' Mills, on the e Rapidan, at

