
which place it crossed on a pontoon bridge and bivouacked for the night on the south bank of the river. In the morning, 27th ultimo, we again marched and toward noon heard considerable skirmishing in front. About 2 p. m., when we moved forward after having halted for a couple of hours, I was ordered by Colonel Collis to move on the right flank of Clark's battery (B, First New Jersey Volunteer Artillery), and, if an engagement should occur, to support it. I did so, until reaching an open field, where the battery halted and went into position, and I took up one to support it. At this time the musketry fire was very heavy, and a battery of the enemy fired a few shots a short distance to the rear of the battery I was supporting. Shortly after the engagement became general, I received an order from Colonel Collis to rejoin the brigade, unless I was under orders difficulty in finding the brigade, and forcing our way through the dense woods, I reached the brigade just at the close of the engagement, and at once, by order of Colonel Collis, relieved the One hundred and forty- first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Madill. I remained at the front during that night, moving down to the right to connect with the Second Brigade, and in the morning moving away with our brigade, and marching to Mine Run, some distance beyond Robertson's Tavern. Upon reaching this point, I was ordered to support Randolph's battery and stay near it that night; moved forward with it at daylight on the 29th ultimo, when it went into battery. I remained on the left flank of this battery and of Sleeper's Tenth Massachusetts till we were relieved on the morning of the 1st instant(having built a breastwork to protect the men in case the enemy should reply to our batteries), when I rejoined the brigade in the woods on my right, and remained there all that day, marching at dark to the plank road and on that to Culpeper crossing, on the Rapidan, which place we reached at daylight the morning of the 2nd instant. We halted on the north side till 9 a. m., when we moved on a short distance, and then halted till 12 o'clock at night, when we marched to Brandy Station and went into our former camp, a detail of 75 men and 3 officers going on picket as soon as we reached the station.

I am happy to be able to report no casualties in my regiment during the short campaign, and am, lieutenant,

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. BOWEN,

Major, Commanding 114th Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Lieutenant F. C. GRUGAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant- General.

Numbers 51. Report of Colonel Henry J. Madill, One hundred and forty- first Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 141ST REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,December 6, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with circular from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following statement with regard to the movements of my regiment in the engagement of November 27:

At 3 p. m. we entered the woods and took up a position in rear of

