
the left of the Third Division at the foot of a small hill upon which it was engaging the enemy. My regiment was on the right of the brigade and the Fifty- seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers was on my left. Soon after, by order Colonel Collis, we moved by the right flank farther to the right and in rear of the right of the Third Division, forming the second line of battle. At this point we were within range of the enemy's guns.

We remained here but a short time before moving back to the position at the foot of the hill on left. At 4 p. m. the regiment was advanced in line of battle up and across the hill to a rail fence at the edge of the woods, where the Tenth Vermont was posted, which we relieved. We held this position, engaging the enemy until dark, when the firing ceased, and soon after we were relieved by the One hundred and fourteenth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, and fell back and occupied a position about 20 rods in rear of said regiment. While advancing across the hill and while at the rail fence we were under a severe fire from the enemy. The loss was 1 officer and 2 men killed and 9 or 10 men wounded.*

All remained quiet during the night, and in the morning the regiment marched in rear of the Sixty- third Pennsylvania Volunteers when leaving the woods.

I have the pleasure of reporting that my officers and men behaved well, and that I am proud of the bearing of my regiment.

H. J. MADILL,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant F. C. GRUGAN, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

Numbers 52. Report of Colonel Thomas W. Egan, Fortieth New York Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION,December 6, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with orders from division headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of this brigade since the 26th ultimo:

On the morning of Tuesday, the 26th of November, at 9 o'clock, broke up camp and marched with the division as second brigade in column, toward Jacobs' Mills Ford road, on the Rapidan, which we crossed at dark, and bivouacked for the night. The following morning, November 27, we again marched, preceded by the Second and Third Division, toward Bartlett's Mill, with the Third Michigan deployed as flankers on the e right flank of the brigade, and massed at the intersection of the Jacobs' Mills Ford road with Morton's Ford road, and in rear of the Third Brigade of the Third Division, by sending two companies of about 50 men each 250 yards down the road, and near Mine Run. These pickets were withdrawn as soon as the division passed. At 3 p. m., in obedience to orders, we again moved forward to support the Second and Third Divisions, which were already engaging the enemy in our front, and formed line of battle in rear of the Third

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 681.

---------------

