
the killed was Lieutenant- Colonel Trepp, of the First U. S. Sharpshooters, an officer of the highest merit, and one whose military knowledge and achievements have long been the admiration of all who knew him.

On the morning of December 1, the Fortieth New York was sent out on picket, relieving the First U. S. Sharpshooters and a part of Ward's brigade, the Third Michigan and Fortieth New York holding the picket line of the division until withdrawn at 3 a. m. of Wednesday, by Colonel Taylor, division officer of the day.

Shortly after dark the division commenced moving toward Culpeper Ford, on the Rapidan, bringing up the rear of the column, and arriving at the river about 6 a. m. December 2, crossed and bivouacked. During the night of the 2nd, we pushed on and reached our camps at Brandy Station about 6 a. m., Thursday, December 3, 1863, and found the Third Michigan and Fortieth New York already in camp, they having crossed Germanna Ford and arrived in camp about 5 p. m. of the 2nd instant.

I have to thank my staff most heartily for their very efficient services on every occasion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. EGAN,

Colonel Fortieth New York Vols., Commanding Third Brigadier

Major F. BIRNEY,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

Numbers 53. Report of Brigadier General Henry Prince, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.

CAMP NEAR BRANDY STATION, VA.,

December 6, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with orders from corps headquarters received at 6.30 a. m., the head of my column moved at 7.30 a. m. on the morning of the 26th instant [ultimo!]. Our route lay across Mountain Run at Ross' Mill, and thence, by an obscure route, shown to us by a guide from headquarters of the corps, to Jacobs' Mills, on the Rapidan. No delay whatever was experienced, that I am aware of, in arriving at Jacobs' Mills, other than that the roads were very heavy and everything moved laboriously.

Having no knowledge whatever of the place where I was to cross, I personally reconnoitered it before I could make any arrangements for crossing. This was done in the time that one could ride over the ground requisite to be explored. I then detailed the Twenty- sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lieutenant- Colonel Bodine, to be deployed in two lines of skirmishers at 150 yards distance. Also detailed the Eleventh Regiment New Jersey Volunteers, Colonel McAllister, to form a crossing party. I designated a position to the left of the house on the hill on this side of the ford for the Napoleon battery, and the right- hand side for the rifle battery under my command. The batteries were passed to the front of the pontoon train, upon the road in the woods, and all were instructed to move forward

