
me in the most energetic and intelligent manner by my personal staff calls for my profound and sincere thanks.

Very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

HENRY PRINCE,

Brigadier- General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel O. H. HART,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

Numbers 54. Report of Colonel Napoleon B. McLaughlen, First Massachusetts Infantry, First Brigade.

CAMP NEAR BRANDY STATION, VA.,

December 3, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that on the morning of November 26, at daybreak, this regiment, in connection with the balance of the brigade, broke camp and moved left in front toward the Rapidan, crossing that stream at Jacobs' Mills at about 4 p. m., then continued its march slowly 2 miles beyond, bivouacking for the night at 5.30 p. m., two companies being detailed for picket duty. On the morning of the 27th, stood to arms for half an hour before until shortly after daybreak, when we were ordered to take the advance of the brigade, retrace our steps about three- quarters of a mile, and then to advance upon a road leading to the left. After advancing about 1 mile, we met the pickets of the enemy and halted. At 10 a. m. we again advanced, skirmishing with the enemy through a dense woods, and pressing back his skirmishers until we met his line of battle, when we were ordered to halt and hold our position, which we did until relieved, at 4 p. m., by the Eleventh New Jersey and Fifth Excelsior Volunteers, heavy skirmishing continuing during the time. We then fell back about 500 yards, where we were held in reserve and as support to Battery K. Fourth U. S. Artillery, and a section of Clark's (First New Jersey) battery. About half past 4 p. m. the engagement became general, ending with darkness, our loss during the day being 1 killed and 8 wounded, the regiment taking 7 prisoners, 3 being wounded.

We were relieved on the morning of the 28th at daylight, and marched toward the left through a heavy rain, and arrived at Robertson's Tavern at 2.30 p. m., halted for about two hours, and then resumed our march westward about 2 miles, and there halted for the night, 150 men being detailed for picket duty. On the morning of the 29th, marched at 6 o'clock on a reconnaissance to the left, and formed connection with General Warren's corps.

On the 30th, received orders to move at 2 a. m. to the left and report to General Warren, Second Army Corps. Formed line of battle in front of enemy's work, and there remained during the day. At dark ordered to move again to the right and report to General French. Bivouacked at 7.30 p. m. in piece of woods.

December 1, at 12 m., received orders to proceed to Parker's Store, on the plank road, and report to General Gregg as support to the cavalry division; remained here until daylight of the 2nd, when we moved from Parker's Store in connection with the cavalry, acting as rear guard; crossed the Rapidan at Culpeper Mine Ford at 1 p. m.m thence proceeded to Ely's Ford, thence to a point some 3 miles

