
beyond, where we received one day's rations and bivouacked for the night; moved at 8 a. m., December 3, and arrived in camp in old position at 3.30 p. m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. McLAUGHLEN,

Colonel First Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant JOS. H. CHASE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant- General.

Numbers 55. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Porter D. Tripp, Eleventh Massachusetts Infantry.

CAMP NEAR BRANDY STATION, VA.,

December 4, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to forward to you the following official report of this regiment during the late engagement of November 26 to December 3, 1863, both inclusive:

On the morning of the 26th of November, in obedience to instructions from superior headquarters, the regiment left camp at 7 o'clock and marched in the direction of Jacobs' Ford, and crossing that place at 3 p. m. Not meeting with any interruption in crossing the ford, we began slowly to advance, and had proceeded about 3 miles south of the river, when we found the enemy in full force. Withdrawing to the woods, we bivouacked for the night, having marched a distance of 16 miles. Next morning, November 27, we began slowly to advance through the woods, and came upon the enemy's pickets. Skirmishers were thrown out by the First Massachusetts and this regiment, as support on the right. Slowly advancing and this regiment, as support on the right. Slowly advancing through the woods into an open field, tearing down a fence, we came upon the enemy's pickets, and proceeded down a small hill; and on arriving at the edge of the woods received a full volley from the enemy's front. Advancing through the woods, we found that the enemy had concentrated what force they had in our front. I immediately threw our skirmishers, and found that the enemy was retreating down to the left. Having been under fire two- thirds of the day, we withdrew to the woods and bivouacked for the night.

November 28, left the woods and proceeded to Robertson's Tavern, where we halted until 5 p. m., when we moved about a mile and a half farther on the left, and bivouacked for the night. November 29, left camp and proceeded farther to the left, to connect with the Second Corps. Halting for the night, we proceeded the next morning, November 30, and joined the Second Corps on the left of the plank road leading to the Gordonsville pike. Here we remained in position until 5 p. m., when we began to gradually fall back, and halted for the night in the woods near Robertson's farm. Next morning, November 30, we proceeded to act as a support for Greggs' division of cavalry, and remained with them until the 3rd of December. Recrossed the river, December 2, at Culpeper Ford, halting for the night about 5 miles from the river, and next morning proceeded to our present camp, arriving about 4 p. m.

I take this opportunity of expressing my entire satisfaction to both the officers and men of this regiment for the gallant manner in which they behaved during the battle of the 27th of November, and also

