
my entire satisfaction for the behavior of the conscripts of this regiment, it being the first time that they had been under fire.

Annexed is a correct list of casualties of the regiment.*

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PORTER D. TRIPP,

Lieutenant- Colonel, Commanding Eleventh Mass. Vols.

Lieutenant JOS. H. CHASE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant- General.

Numbers 56. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Waldo Merriam, Sixteenth Massachusetts Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTEENTH MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS,December 5, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that on the 26th ultimo I broke camp and with the rest of the brigade took up the march for Jacobs' Ford, crossing the Rapidan at 3.30 p. m., bivouacking at night about 1 mole from the ford. On the 27th ultimo, about 3.30 p. m., I was ordered into line on the right of the road leading to Robertson's Tavern, the First Massachusetts skirmishing in front. After a few minutes I was ordered to take position on the left of the brigade, which I accomplished on the double- quick, under a desultory sharpshooting fire; from thence I advanced with the brigade, keeping a line of skirmishers in advance, half way up the hill in front, and when the attack was made by the enemy on the right, I advanced in line with the Twenty- sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, the skirmishers having been driven in to a fence on the crest of hill, exchanging fire with the enemy, who were posted in some woods across an open field. After remaining here for a few moments, I found the line had fallen back on my right and the Third Division, supposed to have been on the left, was not in sight. Judging it not prudent to hod my position without support, I then withdrew to the rear of Seeley's battery, where I reformed my regiment and rejoined the brigade about dusk.

At daylight of the 28th, marched to Robertson's Tavern, halting at 10 p. m., with the balance of the division, on the left of the corps. On the 29th, moved to the left, toward the Second Corps, on the plank road. On the 30th, started at 2 a. m. and went into line on the left of the brigade, connecting with the right of Webb's brigade of the Second Corps. December 1, marched with the brigade down the plank road and took position at Parker's Store. December 2, marched to Culpeper Ford, crossed and halted at Richardsville, where rations were issued to the regiment after suffering for nearly two days without them. December 3, 8.30 a. m., started for camp at Brandy Station, arriving at 3.30 p. m.

List of casualties is annexed.+

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WALDO MERRIAM,

Lieutenant- Colonel Sixteenth Massachusetts.

Lieutenant CHASE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 4 min killed, 2 officers and 13 men wounded, and 7 men missing.

+Nominal list (omitted) shows 15 men wounded and 2 men missing.

---------------

