
Numbers 57. Report of Colonel Robert McAllister, Eleventh New Jersey Infantry.

NEAR BRANDY STATION, VA.,

December 4, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor, in accordance with orders from corps headquarters, to report relative to the part my regiment took in the late campaign and battle beyond the Rapidan, as follows:

Thursday, November 26.- Broke camp in the morning and moved toward the river. At 1 p. m. arrived at Jacobs' Ford. Colonel Blaisdell, commanding the brigade, ordered me to march down to the river, close by the pontoons, and as soon as a boat was launched in the water, man it with 25 men and cross without delay. We soon reached the opposite shore, deployed as skirmishers, and marched up to the crest of the hill, where we discovered a few rebel cavalry, who fired a few shots and disappeared. I then advanced the line until ordered to halt for further orders. In about one and a half hours the column moved forward, the rebels firing occasionally and retreating. On arriving at a creek and mill we halted, countermarched, and bivouacked in the woods for the night.

November 27.- Up early and moved on a road leading to Roberson's Tavern. The enemy crossed our road, and disputed our passage. Skirmishers were thrown out, and we continued our advance for a short time, when the enemy showed himself in force. I was then ordered to support the skirmishers, which I did for one and a half hours as circumstances required, when I was ordered to relieve Colonel McLaughlen, which order I obeyed, with my right resting on the road, advancing my pickets to the fence, the regiment being close in their rear. The enemy fired rapidly; Lieutenant- Colonel Schoonover went in person on the picket line, directed its operations, increased our fire, and drove the enemy back. The fire now slackened and everything seemed to be working favorably. The enemy advanced in force; the Twenty- sixth Pennsylvania, on my left, gave way, carrying back with it some few of our men. Major Halsey and myself soon brought them back. The Twenty- sixth Pennsylvania rallied, and all fought splendidly. In a short time, the Fifth Excelsior Regiment on my right gave way. Shortly holding the enemy in check, until the ground on my flanks was occupied by the enemy in force. Three minutes more and we would have been taken prisoners. I then ordered my men to fall back. In doing so Johnson, the color bearer, on reaching the open space at the cross- roads in the woods, stopped, unfurled the national flag, and waved it in the face of the enemy. On arriving at the battery we reformed and joined the brigade at division headquarters, formed in line of battle, and lay down to rest.

Our loss in the battle was: 6 killed, 20 wounded, 2 missing, and 2 taken prisoners; in all 30.

With but few exceptions, our officers and men did well. I cannot, however, refrain from favorably mentioning the names of Lieutenant- Colonel Schoonover, Major Halsey, and Adjutant Beach. They acquitted themselves with honor.

November 28.- At 1 a. m. ordered to advance on the picket line, where we remained until early dawn, then moved with the column

