
toward and past Robertson's Tavern; bivouacked for the night between the turnpike and plank road toward Orange Court- House.

November 29.- Moved forward toward the plank road to support General Warren; bivouacked in the woods for the night.

November 30.- Ordered to report to General Warren; moved up the plank road; filed off to the left in line of battle in front of the enemy's works preparatory to a charge; lay there until evening; returned 3 miles, and bivouacked for the night.

December 1.- At 12 m. ordered to report with the brigade to General Gregg down the plank road at Parker's Store; arrived at 3 p. m.; formed line of battle along the road and remained there until daylight next morning.

December 2.- At early- dawn, moved with and in rear of the brigade; nothing in rear of us but one regiment of cavalry; came down the plank road toward Chancellorsville, then struck off in the direction of Culpeper Ford; crossed on pontoons, then moved down to Ely's Ford; then turned in direction of camp, and bivouacked for the night.

December 3.- At 8 a. m. started at the head of the brigade, and reached this camp early in the evening.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. McALLISTER,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant JOS. H. CHASE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant- General.

Numbers 58. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Robert L. Bodine, Twenty- sixth Pennsylvania Infantry.

CAMP NEAR BRANDY STATION, VA.,

December 5, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report, for the information of the colonel commanding, that my regiment left camp on the morning of November 26, and marched to Jacobs' Ford on the Rapidan, which was crossed without opposition same day. Was again put in the advance and crossed Mine Run at dusk, driving away the rebel pickets, and went into bivouac near Tinsley's Mill.

November 27.- Marched early, and as the brigade became engaged, I was ordered to deploy to left of the road. At 123.30 p. m. I threw skirmishers to cover the left flank, who soon became briskly engaged. I deeply regret the loss of Captain John D. Sloan, Company I, who had command of the skirmishers, and was killed early in the action. My regiment was then advanced and became warmly engaged until some troops on the left gave way, when it was forced to retire, to prevent being outflanked and captured, and reformed in rear of the batteries; was soon, however, moved to the front, and lay in line until next morning.

November 28.- Withdrew and marched to vicinity of Robertson's Tavern. Resumed the march at dusk, and bivouacked near First and Third Divisions.

November 29.- Started early on a reconnaissance toward the front, and bivouacked near plank road.

49 R R- VOL XXIX, PT I

