
I sent to Richmond after I returned to camp, in obedience to the instructions from the brigadier-general commanding.

I am, lieutenant, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS L. ROSSER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant HENRY C. LEE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 16, 1863.

The officer should not have allowed the appropriation of the goods captured or their sale. They should have been turned over to the quartermaster or handed to the civil authorities.

J. A. S. [SEDDON,]

Secretary.

ADDENDA.

Numbers 32.- JOINT RESOLUTION of thanks to Commander John Taylor Wood, and the officers and men under his command, for daring and brilliant conduct.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the thanks of the Congress of the Confederate States are due, and are hereby tendered, to Commander John Taylor wood, C. S. Navy, and to the officers and men under his command, for the daring and brilliantly executed plans which resulted in the capture of the U. S. transport schooner Elmore, on the Potomac River; of the ship Alleghany, and the U. S. gunboats Satellite and Reliance, and the U. S. transport schooner Golden Rod, Coquette, and Two Brothers, on the Chesapeake, and, more recently, in the capture from under the guns of the enemy's works of the U. S. gunboat Underwriter, on the Neuse River, near New Berne, N. C., with the officers and crews of the several vessels brought off as prisoners.

Approved February 15, 1864.

AUGUST 23, 1863.- Capture of Blockade Runner Hebe by U. S. Navy.

Report of Major General John G. Foster, U. S. Army, commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina.*

FORT MONROE, VA., August 28, 1863-1.40 a. m.

(Received 2 a. m.)

The U. S. steamer Western World, Captain Gregory, arrived at 11 p. m., from the blockading squadron off Wilmington.

Captain Gregory reports that he left the squadron at 4 o'clock on Monday evening, 24th; that during the night he encountered a gale, into Beaufort for temporary repairs. He left Beaufort on Wednesday evening at 10 o'clock.

---------------

*For reports of Actg. Rear-Admiral S. P. Lee, Captain Pierce Crosby, Commanders N. B. Harrison and T. H. Patterson, Lieutenant Commander W. B. Cushing, and Actg. Ensigns J. B. Breck and E. H. Dewey, U. S. Navy, see Annual Report of the Secretary of the Navy, December 7, 1863.

---------------

