
November 30.- Moved at 3 a. m. and took position on left of plank road in front of the enemy's works. Lay in line of battle all day. Withdrew from front at dusk, and bivouacked near position of 28th.

December 1.- Marched at noon to Parker's Store, on plank road, to support General Gregg's cavalry division.

December 2.- Marched at daylight, and recrossed the Rapidan at Culpeper Ford at 11 a. m. Encamped for the night at Richardsville.

December 3.- Resumed the march at 8.30 a. m., and reached our former camp about 3 o'clock same day.

The following is a list of casualties in the regiment during the action and march:*

I have the honor to remain, yours, truly,

ROBERT L. BODINE,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Twenty- sixth Pa. Vols.

Lieutenant JOS. H. CHASE, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

Numbers 59. Report of Colonel Milton Opp, Eighty- fourth Pennsylvania Infantry.

CAMP NEAR BRANDY STATION, VA.,

December 4, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this regiment, in connection with the First Brigade, Second Division, Third Corps, from the 26th of November to the 3rd of December, 1863, inclusive:

November 26.- Marched at sunrise to the Rapidan, crossing at Jacobs' Ford, going 3 miles on the either side, and bivouacking.

November 27.- Marched at sunrise 2 miles and met the enemy, engaging him in line of battle from 1 p.m. until dark, and bivouacking on the field in line.

November 28.- Marched forward to feel the position of the enemy at 5 a. m. and, finding him gone, marched to the left, via Robertson's Tavern, and bivouacked near Mine Run.

November 29.- Moved toward our left 1 mile, and bivouacked.

November 30.- Moved at 4 a. m. to our extreme left, and formed in line in front of the enemy's works, remaining until dark, when we moved back to the center and bivouacked.

December 1.- Marched down the Orange and Fredericksburg plank road to Parker's Store to support General Gregg's cavalry, and bivouacked.

December 2.- Marched as rear guard, at daylight, to the Rapidan, crossing at Culpeper Ford, and bivouacking.

December 3.- Marched at 8 a. m. to Brandy Station, arriving at our old camp at 4 p. m.

Casualties in the engagement near Jacobs' Ford, on the Rapidan, November 27, 1863: Wounded, 1 officer and 8 men; missing, 1 officer and 4 men.*

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MILTON OPP,

Lieutenant Colonel 48th Ps. Vols., Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant JOS. H. CHASE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant- General.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) embodied in revised statement, p.681.

---------------

