
No. 60. Report of Colonel J. Egbert Farnum, Seventieth New York Infantry, Second Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST EXCELSIOR, NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Brandy Station, December 4, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the movements of this regiment from November 26 to December 2:

Pursuant to orders this regiment broke camp at this place on the 26th of November, 1863, at 7 a. m., and, in connection with the other regiments comprising the brigade, marched to and crossed the Rapidan at Jacobs' Ford, bivouacking at Jones' farm at the distance of about 1 mile from the ford.

On Friday, the 27th instant, we took up the line of march, and halting near One- Mile Run, the regiment, at 3.30 p. m., was ordered to the front to support the First Brigade of this division, which was heavily engaged with the enemy in our immediate front. Upon reaching the skirmish line of the First Brigade, the regiment was halted and formed in line of battle on the Orange plank road. Soon after taking its position, the Second and Third Regiments of this brigade joined it, the Second taking position on the right and the Third on the left of my position. At about 4 p. m. the enemy opened a brisk fire on my left, which we replied to and silenced for a short time. At about 4.30 p. m. the fire was renewed on my left and front, and in answering it the regiment advanced upon and drove the enemy from his position to the distance of about 1 mile beyond the Orange plank road, capturing several prisoners and doing considerable damage by the steady fire which they maintained upon the retreating enemy.

Returning to and forming line upon the plank road, the enemy opened with grape and canister on our flank, and we were obliged to fall back some 200 yards to the cover of a small hill. We remained in this position until 5.30 a. m. of the 28th, when we were marched, with sundry halts, to about 3 miles beyond Robertson's Tavern, where we bivouacked for the night. At about 6 a. m. on the 29th, we marched in the direction of the plank road and halted within about 1 1\2 miles from Verdierville, where we remained until 1.30 on the morning of the 30th, when we again took up the march and arrived at Mine Run on the Orange plank road at about 4 a. m. We were then formed in line of battle in rear of the First Brigade of this division, which formed the first line of the three lines of battle there formed. We remained in line until dusk, and then we were marched to the rear, a distance of 2 miles, bivouacking until early evening of the 1st instant, when we were marched to the Culpeper Mine Ford, and recrossed the Rapidan at 3.30 a. m. of the 2nd. Bivouacking for a few hours, we again took up the march, and arrived at our old camp at this place at 5.30 p. m. on the 3rd.

In the action of the 27th of November, the regiment sustained its former reputation in every respect and added new laurels to those gained on other fields. All were brave; all were soldiers.

Our loss in the engagement was 1 killed and 7 wounded.*

J. EGBERT FARNUM,

Colonel 1st Regiment Excelsior Brigade (70th New York Vols.).

Captain J. P. FINKELMEIER, Assistant Adjutant- General.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 681.

---------------

