
Numbers 61. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John Leonard, Seventy- second New York Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRD REGIMENT, EXCELSIOR BRIGADE,Camp near Brandy Station, Va., December 4, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the regiment under my command during the recent operations:

On the 27th of November, about 3 p. m., I received an order to march my regiment to the support of Colonel Blaisdell's brigade. Lieutenant Lockwood, of Colonel Brewster's staff, conducted me to the right of the line, where I took position in line on the right of the Eighty- fourth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers. About the time I got my regiment formed in line, the Eighty- fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers broke, leaving a large interval on my left unprotected, and through which the enemy were moving and attempting to turn our flank. About this time I ordered the regiment to charge, which they did, driving the enemy about half a mile through the woods and across an open field, at the south side of which they had a rifle pit. I halted the regiment at the open field, and in a short time marched back to the road, being fearful that I might be flanked, after having penetrated so far within their lines. As I got to the road I found that they had just planted a gun a short distance from our left, from which they poured grape and canister upon us, but with little effect. We remained in this position until ordered back. All of which is respectfully submitted.

JOHN LEONARD,

Lieutenant- Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. P. FINKELMEIER, Assistant Adjutant- General.

Numbers 62. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Michael W. Burns, Seventy- third New York Infantry.
HDQRS. FOURTH REGIMENT, EXCELSIOR BRIGADE,Camp near Brandy Station, December 3, 1863.

CAPTAIN: Pursuant to a circular from brigade headquarters, of this date, I have the honor respectfully to report that this command have no casualties to report, it having been detailed to guard the trains of the Third Army Corps, under command of Lieutenant- Colonel Howard, chief quartermaster, Third Corps. The regiment guarded the Third Division train on the 26th and 27th of November, and on the 28th, 29th, and 30th of November and 1st and 2nd of December guarded the Second Division train. During the above dates the utmost vigilance was exercised in guarding the trains by pickets at night and flankers by day, and the regiment was disposed of as seemed best for the protection of the transportation of the corps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. WM. BURNS,

Lieutenant- Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. P. FINKELMEIER,

Assistant Adjutant- General, Excelsior Brigade.

