
Numbers 63. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William H. Lounsbury, Seventy- fourth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTY- FOURTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,December 3, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I would most respectfully transmit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the late movement:

My command went in line with the brigade early on the morning of the 27th of November, and proceeded to Jacobs' Ford, crossing the same, about 2 p. m., without meeting opposition, and camped, the same evening after meeting the enemy's skirmishers and discovering their position. The following morning we took up a line of march toward Orange Court- House, supporting the First Massachusetts. The regiment advanced to about 6 miles of Locust Grove, on the road leading to Culpeper, when my command was attached to the First Brigade, Colonel William Blaisdell commanding, and was shortly after sent to relieve the First Massachusetts, which was in advance, Shortly after taking position, my skirmishers were advanced, and soon became engaged with the enemy, who were strongly posted behind a rail fence running parallel with a cross- road leading from the turnpike. From this position, however, the enemy were soon dislodged, and fled in some confusion into a wood about 200 yards distant, from which they kept up a brisk fire with my skirmishers. This continued for about half an hour, when the enemy made a heavy charge on my line, and succeeded it forcing it from the woods into the open field in the rear, upon which was posted Battery I, Fourth Artillery, which opened a heavy fire upon them, causing them to waver. The regiment immediately rallied, and the enemy were driven back to their former position with great loss, and my command retained its position during the night.

The following morning took up the line of march to Robertson's Tavern, reaching that place about 12m., and the same evening advancing about 3 miles. Next day advanced to the enemy's position and bivouacked in front of the center of their lines. On the morning of the 30th, fell in and took position on the left of the plank road, where we remained till night, when we fell back to a position about 2 miles to the rear. On the evening of December 2, were ordered to move, and took up line of march for Culpeper Ford, which we crossed about 2 o'clock next morning. Halting a few hours for rest, we started for Brandy Station, which we reached about 6 p. m. of the 2nd. The following is the loss sustained by this regiment in the engagement of the 27th ultimo; killed, 1; wounded, 9.*

During the movement I was indebted to Major Henry M. Alles for consequence of severe indisposition, I was obliged frequently to give up the immediate command of the regiment to him.

During the engagement of the 27th, the regiment behaved excellently, and both officers and men performed their utmost, and were only driven back when their ammunition was exhausted and they were overpowered by numbers.

W. H. LOUNSBURY,

Lieutenant- Colonel, Commanding Seventy- fourth N. Y Vols.

Captain J. P. FINKELMEIER, Assistant Adjutant- General.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) embodied in revised statement, p. 681.

---------------

