
Numbers 64. Report of Major John R. Tappen, One hundred and twentieth New York Infantry.

CAMP NEAR BRANDY STATION, VA.,

December 3, 1863.

MAJOR: I respectfully submit the following report of an action in which my regiment was engaged during the past week:

On the morning of the 27th of November, I was ordered by Colonel Brewster, commanding brigade, to report to Colonel Blaisdell, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, Third Corps, and to take position in line on the right of the Eleventh Massachusetts Volunteers, then lying in front of a wood near Mine Run. As soon as my regiment was in position, the line was advanced some distance into the woods. I advanced my regiment with them without further orders. In about half an hour Colonel Blaisdell came up and ordered me not to advance any farther until he had sent a regiment to connect on my right, which he said he would send immediately. No such regiment arrived.

In the meantime an officer commanding the line of skirmishers in our front informed me that the enemy were advancing a heavy line of skirmishers on my right, and he was afraid he would not be able to hold his position any length of time. In another half an hour the enemy's lines were advanced, driving in our skirmishers. We opened a heavy fire, and in a short space soon broke their first line, but they advanced again, apparently re- enforced by a second line and overlapping our right, in turn compelling us to fall back and retire from the woods. I again formed in position on the right of Colonel Blaisdell's brigade. Soon after so forming, by order of Colonel Brewster, I removed my regiment and took position on the left of the Excelsior Brigade, then in the edge of the woods, and remained there until the brigade was marched out the next morning. The following is a list of casualties.*

I am, sir, yours, &amp;c.,

J. R. TAPPEN,

Major, Commanding.

Captain J. P. FINKELMEIER,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

Numbers 65. Report of Brigadier General Gershom Mott, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., THIRD CORPS,December 4, 1863.

MAJOR: In compliance with circular from headquarters of the Third Corps, dated 3rd instant, I have the honor to report the part taken by my brigade during the late movement of the Army of the Potomac.

I left camp on the morning of the 26th ultimo, following the Second Brigade of this division, at 8.30 a. m., taking the road to Jacobs' Mills. On arriving at the point where the road turns off which

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 3 men killed, 8 men wounded, and 1 man missing.

---------------

