
leads to Mithcell's Ford, I was detached to guard that ford. I marched my command to where the roads fork, one leading to Mitchell's, the other to Raccoon Ford. I here halted and threw out the Seventh New Jersey as pickets to Mitchell's Ford, supported by the One hundred and fifteenth Pennsylvania, and a portion of the Eighth New Jersey on the road leading to Raccoon Ford, to prevent surprise in that direction.

My brigade should have been relieved by a brigade of the Sixth Corps, but, through some misunderstanding. I was left there until the evening of the 27th ultimo, after I had sent a staff officer to the corps commander asking for instructions.

The enemy had a strong picket on the opposite side of the Rapidan, and on the afternoon of the 27th formed a line of battle, consisting of about one regiment, during the time that the Third Corps was engaged. I withdrew my pickets after dark and marched to rejoin the division, taking the road to Germanna Ford, crossing the river at that place (the bridges at Jacobs' Mills having been taken up), marched by the plank road and turnpike toward Robertson's Tavern, and bivouacked at 2 a. m. of the 28th. At 6 a. m. resumed the march and joined the division. At about 9 a. m. marched with the division and bivouacked for the night near Robertson's Tavern.

At 8.30 a. m. of the 29th, started with the division on a reconnaissance toward the enemy's right to open communication with the First Corps, which was marching on the Fredericksburg and Gordonsville plank road, which was readily accomplished. After which I bivouacked for the night on the right of the Second Corps.

At 2 a. m. of the 30th, started with the division to the south side division, Second Corps, my brigade occupying the third line. At this time the Sixth New Jersey was deployed to cover the front of the division. I stayed in this position until dusk, when ordered to rejoin the Third Corps, and took a position on the left of the Third Division, where I bivouacked and remained until 6 p. m. of the 1st instant, when I marched for the Rapidan, crossing at Culpeper Ford at 3 a. m. of the 2nd instant. Halted on this side, and resumed the march at 9 a. m., reaching this camp at 4 p.m.

My command not being engaged with the enemy at any time during the movement, I have no casualties to report, except a number of stragglers, the majority of whom were recruits.

I inclose regimental reports; also a list of stragglers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. MOTT,

Brigadier- General.

Major CHARLES HAMLIN, Assistant Adjutant- General.

Numbers 66. Report of Major Frederick Cooper, Seventh New Jersey Infantry.

CAMP NEAR BRANDY STATION, VA.,

December 6, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Seventh New Jersey Volunteers in the late movements of the Army of the Potomac:

On the morning of November 26, we broke camp and marched to

