
Mitchell's Ford, on the Rapidan, where we remained with the brigade, guarding the ford and watching the movements of the enemy until 5 p. m. of the 27th, when we received orders to join the division on the other side of the river. We joined the division on the afternoon of the 28th, after a severe march. On the morning of the 29th, we were under arms at 4.30 o'clock and marched with the division toward the plank road to determine the position of the enemy, my regiment being in advance. I threw out skirmishers and advanced slowly under direction of Generals Prince and Mott. We reached the plank road, driving some few of the enemy's pickets away, and found the Second Corps marching along the road. We then fell back a short distance and began to skirmish to the right to gain a position on the right of the Second Corps and left of the Third Division, Third Corps. We gained the position about sundown, Driving the enemy's pickets in, we established the connection and encamped for the night. My regiment was relieved at 8 p. m. by the Eighth New Jersey.

On the morning of the 30th, we marched with the division to a position on the left of the plank road and remained in line of battle until about 1 p. m., when we marched back some distance and bivouacked for the night. December 1, remained quiet all day. About 7 p. m. we marched with the division toward the Rapidan, and crossed the river about 3 o'clock on the morning of the 2nd; bivouacked for a few hours and then marched to our old camp near Brandy Station, arriving there about 4 p. m.

I have no casualties to report, except the loss of 3 by straggling, viz, Private Henry Smith, Company A; Private George W. Courter, Company B, and Corpl. James Gilmartin, Company F.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FREDERICK COOPER,

Major, Commanding Seventh New Jersey Volunteers.

Captain T. W. EAYRE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, Second Div., Third Corps.

Numbers 67. Report of Brigadier General Joseph B. Carr, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division.

NEAR BRANDY STATION, VA.,

December 4, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my division during the recent operations of the Third Corps, from November 23 to this date:

On November 23, orders were received from headquarters Third Army Corps, directing the command to move next morning. November 24, at daylight, the Second Division to be in advance, Third Division in the center, and First Division in rear, the column to march left in front. At 6.30 a. m., November 24, a copy of a telegram from headquarters Army of the Potomac was received, through headquarters Third Corps, directing that, owing to the unfavorable state of the weather, the troops should not leave their camps until further orders. At 6 a. m.m November 26, orders were received from

