
headquarters Third Corps directing the command to move as directed in circular from the same headquarters dated November 23.

The command moved shortly after 7 a. m. Just before starting a detail of 200 men was made from the division, to serve as a guard for the corps train. The division crossed Mountain Run at Ross' Mills at 9.45 a. m., and reached the Rapidan, near Jacobs' Mills, at 2 p. m. Crossed the river at 4 p. m., and was directed by Major- General French to follow the Second Division, and bivouac for the night between it and the First Division, and to picket the front strongly. The march was continued after crossing the river for about 3 miles, when it was discovered that the Second Division had taken the wrong road. The command was countermarched, returning to within a mile of the river, and bivouacking for the night. At 7 a. m., November 27, the march was resumed on the road to Robertson's Tavern, the orders from corps headquarters being to follow the Second Division closely and to throw out strong flanking parties on the right flank. The column moved slowly froward, making frequent halts. At 9.10 a. m. a few musket shots were heard in front. At 11.25 halted on the edge of a field on the left of the road, and about 3 miles from Jacobs' Mills. At 12.30 the firing in front became quite brisk. About 2.30 p. m. the division was ordered up to take position on the left of the Second Division, and to connect, if possible, with the right of the Second Corps. The division, marching left in front, filed into the woods on the left of the road. I directed General Morris, commanding First Brigade, to connect with the left of the Second Division; Colonel Keifer, with the Second Brigade, to form on the left of the First, and Colonel Smith, with the Third Brigade, to continue the line on the left of the Second. General Morris, on moving up to connect with the Second Division, found the enemy posted behind a fence on the crest of a hill in his front. I ordered him to charge and drive them from it, which he did, driving the enemy through the fields beyond. This position was held by our troops until the close of the engagement. The troops had barely time to take the positions assigned them when the engagement became general along the entire line. The enemy made repeated attempts to advance in front of the brigades of General Morris and Colonel Keifer, but were repulsed each time with heavy loss.

Colonel Smith, commanding Third Brigade, failed to retain his position on the left of the Second Brigade, assigning as a reason the difficult nature of the ground on which he had to move his troops and the severity of the enemy's fire, though his report of casualties shows his loss to be trifling. Shortly before sundown, the ammunition of the men being nearly exhausted, I requested General Birney, commanding First Division, who had moved up to my support, to relieve my line to enable my men to refill their cartridge boxes. The brigades of General Morris and Colonel Keifer were then withdrawn, the First Division taking their place. I massed the two brigades above named about 200 yards in rear of the line of battle; they were supplied with ammunition and held in readiness for another advance, Darkness coming on, however, the firing entirely ceased. The enemy withdrew from our front, leaving their dead on the field.

At 3.15 a. m., November 28, I received orders from headquarters Third Corps to withdraw my command to the position they occupied before the advance was made on the afternoon of the 27th; also to

