
report, on my way back, to the major- general commanding the corps. On reporting as directed, General French ordered me to follow with my command in rear of the Sixth Corps. I found the narrow road on which they were moving filled with their artillery, and ammunition and ambulance trains, and was delayed over an hour waiting for them to pass.

I moved on, in rear of the trains of the Sixth Corps, at 6.30 a. m., halting at 8 a. m. on the edge of a large field in which part of the Sixth Corps was massed. Moved on again at 1 p. m., following the Second Division, the First Division being in advance. Halted again about a mile southwest of Robertson's Tavern. Moved again at 4.10 p. m., taking position at sundown on the left of the First Division on the east side of Mine Run, threw out pickets, and bivouacked for the night. My command remained in the above position all next day, November 29. In the early part of the day, I was ordered by General French to hold my command in readiness to make an assault on the enemy's works in my front. I made the necessary disposition of the troops, but the day passed without the assault being made.

At 12.30 a. m., November 30, I received orders from headquarters of the corps to move with my division at 2 a. m, and report to Major- General Warren on the plank road. I reported as directed, and was conducted by a staff officer to the position assigned me, on the right of the Second Division, Third Corps, on the west side of Mine Run, my right resting on the plank road. I was told by General Warren that in the attack about to be made I should begin the movement by pushing through the thick wood in my front, my arrival on the other side of it to be the signal for the advance of the rest of the line over the comparatively clear ground on my left. I deployed a sufficient number of skirmishers and made every preparation for the intended attack. About this time the pickets of the Second Corps were withdrawn from my front, no notice having been given me of the fact.

In advancing the skirmishers to take the line just vacated by them a sharp skirmish ensued, resulting in a loss to us of 3 men killed and 4 wounded. My division remained in position until 12.30 p. m., when I was ordered by General Warren to report back to General French. I returned, and took my former position at 3 p. m.

At 10.45 a. m., December 1, received orders to hold my command in readiness to move at a moment's notice. The division marched at 6 p. m., but was delayed nearly three hours waiting for the passage of the trains and artillery. I crossed the Rapidan with my command at Culpeper Ford at 3.30 a. m., December 2, and halted about 1 mile from the river.

At noon on the 1st, I was ordered to send a strong brigade to report to General Gregg at the old Wilderness Tavern, at the intersection of the turnpike and Germanna plank road. The Third Brigade, Colonel Smith commanding, was detailed for that purpose. Colonel Smith reported as directed, and rejoined the division on the afternoon of the 2.

My command moved from its bivouac near Culpeper Ford at 2 p. m., December 2, halted again at 4.30 p. m., resumed the march at 1 a. m., December 3, and reached its present position near Brandy Station at 6 a. m.

In conclusion, I would say that it affords me great pleasure to make honorable mention of the following officers who came under

