
Skirmishing commenced at about noon. I was ordered into position at 2 o'clock in the afternoon at the foot of a hill in a dense forest, and threw out Company D, Captain Darrah, as skirmishers in my immediate front, who soon became actively engaged with the enemy, repelling his advance with much vigor for about an hour, when I ordered a charge, which drove the enemy, in much confusion and with great loss, from the crest of the hill, which I held until after sundown under a heavy fire from the enemy's artillery and infantry, posted behind his works, at short range. I was then relieved, and marched about 500 yards to the rear, where I remained until 2 o'clock of the morning of the 28th, the enemy having retreated.

I then marched in the direction of Orange Court- House and took position in front of the enemy's works near Verdierville, where I remained until 2 o'clock on the morning of the 30th. I then marched about 2 miles in a southerly direction, and took position opposite the enemy's right. At about noon I was ordered back to my former position. My command was then detailed on picket duty. Our forces having been withdrawn at 7 o'clock on the evening of the 1st instant, I was ordered to hold the line till 3 o'clock on the morning of the 2nd instant, and then withdraw my outpost, who were posted within 30 yards of the enemy, and join my corps at Brandy Station (marching by way of Germanna Ford), at which point I arrived at 3 o'clock in the afternoon of the 2nd instant, having marched a distance of 25 miles in twelve hours, bringing in every man of my command. Both officers and men displayed much coolness and bravery during the action, and won much praise from our distinguished corps, division, and brigade commanders.

My loss was heavy, about one- sixth of my command having been killed or wounded, but my regiment has sustained the reputation already established by our brave Green Mountain boys.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. JEWETT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General PETER T. WASHBURN,

Adjutant and Inspector- General.

Numbers 69. Report of Colonel J. Warren Keifer, One hundred and tenth Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

CAMP AT BRANDY STATION,

December 3, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the movements and operations of my command from November 26, 1863, to this date, as required by circular orders of this date from division headquarters. The command marched from Brandy Station at 8 a. m., November 26, and arrived at Jacobs' Ford, on the Rapidan River, at 2 p. m. Before starting from Brandy Station, 200 men were detailed from the One hundred and tenth Ohio Infantry, under command of Major O. H. Binkley, as corps train guard. About 4 p. m. the troops crossed the ford and marched about 3 miles on a road leading to the turnpike road from Orange Court- House to Fredericksburg. The troops were then countermarched to within 1 1\2 miles of the ford, where they bivouacked for the night. My brigade marched in the rear of the Third Brigade, which was the advance of the division on that day.

