
The march was resumed at 7 a. m., November 27, and toward the turnpike road above named. On this day the First Brigade was in advance of the division and the Second Brigade marched in its rear. Brisk firing commenced in the advance about 12 m., between the enemy and the Second Division of the Third Corps. After some delay my brigade was ordered by Brigadier- General Carr into the woods, with directions to form upon the left of the First Brigade, commanded by Brigadier- General Morris. On account of the density of the undergrowth in the woods and the absence of roads, it was with some difficulty that I succeeded in reaching the position designated. Upon arriving in the vicinity of the enemy's fire, I discovered they occupied a hill to my front upon the slope of which were posted the troops of General Morris' brigade. I determined at once to carry the hill and occupy it, deeming it the only defensible position that could then be taken. As I was marching my troops by the left flank, and along the hollow behind the hill, I ordered the two advance regiments (One hundred and tenth and One hundred and twenty- second Ohio), as soon as they had become unmasked, upon General Morris' left, to move by the right flank, in line of battle, carry the crest of the hill, and take post behind a fence upon its summit. The Sixth Maryland and One hundred and thirty- eighth Pennsylvania Infantry Regiments were ordered to file in rear of the two Ohio regiments, and take position upon their left, from right to left, in the order named. The hill was carried and the fence gained with but slight loss. On account of misunderstanding an order the One hundred and twenty- second and One hundred and tenth Ohio Regiments momentarily fell back a short distance, but, upon being ordered back, retook their position and became immediately engaged with a heavy force of the enemy.

The right of the brigade was found to be in advance of the First Brigade, leaving it in great danger of being turned by the enemy. I promptly reported this fact to General Morris, and urged him to advance his line, and also occupy the crest of the hill, which he did after a slight delay. The Ohio regiments maintained their position until near dark, when, their ammunition becoming exhausted, they were relieved. The Sixth Maryland was under a heavy fire from the commencement of the action until near its close, and maintained its ground gallantly.

Two assaults were made upon my line, the first in front of the Sixth Maryland and the second in front of the One hundred and thirty- eighth Pennsylvania. The enemy was formed in columns of attack not less than three regiments deep. He was both times repulsed, with very heavy loss. During these assaults Cols. John W. Horn, of the Sixth Maryland, and M. R. McClennan, of the One hundred and thirty- eighth Pennsylvania Infantry Regiments distinguished themselves by their superior courage and gallantry.

The Sixth Maryland remained in its position until the battle was about ended. It was relieved about 6 p. m. Its supply of ammunition was also exhausted. The One hundred and thirty- eighth Pennsylvania was withdrawn at night, and after the close of the engagement. The brigade bivouacked for the night a short distance to the rear of the battle- ground. The men were supplied with ammunition immediately upon their withdrawal.

The enemy's loss in my front was very heavy. His killed and wounded were left upon the field.

