
of the troops. The ambulances being required for the conveyance of the wounded, many of these men, although unable to perform the day and night marches, had to be sent to their regiments.

The wounded received all possible care and attention at the hands of the medical officers. Surg. C. P. Harrington, chief surgeon of the brigade, Assistant Surgeons Richards, Bryant, Owen, Cady, Thornton, and Foreman, were actively engaged in the care of the wounded. The last named remained upon the field during the engagement of the 27th of November, and amid the danger rendered important service to the severely wounded.

In conclusion, I beg to acknowledge the important service rendered by Lieutenant William A. Hathaway, acting assistant adjutant- general, and Lieutenant Samuel J. Yarger, acting assistant inspector- general, and Lieuts. Thomas S. Black and E. S. Norvell, acting aides- de -camp on my staff. During the engagement they each displayed cool courage and excellent skill. For their prompt action in conveying orders upon the field, and skill exhibited in posting troops, I cannot too highly commend them. They also deserve commendation for their efficiency in the movement of troops, upon the march, during the entire campaign.

I am, lieutenant, with high esteem, your obedient and humble servant,

J. WARREN KEIFER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant J. JOHNSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant- General.

Numbers 70. Report of Colonel Benjamin F. Smith, One hundred and twenty- sixth Ohio Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.

BRANDY STATION, VA., December 3, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with circular of this date from headquarters Third Division, I have respectfully to report the recent operations of this brigade, giving, as directed, any delays or obstacles; also a revised report of casualties* at the close of the report.

On the 26th of November, the brigade marched at 8 a. m. from Brandy Station, Va., with the division and corps, to Jacobs' Mills Ford, on the Rapidan River, and crossed, without resistance, at about 5 p. m., and marched some 3 miles along a road through the Wilderness, and returned to near the ford and bivouacked for the night. November 27, in accordance with circular from headquarters of the division, the e brigade marched with the corps soon after sunrise over same road for the greater part of the distance of the day before. The Second Division of the corps, being in the advance, came upon the enemy about noon. This brigade, being in rear of its division, moved slowly along, closed up, with flankers well thrown out, as directed by the general commanding division. At about 4 p. m. the rapidity of the firing and the number of the wounded brought to the rear indicated the enemy in force. I received verbal orders to move forward with the brigade, and met the general commanding division behind and near the line of battle in the woods, and was directed by

---------------

*Omitted: but see revised statement, p. 682.

---------------

