
him to move quickly and take position in line, my right joining the left of General Morris' brigade. In moving through the thick woods I sen t two staff officers in different directions to find the brigade of General Morris, as I had no time to reconnoiter the ground over which I was passing. Finding the Second Brigade taking the position indicated for mine, I halted and sent a staff officer to report to the general commanding division. I was then ordered, through the assistant adjutant- general of the division, to join my right on the Second Brigade, and connect with the Second Army Corps on my left.

In marching to this last- mentioned position I came to a clearing of low ground, through which ran a miry creek,, on the opposite of which was a matted thicket of considerable extent and depth. As all this ground was covered by the enemy's fire, in order to protect my men as well as possible until I could place them in the position indicated, I filed the left in front of the line under the cover of some irregularly shaped small hills. This done, I directed the left to move back to the line proper, the right having joined with the left of the Second Brigade. In doing this the most of the brigade was thrown in the tangled timber around which on the left flank the enemy was moving in heavy columns, being under a sever fire without being able to accomplish or see anything. The left being in some confusion on account of the character of the country, I found it necessary to reform the brigade in the clearing a short t distance in the rear. It then moved to a new line along the crest of the hill a little farther to the left and rear, a good position. After consulting with General Howe, of the Sixth Corps, whom I met there and who was of opinion that the hill should be held at all hazards, I accordingly occupied it and remained there, thus holding the extreme left. A brigade of the Sixth Corps closed the gap on my right. By this movement I prevented the rebels from turning our flank. The Second Corps, with which I was ordered to connect, must have been some miles on our left, as I could not find or communicate with it. During these movements the sun went down and the battle ceased.

My brigade was not fairly engaged; there was some desultory firing from it, but nothing more. I used every effort to make the best of circumstances. I did not know the ground, and there was no one to give me information. One of my aides is missing, either killed or a prisoner. Another aide did not rejoin me again after I sent him with an order. He reports that he could not find the brigade again. One of my orderlies had his horse disabled by a gunshot wound, therefore I lost his services, and i found myself almost alone most of the time, with but one orderly, who carried the brigade flag. My acting assistant adjutant- general did not fail me, but it became necessary to give my personal attention to all parts of the line, which was extremely difficult, owing to the broken and tangled stat of the country. The brigade remained in its position at night on the hill, under arms, with strong pickets thrown out in front and on the left flank. During the movements described the brigade lost slightly in killed, wounded, and missing.

November 28, at about half past 4 a. m., a staff officer from division headquarters brought me an order to rejoin the division, which I did, with the brigade to the rear, near corps headquarters. At about 8 o'clock marched with corps toward Robertson's Tavern. Passing Robertson's Tavern the command halted about 3.30 p. m., and about 5 o'clock marched with corps toward Robertson's Tavern. Passing Robertson's Tavern the command halted about 3.30 p. m., and about 5 o'clock moved forward, and, after a tedious night march

