
dred and sixth Regiment New York Volunteers in the late movements of the Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to make the following report:

November 26, the regiment received orders to march, and at 7 a. m., stated for Jacobs' Mills with Third Brigade, commanded by Colonel B. F. Smith, where it arrived at 2 p. m. Halting there a short time, it then crossed the Rapidan, took up the march with the brigade, and encamped for the night upon the hills about 1 mile south of the river. The morning of the 27th, we were again put in motion toward the enemy's lines, moving cautiously along to prevent any surprise from the opposing force, until we arrived near a location called the Wilderness, where the Second Division of the Third Corps was engaging the enemy.

The regiment, with the brigade, was ordered to take a position on the left to the Second Brigade, Third Division, which it immediately did, but, finding the ground impracticable, it fell back to apiece of woods to take a better position. By direction of the colonel commanding brigade, I ordered Company K forward and skirmishers to cover the battalion front. This being done they immediately engaged the enemy's skirmishers. In the meantime, the regiment being ordered back, Company C was then thrown forward to strengthen the first line. The enemy, however, coming on in force the skirmish line was obliged to fall back, being closely followed by rebel columns close in mass. At this time the regiment was unfortunately situated in a thicket of underbrush, so dense as to prevent it moving with order or alacrity in any direction.

At this juncture, finding we were being flanked on the left by another rebel column, and that no support of any kind was there to aid us, I deemed it expedient to fall back to a more open position, which was accordingly done- to a distance of 60 or 70 yards, where the lines were reformed under fire and checked the enemy's farther advance. From the difficulty of the position in which the regiment was placed, its line of skirmishers suffered quite severely, having 1 captain and 9 men wounded. Nevertheless, at dark it, with the brigade, maintained its line of battle, the enemy in the meantime retreating. At 3 a. m., the 28th, we took up our line of march for a new position, and on the 29th formed aline of battle in the brigade, for the purpose of assaulting the enemy's works. The order being countermanded, the regiment was ordered to march again and form a line of battle on the right of the Second Corps, the morning of the 30th, with the same intention as of the 29th. The order being again countermanded, it countermarched to its old position, where it remained for the night.

December 1, it was ordered to march to Culpeper Ford, to support General Gregg in guarding it while the army recrossed the river. This duty it performed until the rear guard of the army of which it formed a part had passed over in safety. It then acted as guard for a wagon train, escorting it to this place, where it arrived at 8 o'clock this morning.

The following is a list of casualties:*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES TOWNSEND,

Lieutenant- Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant JUDSON, Acting Assistant Adjutant- General.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

See revised statement, p. 682.

---------------

