
2 and 3 p. m. of the same day, the contemplated attack upon the enemy's works, which led to the temporary detachment of the regiment from the Third Brigade, having been abandoned, it was relieved from duty with the First Brigade, rejoined the Third, and returned to the place where it had bivouacked on the previous day.

About 2 p. m., December 1, instant, the regiment again took up the line of march and proceeded to the point where the plank road intersects the Fredericksburg and Orange turnpike, a distance of about 8 miles, where it remained until the day following. On the 2nd day of December, instant, it advanced to the Culpeper Ford on the Rapidan River, where it arrived about 10 a. m. It remained on the southern bank of the river a little over an hour, when it crossed and formed line of battle near, the bank of the river, for the purpose of protecting the pontoon bridge until all the troops had crossed and the bridge had been removed. That having been accomplished, the regiment again resumed its march, and, bivouacking three or four hours on its way, reached Brandy Station, Va., about 7 a. m., December 3, 1863.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. STAUNTON,

Colonel, Commanding 67th Regiment Pennsylvania Vols.

Lieutenant S. C. JUDSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant- General.

Numbers 73. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James A. Stahle, Eighty- seventh Pennsylvania Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 87TH PENNSYLVANIA INFANTRY,Brandy Station, Va., December 3, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with circular from headquarters Third Brigade, Third Division, Third Army Corps, bearing date December 3, 1863, I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by my command in the recent movements and operations of the Third Brigade:

Marched from camp at Brandy Station, Va., November 26, at 8 a. m., marching on the left of the brigade, left in front; arrived at Rapidan River, crossing over the river on pontoon bridge, marched about 3 miles, then marched back to the river, and bivouacked. November 27, 7 a. m., marched with Third Brigade on the left center of the brigade, left in front, about 2 miles, rested in the woods till 3 p. m., marched forward, met the rebels, and had a very brisk fight, losing 1 man killed and 11 men wounded. Marched with Third Brigade to a new position; lay on arms during the night. November 28, 3 a. m., marched with Third Brigade on the right center of the brigade, left in front; bivouacked in the field. November 29, brigade formed line at 3 p. m. for the purpose of storming rebel fortifications, my regiment on the right center of the brigade; remained in line till night, then bivouacked.

November 30, marched at 3 a. m. on the right of Third Brigade,

