
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,August 26, 1863.

Respectfully referred to headquarters Army of the Potomac, with the recommendation that a brigade of infantry be sent to Hartwood Church, while General Kilpatrick attacks the enemy at Port Conway.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

AUGUST 24, 1863.- Scout to Barbee's Cross-Roads, Va.

Report of Major Samuel E. Chamberlain, First Massachusetts Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MASSACHUSETTS CAVALRY,Near Warrenton, Va., August 25, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to state that in accordance with orders from brigade headquarters I left camp at 7 a. m., 24th instant, on a reconnaissance to Barbee's Cross-Roads, and toward Chester Gap.

On arriving at the fork in the road one mile and one-half from Thumb Run, my advance discovered 5 mounted men, who fled on our approach, taking the road toward Gaines' Cross-Roads; we were unable to capture them.

On arriving at Barbee's Cross-Roads my advance drove out 3 rebel cavalrymen, who took the road toward Manassas Station. I then proceeded on the road toward Chester Gap, a distance of about 2 miles.

There was no appearance of the enemy, and it was reported by the colored inhabitants there had been none for some days. I also learned that a Captain Welch, of the Sixth Virginia Cavalry, with a company of from 30 to 60 men, is stationed somewhere between Linden and Manassas Station.

This company was recruited about Salem, and, from what I can learn, is in the habit of coming down to the farms in the vicinity of Barbee's Cross-Roads, and assisting the farmers in gathering their corps.

From the scarcity of men on the farms in this vicinity, and the amount of hay which is cut, I judge that they must have assistance from some such parties as these; but from the age of the inhabitants I judge there was no one that we saw who was liable to service as a soldier in the Confederate ranks, and cannot account for the large parties of young men seen working in the field reported by previous scouting parties, in any other way than the above.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. E. CHAMBERLAIN,

Major, Commanding First Massachusetts Cavalry.

Captain A. WRIGHT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

