
near the woods in the open field as you approach the ford, and the remaining batteries were halted as they came up farther back on the road. There was no resistance to our passage of the river sufficiently determined to require the use of artillery.

The hill on the south side of the Rapidan was so steep as to be considered impracticable for the passage of artillery, and about 5.30 p. m. I received the order to march all the artillery by way of Germanna Ford around to the position opposite Jacobs' Mills, where the corps was to encamp for the night. I stated my column at once and marched toward the point indicated and reached it with three batteries (E, First Rhode Island; B, First New Jersey, and K, Fourth United States), shortly after daylight of the 27th. Near Jacobs' Mills, on the road from that place to Germanna Ford, is a very long, steep hill to ascend, on which very many of my teams, exhausted as they were by dragging through the very bad roads from Brandy [Station] to Mountain Run, were necessarily doubled, and this, with other very bad points before reaching the ford, delayed the rear of my column, and my pushing on with the leading batteries, that I might reach my destination with a part of my command, left some gaps in it. After three of my batteries had reached the plank road and crossed the ford, the head of the column of the Sixth Corps artillery coming down the plank road cut the remainder of my column from the road and compelled it to wait till the whole o theirs had crossed, or from about 10 p. m. till 7 a. m. of the 27th.

After crossing these five batteries and watering the animals, which had been in harness on the road all night, I marched them, by command of Major- General French, to a point on the turnpike about a mile in rear of Robertson's Tavern, and reported there to Brigadier- General Hunt, chief of artillery, Army of the Potomac.

Of the batteries that had reached the corps, I ordered Lieutenant Bucklyn, commanding Battery E, First Rhode Island, to report to General Prince; Lieutenant Roder, K, Fourth United States, to report to General Carr, and Clark's to General Birney. The corps marched, Second Division leading, toward Robertson's Tavern and encountered the enemy in large force near Locust Grove.

When the skirmishers and leading regiment of General Prince's division had cleared the way, Lieutenant Bucklyn put a section in position supporting the line, firing slowly where the enemy appeared in greatest force, and rendering great assistance to the infantry engaged. About 5 p. m. he relieved that section by a fresh one, and at the same time Lieutenant Roder, K, Fourth United States, in compliance with an order from General French in person, placed his battery, six light 12- pounders, on the left of Bucklyn. About ten minutes after the enemy charged our line, driving our infantry and advancing within a hundred yards of the guns. Roder and Bucklyn loaded with canister, and immediately their front was clear of our men, opened upon the enemy, driving him back in confusion. He reformed, however, and charged a second time, but only to be again repulsed with great loss.

The fire was continued with solid shot and shell till the enemy had retired 600 yards, when it was stopped to allow our skirmishers to advance.

The four remaining pieces of Bucklyn's battery were brought up, but they were not used. By this time it was dark, and the batteries remained there in harness during the night. The next morning these batteries marched with the corps to Robertson's Tavern. Here

