
the five reserve batteries rejoined the corps, and moved with it to the heights on the left of Beaver Dam, parallel to Mine Run. I placed three rifled batteries, Edgell's, First New Hampshire, McKnight's, Twelfth New York, and Sleeper's, Tenth Massachusetts, and one 12- pounder battery, Bucklyn's, E, First Rhode Island, in a very commanding position on the hill overlooking Mine Run, and distant from 1,400 to 2,200 yards from the enemy's line. I held four batteries, Clark's, Winslow's, Roder's, and Robinson's, in reserve a quarter of a mile in rear of this position.

They remained in these positions during the 29th. On the morning of the 30th, I put Robinson's, Fourth Maine, in position on the left of Edgell's, and at 8 o'clock, in accordance with General French's order, opened fire on the enemy's works on the hill beyond Mine Run. Bucklyn's 12 pounders were not of sufficient range, and I withdrew them, moving Sleeper to Bucklyn's position, between General Birney's headquarters and a pine woods on the right. My fire was directed partly at the enemy's line in front of our right, and partly at the batteries that he opened on Ward's brigade, away to our left about 2,000 yards from my guns. The fire of Captain Robinson and Lieutenant Dauchy, Fourth Maine and Twelfth New York, at this battery was very good. That of Captain Edgell at the rifle- pits on mature bursting of his Schenkl case- shot. After firing about an hour without drawing any reply from the enemy, I ceased by command of General French.

Before daylight of the 1st of December, I sent four batteries, E, First Rhode Island; K, Fourth United States; Twelfth New York, and Fourth Maine, in command of Captain Robinson, to report to the Artillery Reserve, in accordance with orders from headquarters Army of the Potomac. I placed the batteries I retained in the positions then held, and retained them till 6 p. m. At this time I marched three batteries, following ammunition train, and one with rear division to Culpeper Ford, and halted near Richardsville, between 4 and 5 a. m. of the 2nd of December. At about 10 o'clock, following the ambulance train, I marched to Mountain Run, halting at 9 p. m. for the night, and resuming the march at daylight of the 3rd, reached present camp about 9 a. m.

For the particulars of the engagement of the 27th near Locust Grove, I must refer to the reports of Lieutenants Bucklyn and Roder. All reports agree in saying that the management of these batteries by both of these officers was highly creditable and their fire very effective. The small loss they suffered and the heavy loss they inflicted prove how skillfully their pieces were posted and used. I think proper to show here some of the causes of the delay on the part of the artillery of the corps. The road from Brandy Station was very bad, so that the ambulances and medicine wagons that preceded the batteries were continually sticking fast, and the batteries themselves, overloaded as they were with grain, could with ford, that road was for a time blocked by the train of headquarters Army of the Potomac, causing the batteries and troops to take to the bushes.

Upon arriving at Jacobs' Ford I carefully examined the hill on the opposite side, and reported to General French that I could cross at that place, though with difficulty, but more easily than I could march around by way of Germanna.

