
across Culpeper Gold Mine Ford, and returned to my old camp near Brandy Station December 3.

My casualties are: Corpl. James A. Tanner, wounded in the breast; Private Richard Alexander, wounded in the foot.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. K. BUCKLYN,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Battery.

Brigadier General E. C. MAURIN,

Adjutant- General, Rhode Island.

Numbers 76. Report of Major General George Sykes, U. S. Army, commanding Fifth Army Corps.

CAMP NEAR RAPPAHANNOCK STATION,

December 4, 1863.

SIR: On the 26th ultimo, my corps left its camp at Paoli Mills with instructions to proceed to Parker's Store, on the Orange and Fredericksburg plank road, and, if possible, to seize a point beyond, where the cross- road coming from Robertson's Tavern intersects the plank road. I reached Culpeper Ford on the Rapidan at 10.30 a. m., threw a regiment over in boats, forded the stream with the cavalry serving at these headquarters, and effected the crossing of the corps by noon of the same day. In consequence of delays happening to the troops on my right, at the fords of Germanna and Jacobs' Mills, I was instructed to await the passage of the river by the Second and Third Corps. About 3 p. m. I resumed the march and bivouacked at the Wilderness farm, near the intersection of the Germanna and Orange and Fredericksburg plank roads.

On the 27th, I continued the movement, arrived at Parker's Store at 9 a. m., and there met the cavalry under General Gregg, who had been ordered in advance on the same road. General Gregg soon met the enemy's cavalry and drove it gradually from point to point. The country was so densely wooded that the cavalry could only fight on foot, and the road taken by the troops being a continuous defile, it was only at [New] Hope Church that the heads of a few columns could be deployed.

About 3 p. m. the engagement became very warm, and the enemy having brought up a division of infantry, the cavalry could make no further impression upon him. I therefore deployed my troops as well as the ground would permit, took position in advance of [New] Hope Church, and relieved the cavalry, who had been fighting since 11 a. m. After my skirmishers were thrown out, the enemy became quiet and made no further demonstration. Upon reporting the condition of affairs, the major- general commanding directed me not to advance beyond the intersection of the road from Raccoon Ford with the Orange and Fredericksburg plank road, as the Third Corps had not yet effected a junction with the Second. During the night I received orders to move to Robertson's Tavern, on the old turnpike. This movement was accomplished early the next day, the enemy making no effort to prevent it.

