
At 4 a. m. on the 29th, I relieved the Second Corps, taking position across the turnpike in front of Mine Run. At the same hour on the 30th, the Fifth Corps was massed on the left of the enemy's position, and, ion conjunction with the Sixth Corps, was prepared to storm his intrenchments. At 8 a. m. our batteries opened, and the hour for the assault, 9 a. m., having nearly arrived, the troops,in high spirits, were bracing themselves for the advance, when orders from headquarters were announced suspending the attack. We remained in position until dark, when the Fifth Corps returned to its bivouac across the turnpike.

At 6 p. m. on the 1st of December, it was directed to recross the Rapidan at Germanna Ford and occupy Stevensburg, and subsequent orders have assigned to me the protection of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad.

In these various movements the troops behaved well, were cheerful and subordinate, and although a very severe rain- storm fell upon them, rendering the roads almost impassable, and subsequently two days of unusually cold weather ensued, they were willing and eager to meet the enemy wherever he might be found.

The line occupied by the rebels on Mine Run was exceedingly formidable, the stream treacherous and uncertain in its approaches, and although some parts of it might have been assaulted successfully, it would have been at great sacrifice of life and might not have determined a favorable issue for a general battle. The cessation of the storm, the cold weather following it, and the consequent hardening of the roads were providential; otherwise our trains and artillery would have been stuck in the mud.

My thanks are due to the different commanders and to my personal staff.

I have to report but few casualties. Thirteen prisoners were captured.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. SYKES,

Major- General, Commanding Fifth Corps.

General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac.

[Inclosure.]

List of Casualties in the fifth Army Corps during the march to New Hope Church and Robertson's Tavern.

Killed. Wounded.

Command.	 Officers.	 Enlisted	 Officers.	 Enlisted

 	 men.	 	 men.

First Division 	 ......	 .....	 1	 6

Second Division	 ......	 1	 .....	 1

Third Division 	 ......	 2	 .....	 6

Artillery	 ......	 1	 1	 3

Brigade

Total*	 .......	 4	 2	 16

Missing. Aggregate.

Command.	 Officers.	 Enlisted	 Officers.	 Enlisted

 	 men.	 	 men.

First Division 	 .....	 19	 1	 25

Second Division	 1	 31	 1	 33

Third Division 	 .....	 .....	 .....	 8

Artillery	 1	 7	 2	 11

Brigade

Total*	 2	 57	 4	 74

See revised statement, p. 684.

