
At 2 a. m. on the morning of the 30th, having been placed in command of the Fifth and Sixth Corps, I moved about 2 miles to the right, leaving two brigades and the batteries to hold the lines which the two corps had occupied. It was the intention of the general commanding to make a sudden and determined attack upon the enemy's left, under a concentrated fire from our batteries. The movement of the troops had been carefully concealed from the enemy, and at the appointed time, 8 a. m., I opened fire from six batteries, and prepared to move promptly upon the enemy's position at 9 a. m., the hour fixed for the assault. The enemy replied promptly from several batteries. At 8.45 I received the order of the commanding general to suspend my attack until further orders. This was accordingly done. The batteries ceased firing upon both sides, ad the enemy proceeded to make the alterations in his line and the character of his defenses which the threatened attack from the direction of his left rendered essential to his safety. During the day I was ordered back with my command to my former position, and executed the movement as soon as it was dark.

On the following day, December 1, I remained in position. The condition of the supplies of forage and subsistence, and the impossibility of replenishing in our then position rendering all further offensive movements impracticable, and a return to our base of supplies being, in my opinion, a matter of necessity, I made the necessary preparations for a night movement to the river. During the night, in obedience to orders, I recrossed the Rapidan with the rest of the army, and halted near Stevensburg on the morning of the 2nd instant. On the 3rd instant, I resumed the march to the vicinity of Welford's Ford, and re- occupied my former camp.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN SEDGWICK.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

[Inclosure.]

List of Casualties in the Sixth Army Corps during the movements of the army of the Potomac to the south side of the Rapidan, November 26- December 2.

Enlisted men wounded:

Third Division.................................... 14

Artillery Brigade................................. 2

Total*............................................ 16

Numbers 78. Report of Captain William H. McCartney, Battery A, Massachusetts Light Artillery, Artillery Brigade.

CAMP OF BATTERY A, MASSACHUSETTS ARTILLERY,

December 9, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report as follows concerning the operations of this battery in the elate movements of the army south of the Rapidan River:

The battery marched with the brigade, doing nothing else until Monday, November 30. On that day the battery went into position

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 685.

---------------

