
near Sanders' house, on the right of the line, and fired fifteen shots to feel the enemy. Succeeding admirably in that, this command received orders to cease firing. The battery remained in position until dark, when it rejoined the brigade. Subsequently it marched back across the river with the brigade.

I am, sir, with much respect,

W. H. McCARTNEY,

Captain, Commanding.

Captain ENOCH TOTTEN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Arty. Brigadier, Sixth Corps.

Numbers 79. Report of Captain Andrew Cowan, First New York Battery.

NEAR BRANDY STATION, VA.,

December 5, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my battery during the period from November 26 to December 3, inclusive:

On the 26th instant, I marched with the Artillery Brigade in the direction of the Rapidan, and crossed that river at Germanna about 1.30 a. m., November 27. The same day joined the infantry of the corps near the Morris farm, where the Third Corps was engaged. At 1.30 a. m., the 28th instant, marched with the brigade and joined the rest of the army near Robertson's Tavern. On the night of November 29, threw up earth- works and placed my guns in position turnpike. About 8 a. m., November 30, opened fire on the enemy's works, fired forty- six rounds, and received orders to cease firing. At dark, December 1, withdrew from this position, and at daybreak, December 2, recrossed the Rapidan at Germanna. Marched some 3 miles from the river and camped. Resumed the march at 7 a. m., December 3, and, marching in rear of the leading brigade First Division, reached our present camp about 3 o'clock p. m. My horses had been without forage forty- eight hours.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ANDREW COWAN,

Captain First Independent Battery, N. Y. S. Vols.

Captain ENOCH TOTTEN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Arty. Brigadier, Sixth Corps.

Numbers 80. Report of Captain William A. Harn, Third New York Battery.

CAMP OF THIRD NEW YORK INDEPENDENT BATTERY,

December 5, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I left camp near Hazel River, on the morning of the 26th of November, 1863, and marched to Germanna Ford, crossed the river, and went into camp for the night.

