
Marched next morning at daylight to Orange Grove, and went into position, where the battery remained until 1 o'clock next morning. Marched that day to Robertson's Tavern, and encamped for the night. Remained in harness all next day. The battery was ordered to march next morning at daylight to the right of the line. The battery remained there all that day until 4 p. m., when I received orders to proceed to camp, where the battery had been the night previous. Received orders that night to report to General Tyler next morning at daylight. I reported to General Tyler, and he ordered the battery to proceed to Culpeper Ford. Arrived at Culpeper Ford, and encamped for the night. Marched next day at 2 p. m., and arrived at Mountain Run at 8 p. m. Marched next morning at 8 a. m., and arrived at camp near Hazel River at 3 p. m., on the 3rd instant.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

W. A. HARN,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

ENOCH TOTTEN,

Captain, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Arty. Brigadier, Sixth Corps.

Numbers 81. Report of Captain Richard Waterman, Battery C, First Rhode Island Light Artillery.

CAMP NEAR HAZEL RUN, VA.,

December 6, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the operations of the battery since the 26th of November, as follows:

November 26.- Battery marched at 6 a. m. Moved 15 miles and halted in road 1 1\2 miles from Germanna Ford. Remained until daylight next morning, the left section, under command of Lieutenant McMillan, being detached to bring up the rear of Sixth Corps column with the Second Brigade, First Division.

November 27.- Marched at daylight, crossed the Rapidan at pontoon bridge, marched 10 miles, and parked near Locust Grove at dark.

November 28.- Marched, at 4 a. m., 8 miles, and parked 1 1\2 miles beyond Robertson's Tavern, the left section joining the battery at this point.

November 29.- Moved to the right of the line at 2 p. m. and parked, a position for the battery for the next morning having been indicated by Major Tompkins, chief of staff.

November 30.- Took position at about 7 a. m., and opened upon the enemy's batteries and field- works with shells and shrapnel. The fire had apparently good effect, the enemy's fire ceasing. A few minutes before, firing from this battery was discontinued by command of Colonel Tompkins.

Fire of this battery continued about one hour, 150 rounds being expended in proportions about as follows: Percussion shell, 40; fuse shell, 70; shrapnel shell, 40.

Casualties: Henry Nason, private, severely wounded by solid shot, causing amputation of both legs; 2 horses killed; 1 wheel and 1 splinter bar destroyed.

