
In August General Averell attacked a rebel force under General Samuel Jones at Rocky Gap, in Greenbrier County, capturing 1 gun and 150 prisoners, and killing and wounding some 200. Our loss in killed, wounded, and missing was 130.

On the 11th of September, Imboden attacked a small fore of our troops at Moorefield, wounding 15 and capturing about 150.

On the 16th of November, General Averell attacked and defeated the enemy near Lewisburg [at Droop Mountain], capturing 3 pieces of artillery, over 100 prisoners, and a large number of small arms, wagons, and camp equipage. The enemy's loss in killed and wounded is estimated at 300.

DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA.

Our force in North Carolina during the past year has been too small for any important operations against the enemy, and consequently has acted mostly on the defensive, holding the important positions previously captured from the rebels. Nevertheless, General Foster has given much annoyance to the enemy, and taken every favorable opportunity to threaten and cut his lines.

* * *

On the 15th of October, Brigadier-General Wistar was sent, with a small force, aided by gunboats, to Matthews County, Va., to break up a rebel party known as the "Confederate Volunteer Coast Guard," which was engaged in smuggling goods across the Chesapeake from Maryland and the Eastern Shore. Most of these "coast guards" were absent at the time, but the expedition resulted in capturing 150 boats and schooners and 80 head of beef cattle.

The navy has given efficient aid in all the operations in this department.

* * *

All of which is respectfully submitted.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

Numbers 2. Reports of Major General George G. Meade, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Potomac, of operations July 31-December 7, 1863.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 6, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit, for the information of the General-in-Chief, the following report of the operations of this army since the date (July 31) at which the report of the Gettysburg Campaign was concluded.

At the date the army was in position on the north bank of the Rappahannock, the enemy being in position about Culpeper Court-House, and between the Rapidan and Rappahannock Rivers. The instructions of the General-in-Chief required the army should main-

