
Battery remained in position until dark, then withdrew into park near Robertson's Tavern.

December 1.- Marched at 5 a. m., reporting by order Colonel Tompkins to Brigadier- General Tyler, commanding Artillery Reserve, and by his order marched to the Rapidan, 10 miles, crossing at Culpeper Ford, and encamping on the bank at 2 p. m.

December 2.- Marched at 2 p. m., 10 miles, and encamped at dark with Artillery Reserve.

December 3.- Marched at daylight about 8 miles, encamped at present camp near Hazel Run.

Respectfully submitted.

RICH'D WATERMAN,

Captain First Rhode Island Artillery, Commanding Battery C.

Captain ENOCH TOTTEN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant- General.

Numbers 82. Report of Captain George W. Adams, Battery G, First Rhode Island Light Artillery.

NEAR HAZEL RUN, VA.,

December 5, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that on the 26th of November, 1863, I broke camp and moved toward Germanna Ford on the Rapidan River, crossing at 4 a. m. of the 27th instant and encamping near Locust Grove, on the road, until 1 a. m. of the 28th. The time from 1 a. m. of the 28th instant to 8 a. m. of the 30th instant was occupied in reaching a position near Robertson's Tavern and in throwing up earth works in front of the enemy, expending eighty rounds of ammunition, sustaining no loss, either in men or horses. At 4 a. m. of December 1, withdrew from my position, and retired toward and encamped near Culpeper Ford. The time from leaving Culpeper Ford to 2 p. m. of the 3rd of December was occupied in reaching my present location.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. ADAMS,

Captain First Rhode Island Light Arty., Commanding Battery G.

C. H. TOMPKINS,

Colonel, and Chief of Artillery, Sixth Corps.

Numbers 83. Report of Lieutenant Leonard Martin, Battery F, Fifth U. S. Artillery.

NEAR BRANDY STATION,

December 11, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following movements of Battery F, Fifth Artillery, during the elate operations of the army:

The battery crossed the Rapidan at Germanna Ford on the 26th

