
ultimo, and was placed in position in rear of the third Corps during the engagement near Locust Grove on the 27th. The battery was ordered to report to General Terry, commanding Third Division, Sixth Corps, on the 29th, and advanced with that command and the Second Army Corps to White Hall Chapel. It was placed in position supporting Third Division, Sixth Corps, and fronting a six-gun battery of the enemy. On the 30th, the enemy fired several rounds, to which the battery replied, but no general engagement ensuing, it was withdrawn at night and fell back, crossing the Rapidan at Culpeper Ford on the morning of the 2nd instant, and encamped near the old camp near Brandy Station.

Eight rounds of ammunition were expended. No casualties occurred.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEONARD MARTIN,

First Lieutenant Fifth Artillery, U. S. Army.

Captain ENOCH TOTTEN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Arty. Brigadier, Sixth Corps.

Numbers 84. Report of Captain James McKnight, Battery M, Fifth U. S. Artillery.

ARTILLERY BRIGADE, SIXTH CORPS,

December 5, 1863.

SIR: In conformity with circular just received, I have the honor to report that the battery under my command left camp near Brandy Station, as ordered, at 7 o'clock on the morning of November 26, 1863. Passing over bad roads, it reached camp after crossing the Rapidan at 2 a. m., Friday, November 27. At 6.30 o'clock the same morning, the march again began, terminating at Wilderness, where I was ordered into camp for the night.

Saturday, November 28, moved beyond Robertson's Tavern, where I was ordered to park the battery within half a mile of the front. Sunday, November 29, remained on same camping ground. Monday, November 30, the right section, under command of Second Lieutenant H. M. Baldwin, was ordered to report to Captain Martin and by him placed on the right of the Fifth Corps in position. This section fired seven rounds. Tuesday, December 1, I was ordered to report to Brigadier-General Tyler with my battery, from whom instructions were received to recross the Rapidan at culpeper Ford and there await further orders.

At 1 p. m., Wednesday, December 2, was ordered to return to old campaign ground near Brandy Station and report to Colonel Tompkins. Upon my arrival there at noon of the 3rd, was ordered by Colonel Kent into the camp it now occupies.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. MCKNIGHT,

Captain Fifth Artillery, Commanding Battery M.

Captain ENOCH TOTTEN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

51 R R-VOL XXIX, PT I

