
Numbers 85. Reports of Major General Alfred Pleasonton, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Corps.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,November 29, 1863-1.35 p. m.

GENERAL: An officer just from Old Wilderness reports that a brigade of the enemy's cavalry attacked our cavalry at that point about an hour since, and also that an attack was made at Parker's Store by with directions for him to strengthen both of these positions, as they are more important to us than the point he occupies, General Warren's troops being on the plank road in his front.

I would have come to headquarters this morning, but I have been suffering with neuralgia all night, and my head to-day is worse. I will keep things straight unless I get worse.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General.

Major-General HUMPHREYS.

P. S.-An orderly has just come in to say the wagon train 2 miles below this tavern has just been attacked. I shall send the Sixth Cavalry there.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 29, 1863-6.35 p. m.

GENERAL: I shall order General Merritt to re-enforce General Gregg with one of his brigades. This will secure the road from Ely's Ford to the plank road, and Gregg's command ought to be able to protect that. Indeed, that whole road is so wooded that cavalry cannot act to any advantage upon it.

General Custer has just reported that Fitz. Lee's division of cavalry is in his front; that the enemy has his scouts in Culpeper, and that this afternoon his signal officer read a dispatch from Clark's Mountain stating, "There is nothing but cavalry on the other side of the river." This was read from a house near Morton's Ford.

After sending a brigade from Merritt to Gregg, his force alone will not be adequate to protect the trains on the other side of the river. Custer and Merritt together will make about 4,000 men, the number Fitz. Lee has, and should Custer be removed from the fords to this side of the river, the enemy's cavalry can attack any weak point of our trains to advantage. With the present information I would recommend that General Custer remain where he is, as the best position he can occupy, to cover the trains and give timely notice of any danger to them. Gregg with three brigades should be able to cover the communication on this side against cavalry, and if infantry is sent against him it will be necessary to send him some also.

Please inform met if this explanation meets the views of the general.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff.

