
Numbers 86. Report of Brigadier General Wesley Merritt, U. S. Army, commanding First Cavalry Division.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,December 4, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I inclose herewith, for the information of the major-general commanding, reports of brigade commanders of the parts taken by their respective brigades during the late movements of the army. I have nothing to add. The extent of country to be watched while guarding the train from the depredation of small guerrilla parties or the attack of large bodies of the enemy, made the duty arduous on both men and horses, but it was performed without serious molestation and with entire success.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. MERRITT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain C. C. SUYDAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 87. Report of Colonel George H. Chapman, Third Indiana Cavalry, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,December 3, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that this brigade, forming a part of the force to which was assigned the duty of guarding the trains of the enemy to near Richardsville, during the recent operations, met with no obstacles. The duty, so far as this brigade is concerned, was performed, I believe, with entire success.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. CHAPMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain T. C. BACON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 88. Report of Colonel Thomas C. Devin, Sixth New York Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,December 3, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 26th ultimo, in pursuance with orders from division headquarters, I left camp on the James City road, and encamped near to and south of Culpeper, occupying the town, and establishing a line of vedettes completely around it, commanding the adjacent country and entirely preventing all egress or ingress. patrolled to Brandy Station. On the morning of the 27th ultimo, I marched via Stevensburg to a

