
point near Richardsville, where the brigade encamped for the night, picketing toward Stevensburg and Brandy Station.

On the morning of the 29th, I marched to Ely's Ford, with orders to cross the Rapidan and take up a position to cover the approaches to the ford and protect the trains. This I effected by posting a strong force well advanced on the road to Chancellorsville, with one section of artillery in position, and by picketing strongly the wood road leading to the Wilderness. At daylight of the 30th, I was ordered to report to General Gregg at the Wilderness, where I relieved Colonel Taylor's brigade of Gregg's division. Went into position on the crest in the rear of the Lacey House, and west of the intersection of the old turnpike and Germanna road, picketing from Colonel Taylor's left, on the Orange plank road, to General Merritt's right from Ely's.

On the night of December 1, I received orders from General Gregg to throw a sufficient force on the road from Chancellorsville to Ely's Ford to cover that approach. This I effected by sending Colonel Kellogg, with the Seventeenth Pennsylvania, to occupy that road. I was then ordered to cover the crossing of the infantry at Germanna Ford by holding the approaches until the rear of the column had passed the intersection of that road with the old turnpike, and then cross the river and take up a position on the north side to prevent any crossing of the enemy. The movement I executed as ordered, fording the river in rear of the infantry about 12 m. on the 2nd instant, after the bridges were taken up, placing my battery in position on the crest to the right of the ford, and picketing the south bank with a strong supporting force on this side. About 4 p. m. a small party of the enemy's cavalry came toward the ford and engaged the pickets, but were quickly driven off.

In addition to the above, I would state that, in compliance with orders, I detached 100 men of the Fourth New York Cavalry to report to the officer commanding the Second Corps, for the purpose of keeping open communication between the Third and Fifth Corps. The detachment was engaged in skirmishing with the enemy. The officer commanding it reports his loss to be 1 man killed, 1 wounded, 2 taken prisoner, and 2 missing, together with 11 horses killed.

The balance of this regiment (Fourth New York) was detached, in compliance with orders to report to Captain Graham, commanding the reserve artillery.

On the morning of the 3rd instant, I received orders from General Gregg to report to General Merritt, at Culpeper Court-House.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. C. DEVIN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain T. C. BACON, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 89. Report of Colonel Alfred Gibbs, Nineteenth New York Cavalry, commanding Reserve Brigade.

CAMP NEAR CULPEPER, VA.,

December 3, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with instructions from your headquarters, I proceeded with this brigade,

