
consisting of the First, Second, and Fifth Regular Cavalry, the Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and First New York Dragoons, and Battery G, Second U. S. Horse Artillery, toward Ely's Ford, on the Rapidan. The command camped the first night at Stevensburg, and the next day proceeded to Ely's and Culpeper Fords for the purpose of protecting the general and supply trains at these points, and guarding the fords of the river from Germanna down to the mouth of the Rapidan and Richards' Ford.

The command remained on this duty until the 2nd instant, when, in compliance with instructions from division headquarters, it returned in safety to this point without loss.

I remain, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED GIBBS,

Colonel 1st N. Y. Dragoons, Commanding Res. Brigadier

Captain L. G. ESTES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 90. Report of Brigadier General David McM. Gregg, U. S. Army, commanding Second Cavalry Division.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,December 4, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this division since the 24th of November, 1863:

On the morning of November 24, the Second Division, which had camped the previous night at Morrisville, crossed the Rappahannock at Ellis' Ford, and proceeded to Ely's Ford to cross the Rapidan. The advance guard having crossed the river and taken possession of the heights beyond, [the river?] was recrossed. In pursuance of an order from the major-general commanding Cavalry Corps, the division was withdrawn to Richardsville and Ellis' Ford, and the brigade camped at these points for the night and until the morning of the 26th, when the entire division crossed the Rapidan and advanced upon the left of the army and in the direction of the headwaters of the Po River. Communicating from time to time with the general commanding the advance of the army corps on my right, I endeavored to regulate my march by his. Getting somewhat in advance, about 8 p. m. I halted the division on the head of the Po River, near the road leading from Parker's Store to Spotsylvania. During the day only small parties of the enemy were seen, and these retiring in different directions.

On the morning of the 27th, pursuant to orders from the major-general commanding Cavalry Corps, the division moved to Parker's Store, passing on to the Orange plank road in advance of the Fifth Army Corps. At New Hope Meeting House the First Brigade, Colonel J. P. Taylor commanding, met the pickets and first line of skirmishers of the enemy's cavalry. Two squadrons of the Third Pennsylvania Cavalry and one of the First Massachusetts Cavalry, dismounted, soon drove back this line. The enemy endeavored to check the advance by discharges of canister and shell from a piece

