
of artillery, but uselessly. A section of Martin's (Sixth New York) battery placed at the meeting house compelled the withdrawal of this piece. Additional squadrons of dismounted men were now moved upon the skirmish line, and the enemy rapidly driven a mile beyond the meeting house. At this point the enemy's cavalry disappeared behind a line of infantry, which advanced to meet the line of the division; a battery of artillery opened from the enemy's right. To check this advance, four regiments, the Third pennsylvania, First Massachusetts, First Pennsylvania, and First New Jersey, were dismounted and moved to the front, and two sections of Martin's battery placed in position close upon our line. This strong line of dismounted cavalry rushed upon the enemy, firing volleys from their carbines, and drove the infantry line to the cover of a dense woods and there held it at bay. Thirty-four prisoners were brought out and reported themselves as belonging to Hill's corps.

Major-General Sykes, having joined me at this time, moved forward one of his divisions, and late in the evening my division retired within his lines. In this action, the regiments and battery of the First Brigade behaved most handsomely.

The entire loss of the First Brigade was 2 officers killed and 5 wounded; 17 enlisted men killed and 59 enlisted men wounded, and 1 enlisted man missing.

On the 28th, the First Brigade was posted at the Wilderness with two regiments at Parker's Store, the Second Brigade at New Hope Meeting House.

On the 29th, Hampton's division of rebel cavalry made a strong attack at Parker's Store with the view of falling upon the wagon trains of the army. The pickets of the regiments at Parker's Store were rapidly driven in. The regiments engaged in distributing rations were attacked on all sides and compelled to retire toward the Wilderness. But sooner than they expected I moved three regiments of the Second Brigade, with a section of King's battery, Fourth U. S. Artillery, toward Parker's Store. The Second and Sixteenth Pennsylvania, in advance, met the enemy, charged him, releasing prisoners, and compelled the retirement of the enemy. the two regiments at Parker's Store lost a portion of their rations, and 1 wagon was burned to prevent its falling into the hands of the enemy.

On this day, the loss of the division was 4 officers wounded (one since died), 7 enlisted men killed and 40 enlisted men wounded, and 1 officer and 54 enlisted men missing. The loss of the enemy in killed and wounded was as great as our own.

On the 30th, Devin's brigade, of the First Division, having reported to me, it was posted at the Wilderness, and the whole of the First Brigade moved to Parker's Store. The movement of the army across the Rapidan on the night of the 1st of December was covered by the Second Division and Devin's brigade, of the First Division, and two brigades of infantry from the Third Army Corps, all under my command.

The Second Brigade of the Second Division and Blaisdell's brigade of infantry covered the movement on the road to Ely's Ford, the First Brigade, Second Division, and Smith's brigade of infantry that on the road to Culpeper Ford, and Devin's brigade on the road to Germanna Ford. These commands did the duty assigned to them in a very creditable manner.

The gallantry and good conduct of my entire command on the

