
dates of November 27 and 29 in deserving of the highest commendation.

Accompanying will be found a nominal list of casualties.*

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. MCM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Second Div.

Captain C. C. SUYDAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 91. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John W. Kester, First New Jersey Cavalry, First Brigade.

WARRENTON, VA., December 12, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit to your notice the part which the First New Jersey Cavalry took in the action of Friday, November 27, 1863, in the Wilderness, near Mountain Run, south of the Rapidan.

The position assigned us that day was in the rear of the First Brigade, the advance of which engaged the enemy's cavalry near [New] Hope Church, driving him toward Orange Court-House, and, when near Mountain Run, the enemy withdrew his cavalry and advanced a division of infantry, which brought our advance to a check. I was then ordered forward with the regiment. As I moved on to the field the lines began to waver under a vigorous shelling and a hail of rifle-balls from the enemy's infantry. I was ordered to take in my regiment and hold the ground. I dismounted the whole regiment and pressed forward with a cheer that sounded above the din of battle, and I was just in time, as I met fragments of broken regiments falling back. As we passed them they took up the cheer and followed. We then charged the enemy's infantry, driving him half a mile, and capturing 31 prisoners, and holding the ground until relieved by the Fifth Corps of infantry.

I cannot speak too highly of the gallantry of both officers and men of the command. They did honor to their State and country. It is almost impossible for me to speak of individual acts of gallantry, as all acted with such bravery as to call forth the admiration of all who saw them. Captain Robbins, Company G, and Sergeants Michenor and Scott, Company A, were particularly noticed for their activity in securing and bringing off the field a number of prisoners. Great credit is due to Major Janeway, Captain Hart, and Captain Gray, for the steady manner in which they handled heir battalions, and all honor is due to the braver but unfortunate Jamieson, who lived and died a soldiers, and his brave comrades who fell upon that field, nobly contesting for their country's honor.

My adjutant and other members of my staff acted with intrepid zeal, and were of the utmost importance to me, and I trust that the doings of the regiment may meet your approval.

The following is a list of casualties: Killed 9; wounded, 18.

JOHN W. KESTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding New Jersey Cavalry.

Honorable JOEL PARKER, Governor of New Jersey.

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 685.

---------------

