
Numbers 92. Report of Colonel Charles H. Smith, First Maine Cavalry, Second Brigade.

NEAR RICHARDSVILLE, VA.,

December 4, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the following as the operations of my regiment since leaving Morrisville, Va.:

November 24, 1863, moved from Morrisville to White Chapel. November 26, moved from white Chapel to near White Hall, via Ely's ford, picketing in the direction of Parker's Store. November 27, moved from near White Hall to a point half a mile west of New Hope Church, supporting the First Brigade during the day, and encamping in an open space beside plank road during the night. November 28, opened communication with First and Second Corps, and picketed the connecting road. November 29, went on picket on the right of the plank road; supported battery when rebel cavalry attacked train on the plank road; were relieved and went on picket at night on the same line as on the 28th. December 2, left camp, moved back to Parker's Store, and from that point to and across Ely's Ford as rear guard to left wing of the army. Since then have been picketing the road from Ely's ford to Richardsville.

C. H. SMITH,

Colonel First Maine Cavalry, Commanding.

Lieutenant JOHN B. MAITLAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 93. Report of Major Theodore H. Weed, Tenth New York Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH NEW YORK CAVALRY,December 4, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit to you the following report of the part taken by this command in the operations and movements of the Second Brigade from the time the same left its camp at Morrisville, November 24, ultimo, up to the date of its arrival at Richardsville, on the 2nd instant:

I broke camp near Morrisville at daybreak on the morning of the 24th, and moved with the brigade, which crossed Ellis' Ford, and marched to Richardsville, via Ely's Ford road. I bivouacked here for the night, and sent one squadron to picket the roads in the rear of the camp leading to Ely's and Germanna Fords. On the 25th, a detail of 150 men was made from the regiment for picket. My camp was not moved on this day.

Early on the 26th, I crossed the Rapidan with the brigade, being second in order of march. Shortly after crossing the river this regiment was put in the advance, which place it held during the remainder of the day's march. No enemy was encountered during the day except a few straggling parties of cavalry, which fled at our approach. Encamped soon after dark near White Brigade had been engaged, about 2 p. m., and was posted upon the left of the plank

