
On the 27th and 28th instant, I made a reconnaissance in the vicinity of Alexandria, capturing Colonel Dulany, aide to the bogus governor Peirpoint, several horses, and burning the railroad bridge across Cameron's Run, which was immediately under cover of the guns of two forts.

The military value of the pieces of warfare I have waged is not measured by the number of prisoners and material of war captured from the enemy, but by the heavy detail it has already compelled him to make, and which I hope to make him increase, in order to guard his communications, and to that extent diminishing his aggressive strength.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. MOSBY.

Major General J. E. B. STUART,

Commanding Cavalry Division.

[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,October 5, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded, and recommended that Major Mosby be promoted another grade in recognition of his valuable services. The capture of these prominent Union officials, as well as the destruction of bridges, trains, &amp;c., was the subject of special instructions which he is faithfully carrying out.

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,November 17, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded.

Major Mosby is entitled to great credit for his boldness and skill in his operations against the enemy. He keeps them in constant apprehension and inflict repeated injuries. I have hoped that he would have been able to raise his command sufficiently for the command of a lieutenant-colonel, and to have it regularly mustered into service. I am not aware that it numbers over four companies.

R. E. LEE,

General.

AUGUST 25, 1863.- Skirmish near Lab's Ferry, Chickahominy River, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General Henry A. Wise, C. S. Army.

Numbers 2.- Major John R. Robertson, Thirty-second Battalion, Virginia Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General Henry A. Wise, C. S. Army.

CHAFFIN'S FARM, VA.,

August 25, 1863-12.30 p. m.

MAJOR: I beg to forward the following copy of a report just received from Major Robertson, commanding, &c., cavalry. I waited

6 R R - VOL XXIX, PT I

