
road near the railroad grade and opposite the church. Two squadrons were immediately sent to picket the road leading from the church across the railroad southward. This being a weak point in our line and exposed to sudden attack, the remainder of the command was held, the entire night following, with ranks unbroken, in readiness for immediate action.

The following morning, 28th, the battalion stationed across the railroad the evening previous was driven in a short distance, and remained to picket the roads and neighborhood in that direction. Another battalion was sent up on the plank road after the withdrawal of the infantry, with directions to picket from this road across the grade, joining with the other battalion upon the left. A reserve of one squadron was stationed at the church. No further disposition or change was made during the day till I was relieved by the Eighth Pennsylvania at sundown, when I reported with the regiment at brigade headquarters, and was directed to go into camp in the field near by.

At 5 a. m., the 29th, I was notified that my regiment was detailed to report to Second Corps. I remained near brigade headquarters awaiting further orders until late in the afternoon, when I was sent down the road toward Parker's Store to support the battery. After the firing had ceased, the regiment was advanced a half mile farther, and one battalion sent forward to the store to reconnoiter. This returned soon after dark, capturing 3 prisoners. The enemy had fallen back and no force was discovered. I remained to picket this road, sending during the night one squadron to communicate with First Brigade. The next day, at 5 p. m., I moved up to headquarters and camped in the woods south of the road, leaving one squadron to picket road toward Parker's Store. At 4 a. m., December 2, I left camp here and marched with division to Richardsville, via Ely's Ford, encamping at 2 p. m. that day.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. H. WEED,

Major, Commanding Tenth Regiment New York Cavalry.

Lieutenant JOHN B. MAITLAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 94. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph P. Brinton, Second Pennsylvania Cavalry.

RICHARDSVILLE, VA.,

December 4, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with circular of to-day, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Second Regiment of Pennsylvania Cavalry, from November 24 to date:

November 24, broke camp near Morrisville and marched to Richardsville and bivouacked until November 26. Crossed the Rapidan at Ely's Ford, driving the enemy's pickets in, and advancing 4 miles down the Chancellorsville road; returned to Ely's Ford and marched to junction of White Hall and Parker's Store roads, picketing the former until November 27. Marched via White Hall and Parker's Store to New Hope Church, near which bivouacked until November

