
28. Retired 1 mile on the plank road toward Parker's Store, and bivouacked in the rear of a section of Lieutenant King's battery until November 29.

The enemy appeared at Parker's Store, and having broken the picket line of the First Brigade, advanced to within three-fourths of a mile of our camp, where a battalion of our regiment met them, and drove them back to and beyond Parker's Store, releasing 1 or 2 officers and 25 or 30 men captured from the First Brigade, and capturing of the enemy 5 prisoners. At this time, Colonel Huey, commanding Second Brigade, came up with three squadrons of our regiment and part of his brigade.

November 30, moved to New Hope Church and picketed on the roads on the left and front of that place until December 2, at 3 a. m., the army having retired. At 11 p. m. withdraw our pickets, and acted as rear guard to Parker's Store. Recrossed the Rapidan at Ely's Ford and moved to Richardsville, where we bivouacked until December 4 (to-day).

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. BRINTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant JOHN B. MAITLAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 95. Reports of Brigadier General George A. Custer, U. S. Army, commanding Third Cavalry Division.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,November 26, 1863-5.45 p. m.

COLONEL: I have been entirely successful in deceiving the enemy to-day as to my intention to effect a crossing. I have compelled him to maintain a strong line of battle, extending without break from Morton's to above Raccoon. During the day he opened upon me, and from at least thirty-six different guns. His infantry has filled his intrenchments all day, and stood to arms until dark. I had only 1 man (of Pennington's battery) wounded, although exposed to a very heavy cannonade. I shall watch the enemy closely during the night and picket the river strongly. I am confident that the movement of our army has not been discovered by the enemy at this point. My headquarters are in the woods, midway between Morton's and Raccoon Ford and about 1 mile from the river.

The enemy was massing his infantry and strengthening his artillery from Raccoon to Somerville until dark. He was also busily engaged between the same points in feeling trees and throwing up additional earth-works. He evidently expects us to attempt a passage at those points to-morrow morning. To strengthen this impression, I have caused fires to be built along the edge of the woods and my band to play at different points since dark, to give the impression that a strong force of infantry is here.

Very respectfully,

G. A. CUSTER,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,

Chief of Staff.

