HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,November 27, 1863-7 p. m.

COLONEL: Since writing my dispatch of 6.30 p. m., I have learned positively that Hill's (A. P.) corps left the vicinity of Orange Court-House at 4 a. m. to-day, and marched in the direction of Fredericksburg. I am now positive that it was Hill's advance I engaged to-day. I derive all this information from a prisoner just brought in who belongs to Heth's division of Hill's corps. He reports that Hill's corps received their orders (to move this morning) at dark last night. Stuart's headquarters were near Heth's, and he (Stuart) moved last night.

Very respectfully,

G. A. CUSTER,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel C. ROSS SMITH, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,Stevensburg, Va., December 4, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to an order from the headquarters of the Cavalry Corps, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this division in the recent operations of the army:

At 6 o'clock on the morning of the 26th ultimo, this division left camp near Stevensburg and moved to the Rapidan River, the First Brigade, Brigadier-General Davies, taking position near Raccoon Ford; the Second Brigade, under Colonel town, First Michigan Cavalry, going to Morton's Ford. One regiment, the First [West] Virginia Cavalry, belonging to the First Brigade, was ordered to remain and guard the fords between Morton's and Germanna. At the same time a regiment from the Second Brigade, the Sixth Michigan Cavalry, was sent to Somerville Ford, with orders to patrol the adjacent fords above that point. My instructions were to make demonstrations at different points from Morton's Ford upward, as if to cross, the moment I heard cannonading at the lower fords.

Hearing artillery shots at 10 a. m., I opened both my batteries upon the enemy, one at Morton's Ford, the other at Raccoon, at the same time making a feint to cross the river at four different points. The enemy, upon seeing the disposition I was making of my command, opened upon me from upward of thirty guns in position on the opposite heights. At the same time he moved forward a heavy force of infantry and occupied the intrenchments commanding the fords and the approaches to them. The enemy's line of battle was soon formed, and could be seen extending from Morton's Ford far above raccoon Ford. Every commanding height on the south bank of the river was furrowed with heavy earth-works, which were filled with the troops of the enemy.

Our endeavors to mislead the enemy were entirely successful; it was evident that he supposed our intention was to effect a crossing. To prevent this he kept his troops stating to arms throughout the day. Having discovered the movements of the rest of this army, the enemy, between 1 a. m. and daylight on the morning of the 27th, withdrew his infantry and artillery from the earth-works between Morton's and Raccoon Fords, and moved in the direction of Mine run, leaving only a small force of cavalry at Morton's and the adjacent fords.

