
Soon after daylight the Second Brigade, under Colonel Town, crossed the river at Morton's Ford, and took up a position on the south side, occupying the intrenchments of the enemy. The enemy's cavalry was driven over 2 miles from the ford; 32 prisoners were captured from the enemy with a loss on our side of but 1 men. A portion of the First Brigade effected a crossing at Raccoon Ford, but encountering Fitz. Lee's division of cavalry and a brigade of infantry, they deemed it advisable to recross the river, which they did in good order and without loss.

In the early part of the afternoon of the 27th, a strong line of skirmishers, supported by a heavy column of infantry, was reported to be advancing from the direction of Orange Court-House. A heavy line of skirmishers was thrown forward to meet and, if possible, to delay the advance of the enemy. The two lines encountered each other nearly opposite Raccoon Ford. Brisk skirmishing ensued, my men slowly retiring before the vastly superior force of the enemy, whose march was so delayed by our attacks that it was dark before his advance passed Morton's Ford. From prisoners we learned that the force with which we had been engaged was the advance of A. P. Hill's corps, which had left Orange Court-House at 4 o'clock in the morning, and was moving to join Ewell's corps.

On the 28th, slight skirmishing occurred with the enemy's cavalry. During the 29th and 30th of November, and the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd of December, the command was not engaged with the enemy, but merely watched the upper fords of the river. On the afternoon of the 3rd instant, the batteries and those regiments not on picket duty returned to their camps near Stevensburg.

To sum up the operations of this division during the late movement of the army: On the 26th ultimo, it occupied the attention of two entire divisions of Ewell's corps (Rodes' and Early's), causing them to stand to arms until dark. On the 27th ultimo, the division met and encountered the advance of A. P. Hill's corps, and checked its march until after dark. the remaining days spent at the river passed without anything of importance occurring.

My loss was 2 killed, 4 wounded, and 1 captured by the enemy. We killed 6 of the enemy and took 35 prisoners.

During these operations the conduct of officers and men was all I could desire.

Lieutenant Christiancy, of my staff, had his horse shot from under him, while engaged with the enemy, on the evening of the 27th of November.

Respectfully submitted.

G. A. CUSTER,

Brigadier General of Vols., Commanding Third Div., Cav. Corps.

Captain C. C. SUYDAM, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 96. Report of Brigadier General Henry E. Davies, jr. U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.

STEVENSBURG, VA., December 3, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward the following report of the part taken by this command in the operations of the past week:

I left my camp at this point on Thursday, November 26, at 7 a. m.,

