
and moved to Morton's Ford, and there received from the general commanding division instructions to proceed to Raccoon Ford and hold that point, to observe the movements of the enemy as far as practicable, and to cross the river at any time I could without endangering the safety of the command. I moved toward Raccoon Ford from Morton's, by the river road, in sight of the south bank of the river and the greater part of the way commanded by the enemy's batteries. Within a mile of Raccoon Ford, a battery on the south bank of the river opened on my column, and fired some twenty rounds of shell without producing any casualty. I turned a little to the right, and, by moving along the edge of the woods, succeeded in reaching the point I was ordered to make.

I found a detachment of the Second Brigade on picket near the ford, but not holding the river bank, the enemy being in possession of the cluster of houses on the bank on this side, from which they occasionally fired at our men. As I rode down to the ford, accompanied by an officer and two orderlies, the enemy again opened their guns, this time from the battery on the hill immediately over the ford.

I brought down a section of Lieutenant Field's battery, with which I opened fire on the rebel works. They replied to it with eight guns, and displayed a considerable force of infantry so placed as to demonstrate that a crossing with the force at my disposal was out of the question. The hills on the south bank of the river are much higher than any point on this side, and are covered with earth-works at every commanding position. The banks in the vicinity of the ford are lined with rifle-pits completely commanding the ford and the narrow roads leading to and from it. There is but one place on this side of the river where artillery can be in the least degree sheltered, and that can be commanded on the right by guns in an earth-work the enemy have constructed.

My guns kept up a spirited fire, but the enemy soon placed two of their guns in the position I have mentioned, on the right, and I found that my artillery could be of little service at that time, and withdrew it. For the remainder of the day all was quiet, except occasional picket firing. During the night Lieutenant Smith, of my battery, threw up a small earth-work on the ground my guns had occupied, and in the morning I had battery in position and securely covered.

At 9 a. m. on the 27th, the enemy's infantry which had been at the ford suddenly withdrew, leaving not a man to be seen in the position. I could, however, observe a cavalry vedette posted on a high hill to my right, where all my movements could be observed. At the same time I received from the general commanding division notice that the Second Brigade had crossed at Morton's Ford, and orders to cross if possible and communicate with him on the south bank of the river.

Judging from the movements of the enemy that they fell back only to draw the command over the river, I went over with two regiments, throwing out a strong line of skirmishers and sending parties both to the right and left. As I gained the first range of hills beyond the river, I could see a body of infantry falling back in line toward the next ridge, and also a cavalry force of at least three regiments in my front at a distance of little over half a mile. They fell back in the center, keeping their flanks firm. I advanced my skirmishers as they fell back and gained half a mile from the river.

