
I then learned that the party sent to my left to communicate with the Second Brigade had met a force of the enemy, and also that on my right a column of cavalry was advancing down the river.

Under these circumstances, in view of the instructions I had received, I determined to recross the river. As the enemy had ceased retiring and now began a brisk attack on my skirmishers, I directed them to stand firm and at once sent back my main body across the ford, having my guns in position, and placing a battalion of the Fifth New York, commanded by Captain Krom, in the house at the ford.d The main force having retired, I ordered the skirmishers in at the gallop. They retired, closely followed by the enemy's cavalry, who were at once checked by my guns, and the men posted at the ford, and the whole command crossed the river without losing a man. The enemy then placed a battery in position and began an artillery duel with my guns, which, being well protected by the earth-works I had thrown up, silenced them and drove them from their position. They also endeavored to re-occupy their rifle-pits on the bank of the river, but were driven off by the men in the little village at the ford.

From a prisoner I took, as well as from some contrabands who came into my lines, I learned that Lee's division of cavalry, with a force of infantry attached, were holding that ford, which was regarded as the left of the rebel line of battle. From that time until this morning, when I withdrew part of my command, desultory skirmishing was kept up between the pickets. Every day the enemy would fire with their artillery a few shots at my position, but my guns could always drive them off. My skirmishers at the ford succeeded in keeping them away from their rifle-pits on the bank, and kept them on the crest of the hill back of the river.

On Tuesday morning, the 1st instant, I succeeded in throwing a few men over the river, who reached the hill beyond the river, where they met and were driven back by the infantry posted there. To-day the enemy appear to have resumed the positions held before the recent movements, and have skirmished strongly with my pickets.

I am happy to be able to report but 3 casualties in my command, all enlisted men, slightly wounded; none missing or killed.

I would particularly mention for good conduct Captain Krom, Fifth New York Cavalry, who, with his battalion, at his own request, held for six days the houses at Raccoon Ford against the enemy's skirmishers, and Lieutenant Field, commanding Battery E, Fourth U. S. Artillery, who fought his guns in a poor position, against great odds, with gallantry and skill.

Respectfully,

H. E. DAVIES, JR.,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain ESTES, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 97. Report of Colonel Charles H. Town, First Michigan Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade.

STEVENSBURG, VA., December 4, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with orders of yesterday's date, I have the honor to report the part taken by this brigade in the recent movement of the Army of the Potomac:

At an early hour on the morning of the 26th ultimo, it moved by

