
for this report from him as I was very certain the gunboat would remain up the Chickahominy only a short time, and I sent the cavalry there.

Very respectfully,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

Major T. O. CHESTNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Chaffin's Farm, August 25, 1863-8.30 p. m.

GENERAL: By dispatch of 12 m. to-day, Major Robertson reports that about 7 a. m. to-day he was informed that the enemy had landed at Lamb's Ferry, from their gunboat, a body of infantry, which advanced on the road leading from that ferry to the main road. Captain Hawley had met the enemy, and been fired on by them. Major Robertson reports that he advanced immediately, and came up (from Southall's, 2 1/2 to 4 miles above Lamb's Ferry) with Hawley's detachment in the road, about 600 yards from the enemy; that he selected a position, and tried to induce the enemy to uncover his force and failed; that the enemy was strongly posted in a commanding position and fired on every man who showed himself, and that he, Major Robertson, did not deem it prudent to attack him. This with the belief that if not molested the gunboat would advance higher up the river, caused him, Major Robertson, to withdraw to Southall's, above Lamb's Ferry some 4 miles, without having sustained any loss.

He says the gunboat is a small affair carrying only two guns. Citizens report that she is undoubtedly loaded with boxes. He says that she is still (at 12 m. to-day) lying off Lamb's Ferry and the enemy have retired to her. His orders were to attack the enemy, and to destroy the gunboat if possible. These orders are repeated to him, and not to allow her to land or to retire without giving her the best fight he can.

Lamb's Ferry is 30 miles from this place. A considerable force, if any, ought to be sent there, say a section of artillery and six companies of infantry. It will take them twelve hours at least, if not fifteen hours, to reach there. I can start them by 5 o'clock to-morrow morning, but I apprehend the gunboat will be gone before the men can make the march. Please say by return consider whether I shall send them or not.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

Major General ARNOLD ELZEY,

Commanding, &amp;c.

Numbers 2. Reports of Major John R. Robertson, Thirty-second Battalion, Virginia Cavalry.

BLUFF AT SOUTHALL'S, OR MOUNT AIRY,

August 25, 1863-6 a. m.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that I arrived at this place a few minutes since. On inquiry from reliable citizens I learn that

