
to his intention, led me to believe that he would attack, and I desired to have the advantage that such an attempt on his part would afford.

After awaiting his advance until Tuesday evening, preparations were made to attack him on Wednesday morning. This was prevented by his retreat. The dense forest which covers the scene of operations prevented our discovering his withdrawal until he was beyond pursuit.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjt. and Insp. General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,April 27, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the report of the operations of this army on the occasion of the advance of the Federal forces, under Major-General Meade, in November, 1863.

After its return from Culpeper, as previously reported, the army occupied the line of the Rapidan without interruption until November 26. The enemy was encamped in the vicinity of Culpeper Court-House and between that place and the Rappahannock. On the day last mentioned, large bodies of troops were observed moving toward the lower fords of the Rapidan, and at a later hour intelligence was received that the enemy had crossed that river in force at Ely's, Culpeper Mine, Germanna, and Jacobs' Fords. The country in that vicinity was unfavorable for observation, being almost an unbroken forest, and it could not be discovered whether it was the design of the Federal commander to advance toward Richmond or more up the Rapidan upon our right flank.

The army was withdrawn from its lines during the night of the 26th and put in motion, with the intention of falling upon his flank and rear should he attempt the first-mentioned movement or giving battle should he essay the execution of the second. Lieutenant-General Ewell being absent on account of sickness, his corps was placed under the command of Major-General Early, who was directed to move by the old turnpike and Raccoon Ford roads to Locust Grove. Hill's corps marched down the plank road. Hampton's division of cavalry, accompanied by General Stuart, proceeded the advance of the main boyd. The defense of our line on the Rapidan was intrusted to Fitz. Lee's cavalry division.

During the forenoon of the 27th, the cavalry in front reported the enemy advancing up the turnpike and plank road, but as it was supposed that it might be only a force thrown out to cover the movement of the main body toward Fredericksburg, the march of the troops was continued. About a mile and a half east of Mine Run, General Hill's leading division, under General Heth, met the cavalry slowly retiring before the enemy. A brigade of infantry was deployed to support the cavalry, and after a brisk skirmish the progress of the enemy was arrested.

In the meantime Early's division, under General Hays, advanced on the old turnpike to within less than a mile of Locust Grove, and discovered that the enemy's infantry already occupied that place.

