
the steamer came up as far as Hog-Neck, remaining about two hours, and slowly returned at 4 p. m. yesterday. A negro reports that she had no guns on board, but was heavily loaded with boxes. He was much nearer to the boat than any one else.

I selected Southall's to make an attack because the river is very narrow at that point, not exceeding 50 yards, with high, almost perpendicular bluffs. Captain Hawley, with a detachment, has gone to Lamb's Ferry, about 7 miles lower down. Will forward another dispatch as soon as his report reaches me.

I shall remain here until evening, with my men dismounted and concealed, in hopes that she may advance again. Hog-Neck is about one mile and a half below Southall's. There is no position lower down where I can inflict any damage, with small-arms, on a vessel of light draft. If she attempts to pass here, I will have her, certain.

Respectfully and truly,

J. R. ROBERTSON,

Major, Commanding.

Captain J. H. PEARCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SOUTHALL'S,

August 25, 1863-12 m.

CAPTAIN: I respectfully report that soon after forwarding my last dispatch (6 a. m.), information reached me from Captain Hawley that the gunboat was lying off Lamb's Ferry, and that she had landed a body of infantry, which had already advanced as far as Beverly Ammon's farm, on the road leading from Lamb's Ferry to the main road, about 2 1/2 miles from Southall's. I immediately dispatched a messenger, ordering him not to attack them, as I wished them to be entirely ignorant of our presence. I threw forward trusty woodsmen and skillful scouts, to watch their movements and report to me.

Captain Hawley, not getting my message in time, advanced his force to the edge of the field, and rode forward to reconnoiter. They allowed him to pass nearly by, and then their sharpshooters, posted in the thick corn, fired upon him and simultaneously upon four of the detachments who unguardedly exposed themselves at the edge of the timber. Believing that Hawley was killed or captured, the sergeant in charge sent me a verbal message that the enemy were in force and that Captain Hawley was cut off.

Not knowing the particulars, I inferred that the entire force was cut off, and hearing the rapid discharge of small-arms, I determined to advance at once to his relief. Putting my column in rapid motion, I soon came up with Hawley's detachment standing in the road about 600 yards from the enemy, with a skirt of dense timber intervening. About this time Captain Hawley, having made a circuit through the woods, came up in my rear entirely unhurt. I selected a position, threw forward skirmishers, and used every effort to include the enemy to uncover his force; in this, after several attempts, I failed. He was strongly posted in some houses on an eminence commanding the entire field, and would fire every time a man showed himself. Taking into consideration these facts, I did not deem it prudent to attack him. I was not authorized to do so in my orders, but, on the con-

