
Run, and Johnson's division on the right, occupying the line from Mountain's Run by Humes' old shop to Walnut Run. The whole corps was ordered to be in readiness to meet the enemy and to move at any moment.

In the afternoon of this day, information was received from the cavalry pickets on the river below that the enemy had thrown a pontoon bridge across at Jacobs' ford, above Germanna Ford, and was crossing troops at that point, and also at Germanna and Culpeper Mine Fords. This information having been transmitted to the commanding general, I received instructions from him to take up a line perpendicular to the river and prepare to meet the enemy, and to act as circumstances might require.

I accordingly directed Major-General Rodes to move at 12 o'clock at night with his division and occupy a line from Johnson's right, on Walnut Run, to Zoar Church, leaving a brigade to guard and picket the line previously occupied by him, and Brigadier-General Hays to move with my own division to the point at which Gordon's four regiments had been previously posted, and connect with Rodes' right at Zoar Church, extending his line toward Verdierville, and to leave a brigade to guard and picket the line previously occupied by this division. Stafford's brigade was ordered to rejoin Johnson's division, which was directed to remain in its former position. These movements were made as directed, and Doles' brigade was left at Morton's Ford, and Pegram's brigade at Somerville Ford. I received further directions during the night from the commanding general to move at daylight next morning in the direction of Locust Grove, and endeavor to strike the enemy on his flank if he should be moving to the south, or in the direction of Chancellorsville.

At 4 o'clock in the morning, 27th, Major General Fitz. Lee reported with two brigades of cavalry for the purpose of relieving my two brigades on picket, and these brigades were ordered to rejoin their divisions as soon as relieved. Major-General Johnson was ordered to move his division by Bartlett's Mill to Locust Grove; Major-General Rodes was ordered to move his division on the road from Zoar Church to the same point, and Brigadier-General Hays was ordered to move my own division on the stone turnpike to the same point, Andrews' battalion of artillery being ordered to accompany Johnson's division; Carter's battalion to accompany Rodes' division, and Jones' battalion to accompany my own division. The trains of the corps and the Reserve Artillery were ordered to Verdierville; Johnson's division train was ordered to go by Zoar Church so as not to be exposed, and General Johnson was ordered to look out for his left flank so as not to be surprised.

The routes on which Johnson and Rodes moved united about a mile from Locust Grove, and General Rodes being nearest the point of intersection was ordered to communicate with General Johnson as soon as he reached this point. As soon as these dispositions were made I reported to the commanding general at mr. Rhodes', near Verdierville, by his direction. Previous information received from the officer commanding the cavalry picket at Locust Grove stated that the enemy's cavalry picket was about 2 miles east of that place on the old turnpike road. At the time I reported to the commanding general at Mr. Rhodes' house, it was supposed that the enemy was moving in the direction of Chancellorsville or toward Spotsylvania Court-House and it was thought that any force he might move up in our direction would be merely to cover his rear and flank and

