
on coming in sight of that place I found it already occupied by the enemy with infantry and artillery, apparently in strong force. The division was at once deployed and made ready for action. Hoke's and Hays' brigades, under command of Colonel William Monaghan, of the latter, were placed in position with their left resting on the pike, and Gordon's was posted on the extension of this line with his right touching Colonel Monaghan's left. Skirmishers were promptly thrown to the front and within a short distance of the enemy's main body. There being no favorable position for my artillery, and the enemy holding a line of great strength, I deemed it inexpedient to attack without co-operation, and accordingly sent a staff officer to communicate with Major-General Rodes, who, I had been informed, would be about a mile to my left. General Rodes thinking it unadvisable to attack on account of the detention of Johnson's division, I advanced no farther during the day, and the afternoon was spent in desultory skirmishing.

I have to regret, however, that in this affair Captain Bringhurst, a gallant and faithful officer of the Ninth Louisiana Regiment, received a mortal wound.

Brigadier-General Pegram rejoined the division about 2 p. m. with his brigade, and about midnight, by Major-General Early's orders, I withdrew my entire force to the west bank of Mine Run.

Early next morning, November 28, we formed a line of battle and commenced the construction of breastworks. Gordon's brigade was placed with its left on the stone pike and its right a little south of the road from Mine Run to Verdierville, and Hays' and Hoke's brigades were put in line on the right of Gordon's, and connection was established with Major-Generals Anderson and Rodes on the right and left of the division, respectively. Two batteries of Lieutenant-Colonel Jones' artillery were placed in position in rear of Hoke's brigade and on a slight eminence near Rowe's house. These arrangements were scarcely completed when the enemy appeared on the east bank of Mine rune and advanced his skirmishers near the stream. No demonstration, however, was made during the day beyond a slight cannonade directed at Lieutenant-Colonel Jones' artillery, which was replied to.

In this action there were but few casualties and the results were unimportant.

On the night of the 28th, a more desirable line of defense having been chosen about half a mile to the rear of the first, we withdrew under cover of darkness and established it by torchlight. My left now rested a little north of the stone pike and my right on the dirt road to Verdierville. Brigadier-General Pegram with his brigade was held in reserve, as had been the case on the day previous. We commenced fortifying before daylight, and by an early hour in the forenoon had constructed a formidable line of breast-works of logs and earth with strong abatis in front. During the morning the enemy engaged our skirmishers with their own and threw a few shells into our lines, but no movement of importance occurred.

On November 29 and 30 and December 1, our status was unchanged. Skirmishing, however, of light character was continuous.

At 3 a. m., December 2, in obedience to orders, I moved to the right and occupied the trenches just vacated by Major-Generals Anderson and Heth. The whole division was now thrown in line. Brigadier-General Pegram held the right wing, which rested on the plank road; Colonel Monaghan, with Hoke's and Hays' brigades,

