
trary, to keep quiet. This, together with the belief that if not molested - being ignorant of our intention and strength - the boat would yet advance, and Captain Hawley's statement, confirmed me in my conviction, and I withdrew to Southall's, not having sustained any loss.

The gunboat is still lying off Lamb's Ferry. She is a small affair, carrying only two guns. With artillery I think she could be easily destroyed. Citizens report that she is undoubtedly loaded with boxes. I will await orders here.

I respectfully ask for instructions per return courier, as my men and horses are without rations of forage.

Since writing the above the enemy have retired to the gunboat.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. ROBERTSON,

Major, Commanding.

Captain J. H. PEARCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.

CHAFFIN'S FARM,

August 25, 1863.

Major J. R. ROBERTSON:

Your dispatch of 12 m. is received. I regret that you allowed the enemy to retire to their gunboat without attacking. If it was not prudent to attack them, that was of itself a good reason, but there was nothing in the orders from these headquarters to add to its force.

Your only orders were:

To concentrate your cavalry at the Chickahominy River, dismount your men and give the best fight you can. This order you will obey immediately upon its receipt.

Again:

General Elzey's orders are to destroy the boat if possible.

You were cautioned that the gunboat would probably-

Not remain up the Chickahominy all night, so you will see the necessity of moving promptly and quietly, avoiding all unnecessary noise that might alarm her.

The instructions are all which have been sent to you, and are dated August 24, 7 p. m., just twenty-four hours ago. These did "authorize you to attack the enemy," and instead of ordering you to "keep quiet" in not attacking him, ordered you to "move promptly and quietly, avoiding all unnecessary noise," in making your attack. On the contrary you have allowed the enemy to land and to retire to their boat without attacking them, and have been surprised by them, instead of taking them unawares. Please look again to your orders. "A small affair carrying only two guns," as you described the gunboat, could not have landed a large force, and your position ought to be nearer to the boat and below her.

I apprehend it is too late to send artillery more than 30 miles to reach her now. Your instructions above are repeated; attack her in every way in your power; watch her closely, and do not allow her to land any force or to retire any. Send for rations, and forage on the grass until she leaves the Chickahominy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

