
held the center, and Brigadier-General, with his left posted at Gold Mine Furnace, held the left wing.

As soon as it was light, it having been discovered that the enemy had retired from our front during the night, I marched by order on the stone pike (toward Fredericksburg) to the point of its junction with the plank road to Germanna Ford. We then marched on the latter road within 3 miles of the ford, and it having been ascertained that the enemy had recrossed the Rapidan, we retraced our steps to Mine Run, and, arriving there at 10 p. m., bivouacked for the night.

At daylight, December 2, we resumed the march and reached our old camps near Raccoon, Somerville, and Robertson's Fords about 12 m. We then relieved the cavalry that had guarded them in our absence and re-established our former lines.

For further information you are respectfully referred to the accompanying reports of the several brigade commanders. No report has been called for from the commander of Hoke's brigade, as it is now absent in North Carolina. The report of Colonel Monaghan, however, embraces its operations.

A list of casualties is also forwarded herewith.

I take occasion before concluding this report to express my appreciation of the high soldierly spirit evinced by the officers and men of this division in a ready compliance with orders and a cheerful endurance of the privations to which they were subjected, alike meriting the highest praise, and I will add that had the enemy ventured an attack, I feel assured he would have met a bloody and disastrous repulse at their hands.

The members of the division staff-Major S. Hale, assistant adjutant and inspector general, and Major John W. Daniel, assistant adjutant-general-acquitted themselves to my entire satisfaction, as did also Lieutenant W. C. Cage, of my personal staff, and Mr. William Woodville, of Maryland, a volunteer aide-de-camp on the occasion.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HARRY T. HAYS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major G. CAMPBELL BROWN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Army Corps.

[Inclosure.]

Return of Casualties in Early's division during operations near Locust Grove and Mine Run, November 26-December 3.

Killed. Wounded.

Command.	 Officers.	 Men.	 Officers.	 Men.

Hays' Brigade.

6th Louisiana.	 ...	 ...	 ...	 3

8th Louisiana.	 ..	 1	 ...	 1

9th Louisiana.	 a1	 ...	 ...	 3

Total.	 1	 1	 ...	 7

Pegram's Brigade.

13th Virginia.	 ...	 ...	 ...	 3

Total.	 ...	 ...	 ..	 3

Missing.

Command.	 Officers.	 Men.	 Aggregate.

Hays' Brigade.

6th Louisiana.	 ...	 3	 6

8th Louisiana.	 ...	 ...	 2

9th Louisiana.	 ...	 ..	 4

Total.	 ...	 3	 12

Pegram's Brigade.

13th Virginia.	 ...	 ...	 3

Total.	 ..	 ...	 3

a Captain A. C. Bringhurst, Company B, killed.

