
brigade occupied that line, and the Thirteenth Virginia Regiment was formed as a second line immediately in its rear.

In this affair Major Daniel conducted himself with the utmost gallantry, having dismounted from his horse and advanced to the extreme front with a gun in his hand.

The night of November 30 it being reported that the enemy intended to make a night attack, in obedience to orders from Brigadier-General Hays, I kept my men in readiness for action by requiring them to sleep on their arms.

December 1, we kept our same position, on in constant expectation of the enemy's advance, and at 3 o'clock the morning of December 3, 1863, we moved by the flank a distance of 2 miles in the direction of the Fredericksburg plank road to a point in our line of breastworks vacated by Mahone's brigade, Hill's corps, that corps having moved to the right. In a short time after our arrival in this position it was discovered that the enemy had retreated in the direction of Locust Grove. Returning then to the turnpike in pursuit of the enemy, we recrossed Mine Run, passed by Locust Grove, and continued the route to Chancellorsville until we came in sight of the Wilderness Tavern, when we turned to the left, and for several miles pursued the road leading to Germanna Ford. Here we learned of the enemy's recrossing the river, and retracing our steps we went into bivouac in the neighborhood of our late line of battle.

The morning of December 3 I brought back my command to the camp near Raccoon Ford.

In this report I have omitted mentioning the casualties of Hoke's brigade, as I am not in possession of its loss, and am unable to procure the information on account of the absence of that command.

I cannot close this report without awarding the highest praise to both officers and men for their prompt obedience to orders, their patience under exposure to the severity of the weather, and the ardor of their desire to encounter the enemy-a desire, I regret to add,w e were not permitted by the abundance of his prudence to gratify.

To the several staff officers in their respective departments I am under obligations for valuable assistance, and to Captain Thomas H. Biscoe, Company K, Fifth Louisiana Regiment, I am largely indebted for service rendered as aide-de-camp.

My loss in the whole affair was 1 officer killed and 1 officer wounded, 3 privates killed, 3 privates wounded, and 1 taken prisoner.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. MONAGHAN,

Colonel, Commanding Hays' and Hoke's Brigades.

Major JOHN W. DANIEL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Early's Division.

Numbers 106. Report of Brigadier General John B. Gordon, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.

HEADQUARTERS GORDON'S BRIGADE, April 4, 1864.

MAJOR: In accordance with orders from division headquarters I beg to submit the following report of the operations of my brigade, from November 26 to December 2, 1863, inclusive:

