
Early on the morning of the first-mentioned day, as ordered by Brigadier-General Hays, commanding division, I proceeded, with four regiments of my brigade (the Thirteenth Georgia, Colonel Smith; Thirty-eighth Georgia, Lieutenant-Colonel Davant; Sixtieth Georgia, Major Jones, and the Sixty-first Georgia Regiment, Colonel Lamar commanding), to the intersection of the old turnpike with a road leading at right angles to it and by Zoar Church, two regiments of my brigade (the Twenty-sixth and Thirty-first Georgia) having been left on picket at Robertson's Ford, under the command of Colonel C. A. Evans, of the Thirty-first Georgia. Having arrived at the point designated in the order, I communicated with Brigadier-General Stafford, at Zoar Church, and as directed by Major-General Early, commanding corps, in order to check an anticipated raid of the enemy's cavalry up these roads, proceeded to post one regiment (Thirteenth Georgia) on the plank road at the junction of this and the Catharpin road, marching to this position by a road leading from Zoar Church across to the plank road by the old gold mine. The Thirty-eighth Georgia was posted on a commanding position on the old pike on this side of and about a fourth of a mile from the point where this road crosses Mine Run. My two other regiments (the Sixtieth and Sixty-first Georgia) I posted on either side of the dirt road leading from New Verdierville to Locust Grove. Having reconnoitered the country between Zoar Church and the plank road, I proceeded to fell timber at such points as, in my opinion, would most effectually obstruct any advance by the enemy's cavalry.

During the night of November 26, my two regiments (Twenty-sixth and Thirty-first Georgia) left at Robertson's Ford, on the Rapidan, reported to me on the old pike near Mine Run.

On the morning of the 27th, I was ordered to march in advance along this road in the direction of Locust Grove. Sending a staff officer to bring up the Thirteenth Georgia Regiment, posted on the plank road, I crossed Mine Run, and, when within half a mile of Locust Grove, came in contact with the enemy's advanced guard of cavalry, supported by infantry. Deploying the Sixtieth Georgia as skirmishers across the road, this line was immediately advanced, driving back the enemy's infantry or dismounted cavalry skirmishers, which had been deployed as we came in sight, for several hundred yards.

In the meantime, while this skirmishing progressed, the enemy had posted one or more rifled pieces on the high hill at Locust Grove to command the road. They fired with considerable precision, rendering it necessary to clear the road of troops. No one was killed or wounded by this fire. At this point I was ordered to halt my skirmishers and to form line of battle across the road. In this position my brigade remained during the day and until withdrawn at night, connecting with the brigade of Brigadier-General Ramseur on the left, and with Brigadier-General Hays's brigade on the right.

Late in the afternoon of the 27th, the enemy advanced his line of skirmishers, with a heavy support, under the cover of the dense underbrush, and drove back the skirmishers on the right of my regiment (Sixtieth Georgia), leaving its right flank exposed. Before this regiment could be withdrawn (the commanding officer, Major W. B. Jones, having resolutely held his ground), a few his men were captured. His loss during the day amounted to: Killed, 3; wounded, 15; missing 13.

