
During the night of the 27th, my brigade, with the other troops of the division, was withdrawn to the west side of Mine Run.

Early on the morning of the 28th, a line of battle was formed near the run, my left resting on the old pike and connecting with the brigade of Brigadier-General Daniel. This line was partially fortified, when it was thought necessary to change that portion of it occupied by Brigadier-General Daniel's brigade (of Major-General Rodes' division), by Major-General Early's division, and by a portion of Major-General Anderson's division, to one selected about a fourth of a mile to the rear. Upon this line my brigade, with the troops last mentioned, was placed during the night of the 28th.

At early dawn on the morning of the 29th, proceeded to fortify it. My left still connected with the brigade of Brigadier-General Daniel, but was moved the length of one regiment farther to the left, so that one of my regiments was on the left of the pike and posted in the intervals between pieces of artillery belonging to Major-General Rodes' division.

On the 29th, eight companies of the Sixty-first Georgia, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel McArthur, covered the brigade front as skirmishers and were posted near the run. The enemy crossed a force above and to my right, and drove in some of the skirmishers from Major-General Anderson's division.

Riding through the pines in front of my brigade in the direction of the vacated house belonging to Mr. Rowe, I was greatly surprised to meet skirmishers from the brigade of Brigadier-General Hays, and to find myself exposed to fire from the enemy's skirmishers, who had gained the hill near this house. From these men I learned that the line had given way still farther to the right. I could now hear firing in front of my brigade, and sent immediately to learn the cause and the position of my skirmishers. It was ascertained that this line was engaged with the enemy in front, and that he had succeeded in passing in rear of its right, leaving it in a very exposed position. The lost ground was soon recovered and the line re-established. Thus twice during the operations of these few days did the breaking of skirmishers on one portion of the line greatly endanger another.

I cannot too highly commend the conduct of the officers (Lieutenant-Colonel McArthur, of the Sixty-first, and Major Jones, of the Sixtieth Georgia) who commanded the skirmishers from my brigade on the two occasions referred to, in so resolutely holding their positions until withdrawn by orders.

The casualties of the Sixty-first Georgia in this affair were: Killed, 1; wounded, 10; missing, 8.

About 3 a. m., December 2, my brigade, as ordered by Brigadier-General Hays, commanding division, moved by the right flank, following the troops on my right, and occupied a position near the old gold mine. It was soon discovered that the enemy had retreated, and, with the other troops of the division, my brigade followed in pursuit. Having marched about 2 miles beyond Wilderness Tavern, on the Germanna Ford road, I was ordered to move back and encamp on the west side of Mine Run. On December 3, my brigade re-occupied its old camp near Somerville Ford, on the Rapidan.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. GORDON,

Brigadier-General.

Major JOHN W. DANIEL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Early's Division.

