
Numbers 107. Report of Major General Edward Johnson, C. S. Army, commanding division.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION,February 2, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report and the accompanying sub-reports of the part borne by my division in the action of Payne's Farm, on November 27, 1863, and the succeeding operations on Mine Run:

On the morning of the 26th, the enemy having been reported as crossing the Rapidan in force at Jacobs' Ford, the command was ordered into the breastworks in our front, extending from Mountain to Walnut Run, on a line at right angles with the general course of the river. Stafford's brigade was ordered to Zoar Church to watch the movements of the enemy.

At an early hour next morning, Stafford's brigade having rejoined the command, the troops, in pursuance of an order from the major-general commanding the corps, were moved out of the works and down the road by Bartlett's Mill, with a view to forming a junction with Rodes' division at Locust Grove. In obedience to orders from corps headquarters, the ordnance and baggage wagons were sent by way of Zoar Church. The command moved in the following order: First, Jones' brigade; second, Stafford's brigade; third, the "Stonewall" Brigade, followed by Andrews' battalion of artillery and the ambulances. Steuart's brigade was ordered to bring up the rear, to guard against any sudden dash upon the artillery. Skirmishers were thrown out to the front and on the left of the head of the column. They encountered a few of the enemy's vedettes at the junction of an obscure road leading in the direction of Jacobs' Ford with that along which the column was advancing. These being quickly driven off, the command was moved rapidly forward until the head of the column reached Rodes' left at a point about 3 miles from Bartlett's Mill.

Soon after the column had been halted Brigadier-General Steuart sent forward to the division commander, and apprised him of the fact that the ambulance train in his front had been attacked by the enemy's skirmishers, supposed to be dismounted cavalry. Riding to the rear, he found General Steuart's skirmishers briskly engaged with those of the enemy, who were endeavoring to turn his left. To prevent this, General Steuart was ordered to throw back his left and form his brigade at right angles to the road. The other three brigades were ordered to about-face, close up upon General Steuart's right, and throw out skirmishers.

It was now evident that the enemy's infantry was in our front, heavy bodies of them in line of battle having been discovered. The brigade commanders on the right of Steuart were ordered to feel the enemy, and he was found to cover the front of our entire command with the exception of two regiments on our extreme right. His right extended beyond Steuart's left, so that the opposing forces presented about equal fronts. We, however, had only one line, while the enemy had two or more.

There was heavy skirmishing now along the entire line, and it was in repelling the enemy-who twice in line of battle attempted, and unsuccessfully, to drive back his regiment, deployed as skirmishers-

