
force of the enemy from an admirable position, turned upon him and drove him from the field, which he left strewn with arms, with artillery and infantry ammunition, his dead and dying. Opposed by French's and part of Sedgwick's corps, they gained so decided a success that General French was relieved from command by his Government on account of the result of the action, a sufficiently high encomium upon the soldiers whose valor overcame him.

To Brigadier-General Steuart, Brigadier-General Walker, Brigadier-General Jones, and Brigadier-General Stafford, the highest praise is due for the gallantry and skill with which they led their commands.

General Steuart was slightly wounded in the arm; General Jones more seriously in the head early in the action, and was carried from the field, when Colonel Witcher, of the Twenty-first Virginia Infantry, a most gallant officer, assumed command. General Jones reported for duty a few days afterward, before he had sufficiently recovered to justify his doing so, on hearing that a general engagement was imminent.

General Walker, when during the engagement one of his regiments staggered under a terrific fire, seized the colors, leaped his horse over a fence into an open field in front of his command, and waved his men on, while the lines of the enemy, 80 yards distant, directed a fearful converging fire upon him. General Stafford acted with similar daring, but fortunately, neither was wounded.

I beg leave to call your attention to the accompanying brigade and regimental reports, where special mention is made of acts of gallantry and merit, which would too greatly swell the proportions of this report were they mentioned here.

My thanks are due to the officers of my staff-Major R. W. Hunter, assistant adjutant-general; Major Edwin L. Moore, inspector; Captain V. Dabney, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Oscar Hinrichs, engineer officer, who was wounded under a heavy fire-for their efficient services and the gallantry they displayed during the engagement.

Dr. R. T. Coleman, chief surgeon of the division, deserves much credit for the promptness with which the wounded were removed from the field and their wants supplied.

Sergt. Skipwith Wilmer, chief of signal corps, acted as my aide, and deserves mention for his gallantry and intelligence.

OPERATIONS ON MINE RUN SUBSEQUENT TO THE ACTION.

My division, which was posted on the left of Rodes' division and formed the extreme left of the army, having constructed strong field-works along the western bank of Mine Run, remained in line of battle for several days awaiting the expected assault of the enemy.

He opened a heavy artillery fire on our lines on November 29, about sunrise, to which Andrews' battalion gallantry replied. During this artillery, combat, which lasted but a short time, the service and the country lost a most gallant officer and valuable citizen in the death of Captain Charles I. Raine, of Andrews' battalion, who was killed by a solid shot while fearlessly and ably discharging his duty. There were a few other casualties also in this battalion.

The enemy having retreated during the night of December 1, my division was ordered across Mine Run in pursuit, but on its being ascertained that he had recrossed the river we were ordered back to

