
our works between Mountain and Walnut Runs, where we remained until ordered into our present quarters.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. JOHNSON,

Major-General.

Major G. CAMPBELL BROWN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps.

Numbers 108. Report of Brigadier General James A. Walker, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS "STONEWALL" BRIGADE,December 8, 1863.

MAJOR: In obedience to circular from division headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the "Stonewall" Brigade, on the 27th ultimo, in the affair at Payne's Farm:

On the morning of the 27th, this brigade moved from the rifle-pits near Rhodes' house, on the road leading by Bartlett's Mill to Locust Grove, following Stafford's brigade, with the ambulances of the division, Andrews' artillery, and Steuart's brigade in our rear. When about 2 miles from Bartlett's Mill, I was informed by Major Moore, division inspector, that the enemy's skirmishers were firing into General Steuart's column from the woods on our left. Halting my brigade and facing it to the front in line of battle, I ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Colston, commanding Second Virginia, to deploy his regiment in my front and advance his skirmishers through the woods, which he did, and his regiment remained in front, gallantly holding the enemy in check until the brigade advanced to its support.

I regret very much that Lieutenant-Colonel Colston lost his leg while commanding this line of skirmishers, as he is a gallant and efficient officer, and his services are very much needed with his regiment at this time.

After remaining in line of battle along the road for two hours, I received orders to advance with the rest of the division, and moved forward, with Stafford on my right and Steuart on my left. The ground in my front for about 500 yards was thickly wooded and brushy, and beyond that was a cleared farm owned by a man named Payne. The brigade advanced rapidly through the woods and encountered the enemy at the edge of the open ground, who soon gave way in confusion, and was followed by my men some distance into the open field, when, finding that they were unsupported on our left, and being exposed to a fire from the enemy on that flank posted in the woods, which extended farther on our left than in our front, they fell back to the edge of the woods, where we maintained our ground until dark, when we fell back to the road, bringing off all our wounded and a portion of our dead.

The total loss of the brigade in this action was 20 killed and 124 wounded.

About 10 o'clock that night the brigade moved off with the rest of the division unmolested by the enemy. The subsequent operations

54 R R-VOL XXIX, PT I

