
AUGUST 26-28, 1863.- Skirmishes near Sutton (26th), on Elk River (27th), and near Glenville (27th), W. Va.

Report of Captain Charles J. Harrison, Sixth West Virginia Infantry.

SUTTON,

August 28, 1863.

SIR: The party sent with message to Weston on Wednesday arrived safe back this evening. On their arrival at Bulltown they captured a lieutenant and 4 men of the rebel army, whom were sent back under guard to Weston. One of the rebels captured belongs to Shriver Greys, of Wheeling.

The captured rebels say there were 40 more of Jackson's command who had deserted, and were about 15 miles up the river from Bulltown. They also stated there was another party trying to make their escape, but they did not know where they were.

On Wednesday afternoon, the 26th, a party of my men (Companies I and G), while returning from Blacksmith Shop (4 miles below this place on Elk River), were fired on by a gang of bushwhackers. they came to camp and reported fact. I at once sent squads to engage them. They, however, returned without seeing anything more of them. Yesterday, the 27th, they again fired on party at same place. I at once took 15 mounted men and went to the mill (4 miles below), where we received a volley from 30 or 40 bushwhackers. I at once dismounted the men and gave them a bushwhack fight, and soon drove them from the mountains. I had 1 horse badly wounded. We killed 1 of them (rebel).

I sent Lieutenant Dils and 40 men to Birch River on Wednesday, and on returning to town with his men to-day (10 miles from here) were also fired upon by party in ambush, and after about twenty minutes' fighting killed 3 of them (rebels), driving them from the mountain. Lieutenant Dils lost 1 horse in the fight and captured 8 good horses, and arrived in camp safely.

Captain Simpson, of Eleventh [West Virginia], arrived with his command at about 3 o'clock this p. m. He had a fight on Cedar Creek yesterday about 15 miles from Glenville. He killed 4 of the bushwhackers and captured some 8 horses.

A prisoner brought in to-day say Captain Carron has 52 men at mouth of Laurel Creek. He left them at the mill yesterday morning. Captain John S. Spriggs has about 100 around borders of Braxton and Webster. There are also 25 of the Georgians in with the other parties, and Cunningham, the man that has been bushwhacking us, has 40 men near here.

The information was gotten out of him by one of my scouts that had rebel inform on, and was put in same room with the prisoner. The prisoner states they are gathering all these men to give us a fight, and I have no doubt but such is the case.

I send you one Hush, whom I stopped here to-day. He was on his way to Glenville. I captured a lot of rebel letters on him, which I send you. He reports Major-General Jones (as does also one of the letters) at Lewisburg with 8,000 men.

The letter also states he (Jones) was at Jackson's command, in Pocahontas County, inspecting the troops. Does this not mean a raid, and require watching?

