
I cannot speak too highly of the coolness of the officers and men, and of the steady and deliberate manner in which the men delivered their fire.

I have the honor to report the following casualties in the regiment, field, and staff: Lieutenant-Colonel Colston, wounded, since died. Killed, 6 enlisted men; wounded, 3 officers and 35 enlisted men.*

Respectfully submitted.

C. H. STEWART,

Captain, Commanding.

Captain R. J. BARTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 110. Report of Major William Terry, Fourth Virginia Infantry.

DECEMBER 4, 1863.

In reporting the operations of the Fourth Virginia Infantry in the engagement on the 27th ultimo at Locust Hill, a few lines will suffice.

The regiment, with the brigade, was moving on the road running by [Bartlett's] Mill to Locust Grove, when about 1 1/2 miles from the mill the enemy made their appearance, coming from direction of Jacobs' Ford, on the Rapidan, on the left of General Steuart's brigade, in our rear. Skirmishers from the Second Regiment were thrown out to the left, and, after the skirmishers had been engaged for some time, my regiment, in line of battle, as part of the brigade, moved against the enemy. Advancing through the woods some 250 yards, we became engaged with the enemy in and near the fields in front. The enemy were driven a short distance. This ground we held against the enemy until dark. Our advance commenced between 3 and 4 o'clock and an infantry fight, with some artillery, was kept up until dark, when the brigade was withdrawn to the road. This latter statement is made upon information, as I received a wound in the right shoulder between sundown and dark which compelled me to leave the field.

In this engagement my regiment was posted between the Fifth, on the right, and the Twenty-seventh, on the left.

My regiment in this engagement sustained considerable loss. A report of casualties has already been forwarded to brigade headquarters. Two commissioned officers (Captain J. B. Evans, Company L, and Second Lieutenant H. H. McCrady, Company D) killed, and 1 (Lieutenant A. P. Bourn, Company F) permanently disabled by amputation (since dead). Captain H. D. Wade, Company G; Lieuts. I. W. Haymaker and W. F. Wright, Company B, and Lieutenant Samuel H. Lyle, Company I, wounded. Five privates killed, and 43 non-commissioned officers and privates wounded, and 4 missing. Among the non-commissioned officers wounded is Color Sergt. J. H. Lawrence, who was severely wounded through both legs while gallantry bearing the colors of the regiment against the foe; and I desire to mention specially the conspicuous gallantry of Private A. T. Barclay, Company I, who seized the colors when Sergeant Lawrence fell and carried then through the balance of the fight.

---------------

*See statement of casualties in Second Corps, p. 837.

---------------

