
It is with deep regret that I am called on to record the death of Captain Evans, Lieutenant A. P. Bourn, and Lieutenant McCrady, veterans of many hard-fought fields, than whom there are no braver and truer men left. The loss of such men is hard to replace. I trust the survivors will emulate their truly soldierly bearing. Where duty pointed they were ever prompt to lead. Victories are dear when purchased with such sacrifices.

Among the lamented dead is Private George W. Chapin, Company I, for some time clerk at brigade headquarters. His friends may find consolation in the assurance that he fell in the fearless discharge of his whole duty.

Many of the officers and men behaved in the most satisfactory manner, and I do not desire to create any invidous distinction, or to be regarded as disparaging others, by referring specially to Junior Second Lieutenant George M. Hanson, Company A, who, though the youngest officer of the regiment in age and commission, was conspicuous for the active discharge of his duty.

It affords me pleasure to say that Adjutant Wade behaved, as usual, with coolness and courage.

Respectfully submitted.

WM. TERRY,

Major, Commanding.

Captain R. J. BARTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 111. Report of Colonel John H. S. Funk, Fifth Virginia Infantry.

JANUARY 22, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to circular, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the engagement of Payne's Farm, November 27, 1863:

On the following of the 26, I was ordered, in company with the brigade, down the Germanna Ford road, which runs through our fortifications, behind which we lay the previous night, and keeping this road for near a mile, we turned off abruptly to the right, crossing Mine Run at Bartlett's Mill. Continuing on the old Culpeper and Fredericksburg road 2 miles, we halted, hearing heavy skirmishing in front. In a few minutes, to my surprise, I heard skirmishing in our rear along the road which we had traveled. We faced about and marched back some 200 yards. Skirmishers were deployed and soon became engaged. We then fronted and moved in advance of the road some 50 places, when we received order to erect temporary fortifications.

In a few minutes an order was received from the brigade commander to prepare to move forward, it having been ascertained that there was nothing but the enemy's cavalry in our front. The regiment was immediately put in motion. A charge was commenced on the left of the brigade, which was immediately taken up by my regiment. After proceeding about 200 yards, and arriving at the edge of the field, I found that my regiment was very much scattered, owing to the denseness of the undergrowth. I halted and reformed

