
from the run about 2 miles. Firing being heard in our rear, we about-faced and marched back about a quarter of a mile and formed a line of battle parallel with the Locust Grove road and constructed temporary intrenchments of logs and rails. We remained in this position for about half an hour, when we were ordered to move forward, which we did through a dense woods.

After moving forward in line about a quarter of a mile we engaged the enemy, who were posted in the edge of the woods. Having driven them back a short distance, we held the ground until after night, when we received orders from the brigade commander to fall back to the breastworks along the road. We here stacked arms and remained for a couple of hours, when we again moved down the Locust Grove road to the stone road, again crossing Mine Run. Near the point of crossing we bivouacked for the night.

New morning we moved to the right of the road and constructed breastworks, and remained in them until the next morning, when, the enemy opening fire upon us, we were compelled to change position, and again threw up intrenchments at right angles to the ones we had left. We remained here two days, when we were ordered back to camp near Morton's Ford.

The regiment behaved with gallantry, and during the action both officers and men did their entire duty.

Below I submit a report of casualties:

Command.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.

Officer.	 ...	 1	 ...

Non-commissioned officers.	 ...	 2	 ...

Privates.	 1	 8	 2

Total.	 1	 11	 2

Respectfully submitted.

PHILIP F. FRAZER,

Major, Commanding.

Captain R. J. BARTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 113. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Abraham Spengler, Thirty-third Virginia Infantry.

JANUARY 23, 1864.

SIR: The night of November 26, 1863, was passed behind the fortifications running at right angles from the Rapidan, and about 9 a. m. of the next day the line of march was taken up on the road leading by Bartlett's Mill. We had not proceeded more than 2 miles beyond the mill when firing was heard in our front and rear, which was the first indication we had of the near proximity of the enemy. The column was halted in the road, and the momentary confusion caused by the attack upon it was soon displaced by order, quiet, and a feeling of confidence. A line of battle was promptly formed on

