
the road and skirmishers deployed and marched to the front. While lying in line of battle the men, of their own accord and without orders, busied themselves in some preparations to repel an attack. After the lapse of an hour, perhaps, the line of battle thus formed was ordered to advance, which it did, at first in quick time, and then in double-quick time, and with a shout, it appearing that the enemy with a heavy line of the enemy was met, hurled back, and pressed for some distance, with considerable loss in killed and wounded.

Our advance was checked and enthusiasm chilled by a report (coming from, it was supposed, a creditable source) that we had fired upon a part of General Steuart's command farther in the advance than ourselves, which was soon ascertained to be false, and our fire re-opened and continued till nightfall on a line of battle of the enemy running nearly perpendicular to ours. This fire, it is believed, was effective, as it was enfilading. The report incidentally mentioned of our firing upon a part of General Steuart's command, it is believed, originated in the fact that his command formed a continuation of the original line of battle, connecting with our left, and its not being closed upon our left, it was supposed to be in advance of us, which was not the case. I informed the brigadier-general commanding that my left was exposed to an enfilading fire, but he ordering me to hold my position, if possible, I protected my left as well as I could, and held the position until ordered away after night.

The casualties of this regiment were 1 killed and 6 wounded. The small number of casualties is attributable in part to the vigorous attack made and in part to the advantageous position occupied by my regiment.

The men and officers of my command generally acquitted themselves well and deserve praise.

I have thus, with such brevity as was consistent with the facts and circumstances, given you an account of the part taken by this command in the action of November 27, 1863.

I am, very respectfully,

A. SPENGLER,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Thirty-third Regiment Va. Infantry.

Captain R. J. BARTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 114. Report of Colonel William A. Witcher, Twenty-first Virginia Infantry, commanding Jones' brigade.
HEADQUARTERS J. M. JONES' BRIGADE,December 7, 1863.

MAJOR: In obedience to orders of 4th instant, I submit the following report of Jones' brigade in the action of the 27th ultimo:

At sunrise the brigade moved from its fortifications near Morton's Ford in the direction of Locust Grove. When a short distance beyond Bartlett's Mill, the Twenty-fifth Virginia Regiment was deployed as skirmishers to cover the front and left flank of the column. The skirmishers soon encountered a few of the enemy's vedettes and

