
drove them away. About 1 mile from Bartlett's mill firing was heard to the rear and the column was halted, about-faced, and moved a short distance down the road. The brigade was then (about 3 p. m.) fronted and ordered to advance in battle order. This brigade learned from Brigadier General J. M. Jones, to close and dress to the left. Heavy firing soon commenced on the left of the division, and as the other brigades moved obliquely to the left, it became necessary for our brigade to wheel rapidly in the same direction. Under the difficulties of so long and rapid a wheel, the troops kept in rank remarkably well.

About the time the wheel was completed, and we had formed upon the line of the division, General Jones, while gallantry exposing himself, was struck down by a shot in the head, and the command thereby devolved upon me as senior colonel.

I immediately urged the line forward, but discovering that the brigade was in advance of the troops on our left, I ordered it back to the line of the division, which was along a fence on a ridge some 200 yards from the enemy. Here we continued the fight until dark, when I was informed that the division was moving by the left flank to the former position on the road, which movement I ordered the brigade to follow.

In the course of the action, the command captured 7 prisoners and 2 horses and equipments. Our loss, as will be seen by accompanying reports, was 11 killed, 68 wounded, and 15 missing.

With the exception of some little skulking on the part of individuals, officers and men behaved with the greatest gallantry.

In conclusion, I must express my thanks to Captain Early for efficient aid after I assumed command, other officers of staff being on duty which removed them from my immediate presence.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. WITCHER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major R. W. HUNTER,

Asst. Adjt. General.

Numbers 115. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William P. Moseley, Twenty-first Virginia Infantry.

DECEMBER 4, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to state that the Twenty-first Regiment Virginia Infantry, under the command of Major Kelly, left its camp near Morton's Ford on the evening of November 26, and occupied the breastworks near its camp that night.

The next morning, Friday, the 27th, Colonel William A. Witcher resumed command, and the regiment was moved in the direction of Chancellorsville. Soon after it had passed Willis' Ford firing was head in front, and, in the course of half an hour, in rear, when the regiment was halted and moved upon the enemy in rear by changing direction to the left. We engaged the enemy from 3 p. m. until sunset.

