
commenced on the left of the division, this brigade being on the extreme right, the night of the regiment resting on the left of the Twenty-first Regiment and its left on the right of the Forty-fourth Regiment.

Between 3 and 4 p. m. the brigadier commanding ordered the brigade forward. We moved forward, inclining to the left, through the woods and field for about one-half mile; halted, then moved by the left flank a short distance, then by the right flank till arriving at the second field, when we made a complete wheel to the left and moved through this field to the crest of a hill near a tannery, on a line occupied by the First, Third, and Fourth Brigades, we being on their right. As soon as we arrived at this line, we engaged the enemy in our immediate front some 200 yards in the edge of the woods. After firing some time, I received an order from Captain Moore, assistant adjutant-general, and from General Stafford about the same time, to forward. I gave the command to my regiment, which promptly obeyed, and moved about 50 yards to the front. Finding that my regiment was the only one that moved, and being under a galling fire and entirely exposed (men falling thick and fast), I ordered them to retire to the fence on the line from which they had advanced. They did so in perfect order and opened again on the enemy. In a short time darkness put a stop to the contest, and we were moved by the left flank to the road occupied by us previous to the engagement.

I am happy to say that the conduct of both officers and men met with my approbation and entire satisfaction. I cannot speak too highly of their gallantry and coolness on that occasion.

I deeply lament, however, the death of Lieutenant Dillon and the brave men that fell with him.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. WITHERS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain SAMUEL J. C. MOORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 118. Report of Colonel Norvell Cobb, Forty-fourth Virginia Infantry.

DECEMBER 5, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the battle of November 27:

My position was on the extreme left of the brigade, and, prior to its forward movement in line of battle, three of my largest companies were deployed as skirmishers to the front, in command of Major Anderson. That left six small companies in position on the left flank of the brigade. As our line of battle advanced, the skirmishers moved gradually by their right flank, and the tendency of the brigade corresponded with the direction of that line until the position we desired to occupy on the field of battle was ascertained. it was then ordered to change direction to the left, which threw the line of skirmishers (after gaining our position on the battle-field) on the right flank of the brigade, where they remained until the termination of the battle.

