
Major Anderson, who was in command, reported with several prisoners, and among them was a field officer with his horse and equipments.

The brigade coming up by a change of direction to the left, caused my regiment to approach the main line of battle a little in advance of the others. At that moment General Jones, seeing, I presume, some derangement in the ranks of the Louisiana Brigade, ordered me to move by the left flank a little, so as to form in rear and in support of that brigade. This was promptly obeyed, and the timely support caused them to return to their position, and in connection with this regiment a most terrible fire was opened upon the enemy, which continued until the enemy had moved so far to their left as to render ineffectual our fire, in consequence of an intervening hill and the approach of night.

The officers and men all acted well.

Lieutenant-Colonel Buckner was with me in command.

A list of casualties is herewith inclosed.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

N. COBB,

Colonel of Regiment.

Captain SAMUEL J. C. MOORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, J. M. Jones' Brigade.

[Inclosure.]

List of Casualties in the Forty-fourth Virginia Regiment.

Command.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.

Company B: Officer.	 ...	 1	 ...

Company D: Private.	 ...	 ...	 1

Company F: Privates.	 ...	 2	 ...

Company G: Private.	 ...	 1	 ...

Company H: Private.	 ...	 1	 ...

Company I:

Non-commissioned officer.	 ...	 1	 ...

Privates.	 1	 2	 ...

Company K:

Non-commissioned officer.	 ...	 ...	 1

Privates.	 ...	 4	 ...

Total.	 1	 12	 2

Numbers 119. Report of Colonel Robert H. Dungan, Forty-eighth Virginia Infantry.

DECEMBER 4, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In the engagement of General Johnson's division with the enemy near Bartlett's Mill, on the 27th ultimo, I have to report that the Forty-eighth Regiment occupied that portion of the line of our (Jones') brigade between the right of the Fiftieth and left of the Twenty-fifth Virginia Regiments, and, except the Twenty-fifth Regiment, was on the extreme right flank of the division. In this position every man stood to his post and every officer discharged his duty.

Casualties: James H. Wise, Company B, killed on the field; Captain

