
John M. Preston, Company B, wounded in thigh, severely; Private William Wolf, Company D, wounded in thigh, slightly.

A detachment of 84 men, 6 non-commissioned officers, and 2 commissioned officers from this regiment, which had been on picket under the command of Captain McConnell, Company E, was in this engagement. A report of its conduct is inclosed.

Very respectfully submitted.

R. H. DUNGAN,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain SAMUEL J. C. MOORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jones' Brigade.

Numbers 120. Report of Captain W. L. McConnell, Forty-eighth Virginia Infantry.

CAMP NEAR MORTON'S FORD,

December 5, 1863.

CAPTAIN: The detachment of 84 men, 6 non-commissioned officers, and 2 commissioned officers, of the Forty-eighth Virginia Regiment, under my command on picket, was drawn in about 9 o'clock on the morning of the 27th ultimo.

About 10.30 a. m. the detachment joined the rear of General Johnson's division near Bartlett's Mill, when it was fired upon by the enemy. Under the direction of Colonel Williams, Thirty-seventh Virginia Regiment, the detachment formed line on his left and went into the engagement.

All the officers and men behaved with becoming gallantry except Corpl. H. T. Dale, Company D, and Privates H. M. Floyd, Company B; Martin Smith, Company F; William H. Kegley, Nathan Guess, and Samuel Moore, Company I. These men abandoned their comrades in arms early in the action and did not rejoin the command till after the engagement.

Casualties: Killed, none; wounded, none; missing, Sergt. Thomas Tumlinson, company A; George H. Maiden, Company B; D. W. Martin, Company C, and John M. Minick, Company F.

Respectfully,

W. L. McCONNELL,

Captain Company E, Forty-eighth Virginia Infantry.

Captain SAMUEL J. C. MOORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 121. Report of Colonel Alexander S. Vandeventer, Fiftieth Virginia Infantry.

DECEMBER 4, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the late battle at Bartlett's Mill, November 27:

After marching from the fortifications on the Rapidan a distance of 4 miles, the regiment was formed in order of battle on the road,

