
be attributed, in the first place, to the fact that my long and attenuated line was so outnumbered immediately opposite and outflanked on the left, and, in the second place, to the impossibility of obtaining more ammunition when almost every round had been fired.

Both officers and men behaved with that gallantry and steady conduct which they have exhibited so often before in the service of the cause for which we are contending. Great credit is due to the several regimental commanders for the judgment and determination with which they handled their commands in their somewhat isolated situations, the nature of the country and the line of battle rendering communication and support unusually difficult.

In the death of Lieutenant-Colonel Walton, commanding the Twenty-third Virginia, the service lost a most accomplished officer and chivalrous gentlemen. He had been previously wounded, but refused to leave the field.

Captain S. C. Williams, Twenty-third Virginia; Lieutenant C. F. Thomas, Thirty-seventh Virginia, and Second Lieutenant James P. Oates, Third North Carolina, were also killed in the conspicuous discharge of their duty.

Lieutenant-Colonel Parsley, Major Ennett, and Acting Adjutant Mallett, Third North Carolina; Captain S. A. Sellers and Second Lieutenant William K. Jennings, Company I, Tenth Virginia, and Asst. Surg. M. M. Butler, Thirty-seventh Virginia, are mentioned by their regimental commanders as deserving special praise.

I cannot close this report without acknowledging the valuable assistance rendered me by the officers of my staff, First Lieutenant McHenry Howard, acting assistant adjutant-general, and First Lieutenant Joseph L. White, acting inspector-general and aide-de-camp, their gallantry being only equaled by their promptness and efficiency.

My casualties were: Killed, 4 officers and 22 enlisted men; wounded, 9 officers and 176 enlisted men; missing, 22 enlisted men; aggregate, 233.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. STEUART,

Brigadier-General.

Major R. W. HUNTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Johnson's Division.

Numbers 123. Report of Captain Louis C. Latham, First North Carolina Infantry.

DECEMBER 8, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to herewith forward to you my official report of the loss sustained by the First North Carolina Troops in the engagement of the 27th ultimo, near Bartlett's Mill.

After leaving the intrenchments occupied by the brigade on Thursday night, the regiment crossed at the mill and halted on the opposite bank to rest. From here the line of march was taken up and continued for about 2 miles, keeping the main road running east to

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 837.

---------------

