
aid the Thirty-seventh Virginia. I changed my front so as to meet the flanking party, but being largely outnumbered, retired to the field beyond the road, where a temporary work had been thrown up of rails and such material as could be hastily gotten together. Here I met the brigade commander, and being soon joined by the Thirty-seventh Virginia, was ordered to remain in that position, with sharpshooters thrown well forward. I remained here until an order was received to form in line with the rest of the brigade on the road. This being done, rested for four or five hours, when we moved on beyond Mine Run, and bivouacked for the night.

The officers and men behaved with their usual coolness and courage, and where all acted well no distinction can be made.

The accompanying list* of casualties will show with what determination the men entered the contest.

I cannot speak in too high terms of my lieutenant-colonel (Parsley) and Major Ennett for their coolness and precision in discharge of their respective duties; and my thanks are due First Lieutenant Mallett, acting adjutant, who had his horse killed under him while conveying my orders, for the faithful performance of his duties.

Respectfully submitted.

S. D. THRUSTON,

Colonel Third North Carolina Infantry.

Lieutenant McHENRY HOWARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Steuart's Brigade.

Numbers 125. Report of Colonel E. T. H. Warren, Tenth Virginia Infantry.

DECEMBER 5, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In accordance with instructions from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the action of November 27:

On the morning of the 27th, the brigade (Tenth Virginia in front) moved out on the Bartlett's Mill road and marched in the direction of Locust Grove. When we had proceeded about a mile beyond the mill the ambulance train, which was moving in front of my regiment, was fired into by the enemy's skirmishers. Under orders from General Steuart, I deployed fire companies and moved them forward so as to cover the train and the remainder of the regiment, encountering, a short distance from the road, a strong line of infantry skirmishers, when a sharp fire ensued. The road being cleared of the train, the remainder of my regiment formed the right of the line formed by the brigade, my right resting on the road. Afterward my left was thrown forward, and from this position I was ordered to advance directly to the front and close up to the left of the "Stonewall" Brigade. In my effort to do so, I was compelled to oblique to the right, and continued to do so until I reached the cabin in the hollow and near the corner of a field, where I found the enemy in force directly in my front, and also found that if I moved any farther to the right, I would become separated from the regiments on my left. I therefore advanced directly to the front, driving the enemy beyond

---------------

*Not found. See revised statement, p. 837.

---------------

