
the crest of the hill in the woods. This left an open space of about 150 yards between my right and the left of the "Stonewall" Brigade, which was covered by deploying my two right companies.

My regiment being thus diminished, as well as by previous details for skirmishers (who, owing to the nature of the ground, and brush, I was unable to rally in time to aid me materially in the advance), I was unable to push my advantage farther. In fact, I did not have men enough to form a self-sustaining line, and my ability to hold my position depended upon the support I received both on my right and left, while the thick undergrowth and the gathering twilight prevented me from knowing to what extent I was supported. In this situation I was informed by Captain Yancey, of my regiment, that I was some distance in advance of the left of the "Stonewall" Brigade. I immediately sent an officer to General Walker to inform him of my situation, and of my purpose to hold it and request assistance, but before I could hear from him the line on my left began to retire, when I ordered my line back and returned slowly to be cabin. The enemy did not pursue.

Soon after I took up that line I received a message from General Walker that I must hold on, and he would support me. I immediately advanced my line without difficulty and held the position as long as it was advisable or necessary, and again fell back to the cabin, the enemy not pursuing. It was now dark, and I was out of ammunition. Shortly after dark I was relieved by a portion of Doles' brigade, and having received orders I returned to the road.

I inclose a list* of casualties.

During the entire action, Captain Samuel A. Sellers, of Company I, and Second Lieutenant W. K. Jennings, of same company, exhibited the most reckless courage, for which I think they deserve special notice.

I am, lieutenant, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. T. H. WARREN,

Colonel Tenth Virginia Regiment.

Lieutenant McHENRY HOWARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Steuart's Brigade.

Numbers 126. Report of Major John P. Fitzgerald, Twenty-third Virginia Infantry.

DECEMBER 5, 1863.

I respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the engagement near Bartlett's Mill, November 27:

The regiment, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel S. T. Walton, left the breastworks with the brigade on the morning of the 27th and marched immediately in the rear of the Tenth Virginia Regiment, crossing Mine Run at Bartlett's Mill, the brigade at this point being placed in rear of the artillery as a guard. While marching by the right flank, about a mile beyond the mill, the column was fired upon by skirmishers of the enemy from the woods on the left of the road. The column was immediately halted and Company C, commanded by First Lieutenant R. A. Gates, and Company H, commanded by Captain E. E. De Priest, were thrown out as skirmishers and engaged those of the enemy. The regiment was formed in line of battle along the

---------------

*Not found. See revised statement, p. 837.

---------------

