
edge of the road and perpendicular to the road. At this point a breastwork of rails was constructed. The regiment was ordered to move from this position, and, wheeling to the right, formed in line of battle in rear of and parallel to the road. At this point Company B, commanded by Captain C. C. Scott, was ordered forward as skirmishers, it having been reported that no skirmishers were in our front.

A general advance being ordered, we moved forward and engaged the enemy, driving him from the woods to the north across an open field some 200 yards beyond, and charging across this field, which was some 150 yards wide, drive him from the edge of the woods on the north side of the field and continued the pursuit far into the body of the woods. Perceiving that the left of the brigade had given back, we fell back to the edge, and taking shelter behind a fence on the north side of the open field, held the enemy in check for nearly an hour, but were forced again to fall back, the regiment on our left having first given way.

It was while posted behind this fence that Lieutenant S. T. Walton was killed by a ball passing through his head. I immediately took command of the regiment, and after retiring across the open field rallied it behind the bence along its southern border and continued to fire upon the enemy, separated from us only by the open field, until night set in, and two regiments of Doles' brigade, of Rodes' division, came to our support. My ammunition being exhausted, I collected the men, who had been somewhat scattered by falling back, and rejoined the brigade, then being formed in the road along which we had been marching when attacked in the morning, leaving those regiments of Doles' brigade to hold to position from which i retired.

I herewith forward a list* of killed, wounded, and missing.

Respectfully,

J. P. FITZGERALD,

Major, Commanding Twenty-third Virginia Regiment.

Lieutenant McHENRY HOWARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 127. Report of Colonel T. V. Williams, Thirty-seventh Virginia Infantry.

DECEMBER 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report as the part taken by my regiment in the action of 27th instant [ultimo?], near Bartlett's Mill:

As my regiment was the rear of division, I received orders from Brigadier-General Steuart to detail a company for rear guard; also to throw out a few vedettes about 100 yards in rear of this company. This disposition being made, I moved some distance in rear of the main column. After moving perhaps 1 1/2 miles, my left flank was fired into by the enemy's skirmishers. I immediately halted and loaded, at the same time throwing skirmishers to my left, in order to protect that flank. About the time this was completed the column

---------------

*Not found. See revised statement, p. 837.

---------------

