
moved off. I followed, directing the skirmishers to move by the right flank, so as to cover my left, but soon the column halted, and I noticed the enemy crossing the road about 400 yards in rear of my regiment. I then changed front to the rear of my first company, making my line perpendicular to the road, my right resting near the left of the regiment previously on my right. I made this disposition of my regiment, in the first place, from being fired into from my left flank; secondly, to resist more successfully an attack on the rear of the column.

After considerable maneuvering, I received orders to advance and attack the enemy in my front. I complied with the order as promptly as possible, and found the first line of the enemy in the road. This I charged and drove back, taking a few prisoners, and after driving it some distance to a cleared field, I received information from Major Coffman, who was commanding a small detachment on my left, that the enemy, a brigade strong, was turning my left flank. I at once ordered him to change the direction of his line perpendicular to the direction in which he was then moving, at the same time changing my line to correspond with his; but finding that the enemy had gotten so far in my rear as to still flank me, I had the whole line, including Major Coffman's detachment, deployed as skirmishers, so as to cover the enemy's front.

My object in making this disposition was to induce the belief on part of the enemy that I was supported by the line of battle. in this I think I succeeded, inasmuch as I succeeded in driving the party flanking me beyond the road and maintaining that position until a body of the enemy, passing around my right flank, or over the ground occupied by the regiment on my right, succeeded in gaining my rear. Finding it impossible, thus situated, to procure assistance from the brigade, and also finding myself surrounded, I at once took steps to extricate myself from this difficulty. I only succeeded in effecting my escape by the determined valor of my command, with a loss of perhaps 8 or 10 men.

I am happy to state that both officers and men conducted themselves with the most deliberate gallantry.

My loss was 3 killed, 13 wounded, 4 missing. I attribute my small loss to the manner of fighting as skirmishers.

My special thanks are tendered to M. M. Butler, my assistant surgeon, who for the time forgot his position and most gallantry aided me in managing my long line.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. V. WILLIAMS,

Colonel Thirty-seventh Virginia Regiment.

Lieutenant McHENRY HOWARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 128. Report of Brigadier General Leroy A. Stafford, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS STAFFORD'S BRIGADE,December 5, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor herewith to submit an official report of the engagement of the 27th ultimo, so far as participated in by this

