
brigade, with the movements immediately preceding and following the action.

In obedience to orders from division headquarters, the brigade which I have the honor to command moved from its camp on Mountain Run at early dawn on Thursday, November 26, in the direction of Zoar Church, for the purpose of checking any force of the enemy which might make a demonstration in that direction. Immediately upon our arrival at the church, strong pickets were posted on the roads leading to Locust Grove and Verdierville and a strict watch kept for any movements of the enemy. Communication was soon after established with Brigadier-General Gordon, who had moved with his brigade to the point at which the road from Zoar Church to Verdierville intersects the old turnpike from Orange Court-House to Fredericksburg, and measures for mutual defense were concerted. No advance of the enemy in the direction of the church was observed on that day.

Early on the following morning, 27th, the brigade, in obedience to orders, rejoined the division and took its position in line of battle in the breastworks near Mountain Run, having been relieved at Zoar Church by Daniel's brigade, of Rodes' division.

At about 11 a. m. on the 27th ultimo, the line of march was taken up with the remainder of the division on the road leading to Germanna Ford. About 2 p. m. several volleys of musketry were heard at a short distance in the rear. The brigade was ordered to face about and the road retraced as far as Payne's Farm, where line of battle was formed, skirmishers thrown out immediately, and temporary breastworks constructed in front of the position and along the Germanna Ford road.

About 4 p. m. a general advance was ordered, and this brigade moved forward, supported on the right by Jones' and on the left by the "Stonewall" Brigade. An advance of some quarter of a mile freed us from the woods with which our front had been covered. The enemy's skirmishers were immediately driven in, and his forces found posted in rear of a ridge upon which rested the left flank of this brigade. Our front was changed at once, and the line advanced with a cheer to the support of the "Stonewall" Brigade, which was already engaging the enemy. The action soon became furious. An effort was made to charge the enemy from his position, where he maintained a galling fire of musketry; but as the brigade of Brigadier-General Jones had not yet reached its position on our right, we found it impossible to advance beyond the crest of the ridge upon which our line was formed. Soon after, the brigade of Brigadier-General Jones reached the scene of action and took position on our right.

Again we endeavored, under a murderous fire, to charge the enemy from their temporary works; but as no concert of action was manifested by the remainder of the line, the attempt was futile, resulting only in the loss of several gallant soldiers. finding that no farther general advance was anticipated, and orders having been received to hold my present position, the brigade was ordered to lie down beneath the crest of the ridge and cease firing, ammunition was running low, and an advance of the enemy feared. No advance, however, took place, and night put an end to the conflict.

Soon after dark information was given me that the "Stonewall" Brigade, on our left, had been ordered to withdraw from the field and resume its position in the breastworks on the road leading to Ger-

