
manna Ford. My left being thus entirely unsupported and exposed to a flank movement of the enemy, I at once gave orders to retire to the breastworks in front of our original position on the same road. The necessity of this movement was much regretted, as it compelled us to leave many of our dead and several wounded on the field of battle. An effort was made to bring off the wounded during the night, but the skirmishers of the enemy having advanced and occupied that portion of the field which we had abandoned, it was found impossible to do so.

About midnight orders were received to move off from our position, and, together with the rest of the division, we crossed Mine Run, escaping on the north side. The next morning we were ordered to our old position at Zoar Church, in the vicinity of which we remained until the retreat of the enemy, on the 2nd instant.

Our total loss in the engagement of the 27th ultimo was 24 killed and 87 wounded. A tabular list* of the casualties is inclosed.

The conduct of both officers and men in the action was excellent.

I regret to say that Captain D. T. Merrick, of the staff, was seriously wounded in the head while gallantry cheering on the line to the charge. In have also to regret the loss of many other officers killed and wounded. The proportion of killed and mortally wounded is unusually large, owing to the exposed situation of our line upon the crest of the hill.

Very respectfully,

L. A. STAFFORD,

Brigadier-General.

Major R. W. HUNTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 129. Report of Captain E. D. Willett, First Louisiana Infantry.

JANUARY 30, 1864.

In accordance with General Orders, Numbers 76, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, I submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the battle of Payne's Farm, November 27, 1863:

We left camp on the morning of the 27th, and while on the march toward Germanna Ford, about 3 p. m. of the same evening, the enemy fired into the rear of the column. The brigade immediately formed on the left of the road and perpendicular with it, the First Louisiana Regiment occupying the extreme left of the brigade. Heavy firing having commenced by the rear brigade (Steuart's), we were ordered for action.

About an hour after the attack was commenced on our rear, we were ordered to advance simultaneously with the balance of the division. After advancing some 300 or 400 yards we came to an open field near Payne's house, when, finding the enemy were not in our immediate front, but firing on our left flank, which necessitated a change of front, after which we became engaged. We were then ordered to charge, but were retarded by two rail fences, which took some time for the men to remove, under a heavy fire from the enemy,

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 837.

---------------

