
who were in line behind a rail breastwork about 350 yards in our front. Our men advanced to within about 200 yards of the enemy, when the general commanding, finding the brigade on our right (Jones') had not come up, as they had such a detour to make, caused us to make a retrograde movement back to the line of fences, when we were joined by Jones' brigade. We then held our position until after night. When darkness hid our movements, we were ordered to fall back to our original position on the road. After removing our wounded we marched to the west side of Mine Run, where we threw up breastworks.

We entered the fight at Payne's Farm with 100 enlisted men and 12 officers.

List of casualties as follows: 1 officer and 7 men killed, and 2 officers and 18 men wounded.

E. D. WILLETT,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain H. E. HENDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 130. Report of Captain M. C. Redwine, Second Louisiana Infantry.

JANUARY 30, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I respectfully submit the following report of the operations of this regiment during the battle of Payne's Farm on November 27, in compliance with your circular of yesterday:

This regiment at the time of the fight was on the extreme right of the brigade, which was formed in line of battle as soon as we were apprised of the presence of the enemy. We remained in line on the road for an hour or more, when we were ordered forward. We started in quick time through a skirt of woods whose density forbade the maintenance of that good order so necessary upon such occasions, but the advance was continued in this way for about three-quarters of a mile, when on mounting a hill we suddenly received a volley from the enemy's sharpshooters, who were posted behind a fence on an eminence in a field immediately in our front. This circumstance caused some confusion, and a report came down the lines that a halt had been ordered.

We here endeavored to reform, but the fallen timber and the thickness of the undergrowth precluded all possibility of rectifying our alignment. In a few moments we were again ordered forward, and on reaching the foot of the hill we encountered a heavy fencing that inclosed the field in which the enemy were posted. Here confusion again ensued, which caused a brief delay, but we were soon in the open field and began the ascent, at a double-quick, of the hill upon which was posted the enemy's sharpshooters, who kept up an incessant fire during the time. Ere we reached the crest of the hill we found it necessary to change forward on the left, which was done in as good order as the circumstances would permit, returning the enemy's fire as we reformed. This position we held until the close of the engagement, at dark, when we were ordered back to our original position on the road, from whence that night we accompanied the brigade to Zoar Church.

