
Our casualties in this affair were 4 killed and 19 badly wounded.

Among the former was Lieuts. J. L. Cotton and F. C. McRae.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

M. C. REDWINE,

Captain, Commanding Second Louisiana.

Captain H. E. HENDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 131. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Henry D. Monier, Tenth Louisiana Infantry.

JANUARY 31, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with orders from brigade headquarters, I beg leave to submit the following report of the operations of the Tenth Louisiana Regiment in the battle near Payne's Farm:

On November 27, 1863, while a portion of our troops was on its way to Germanna Ford, the firing of musketry was heard in the rear of our column. I received orders to form my command in line of battle parallel with the road, and to erect breastworks, or some kind of protection for my troops in case of an attack.

At 5 o'clock in the evening, orders to move forward were received. I advanced my regiment as far as the lane, leading to Payne's Farm; here I was ordered to charge. I executed the command, but want of support compelled me to fall back. Three times I attempted to charge, but without success. I finally received orders to defend the position my command held without any further attempt to dislodge the enemy. This position I held until darkness came and put an end to the conflict, when we were withdrawn from the battle-field and went to Zoar Church.

In justice to my regiment, I will say that both officers and soldiers behaved with gallantry. It is useless to describe the conduct of every one. I will only state that Color-Bearer J. Boykin, of Company E. was conspicuous for his coolness and bravery, bearing his colors within 40 or 50 yards of the enemy's line.

The loss of the Tenth Louisiana Regiment in the engagement is: Killed, 6; wounded, 20.*

The ambulance corps of the regiment deserve much credit for their exertions in bringing out our wounded from the field.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HY. D. MONIER,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Tenth Louisiana Infantry.

Captain H. E. HENDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Stafford's Brigade.

Numbers 132. Report of Captain J. W. T. Leech, Fourteenth Louisiana Infantry.

JANUARY 29, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to make the following report of the part borne by

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 837.

---------------

