
the regiment in the engagement of Payne's Farm, November 27, 1863:

This regiment (at that time commanded by Lieutenant Colonel D. Zable) left our line of breastworks south of Bartlett's mill with the balance of the brigade about 9 a. m., marching on the road leading to Germanna Ford. At the time we crossed the run at Bartlett's Mill firing was heard in the direction of Germanna Ford, and about an hour later firing was heard in our rear. We were halted immediately and ordered to throw up breastworks of logs, rails, and whatever was most convenient. Skirmishers were thrown out, and an attack from the enemy awaited.

The enemy not seeming disposed to advance, about 3 o'clock our skirmishers were ordered forward, driving in those of the enemy. We followed pretty close in the rear of our skirmishers, advancing through a dense forest about one-fourth of a mile in depth. After getting through this forest we came to an open, undulating field. It was then discovered that the enemy were in position on our left flank, a moderate sized hill intervening. We were then marched by the left-oblique, formed a line of battle, and were ordered forward.

We advanced as far as the brow of the hill, where we were momentarily halted to tear down two fences that ran on either side of a lane. These rails offered a shelter to the men which they were not slow to take advantage of. We were again ordered forward, and advanced in good order some 25 or 30 paces beyond the crest of the hill, but not being properly supported, were forced to fall back to the rail breastworks, where we remained during dark. We then marched by the left flank to the Germanna road; thence across Mine Run, where we encamped for the night.

The casualties in the regiment were 6 killed, 20 wounded, and 2 missing.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. T. LEECH,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain H. E. HENDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 133. Report of Captain J. F. Witherup, Fifteenth Louisiana Infantry.

JANUARY 28, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with orders from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this regiment in the engagement of Payne's Farm, November 27, 1863:

On the afternoon of November 27, the regiment (at that time under the command of Colonel Edmund Pendleton) marched with the rest of the brigade down the road leading from the breastworks, and near which the fight occurred. At the time Steuart's brigade was fired into in our rear, we formed line on the road, facing a thick woods, the regiment occupying the right center of the brigade, the Second Louisiana being upon our right and the Tenth Louisiana on our left. After building breastworks of rails on the line of the

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 837.

---------------

