
road, the brigade being ordered forward, we advanced over these rude works in line through the woods, and then across an open, undulating field to the brow of a hill, within about 150 yards of the enemy. At this point, being exposed to a very heavy fire, and it having been discovered that the rest of the brigade had halted in line at a fence some yards in our rear, it was deemed advisable to retire to this more protected position and form with the other regiments. This movement was executed in good order. In this position at the fence we remained until dark put an end to the conflict, when we were withdrawn, with the other regiments, moving by the left flank of the brigade to the woods.

Our loss in the engagement was none killed and 2 officers and 15 men wounded.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. WITHERUP,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain H. E. HENDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Stafford's Brigade.

Numbers 134. Report of Major General Robert E. Rodes, C. S. Army, commanding division.
HEADQUARTERS RODES' DIVISION,February 25, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor herewith to submit my report of the operations of my division during that advance of the enemy which ended at Mine Run.

About 12 o'clock on the night of November 26, by order of Major-General Early, then acting as corps commander, my division moved from Morton's Ford to the ridge between Mine Run and Walnut Branch, occupying a line extending from the last-named stream to Zoar Church.

This line was being fortified roughly, when, about 8.30 a. m., I received from the corps commander in person an order to move by the country road to the Locust Grove and Raccoon Ford road, by which Johnson's division was moving, and thence, preceding Johnson, to move to Locust Grove, where the whole corps (Early's division moving by the old turnpike about a mile to the right of my line of march) was to concentrate and await further orders.

Upon reaching the Locust Grove road (and before this, in fact), I heard slight musketry fire on the old turnpike in front of Early's division. Two efforts to communicate with Johnson's division failed by reason of the enemy's cavalry holding the road between us; but as it was reported to be cavalry and in small force, I moved on to Locust Grove, hoping to get in rear of the cavalry (as it was supposed to be) then skirmishing with Early's division. Arriving in sight of the grove, I discovered the enemy's infantry had occupied the ground before me in heavy force and had a good position. It was clear that the position could only be carried by an assault with my whole force. The division was therefore deployed - Daniel's brigade first of all to resist a demonstration made by the enemy as soon as

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 837.

---------------

