
he discovered us, under cover of the woods about three-quarters of a mile from the grove, and in such manner as to connect with Early's division - Daniel in the center covering the road, Battle's brigade (O'Neal commanding) on his right, Ramseur on the extreme right, and Johnston on the left of Daniel. Johnston had orders to watch a road which led to my left and rear from Germanna Bridge. Doles, who had been left at Morton's Ford to await the arrival of the cavalry, and who had moved with great alacrity when so relieved, having rejoined the division, was held in reserve.

Finding from General Hays, commanding Early's division, who communicated with me through Major Daniel, adjutant-general, that the enemy in force was strongly posted in his front and outflanked him, I advised him that under the circumstances, as the corps commander, who was detained at headquarters, had not arrived, and communication had not yet been opened with Johnson's division, that I would connect my line with his and remain in position until Johnson's division arrived and until I had examined the ground more closely.

The enemy had in the meantime fired on Early's division with artillery, and had attacked Daniel's skirmishers with vigor - an attack which was handsomely sustained by the latter. Before completing my examination, which resulted in the discovery that I could use no artillery to advantage, except from one point, and from that only in the event of the enemy's attacking Early's division, General Johnson was announced, and immediately thereafter the corps commander. A complete examination of the ground developed the fact that an assault upon the enemy's position would be attended with heavy loss, and must be made in force if at all.

My division remained in position the remainder of the day. Carter's battalion of artillery, which had followed closely the movements could be better watched, and to be rid of the annoyance given us by his sharpshooters, my skirmishers were advanced several hundred yards, driving in the enemy's with ease. This advanced position, with some alternations of success in the center, was held until we abandoned the position.

During the day the enemy fired a few shells at my troops, but without damage. The casualties during the day amounted to about 15 or 20 killed and wounded.

Before General Johnson's division had joined mine, he discovered the enemy in his rear and engaged him. Late in the afternoon, under orders, I sent General Doles' brigade, which had been placed so as to cover, as far as possible, the interval between Johnson's division and mine, to general Johnson's assistance, and later still - the enemy being reported by Brigadier-General Johnston, of my division, to be deploying in his front the right to the left of the division to confront this movement. This disposition was maintained until after midnight, when, according to orders, General Johnson's division having retired beyond Mine Run, I moved, commencing with the left brigade, around the enemy's position to the rear of Early's division, and thence by the old turnpike across Mine Run.

After a few hours' rest on the morning of the 28th, the division

