
was placed in line of battle on the left (north side) of the old turnpike, occupying a commanding ridge which overlooked immediately the valley of Mine Run. The right rested on the old turnpike and the left touching the county road by which I had advanced the day before from Zoar Church, and at the same time touching Johnson's division, Doles' brigade being held in reserve. The whole position was so much exposed to the enemy's artillery that the troops were ordered to intrench. This they did with great energy and success, though the enemy was in sight on the opposite side of the run before a shovelful of earth was thrown. The intrenchments by the morning of the 29th were generally artillery proof, and on that day they were repeatedly tested by the enemy's artillery. Carter's artillery and other batteries were placed on my front, and when permitted to fire did good work.

During November 29, 30, and December 1, the division occupied substantially the same position as on the 28th, disturbed occasionally by the enemy's artillery from his commanding position across the run. Daniel's brigade, in consequence of a general change of line on my right, was thrown back, turning on its left, on the night of the 28th, and notwithstanding his men were very much fatigued, they had be the morning of the 29th erected substantial breastworks.

During the 28th and 29th, the opposing skirmishers kept up a pretty brisk fire, resulting in a few casualties, principally in Daniel's brigade.

Early on the morning of December 2, according to orders, my division was extended in open order to the right, Doles' brigade being placed in line at same time, and the whole division executing a flank movement to the extent of placing my left where my center had been therefore. the line of skirmishers executed a corresponding movement. This movement, by distracting the attention of the troops and officers on outpost from the enemy, prevented the discovery until after daybreak, and after the execution of the flank movement of the enemy's retreat, which took place at the very time we were moving. My division was,under orders, concentrated and moved in pursuit of him at once, but discovered no organized force on this side the Rapidan, except a small detachment of infantry, 137 men of which were captured by 19 of General Doles' sharpshooters after very slight resistance.

General Doles mentions appropriately the gallant conduct of his men in this affair, and especially that of Private Charles Grace, who had charge of them.

Brigadier-General Johnston speaks highly of the conduct of Captain Benjamin Robertson in the advance of the skirmishers before mentioned at Locust Grove.

I beg to call attention to these gentlemen and to Lieutenant Stitt, of General Daniel's staff, whom General Daniel especially mentions for gallantry. I also desire to bear testimony to Lieutenant Stitt's gallantry.

In the pursuit the division captured about 260 prisoners, including the detachment above referred to, 300 muskets, and over 200 sets accouterments.

During the whole affair the officers and men of my command acted admirably, and were in most excellent spirits.

The total loss of the division during the five days' operations was 45, of whom 8 were killed, 25 wounded, and 12 missing.

