
The reports of brigade, and of such regimental commanders as have made them, are herewith submitted, and attention is respectfully called to them.

I am, colonel, truly and respectfully, yours,

R. E. RODES,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel A. S. PENDLETON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Corps, Army of Norther Va.

Numbers 135. Report of Brigadier General Junius Daniel, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS DANIEL'S BRIGADE,Camp near Orange Court-House, Va., February 22, 1864.

MAJOR: In compliance with instructions received on the 20th instant, I have the honor to report the following as the operations of my brigade in the affair at Mine Run, and to inclose the reports of the regimental commanders, except that of Lieutenant-Colonel Lewis, Forty-third North Carolina Troops (which regiment is temporarily absent from the brigade), which will be forwarded as soon as received:

My brigade (consisting of the Thirty-second North Carolina Troops, Colonel Brabble; Forty-third North Carolina Troops, Lieutenant-Colonel Lewis; Fifty-third North Carolina Troops, Colonel Owens; Forty-fifth North Carolina Troops, Major Smith) moved with the division about 1 o'clock on the morning of November 27, 1863, from its breastworks at Morton's Ford to Zoar Church, and there took a position in the road, the right resting at the church.

About 8 a. m. the same day the division moved toward Locust Grove, this brigade being in advance. On reaching the hill near Locust Grove, my skirmishers came in contact with the enemy, who appeared in very strong force upon the Germanna road. I was ordered by the major-general commanding to form my line across the road. Before this order was executed I received further orders from the same source to hold the enemy in check with my line of skirmishers and occupy with my brigade a position about 1,000 yards in rear, upon a wooded hill, and hold it until the remainder of the division came up and could be placed in position. During the execution of this roder the enemy, greatly outnumbering our troops, pressed my line of skirmishers, but were gallantry held in check by them, under the command of Captain Foster, until the main body of the division came up and threw out skirmishers on his right and left, driving his sharpshooters beyond the crest of the hill.

We occupied this position until about 2 a. m. of the next day, the enemy occasionally feeling our position, but making no direct attack. From here I moved with the division to Mine Run, and occupied the west bank of that stream, my right resting on the turnpike. This position we fortified strongly, and held until the morning of December 2. During this time my skirmishers were frequently engaged with those of the enemy. Captains Forster and Hines, commanding

