
The first day of the expedition being the 26th instant, a detachment of my regiment, consisting of 254 men, was ordered on the advance, and furnished the advance guard, consisting of 49 men, under the command of Captain George J. Ker, of Major Kleinz's battalion.

On the 27th instant, about 10 o'clock a. m., nothing of importance having occurred, the First New York Mounted Rifles took the advance, causing the detachment of my regiment to furnish the rear guard.

On the evening of the 27th instant, at 7 o'clock, a detachment of 100 men, under command of Major Kleinz, was sent from a point near Baltimore Store, by order of Colonel Onderdonk, commanding cavalry brigade, to Long Bridge, which point he reached, and returned without meeting the enemy.

On the morning of the 28th instant, having bivouacked at Baltimore Store for the night, the detachment of my regiment occupied the rear, furnishing the rear guard, composed of detachments of Companies I and K, consisting of 45 men.

At half-past 10 o'clock, a. m., while halting near Slatersville, a picket thrown out from the rear guard was fired upon by 4 or 5 who had stealthily crept past the post in the dense woods surrounding the place.

The rear guard under command of Captain George D. Hart, of Captain Stetson's battalion - I having heard the firing - was ordered to charge up the road toward New Kent Court-House, and hold the enemy in check, in order to allow time for preparations to meet an attack. He immediately proceeded to execute the order, having but 25 men with him, the remainder being on picket in the vicinity.

At his outside picket post in that direction, he came upon what was supposed to be either an advance guard or part of the enemy's cavalry, numbering 25 or 30 men, who turned and fled as Captain Hart with his party, with a yell, came down upon them at full speed, driving them before him.

He dashed ahead until he arrived at the opening to the front and east of New Kent Court-House, a distance of about 2 miles, when he saw immediately in his front a force of the enemy's cavalry, numbering from 250 to 300, in column of platoons, charging down upon him and to the rescue of their advance guard. Seeing his critical position he immediately deployed his command as skirmishers on the margin of the woods, where he was at the time, opening a severe fire from carbines and pistols upon the approaching enemy, causing them to hesitate.

Just at this moment Major Kleinz, with 50 men, who I had ordered up to the support of the advance guard, arrived and opened upon the enemy, who, being unable to stand this galling fire, retired, leaving my command in possession of the court-house and vicinity. At this time a battalion of the First New York Mounted Rifles arrived on the ground, and the part of my regiment present was ordered to retire.

The casualties were as follows:*

Those missing will probably return, as they were seen making their way through the woods dismounted, toward our position.

The enemy's loss in killed was as follows: The major in command, 1 sergeant, and 1 private killed; wounded, 8 men. This statement has been corroborated by citizens of New Kent.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 man killed, 2 men wounded, and 3 men missing.

---------------

