
them, behaved with great coolness, as did the officers and men under their command. Lieutenant Stitt, my acting aide-de-camp, was here conspicuous for his good conduct.

On the morning of December 2, I moved, agreeably to instructions, be the right, and crossed the turnpike and occupied the position previously held by Anderson's division, my right resting at a small stream near a furnace. As soon as it was light I discovered that the enemy had retired from my front and pushed my skirmishers well forward to find his whereabouts.

A short time after sunrise I received orders to move to the turnpike and follow the division in pursuit of the enemy on the Germanna road. After marching some 5 or 6 miles on this road, I was ordered to countermarch, and bivouacked for the night near Locust Grove. The next morning I returned with the division to Morton's Ford.

The casualties in the brigade were as follows:

Command.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.

32nd Regiment North

Carolina Troops:

Non-commissioned officer.	 ...	 1	 ...

Privates.	 ...	 2	 ...

43rd Regiment North

Carolina Troops:

Non-commissioned officer.	 ...	 1	 ...

Privates.	 2	 ...	 1

53rd Regiment North

Carolina Troops:

Privates.	 2	 ...	 ...

45th Regiment North

Carolina Troops:

Privates.	 1	 5	 2

2nd North Carolina

Battalion.

Privates.	 1	 2	 ...

Total.	 6	 11	 3

In closing this report, I feel it my duty to state that, in consequence of the extremely inclement weather, the constant labor, marching, and loss of sleep, my officers and men were greatly fatigued; notwithstanding, they were very vigilant, and evinced great cheerfulness and good conduct in the discharge of all their duties.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JUNIUS DANIEL,

Brigadier-General.

Major G. PEYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 136. Report of Colonel Edmund C. Brabble, Thirty-second North Carolina Infantry.

FEBRUARY 21, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In pursuance of circular of to-day, I respectfully submit the following report of the operations of this regiment at Mine Run:

Having reached Zoar Church early in the morning of November 27, it moved that day in the direction of Locust Grove until the enemy was met. The Thirty-second Regiment, being in the ad-

