
vance, was thrown out to the right of the road and then fell back on a line with the rest of the troops. It remained nearly in the same place until nightfall, when it, with the rest of the brigade, moved to the right and crossed Mine Run.

On the 28th, it was at its position on the right of the brigade west of Mine Run, and remained in its position until the morning of 30th, when it was ordered back in reserve. There it remained until the morning of December 2. It then moved to the right with the brigade and afterward marched toward Germanna Ford. In the afternoon it started back toward Morton's Ford, and on December 3 reached the camp near Morton's Ford, which it had left on November 26.

The casualties in the regiment were 3 men slightly wounded: Sergt. Thomas Williams, Company H; Private Lawrence Barnes, Company A; and Private James H. Cooke, Company K.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. BRABBLE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. H. WHITE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Daniel's Brigade.

Numbers 137. Report of Lieutenant Colonel W. Gaston Lewis, Forty-third North Carolina Infantry.

MARCH 3, 1864.

SIR: In accordance with orders received from brigade headquarters, I respectfully submit the following report of the operations of this regiment at Mine Run from November 27 to December 3, 1863:

On the night of November 27, orders were received to march while we were lying in line of battle in front of Morton's Ford, on the Rapidan River. We marched down a road leading to the Madison turnpike, and wee halted a short time before daylight near Zoar Church, and ordered to construct temporary defenses. Before we had accomplished much, we were ordered to march forward to meet the enemy. We continued the march toward the turnpike until we came very near the pike at a place called Locust Grove, where we encountered the enemy's sharpshooters in front of his line of battle. I received orders to form line of battle on the left and at right angles to the road we were marching on, which was promptly done. Before the regiment finished loading we wee ordered to fall back about 100 yards to a better position, where we remained until about midnight, skirmishing going on in our front nearly the entire time. Several times my sharpshooters drove the enemy's to their line of battle.

In this skirmish James F. Whitehead, a private in Company D, was killed. He was a boy, and a brave and excellent soldier.

About midnight of November 28, I received marching orders. Our line of march was by a by-road running nearly parallel to the turnpike for some distance, and then turning into the turnpike near Mine Run. We crossed Mine Run and formed line of battle on the hills on the west side of the run.

56 R R - VOL XXIX, PT I

