
About 9 o'clock of November 29, I received orders to construct defenses of logs and earth for the distance of my regimental front. This was made proof against solid shot from field pieces before dark of the same day. Considerable skirmishing was going on in our front all day.

About dark the same day I received orders to change my line to the crest of the hill, it having been built on the side of the hill at first. The logs were moved and sufficient earth thrown up to resist projectiles from rifled field pieces by 9 o'clock next morning. My line was constructed with traverses about 30 feet apart, to prevent an enfilade fire. The traverses were also made artillery proof. We worked on this line strengthening it until the morning of December 2, when we received orders to march by the right flank and occupy the position just vacated by Anderson's division.

On December 1, the enemy kept up a brisk fire at times on our line, but did no damage. On the morning of December 2, at daylight, the enemy's retreat was discovered, and we were ordered in pursuit down the turnpike toward Fredericksburg. We pursued nearly to the Rapidan, and the enemy having made good his escape across the river, we were ordered to march back toward Morton's Ford. We encamped on the night of December 2 about a mile from Locust Grove. One December 3, we returned to our old camp near Morton's Ford.

The entire loss of the regiment during the time was 2 killed and 1 wounded.

Very respectfully submitted.

W. G. LEWIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. H. WHITE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 138. Report of Major T. McGehee Smith, Forty-fifth North Carolina Infantry.

FEBRUARY 21, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Forty-fifth North Carolina Regiment from November 27 to December 3, 1863, inclusive:

On the morning of November 27, 1863, this regiment marched from Zoar Church to within a mile of Locust Grove. Here, the enemy being found in force, line of battle was formed and skirmishing began. Only two or three shells passed over the regiment during the day. Private Holt, of Company H, was wounded in hand in the skirmish.

About 3 o'clock on the morning of Saturday, 28th, Rodes' division moved and took position behind Mine Run. On account of failure to relieve our post on the skirmish line, in withdrawing, Privates Hemphill, of Company K, and Griffith and Evans, of Company H, Company C, and Talley, of Company H, were at this same post, but deserve creditable mention for the manner in which they managed to escape and rejoin their regiment.

The whole of Saturday the Forty-fifth was in reserve and took no

