
part in the construction of the earth-works. Captain S. H. Hines, of Company I, this regiment, in command of the Second Corps of brigade sharpshooters, held the enemy in check in a heavy skirmish this day, while his right flank and front was exposed to a distressing fire. Private David Nine, of Company H, a brave boy of seventeen years, whose conduct on former occasions and on this deserves especial notice, was killed, and Private Cohle, of Company B, was wounded in thigh.

Saturday night our line was drawn back to the crest of the hill, and the Forty-fifth during the night and most of the following day was throwing up breastworks.

Sunday evening the regiment was put in reserve some 150 yards in rear of our line.

Monday, the 30th, was spent in same position until the enemy's thick shelling, which, being in reply to our guns (several of which were immediately in front of the regiment), was so very warm and so directly in range of the regiment, that, in accordance with General Daniel's instructions in this event, it was moved to a more sheltered spot to its right, but not before 2 men were very slightly wounded - Privates Bryant, of Company A, and Perkins, of Company I. In moving under this fire the regiment did so in quite as good order as if on drill. Private Quate, of Company C, was wounded in the skirmish line by a piece of shell.

Tuesday was spent in reserve. Wednesday, December 1, the Forty-fifth moved 1 1/2 miles to the right and put int eh trenches near the Mine. Information being received that the enemy was falling back, the regiment in its position in the brigade marched in pursuit, and returning went into camp on the road to several of the Rapidan fords. Thursday, December 2, marched to Morton's Ford. Friday, December 3, was spent in camp at this place.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

T. McGEHEE SMITH,

Major, Commanding Forty-fifth North Carolina Regiment.

Captain J. H. WHITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 139. Report of Colonel William A. Owens, Fifty-third North Carolina Infantry.

SIR: The following is a report of the operations of this regiment from November 27 to December 3, 1863, inclusive:

About 1 o'clock on the morning of November 27, I moved with the brigade to Zoar Church. About 8 that morning we moved down the road leading to Locust Grove. About 10 o'clock, and when within about a mile of the latter place, we discovered the enemy in within about a mile of the latter place, we discovered the enemy in our front, when, in obedience to orders from Brigadier-General Daniel, I deployed my regiment in a field at the foot of a hill, my center resting on the road. I had no sooner deployed than the enemy appeared on a hill in my front, and I fell back about 100 yards to the crest of a hill in my rear, so that my men might be sheltered by the woods.

I remained at this place until about 2 o'clock on the morning of the 28th, when we moved by the right flank up the turnpike to Mine

