
Run, on the west side of which we formed line of battle, where we remained until morning. At daylight I threw out skirmishers in my front and commenced throwing up breastworks on the side of the hill. Just after dark that night I moved up to the crest of the hill, where I threw up a new line of works.

We remained at this place until just before light on the morning of December 2, when we moved by the right flank about a mile across the turnpike. As soon as it was light that morning, finding that the enemy had disappeared from our front, I moved by the flank with the brigade down the turnpike in the direction of Germanna Ford, and after going about 5 miles we halted, faced about, and marched back to Locust Grove, near which place we bivouacked for the night. On December 3, we returned to Morton's Ford. On November 29, P. S. King, Company B, and H. Cullen, Company C, while acting as sharpshooters, were mortally wounded, and died within a few hours after receiving the wounds. Several others were slightly wounded at the same time, but returned to duty after a few days.

Respectfully,

W. A. OWENS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. H. WHITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 140. Report of Captain Edward Smith, Second North Carolina Battalion.

DECEMBER 4, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations and conduct of the Second North Carolina Battalion, and casualties occurring therein, from November 27, to December 3, 1863, inclusive, while at Mine Run, Va.:

The battalion was exposed both to musketry and shelling during the time above stated, and acted very well, suffering the following loss.*

Respectfully submitted.

ED. SMITH,

Captain, Commanding Second North Carolina Battalion.

Captain J. H. WHITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 141. Report of Brigadier General George Doles, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS DOLES' BRIGADE,January 4, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this brigade in the recent engagements near Mine Run, Va.:

This brigade was left on picket duty at Morton's Ford on the night

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 837.

---------------

