
of November 26, with orders to rejoin the division next day, November 27.

At daylight on November 27, we were relieved from picket duty at Morton's Ford by a detachment of cavalry of General Fitz. Lee's command. Moved at daylight. Rejoined the division at Zoar Church about 9 a. m. that day. Marched toward Locust Grove. Held in reserve during the day. About 3 p. m. formed in line of battle on the left of the division in the wood near Locust Grove. Lewis Randolph, acting aide-de-camp, to move to the left to the support of Major General Edward Johnson, whose division was then engaged with the enemy at Payne's Farm, and whose right was at that time threatened. Moved in double-quick. On arriving on the ground, four General Johnson's immediate right not in need of support. Formed in line in rear of brigades of Generals Jones and Walker, the two right brigades of General Johnson's division, who were at that time warmly engaged.

As we were moving forward into action received an order from General Johnson by an officer (Lieutenant Wilmer, aide-de-camp) to move rapidly to the left, as the position of General G. H. Steuart, who was on the extreme left, was being overpowered by superior numbers. We moved in double-quick to the left to support General Steuart. Arrived on the ground about dark. The Fourth Georgia, under command of Lieutenant Colonel William H. Willis, and the Twelfth Georgia, under command of Colonel Edward Willis, moved to the front in line of battle and engaged the enemy. The Twenty-first Georgia, under command of Colonel John T. Mercer, and the Forty-fourth Georgia, under command of Colonel William H. Peebles, were ordered into position to support the left of General Walker's and the right of General Stafford's brigade. These two regiments, Twenty-first and Forty-fourth Georgia, were not actively engaged. The engagement ceased at 7 p. m.

We remained on the field until about 11 p. m., when, in obedience to orders from Major-General Early, we withdrew, following in rear of Major-General Johnson's command. We rejoined General Rodes' division early next morning, about 1 a. m., then marched to Mine Run, where Rodes' division formed in line of battle on the north of the old pike.

On the morning of the 28th, this brigade was held in reserve immediately in the center of the division. Remained in reserve the 28th, 29th, 30th, and 1st.

At 3 a. m. of December 2, the brigade was ordered to occupy the intrenchments occupied by the brigade of General Battle, commanded by Colonel O'Neal. Sharpshooters were advanced with orders to feel the enemy. Finding he had retreated, they were ordered to follow, when the whole division moved down the old pike in the direction of Germanna Ford. Sharpshooters, under command of Major J. T. Carson, of the Twelfth Georgia, pursued and captured 206 prisoners.

Arriving at the cross-roads near Germanna Ford, and finding the enemy had made good his retreat and recrossed the Rapidan, we were ordered back to our old bivouac at Morton's Ford, where we arrived the next day, December 3.

I would respectfully mention Private Charles Grace, of Company B, Fourth Georgia, for special gallantry. He and 18 other sharpshooters came across the enemy's rear guard, numbering about 300,

