
posted behind an embankment on the plank road; charged and captured 137 of the enemy.

I take pleasure in bearing testimony to the gallantry of the officers and men of this command during the entire operations near Mine Run, both in action and on the march.

The following are the casualties of the brigade:

Command.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.	 Aggregat

 	 	 	 e.

4th Georgia	 ...	 3	 ...	 3

Regiment.

12th Georgia	 1	 2	 3	 6

Regiment.

44th Georgia	 ...	 ...	 1	 1

Regiment.

Total.	 1	 5	 4	 10

I am, major, most respectfully, &amp;c.,

GEO. DOLES,

Brigadier-General.

Major G. PEYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 142. Report of Brigadier General Stephen D. Ramseur, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS RAMSEUR'S BRIGADE,January 22, 1864.

SIR: In accordance with circular from division headquarters, January 21, I have the honor to report that my brigade moved with the division about 3 o'clock on the morning of November 27. Formed line of battle along ridge road leading by Zoar Church; remained here several hours, right resting near the church, left near right of Major-General Johnson's intrenchments, and then took up line of march toward Locust Grove. Met the enemy in heavy force near and this side of Locust Grove. Division was again formed in line of battle and advanced a short distance, developing the enemy in strong force; then halted, and my brigade, ont he right, was thrown forward so as to connect with the left of Major-General Early's division, Brigadier-General Gordon's brigade. Remained thus in line of battle, with sharp skirmishing in front, until dark. My brigade was then moved from the right to the left of the division, partially covering a wide gap between Major-General Rodes and Major-General Johnson.

About 12 o'clock at night the division fell back from its advanced position near Locust Grove, and took up line of battle again on Mine Run. My brigade was left to cover this movement. This line was strongly and rapidly fortified, and here we awaited the onset of the enemy, November 28, 29, and 30, and December 1. This he declined to make, and during the night of the 1st retreated to the north bank of the Rapidan.

