
mained during Saturday, Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday, fortifying and strengthening my line, so as to make it proof against the fire of the enemy's heaviest artillery, their works on the hill on the opposite side of Mine Run being plainly visible to the naked eye.

During this time the officers and men suffered much from cold, the loss of sleep, and the want of food, but all bore it with patience and fortitude, and all were anxious for the advance of the enemy, satisfied we could hold our position and repulse him with great ease and slaughter.

Before day on Wednesday morning I moved, in obedience to orders, to the right of the turnpike about half a mile, and at daylight pushed forward my sharpshooters to feel for the enemy, when it was found he had retreated. I was ordered to move by the flank down the turnpike toward Germanna Ford. The whole division moved rapidly, hoping to overtake the enemy before he could cross the river; but after a fatiguing march and when within a few miles of Germanna Ford, it was found he had made good his retreat. Finding that the enemy had recrossed the river, I was ordered back to our old camp at Morton's Ford, which I reached the next day.

While in line of battle at Mine Run the enemy occasionally shelled us, and once or twice furiously; but our works being strong, no material injury was done.

It is but proper to add that both officers and men manifested the greatest anxiety to meet the fore, satisfied that a glorious triumph would have crowned our arms if he had assaulted our line. I have never in an experience of nearly three years seen officers and men in so fine a condition for action.

Inclosed you will find the reports of regimental commanders and list of casualties.

Casualties: Killed, none; wounded, 6; missing, none; total, 6.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD A. O'NEAL,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major G. PEYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 144. Report of Colonel Charles Forsyth, Third Alabama Infantry.

JANUARY 22, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from brigade headquarters, calling for a report of the actions of this regiment in the operations at and near Mine Run, I have the honor to report that the regiment was not engaged at all, excepting a detachment of sharpshooters with the brigade corps, under Lieutenant John T. Huggins, of Company E.

The following is the list of wounded: Columbus Dunn, Company A, slightly wounded; Benjamin Woodwell, Company K, severely wounded; W. T. Hall, Company B, slightly wounded.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

C. FORSYTH,

Colonel.

Captain A. H. PICKETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

