
Numbers 145. Report of Colonel J. M. Hall, Fifth Alabama Infantry.

JANUARY 22, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from brigade headquarters, requiring a report of the operations of my regiment during the recent campaign at Mine Run, commencing November 26 and ending December 3, I have the honor to submit the following:

On the morning of November 26, an alarm being given that the enemy were endeavoring to force a passage of the river at Morton's Ford, my regiment was marched out to its works in front of my encampment, where we remained all day and a portion of the night under arms.

Friday, about 2 a. m., in obedience to orders from the brigade commander, I moved, together with the rest of the brigade, tot eh right of Major-General Johnson's division, where I was halted and ordered to hold my regiment in readiness for action. In a short time I was ordered to move still farther to the right toward Locust Grove.

After proceeding to within a few miles of this place, the presence of the enemy being discovered, my regiment, with the rest of the brigade, was filed into the woods on the right of the road and deployed in line on the right of General Daniel's brigade. My sharpshooters were immediately thrown out and in a short time were hotly engaged in skirmishing, which was kept up till some time after dark. Two men belonging to my First Corps of Sharpshooters were wounded during the day.

About 11 o'clock that night I moved several miles to the right, crossed Mine Run, and at daylight had my command busily engaged in erecting breastworks. I continued working on these all day, notwithstanding a heavy rain was falling, and when I had nearly completed them was ordered to occupy the works vacated by a regiment of General Johnston's brigade.

Finding these very imperfect, I caused my men to work upon them a greater portion of that night and the next day, although they were suffering very much for want of rest and sleep, not having had any repose of consequence for the two preceding nights. By the afternoon of Sunday, November 29, I had rendered my position proof against field artillery.

I remained here till Wednesday morning, when I moved some distance to the right and occupied the works erected by a part of Early's division. Soon after sunrise, information being received that the enemy had retreated, I was ordered in pursuit down the Germanna Ford road. After a severe march to within a few miles of Germanna Ford I was halted, and after a rest of a few hours ordered to return to my old camp at Morton's farm, which I reached the following day.

During the entire short but severe campaign the men and officers of my command acquitted themselves handsomely, performing the hard labor required in erecting the fortifications with the greater cheerfulness, and enduring the inclemencies of the weather, the fatigues of the marches, loss of sleep, and the very short supplies of rations with unmurmuring fortitude. The greatest anxiety was expressed by both officers and men that the enemy would attack us,

