
Both the officers and men of my command acted with great promptness and courage, and deserve the plaudits of all.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. LEWIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant FRANK BOUDINOT, A. A. A. G.

AUGUST 27 - SEPTEMBER 2, 1863.- Cavalry Operations in Virginia.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

August 27, 1863.- Skirmish at Edwards Ferry, Md.

28, 1863.- Skirmish at Hartwood Church.

Sept. 1, 1863.- Skirmish at Barbee's Cross-Roads.

2, 1863.- Affair near Rixey's Ford.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Colonel J. Irvin Gregg, Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding Second Cavalry Division.

Numbers 2.- Colonel Horace B. Sargent, First Massachusetts Cavalry, commanding detachment of First Brigade.

Numbers 3.- Major Matthew H. Cryer, Sixth Ohio Cavalry.

Numbers 4.- Major General J. E. B. Stuart, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Corps.

Numbers 5.- Lieutenant Colonel Elijah V. White, Thirty-fifth Virginia Cavalry Battalion.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel J. Irvin Gregg, Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding Second Cavalry Division.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,September 3, 1863.

COLONEL: I sent a reconnaissance, consisting of two regiments, the Eighth and Sixteenth Pennsylvania, under command of Lieutenant Colonel J. K. Robinson, by way of Gaines' Cross-Roads and Keysville, to Sandy Hook and Chester Gap. I also directed Colonel McIntosh to send two regiments, by way of Barbee's Cross-Roads, to scour the country, and drive any and all force in that neighborhood back on the troops which occupied Sandy Hook and Chester Gap.

My pickets were attacked last night at or near Rixeyville Ford, and one captain and several men captured; the attacking force said to be about 200. The reserve at the ford above was also attacked, but repulsed the assailants. The enemy approached from the direction of Newby's Cross-Roads.

The enemy are becoming troublesome along our entire line, and I do not see how they are to be chastised, as the great advantage they possess over our troops renders it easy for them to escape.

I cannot make a single movement that is not known at Sperryville before it reaches Amissville. The expedition sent out yesterday has not yet returned, but I do not anticipate any results from it.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. IRVIN GREGG,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,

Chief of Staff.

