
and the best of spirits was preserved by the entire regiment throughout the whole time.

Most respectfully submitted.

J. M. HALL,

Colonel Fifth Alabama Regiment.

Captain A. H. PICKETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Battle's Brigade.

Numbers 146. Report of Major Isaac F. Culver, Sixth Alabama Infantry.

CAMP NEAR ORANGE COURT-HOUSE,

January 22, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following as the part taken by my regiment during our recent operations along Mine Run:

On November 27, we field out from the trenches at Morton's Ford, on the Rapidan, and moved toward the Fredericksburg and Orange pike. Early in the day we approached the pike at Locust Grove, when skirmishing began along the front of the column. We were immediately deployed to the right into line of battle. Our position being a poor one, we threw up breastworks along our front. The sharpshooters from the regiment were sent forward, and a very test being for a hill immediately in our front. Several times the sharpshooters advanced, drove the enemy back, but as often they were advanced upon and compelled to fall back. After night we were moved to the left along the line of works about one-quarter of a mile, halted, remained some time, and then moved back to our original position.

At 1 a. m. on the 28th, we filed out to the right and soon intersected the Fredericksburg and Orange pike about 1 mile from Mine Run. Crossed the run, moved to the right, and took position on the range of hills immediately ont he right of the pike. At 7 a. m. we moved tot he crest of the hills and formed line of battle; commenced to throw up breastworks. The enemy being immediately in our front, their sharpshooters advancing, my sharpshooters were soon engaged, the enemy also using artillery. A dense fog and heavy rain here put a stop tot eh firing and everything became quiet. This opportunity was improved by us in throwing up breastworks. Night came and the regiment slept near the trenches.

November 29, the weather changed during the night to be extremely cold, and the ground was completely frozen. The day was employed in strengthening the works, as heavy traverses had to be erected along my whole line. There was an occasional exchange of shots between my sharpshooters and the enemy's. Night came and the regiment slept in the trenches.

November 30, remained in position at the breastworks. The enemy opened on our works with artillery. Several shots took effect, but no injury was done. At night the regiment again slept in the trenches. December 1, at 4 a. m., the regiment was under arms at the works and there remained during the day.

