
December 2, at 3 a. m., we were moved along the line to the right about 1 mile and placed in position. At sunrise it was ascertained that the enemy had withdrawn from our front. We immediately moved forward, crossed the run, and pursued the retreating column about 6 miles in the direction of Germanna Ford. Here we were halted and then ordered to about-face. The line of march was taken up, and on December 3 we again encamped at our old position at Morton's Ford.

There was not the slightest casualty in my regiment during these operations.

Respectfully,

I. F. CULVER,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain A. H. PICKETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 147. Report of Major Adolph Proskaner, Twelfth Alabama Infantry.

JANUARY 22, 1864.

SIR: The morning of November 26 found my regiment on picket at Tobacco Stick Ford. Shortly after daylight I was informed by the officer of the day that the enemy in force (composed of cavalry and artillery) were making demonstrations to cross at Morton's Ford. I deployed my reserve, its left resting in rear of the Buckner House, to prevent any surprise on my left flank or rear, and was thus prepared to meet successfully any attack in my front.

In the evening, relieved by the Twenty-sixth Alabama Regiment, I moved the regiment behind its works, when I received orders from the brigade commander to be ready to move at 3 a. m. At 12.30 a. m. I was notified to take up line of march immediately, which I did. We crossed Mine Run and marched with little interruption until about 11 a. m., when we met with the enemy. Skirmishers were ordered to the front and the men were busily employed in throwing up light earth-works, digging with their bayonets and hands. During the night of November 27-28, we fell back across Mine Run and threw up very formidable fortifications.

On the 29th, the enemy shelled our position furiously, but, owing to the strength of our works, no damage was sustained. To prevent a surprise, a fourth of the men were ordered to be on post during the night, and I compelled the balance of the men and officers to sleep in the trenches, where I also remained constantly, and convinced myself by personal inspection of the efficiency of the men on post.

With the exception of a few shells thrown at our works on the 30th, the enemy remained remarkable quiet on the two succeeding days.

During the night of December 1-2, we were ordered to move to a position farther to our right, fronting in one rank when concealed by woods and in two ranks when in open field.

At daybreak our skirmishers advanced and found that the enemy had left their position during the night, retreating across the river. We immediately took up line of march and pushed on to within a

