
mile from Germanna Ford, when we retraced our steps, bivouacking during the night near Mine Run, and next morning, December 3, reached our fortifications near Morton's Ford.

The casualties in the regiment are: One man wounded on November 27 in skirmishing, and 1 man on November 28, both belonging to the First Corps of Sharpshooters.

Respectfully submitted.

A. PROSKANER,

Major Twelfth Alabama Regiment.

Captain A. H. PICKETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 148. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John S. Garvin, Twenty-sixth Alabama Infantry.

JANUARY 22, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to circular from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Twenty-sixth Alabama Regiment at Mine Run:

On November 26, 1863, the regiment went into line of battle at the breastworks in front of Morton's Ford. Soon after (about noon) it was ordered to relieve the Twelfth Alabama Regiment on picket at Tobacco Stick Ford. It remained on picket until near 12 p. m., when it was relieved and the brigade took up the line of march toward Locust Grove, for a short time supporting Johnson's division to the right of Broad Run, I believe. At this point the regiment was again placed on picket to guard the blind fords ont he run, near the residence of Mr. Rhodes. It was soon after relieved, and the brigade continued the march toward Locust Grove, and went into line of battle near this place on the evening of November 127 ultimo.

We continued in line, throwing up temporary breastworks, until the morning of the 28th, at 4 a. m., when we were moved to Mine Run, occupying the crest of the ridge to the left of the Brock road, in a very exposed position. The regiment was employed on November 28, 29, and 30, in throwing up breastworks and otherwise strengthening their position, subjected occasionally to a cannonade of the enemy, with no casualties, only one shell striking the breastworks, fortunately doing no damage.

On December 1, the enemy again opened upon our position with their artillery, but with no effect, as far as this regiment is concerned. We remained in this position until the morning of December 3, when we were moved by the right flank some 2 miles along the breastworks as in full retreat. The brigade started in pursuit, and continued it within a few miles of Germanna Ford, without, however, overtaking the enemy, he having crossed the river. The brigade then returned to the old camp near Morton's Ford, where it arrived on December 4.

Being in no active engagement, there were no casualties in the regiment worthy of reporting; but I cannot close this report without

