
bearing testimony to the patience and endurance of the officers and men of my command. They occupied a position in the open field on the crest of the ridge which exposed them to the cold winds and very inclement weather, and, being poorly clad, suffered very much from exposure. For twenty-four hours or more they had no rations, but they bore all without a murmur, only anxious to meet and hurl back the invading foe. Much of the sickness now in camp may justly be attributed to their exposure on that field.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN S. GARVIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain PICKETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 149. Report of Brigadier General Robert D. Johnson, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSTON'S BRIGADE,January 24, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the late active operations:

The threatening demonstrations made by the enemy's cavalry at Morton's Ford, on November 26, detained the brigade in the intrenchments covering that ford until after sundown, when, in obedience to orders, I withdrew my command to their camps and prepared two days' rations.

At an early hour on the morning of the 27th, this brigade, with the division, moved down the river about 4 miles and formed in line of battle on the left of the road leading to Zoar Church. After a short delay, we were moved by the right flank, turning to the left at Zoar Church on the road that leads into the Orange and Fredericksburg pike at Locust Grove Tavern. We came into the enemy's immediate front at Grassy Branch, where, by direction of the major-general commanding, I formed by brigade in line in the woods on the west bank of the run, with General Daniel on my right. Skirmishers were thrown forward, and were engaged continuously throughout the day.

My brigade occupying the left of the division, and being unable to find out where General Edward Johnson's division was, I directed Colonel Toon, commanding the Twentieth North Carolina Regiment, on the left of the brigade, to throw forward two companies to protect my left flank; but fortunately the enemy did not discover and take advantage of the gap thus left between the two divisions. Very soon after dark the whole command was withdrawn behind Mine Run and bivouacked on the pike (Orange and Fredericksburg) near where it crossed the run.

Early on the morning of November 28, under the direction of the major-general commanding, I placed my troops in line on the left of the division, connecting with General Edward Johnson's right. The Twenty-third North Carolina Regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel Davis commanding, was placed in position in the rifle-pits about 400 yards in advance of the main line. Our position was strengthened by

