
heavy earth-works and abatis. The enemy pursued with alacrity, and the skirmishing began early in the morning and was continued throughout the 28th and the following day, a large amount of ammunition being expended without any result. Some half dozen of the enemy were killed and wounded by my skirmishers.

On the morning of December 2, the enemy's skirmishers retired from our front. The operations of my command after this time are familiar to the major-general commanding, and I deem it unnecessary to add anything further in reference to them.

I cannot close this report without calling attention to the efficient service rendered by my sharpshooters, particularly on November 27, when Captain Benjamin Robinson, with the two corps, about 75 strong, drove in the Fifteenth Massachusetts Regiment, killing and capturing a number of them, including a lieutenant-colonel. I would cordially recommend Captain Robinson for promotion. His courage and coolness have been conspicuous upon every battle-field of the last campaign.

The casualties in my command were very few: Killed, 1; wounded, 3; missing, 2; total, 6. They have already been reported, as also the captures.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. D. JOHNSTON,

Brigadier-General.

Major H. A. WHITING,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

Numbers 150. Report of Major Carter M. Braxton, C. S. Army, commanding Artillery Battalion, Second Army Corps.

JANUARY 28, 1864.

GENERAL: * * * This battalion, on November 27, 1863, at 4 a. m., by orders from Colonel J. T. Brown, moved from its camp near Morton's Ford and joined Johnson's division near Humes' house. From that point, on the same day, the division moved toward Locust Grove via Bartlett's Mill. Carpenter's battery was detached and thrown forward with Jones' brigade, the three remaining batteries of the battalion marching in rear of the "Stonewall" Brigade, the third in column.

As the battalion was passing the junction of this road with the one leading from Jacobs' Ford, an attack was made by the enemy's right (he having formed his line of battle perpendicular to the road upon which he was marching - Jacobs' Ford road - and nearly parallel to our line of march) upon the rear of the ambulance train of the division, which was immediately in rear of the battalion. The country being almost an unbroken forest, the battalion was retired at once to a small field to the right of the road, where it came into battery until a position could be selected and the intentions of the enemy ascertained.

At 4 p. m. a section of Napoleons from Carpenter's battery was placed in position at the junction of the road from Bartlett's Mill to Locust Grove with the road from Jacobs' Ford, in the woods. It opened fire, and kept it up until 7.30 o'clock, when it was retired. A

