
section of Napoleons from the First Maryland Battery, commanded by Lieutenant Hill, was ordered to report to Colonel J. T. Brown, and was placed in position on the left of General Stafford's brigade by him. This section was engaged but a short time when the enemy pressed our left wing black, necessitating the withdrawal of these guns under a heavy flank fire from infantry. As our left receded our right advanced, turning, as it were, upon Carpenter's position as a point, exposing his left flank while he was hotly engaged in front. This caused him to fire to the left, changing front to the rear with his left gun, and, opening at the same time with canister, soon compelled the enemy to retire.

It having been decided upon to take up a new line on the south side of Mine Run, the battalion moved in column to a point near Zoar Church, where it went into position on General Johnston's front.

The enemy was quiet on our front during the 28th and 29th, but a little after sunrise on the morning of the 30th, he opened on our left at a distance of 800 or 1,000 yards with Napoleons, and soon thereafter from the front and right with guns of various caliber, ranging from 10-pounder to 30-pounder Parrotts. The enemy's fire was returned, first by Captain Raine, then by Lieutenant Chew and Captain Carpenter.

In this engagement, which lasted about an hour, Captain Charles I. Raine, commanding Lee Battery, was killed; also 2 privates killed and 2 wounded in the Lee Battery. Carpenter lost 5 privates wounded. On Friday, the 27th, the battalion sustained a loss of 1 non-commissioned officer killed and 1 non-commissioned officer and 3 privates wounded. Eleven horses were killed and wounded. On the 30th, 16 horses were killed and disabled.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CARTER M. BRAXTON,

Major, Commanding Battalion.

Brigadier General A. L. LONG,

Commanding, &amp;c.

Numbers 151. Report of Lieutenant General Ambrose P. Hill, C. S. Army, commanding Third Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CORPS,Orange Court-House, January 27, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Third Corps in the recent advance of the enemy across the Rapidan River:

On the morning of November 27, in obedience to orders already received, my corps took the route to Fredericksburg by the plank road, the advance division (Heth's) reaching Verdierville about 1 p. m. I was then directed to move on down the plank road and bivouac for the night. About 1 miles from Verdierville information was brought me that the enemy were advancing down the plank road and driving back our cavalry. Riding forward some 2 miles farther, I found General Stuart in the advance and disputing the passage of the enemy with a small body of cavalry. Heth's division, having been hurried up, was thrown into line, and Walker's brigade deploying its skirmishers, with some sharp fighting, checked the

