
farther advance of the enemy, and finally drove them back from a position which was considered advantageous for our artillery. Haskell's division was then put in position. This was about 4 p. m.

An order was received from the general commanding to send a division to the support of the Second Corps, on my left, and to establish communication between my own corps and the Second. Leaving directions for Anderson's division to be diverted for this purpose, I galloped over to the left to examine the ground. Anderson was soon put in communication with General Hays, commanding Early's right. Upon my return to the plank road I found the general-in-chief, and upon a reconnaissance and consultation it was deemed advisable not to advance that night. Later information was received that the whole force of the enemy was in our front, and that one corps of the enemy had made its appearance on our left and rear. This fact, taken in connection with another more cogent reason, that the ground we then occupied was unfavorable to receive an attack, determined us to occupy the west side of Mine Run, a position about 1 1/2 miles in rear of our then position.

Orders were accordingly issued, and by daybreak next morning my line of battle was formed, its left (Anderson's division) resting on the old turnpike, and the right (Wilcox's division) crossing the plank road and resting upon the Catharpin road, Heth's division in reserve. The artillery of the corps, under Colonel Walker, was posted in advantageous positions along this line: McIntosh, Cutts, Poague, and Haskell on the left of the plank road; Pegram and Garnett on the right. The troops rapidly threw up rifle-pits and gun-pits, and when the troops of the enemy were displayed upon the opposite hills, we were ready to receive them. Affairs remained thus during the 28th.

Ont he 29th, it was found the enemy were concentrating, and extending on our right.

Before day on the morning of the 30th, Wilcox had been extended two brigades to the right and the interval replaced in the center by two of Heth's brigades. The night of the 30th, Wilcox extended still farther to the right, resting on Antioch Church, and Heth's whole division was pus in the front line.

The next day, finding that the enemy did not attack, it was determined by the general-in-chief to attack, and I was directed to concentrate Anderson's and Wilcox's divisions on my extreme right, with a view to making the attack on Wednesday morning. This was done, and Early's troops closed up on my left.

At daybreak on the 2nd, it was discovered that the enemy had left during the night. My corps was moved down the plank road in pursuit, but upon reaching Proctor's [Parker's] Store it was found that the rear guard had recrossed the Rapidan, and the troops were ordered back to their old camps on the Rapidan. In the pursuit we picked up some 200 prisoners and a few muskets. During the time of the occupation of our lines at Mine Run there was some skirmishing daily between our pickets and those of the enemy, and some little artillery practice.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. HILL,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding Third Corps.

Colonel R. H. CHILTON,

Adjt. and Insp. General, Army of Northern Virginia.

