
Walker's report as soon as it is received. Walker's brigade now being on detached service will account for his report not accompanying this.

Very respectfully, major, your obedient servant,

H. HETH,

Major-General.

Major WILLIAM H. PALMER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Corps, Army of Northern Va.

Numbers 153. Report of Major General J. E. B. Stuart, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Corps.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,April 30, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of my command from November 26, 1863, when the enemy crossed the Rapidan near Germanna, to December 3 following, when he abandoned his aggressive movement, and by a retrograde march at night recrossed the river near the same point:

Major-General Hampton's division was on the right flank of the army, while Major-General Lee's was on the left, a portion of the horse artillery, commanded by Major R. F. Beckham, serving with each division.

The enemy was, during the 26th, discovered from Clark's Mountain moving through Stevensburg in force toward Germanna. Orders were issued putting everything in readiness. General Rosser, whose brigade was near Fredericksburg, on Hampton's right, was notified by telegram, while a dispatch was sent to general Hampton, who was with Young's and Gordon's brigades near Twyman's Store, by relay couriers, notifying him of the enemy's movement, and directing him to be ready to move to the support of his pickets, the latter being at Germanna, Ely's, &amp;c.

To General Fitz. Lee was assigned the duty of holding, with one brigade, the Rapidan west of Clark's Mountain, while with the two remaining he was directed to relieve also the infantry occupying the river line east of that mountain as far down as Morton's Ford, connecting across the country with the left of the infantry line of battle subsequently established along Mine Run. This march was executed during the night, enabling the infantry to move before daylight to their new destinations. Another dispatch was subsequently sent to General Hampton, late in the afternoon of the same day, directing him to move his command at once across to the plank road.

I proceeded myself that night the plank road, with the view to meet him and give further direction to his movements. contrary to my expectations, his column did not arrive until 9 o'clock next day. The enemy was enabled, therefore, to make much more progress than he could have done had we, by a prompt and vigorous move, by a night march, such as I intended, met him early on the 27th.

I pushed forward with Gordon's brigade, meeting the enemy's advance near New Hope Church. It was for some time checked, but Young's brigade being not yet up, it had to maintain a very unequal contest, which was greatly aggravated by a deficiency in ammunition for carbines and rifles, fighting on foot, owing to the

