
peculiar undergrowth, being the only practicable mode of warfare. The enemy was, however, kept back some distance beyond Mine Run till the arrival of Heth's division, which relieved the cavalry in front, and a portion was sent to the right, and some to the left to the turnpike road, where a column was also advancing. Captain (since Major) W. H. H. Cowles was assigned to the command of the last-mentioned detachment and all cavalry on that road.

Brisk skirmishing was going on, and a pretty good position for line of battle was found about 2 miles beyond Mine Run. Hampton having arrived at this time with Young's brigade, the greater portion of that brigade was dismounted, and, deploying as skirmishers, moved directly upon the enemy's flank engaged with Heth, and dislodged him from a strong position, the object being more particularly to determine the strength of the enemy.

In the meantime Haskell's battalion of artillery, Heth's division, having come to me on the right, was placed in position where a very effective fire was opened on the enemy. The enemy was now reported to be deploying in line about a half mile to our front. It was near night, and before our troops formed in line darkness set in. The infantry having been withdrawn at dark to a stronger line on Mine Run, the cavalry of Young's brigade replaced it.

Nothing occurred on the 28th but desultory skirmishing. During the night of the 28th, I received orders from the commanding general to move to the enemy's left and rear, with the view to force a reconnaissance of his position and situation. I communicated this intention to General Hampton during the night, directing that his command be in readiness at an early hour.

I marched from my position near Verdierville to General Hampton's command on the Catharpin road near Grasty's and Allman's, several miles from my headquarters. Not finding General hampton on the ground, I sent to his headquarters, which were some distance off, and waited some little time for his arrival. But the movement contemplated, however, not admitting of delay, one brigade (Rosser's) wa put on the march at once down the Catharpin road, hoping by the time it started General H. would arrive. I wished to keep one brigade on this flank, and to defer to his selection which it should be. I gave no orders, therefore, when I moved with Rosser's brigade (as I expected General Hampton to overtake me every moment, when I could give them to him), except to follow. Not knowing what my wishes were, he moved both brigades after Rosser, except the pickets, under Colonel Waring, Jeff. Davis Legion. After several miles' march I crossed over, so as to strike the plank road at Parker's Store. Before reaching this point I heard from Channing M. Smith, Fourth Virginia Cavalry, whom I had previously sent on a reconnaissance, giving me the desired information, which was transmitted quickly to the commanding general.

At Parker's Store a camp of the enemy's cavalry was surprised. Rosser's brigade, after a sharp skirmish, drove the enemy from the ground, as narrated in his report, one column, under the brave Lieutenant-Colonel Massie, Twelfth Virginia Cavalry, pursuing them several miles down the plank road. This was a brigade of Gregg's division. All the camp equipage was captured and several wagons, which, however, except one, were fired by the enemy. The enemy brought forward re-enforcements rapidly, and the situation of the old railroad cut rendered it absolutely necessary to take position on the south side of it, as the enemy were about to use it as

