
a cover to gain our rear. The fight was, however, kept up in this new position till Hampton arrived with Gordon and Young and a portion of Hart's battery.

The whole again advanced and the enemy was driven entirely from the ground, and we were still following him when information reached us that the enemy's infantry, marching up Mine Run, had reached the Catharpin road, stretching beyond our infantry right, and that an attack was eminent. General Young, in advance, moving up the plank road, had reached a position where the enemy's artillery commanded the only approach (the plank road) for a long distance, the ground on either side being covered with the dense scrub-oak characteristic of that wilderness region. In view, therefore, I moved by a direct country road for Dr. Allman's. General Hampton, being with the advance, captured a prisoner soon after reaching the Catharpin road after dark, from whom we learned that the Second Corps (Warren's) was on that road and that we were in rear of it. My column then made a detour to the left and reached the vicinity of Antioch Church, Richmond road, during the night.

Over 100 prisoners were captured, with arms and equipments. Also a large amount of small stores. One good wagon and team secured.

Our losses were slight in number, but 2 valuable officers of the North Carolina brigade (Captain Reese and Lieutenant Copeland, Second North Carolina) were killed. General Rosser lost 3 killed and 15 wounded. Private Richard Baylor, Company B, Twelfth Virginia Cavalry, a soldier of distinguished bravery, and one of those who volunteered to pass through the enemy at Auburn in October, was among the killed. Private Barton, Ninth Virginia Cavalry, of my escort, was killed, and Private Walden wounded.

Very early on the 30th, my command was placed on the right of our infantry, stretching across Terry's Creek in advance of Jacobs' Mills, so as to run at right angles to our line at Antioch church. The country was covered mostly with pine and undergrowth, but the cavalry wad dismounted and held in readiness for action during the day, occasionally skirmishing with the enemy. Major Beckham, commanding horse artillery, also posted some rifle pieces near the creek, which brought an enfilading fire upon the enemy's line in case of his advance. The cavalry on the right were also engaged in reconnoitering the enemy's position on Grasty's Hill, and kept an outpost at Allman's, below the enemy, on the Catharpin road. Besides this, during all these operations scouting parties were patrolling the country as far as Spotsylvania Court-House, and General Rosser left a picket below Chancellorsville.

On December 1, nothing of importance occurred. During the night a dispatch was received from a very reliable scout (Michler) that the enemy were prepared for an attack early in the morning; but it was found when day dawned, December 2, that no enemy was to be seen in our front. I hastened to the right, sending orders to the nearest cavalry to push on in pursuit. Rosser's brigade was the first. General Hampton,, not being on the ground, was notified to follow up with the remainder of his command. The enemy was followed to the Brock road and thence to Ely's Ford. A number of stragglers of the Second and First Corps (Warren's and Newton's) were caught and pickets re-established on the Rapidan. Rosser's brigade resumed its position near Fredericksburg.

