
Major General Fitzhugh Lee's report, herewith, shows how his command was occupied during these operations.

The gallantry, energy, and ability displayed by Brigadier-General Rosser, Young, and Gordon throughout, and especially at Parker's Store, where General Gordon had his horse shot under him, deserve special mention. They were ably seconded by their officers and men. These general officers exposed themselves in the most fearless manner, setting the example of individual prowess to their commands.

Captain W. H. H. Cowles, First North Carolina Cavalry, already referred to as having bene assigned to the command of the cavalry on the turnpike on the 27th, was severely wounded soon after reaching that road. Not hearing of his misfortune, the cavalry on that road was left without the skillful leadership and direction which otherwise would have been supplied.

Private J. Marion Shirer, Company B, Second South Carolina Cavalry, was severely wounded while behaving with great gallantry on the 27th. Private Benjamin Weller, Company E, First Virginia Cavalry, in charge of my couriers, was painfully wounded on the 27th near the plank road.

Captain Charles Grattan, chief of ordnance of Cavalry Corps, had his horse killed at Parker's Store.

My staff are entitled to my thanks for efficient and zealous assistance rendered throughout. The medical director, Surgeon Fontaine, was particularly efficient, all the wounded as well as killed being removed safely from the field.

General Young's loss was 2 killed and 3 wounded.

Attention is respectfully asked to the accompanying reports, as entering more into details. No report has been received from the horse artillery, but it did gallant and efficient service.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[P. S.]-I beg leave to include in this report the operations of General Rosser's command near the intersection of the Brock and plank roads on the 27th while he was detached from the remainder of the division. His report, herewith inclosed, gives the details of this gallant exploit, for which he and his brigade deserve great credit.

Numbers 154. Report of Major General Wade Hampton, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division.
HEADQUARTERS HAMPTON'S DIVISION,January 5, 1864.

MAJOR: Inclosed I have the honor to forward the reports of the brigadier-general commanding my three brigades of the fight at Parker's Store on November 29.

On the morning of that day orders from the major-general commanding to have my command supplied with ammunition as soon

