
after daylight as possible reached me at 4 a. m., and were immediately executed. Expecting further orders, I remained at my headquarters until a courier from General Stuart informed me that I would find the major-general commanding at General Gordon's or General Rosser's quarters, where he would wait for me. On my arrival at General Gordon's (in a few minutes after the message reached me), I found his brigade in motion. Ordering General Young to follow, I rode to the quarters of General Rosser and found that he had moved off.

In the absence of all orders and without any intimation of the direction or destination of Rosser's brigade, which had been taken by General Stuart (except the notice given by the major-general commanding that he proposed to attack the enemy), I followed the line of march of this brigade. Couriers whom I met on the road informed me what route had been taken by General Stuart and gave me orders to follow him. When within 2 miles of the plank road I heard firing, indicating that Rosser had attacked the enemy, and soon after General Stuart ordered me to push on rapidly. I sent General Gordon at once with one piece of artillery (the only one I could get across a bad bridge), ordering him to take a road which would bring him out on Rosser's right, and as soon as Young could cross the stream, I took him direct to Parker's Store to strike the enemy in flank. The movements of both of these brigades were successfully executed, and the enemy were at once driven back and scattered.

The accompanying reports give full particulars, and I beg to refer to them, only expressing my satisfaction at the conduct of officers and men on this occasion.

I am, very respectfully,

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.

Major-McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 155. Report of Brigadier General James B. Gordon, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS NORTH CAROLINA CAVALRY BRIGADE,December 26, 1863.

MAJOR: In reporting the operations of this brigade at Parker's Store on November 29, I have the honor to state that when within 3 miles of the scene of action I was ordered by General Hampton to move on a road intersecting the plank road running from Orange Court-House to Fredericksburg, about 1 mile east of Parker's Store, coming in on the right of General Rosser, who had attacked the enemy's camp at that place. Before reaching that point I received orders through courier from general Stuart to move up rapidly; that the enemy were pressing back General Rosser. As soon as I got up I reported to General Stuart, who directed me to attack on the right of General Rosser. I dismounted the Second North Carolina and a portion of the Fifth, all under the command of Captain Reese, Second North Carolina. The First North Carolina was held as a support for the artillery and dismounted men. The skirmishers were thrown forward.

