
At the same time Lieutenant Bamberg, with one gun of Hart's battery, opened within short range upon a column of mounted men on the plank road at the store (their sharpshooters considerably in advance). The accuracy of the range was so perfect that at the third fire the mounted men fled in confusion.

My dismounted men were ordered to charge the Yankee skirmishers, which was done in handsome style, driving them from the railroad cut across the plank road out of their camps, and scattering them through the woods, capturing a number of prisoners, some horses, overcoats, blankets, guns, and their camp equipage. A larger number of prisoners would have been captured (as my right had swung around to the right and rear of the enemy's left) had it not been for a false rumor brought in by courier that a column of Yankee infantry were moving up the plank road in my rear. I received orders from General Rosser (stating they were from General Stuart) to withdraw my command east of the plank road, which stopped the pursuit on the right.

When I arrived at the scene of action, I found General Rosser's command on the east of the railroad cut (which here runs parallel with and near the plank road) about 800 yards from Parker's Store, save one regiment on the plank road about a mile east of the store. He was falling back skirmishing with the enemy on the east of the road. The regiment down the road was not near the enemy. When I made the attack on the left, and diverted the pressure from the front, General Rosser moved forward and formed a junction with General Young, who came in on his left, and continued the pursuit some distance up the road. I was ordered to hold the road at Parker's Store, from which point I was relieved in about an hour and ordered to camp.

In the meantime, the Fifth North Carolina had been ordered back with the prisoners and most of the artillery.

I lost 2 most gallant and accomplished officers, Captain Reese and Lieutenant Copeland, of the Second North Carolina. My loss otherwise was comparatively small.

Very respectfully,

J. B. GORDON,

Brigadier-General.

Major T. G. BARKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hampton's Division.

Numbers 156. Reports of Brigadier General Thomas L. Rosser, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS ROSSER'S BRIGADE,December 7, 1863.

MAJOR: On the 25th ultimo, I learned that the Federal General Gregg was threatening my line at or near Ely's Ford with a division of cavalry, and I caused three days' rations to be prepared, my wagons held in readiness to move, horses hitched, &amp;c.

Late in the afternoon my pickets at Ely's Ford were driven in and about a regiment of cavalry crossed. As soon as this was reported

