
to me I sent a regiment to the relief of the picket, but before its arrival the enemy recrossed the river, leaving a strong picket at the ford.

Early on the morning of the 26th, I doubled my line and moved my command up in direction of Chancellorsville; but about 8 a. m. my pickets at Ely's and the Golf Mine Fords reported the enemy crossing in force and advancing toward Chancellorsville. But before I could reach Chancellorsville I was able to learn from scouts that the enemy was moving up the river. I therefore moved to Todd's Tavern, in order that I might guard the roads leading toward the Central Railroad and the flank of General Lee's army. I encamped at this point during the night, within a mile and a half of Gregg.

From scouts I learned that a large wagon train was encamped near Ely's Ford, and thinking that I would probably have on opportunity of attacking it the next morning, I concluded that, inasmuch as Gregg had so much the larger force, I having no artillery, I would let him pass, seeing that he was only moving upon the flank of Meade's army and had no idea of a raid. As soon, therefore, as the passed I moved, by way of the old Brock road, across to the plank road, where I attacked the wagon train loaded with the ordnance stores of the First and Fifth Army Corps.

This train was strongly guarded by a corps front and rear, but the flanks were exposed, and while the Twelfth and Seventh Regiments kept up a brisk skirmish with the First Corps, which was marching in rear, I succeeded in destroying 35 or 40 wagons, brought off 8 loaded with ordnance stores, 7 ambulances, 230 mules and horses, and 95 prisoners, with the loss of 2 men killed and 3 wounded.

The infantry then coming up in superior force compelled me to retire. I moved back to Todd's Tavern, where I received your order to rejoin the division.

The ordnance stores were turned over to W. S. Bell, ordnance sergeant at Hanover Junction.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS J. ROSSER,

Brigadier-General.

Major T. G. BARKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cavalry Division.

[Indorsements.]

Respectfully forwarded.

This affair reflects great credit on General Rosser, and I beg to call the attention of the major-general commanding to the inclosed report.

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,December 16, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded.

The conduct of General Rosser and his command is especially commended to the favorable notice of the commanding general.

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.

