
returned to the old railroad near the store and dismounted a few riflemen, who began firing at me at long range, but the remainder of the division arrived just at this time with artillery, and the little skirmishing which followed, being under the immediate eye of the major-general, it is unnecessary for me to mention here.

I am, major, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS L. ROSSER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major T. G. BARKER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hampton's Cavalry Division.

[Indorsements.]
HDQRS. HAMPTON'S CAVALRY DIVISION,December 16, 1863.

Approved and respectfully forwarded.

Without detracting in the smallest degree from the credit due to this brigade, I think General Rosser underestimates the services performed by the other two, the arrival of which was most timely, and whose share in this fight I regard as quite equal to that of Rosser's gallant brigade.

Very respectfully,

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,April 28, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

General Hampton's remarks are concurred in, except that in the first struggle for the store none of the other brigades participated, as explained in my report.

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.

Numbers 157. Report of Brigadier General Pierce M. B. Young, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,December 29, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit this my report of the operations of this brigade on the morning of November 29.

On the morning of November 29, about 8 o'clock, I received an order from General Hampton to move my brigade, following Generals Rosser and Gordon. I suppose I must have been an hour behind General Gordon, who had been moved on by General Stuart's order. I moved down the Catharpin road, following General Gordon's trail. About 10 a. m. we turned off to the left, moving toward the plank road. When in about 4 miles of the plank road, I was ordered by General Hampton to take up position and await the artillery. In a few minutes after this, I heard firing in the direction of Parker's Store, which I learned was General Rosser engaging the enemy.

