
General Hampton then ordered me to hurry on, he having received information from General Stuart that he was pressed and wished General Hampton to hurry on to his support. I moved on at a brisk walk and finally at a trot piloted by one of General Stuart's couriers. The firing became heavy as I advanced. I was informed that Rosser and Gordon were falling back. I soon arrived on the field, where I found one or more regiments in some confusion, who told me that they had just changed and that the enemy were pressing hard. The skirmishing was very brisk.

I immediately dismounted two regiments (the Cobb and Phillips Legions), bringing them up on the enemy's right flank, charging on foot. The First South Carolina I carried up the plank road at a trot, hoping to have an opportunity to charge. We moved on briskly under a pretty warm fire, but which did me little damage. I soon found myself in possession of the field. I was still pushing the enemy when I was ordered to withdraw my troops and cover the rear of the column.

We encamped that night at Antioch Church.

My loss in this engagement was 2 killed and 3 wounded.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. M. B. YOUNG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major T. G. BARKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 158. Report of Major General Fitzhugh Lee, C. S. Army, commanding cavalry division.
HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CAVALRY DIVISION,April 21, 1864.

MAJOR: In compliance with instructions from the major-general commanding, I have the honor to report the following operations of my command during the advance of the enemy which terminated at Mine Run:

My division moved from its camp in Madison County on the night of November 26, 1863, and relieved the corps of General Ewell in the vicinity of Morton's and Raccoon Fords, Lomax's brigade being placed at the former, Wickham's at the latter, and Chambliss' at Pisgah Church, where he was in position to watch the Upper Rapidan or support the remainder of the division. These positions were kept until I was relieved by the infantry, on December 3, when I returned to my camp.

Kilpatrick's cavalry division confronted me at Morton's and Raccoon Fords, crossing at those points on two or three occasions, but was driven back each time with the loss to me of 2 or 3 wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FITZ. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major H. B. McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps.

