
remaining 14 escaped. The alarm was given, and a squadron of cavalry immediately started in pursuit and scoured the country in the vicinity of Fayetteville and also near the bridge, but without discovering any traces of the guerrillas.

I do not consider such a small guard of any value at such an important point, as it only invites attack and does not furnish the proper means of defense.

Very respectfully, major,

CHAPMAN BIDDLE,

Colonel 121st Pa. Vols., Commanding First Brigade.

Major E. C. BAIRD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECEMBER 5, 1863.-Scout from New Berne toward Kinston, N. C.

Report of Major Floyd Clarkson, Twelfth New York Cavalry.

CAMP AT ROCKY RUN,

Near New Berne, N. C., December 5, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In accordance with permission from the colonel commanding outposts, I sent out a scouting party of 92 men, under the command of Captain C. H. Roche, A Troop, with directions to move out upon the Kinston road, learn where the enemy were, and, if possible, capture a picket of 10 men said to be near Noble's; returning to visit the Trent River, with the view of making a dash upon the enemy in or near Trenton, and re-enter our lines at the Red House.

Lieutenant Wells, of the Fifty-eighth Pennsylvania, now acting upon the staff of the colonel commanding outposts, accompanied Captain Roche, and from his knowledge of the country was of much service. They left at 4 a. m. Captain Roche reports that arriving at haskins, he halted the column, dismounted 20 men, and, with Lieutenant Wells, he took them through the swamp to the rear of the picket, said to be 1 1/2 miles above. Their guide got lost in the swamp and took the party over a much greater extent of country than was required, striking the main road 5 miles above the picket station and about 10 miles from Kinston. During their progress to the rear, the party was seen by a negro, who was at too great distance for capture, and who, as the captain has reason to believe, informed the enemy of his presence in that vicinity.

Upon his reaching the main road, he proceeded under cover of the woods in the direction of the picket, and when within 2 miles of their station ordered his party to halt. A few moments after a party of 20 of the enemy's cavalry appeared in sight, to all appearances endeavoring to find his whereabouts. When opposite to where our men were, Captain Roche directed his men to charge, and gaining the road ordered the enemy to halt. The rebels broke and ran, our boys firing, but they were too far in the swamp to make their fire effective. Captain Roche followed as rapidly as possible and got a few nose bags and haversacks. Here Lieutenant Wells left his compliments to the rebels, abolishing that picket post. Returning to his party he waited for more than an hour, hoping that he might be followed up by the rebel cavalry. He countermarched and proceeded down the road leading from Haskins to Trenton. Finding

