
Numbers 3. Report of Major Matthew H. Cryer, Sixth Ohio Cavalry.

ORLEANS, VA.,

September 1, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the force under Major Cryer, Sixth Ohio Cavalry, which was attacked this p. m., consisted of about 50 men. They were attacked by about 150 men when within about 1 1/2 miles of Barbee's Cross-Roads. The enemy were in ambush, and were deployed out the whole length of the column.

The attack was made simultaneously from the both sides of the road. On falling back they were attacked by another party of about 100, who came through the field and attempted to cut off their retreat. They cut their way through, however, losing in all 15 or 20 men. The major reports that previous to the attack his attention was attracted by another force of about 100 men, which he saw drawn up in line about 1 1/2 miles this side of Chester Gap. Major Chamberlain, who pursued the enemy toward Manassas Gap, reports that the inhabitants deny having had any knowledge of the approach of the enemy.

The following is a statement of their loss which I received this a. m., and it is greater, it will be seen, than was supposed by Major Cryer last evening: Killing, 1 enlisted man; wounded, 1 commissioned officer and 4 enlisted men; missing, 1 commissioned officer and 24 enlisted men; total, commissioned officers, 2; enlisted, 29; aggregate, 31. Horses missing, 30.

The above is the statement that was given to me by Major Cryer last evening. He is suffering from a pistol-shot wound in the knee.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. WARDELL,

Lieutenant, and Acting Adjutant.

Captain A. WRIGHT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 4. Report of Major General J. E. B. Stuart, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Corps.
HDQRS. CAV. DIV., ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,September 5, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward herewith the reports of Lieutenant Colonel E. V. White, Thirty-fifth Virginia Cavalry Battalion, of two late engagements of the enemy, which reflect great credit on that officer and his brave men.

Captain Swindler, of the Twelfth Virginia Cavalry, on detached service with his company in Rappahannock County, is active in his scouts, skirmishing almost daily with the enemy, and invariably to their discomfiture. Among the pickets on the Rappahannock activity prevails, and scarcely a might passes that we do not add to our number of horses by capture from the enemy.

On the night of the 2nd instant, Captain McDonald, Eleventh Vir-

