
nition, &amp;c.; burned over a dozen homesteads, 2 distilleries, &c. Took a number of prisoners, including 3 Confederate soldiers, provided with furloughs, some with a printed clause stipulating that they should provide themselves with horses before returning; also 4 hostages for our men taken prisoner, 3 women and 1 old man. Hanged 1 guerrilla, captured 4 large boats engaged in contraband trade, and took many horses.

We lost 7 killed, 9 wounded, 2 prisoners. One man died of poison, 3 of sickness, many were taken sick by fatigue and exposure, 9 with small-pox, many with mumps; 3 horses were fatally shot, 2 cavalry and 1 an officer's; 4 guns were lost by the swamping of a boat, 4 by the accidental conflagration of a temporary small-pox hospital, and 1 captured.

The men marched wonderfully, never grumbled, were watchful on picket, and always ready for fight. They are most reliable soldiers.

I would respectfully remark that the line of the Dismal Swamp Canal and the Pasquotank would be a much better frontier line than the one we hold, which is disjointed, rambling, and unsupported. It would not only include more territory, but would require less force to hold it, having natural defenses. The whole length of canal is protected by the Dismal Swamp; and south of Deep Creek there is no crossing, except the canal bridge at south of Deep Creek there is no crossing, except the canal bridge at South Mills, which leads over to only a limited vicinity, the road beyond traversing the swamp, and having a dozen small bridges destroyed, rendering it impassable for teams. The Pasquotank is a natural barrier, being wide and deep. There is no crossing, my bridge being now destroyed by the rebels, and no ferry-boats remaining in any part of its length.

The canal could be cleared of obstructions in twenty-four hours, so as to be put in running order. The entire navigation could be placed in complete repair in one week. The advantages of such communication would be very great. It would go further toward reclaiming the inhabitants of that region than any other measure. The only drawback or danger, arising from the guerrillas, I could rectify in two weeks of stern warfare.

The included territory comprises exceedingly productive tracts, which would be brought to bear next season, if the inhabitants could be insured against further alternation of masters and have confidence of protection. Much more might be said in favor of a frontier line to include the Chowan, Blackwater, Suffolk, &c. A very extensive territory would be gained to us and lost to the rebels-a region notoriously productive, from which the rebels have been and are at this moment drawing vast supplies for their army and for their great works. I captured one of their agents engaged in this very business, who is now in Norfolk jail. A great channel of contraband trade through our own lines would be cut off. The double line of canal communication with the sound would be freed from all suspicion of molestation, and would require no further guarding.

We should gain a tract in which there is at this moment a larger proportion of able-bodied whites than in any other part of the South, and who should be compelled to do good loyal service in return for protection. We should gain not a few black recruits, and hosts of negro families would be restored to their rights. This line, by the free use of gunboats in the Chowan, would be as easily defended as our present line, and could have been always held but for the enemy

