
in the rear, viz, guerrillas. That enemy I would now engage to exterminate in two months by means of my colored infantry-with the aid of colored cavalry, in much less time. Confidence could be rapidly restored, and the protection of the whole region would be greatly increased.

The guerrilla thrives best on neutral ground. Let there be no neutral ground between us and the enemy, and his occupation is gone. If we take this new frontier, we would attract on the lines great numbers of blacks from the region beyond, yet undrained, almost untouched.

I have spoken of contraband trade. There has been a great deal of this. Supplies from across the Banks and from Roanoke Island, landed anywhere between Elizabeth and the Chowan, found their way without obstruction to the rebels. This has been connived at by the authorities of Roanoke Island, probably for gain. Sutler's stores changed hands largely. The post sutler of Roanoke Island was implicated. Months ago I complained of these things, apparently without effect. If we occupy that country, and patrol the Chowan, this contraband trade would be choked, and a legal traffic spring up. If we do not hold the Suffolk-Chowan line, any further raiding in that country would be impracticable without ample supply of water transportation; indeed, it would be dangerous, from the liability to be cut off by a force from Richmond, which could reach us promptly, and pursue us much faster than we could move our trains of negro refugees. I am warned of this necessity by our late experience with the miserably frail and insufficient steamers assigned to our use.

The organization of the guerrillas is loose and improper, and ought not to be recognized. Governor Vance gave commissions to the officers to raise their companies, ostensibly for State defense. They are entitled "North Carolina Defenders." Each captain is his own mustering officer; musters men into the service of North Carolina, and the men are paid or expect pay, from the State only. Governor Vance supplied them with excellent arms (new Enfields) and ammunition. There appears to be some person acting as commissary near each company, to keep a small stock of provisions in camp; but the bands do not scruple to live on the inhabitants, individually and collectively. The captain is allowed to encamp where he pleases, and to operate when and where he sees fit, his proceedings being as independent, arbitrary, and irresponsible as those of any chief of bandits. The men have never been obliged to report to anybody except the captain. The captain only must go at stated intervals to Murfreesborough or to Raleigh, probably to vouch for the pay.

They are virtually bandits, armed and hired by Governor Vance. They have not defended and cannot defend their State, nor any portion of it. They can only harass us by stealing, murdering, and burning; by stopping negroes from reaching us, and by driving them over the lines, and harass their own State by plundering, terrifying, and even murdering Union citizens. There are jealous disaffections among them-not only between the individuals of a company, but between one company and another-amounting to rancor. There are jealous disaffections among them-not only between the individuals of a company, but between one company and another-amounting to rancor. There are more than enough for one regiment of infantry between Hertford and the Atlantic; also quite a large mounted force, centering about Gatesville. Of late, attempts have been made to bring them together into a regiment They are called the Sixty-sixth [Sixty-eighth] North Carolina State Troops, and the different companies are lettered.

