
Hinton to be colonel, Yellowley to be lieutenant-colonel, &amp;c. But

they will not come together. Some from the neighborhood of Hertford, variously reported from 300 to 450, with one field piece (taken at Shiloh), are gathered in an intrenched camp, about 3 1/2 miles out of Hertford, but the rest will not quit their separate localities.

Colonel Hinton's orders being disregarded, Governor Vance himself ordered them to meet. They flatly refused, and when he sent for their arms they secreted them and kept out of the way. They refused even to meet at stated intervals for regimental drill. Some of the captains are: Elliott, Sanderlin, Etheridge, Hughes, Walston, Grandy. I had planned to destroy their camp near Hertford, but was obliged to give it up for want of transportation.

We found the majority of people along our track to be reasonably neutral; that is to say, although sympathizing with the South, they were tired of the war, or weary of their own distresses and privations; harassed by the frequent alternation of masters, being plundered by both sides; or despondent of the ultimate success of the South; or convinced of the doom of slavery; or aware of the mischief arising from the presence of guerrillas in their midst; or, if really neutral, or sympathizing with the North, they were usually (and reasonably) afraid to speak their minds on account of guerrillas, &c.

But the rapid development of loyal sentiment as we progressed with our raid was really surprising, if not comforting. Several public meetings were held in Camden, Pasquotank, and Currituck, passing resolves, asking instructions, claiming protection, appointing delegates and committees, &c., taking action against guerrillas, against the rebel conscription, &c.

Without pretending to draw invidious comparisons between the mercenary disposition of the North and the chivalrous spirit of the South, it is yet curious to see how keenly the property question touches the raw. I am convinced it has always been, and will be, their controlling motive. I should depend upon it not merely to recall the doubtful and the timid to their allegiance, but also to quench the ardor of the guerrillas themselves.

The people have managed to fend off the recent conscription, in spite of the presence of guerrillas, by unanimously hanging back, by neglecting the summonses, not attending the meetings, refusing to be examined, pleading exemptions, and some by secreting themselves. They have exercised a sort of vis inertia -at least this highest been the case throughout our route. But nearer the Chowan it has been less successful. And I think that the Hertford camp is made up largely of conscripts. Lieutenant-Colonel Yellowley has been particularly busy in drumming up the conscripts, so that he has made himself very obnoxious to the people. His position is not safe.

We found some sound Union men, truly]d, some who have hired their slaves on share of profits, a few even who pay them money. They have, of course, been cautions and silent; but they have been persecuted more or less. The intensity of their feelings may be estimated by the accompanying document, marked A. This was written by a professional gentleman of excellent judgment, discretion, and experience, residing at Elizabeth. He, with all the rest, supposed that we were intending to occupy the city permanently, and he urged me to issue a proclamation and follow it up by action. He offered this as the edict. Of course I had no authority to do such a thing. I could only promise to forward it to Major-General

