
Butler. But, in case our line should be extended to the Chowan, I would recommend that his advice be taken, and that a proclamation be issued something like the annexed, marked B.

After careful inquiry, I have been able to make out a list of genuine Union citizens of Elizabeth and vicinity. I would respectfully suggest that such men deserve some extra discrimination in their favor, in the way of protection, &amp;c. A copy thereof I have the honor to annex, marked C.

Respectfully submitted.

EDWARD A. WILD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Captain GEORGE H. JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure A.]

A TIMELY WARNING.

General Butler intends to exterminate all guerrillas east of Chowan River, and will use any and all means to do so. If it cannot be done otherwise, property of all sorts will be destroyed, and the country entirely laid waste.

If citizen wish to prevent such universal destruction of their property, they must aid our authorities in ridding this country of these land pirates. It now rests with them to save themselves and property, or not. We have force now here sufficient to accomplish our purpose, and we shall immediately enter upon the work. Now is the time for the people to come forward.

[Inclosure B.]

To the inhabitants of Currituck, Pasquotank, Perquimans, Gates, and Chowan Counties:

All guerrillas are on a part with pirates, and are to be treated as such. The fact of their being paid by the State, and being called "Partisan Rangers," does not help the matter. Neither the Governor of the State nor Jefferson Davis can legalize such a style of warfare.

You will never have any rest from us so long as you keep guerrillas within your borders. It will be for your interest, therefore, to exert yourselves actively in driving them out. You can do this, not only by refusing them food, shelter, and support, but by giving information against them to the military and naval authorities at every opportunity, and by arming yourselves against them whenever possible. All slaves are now at liberty to go where they please, or to stay. By assisting them on their way with food and transportation, you can save yourselves the necessity of visitations from the colored troops.

By thus avoiding the two causes of molestation, you can preserve peace within your borders.

[Inclosure C.]

LIST OF UNION CITIZENS.

Elizabeth City: George W. Brooks, C. W. Hallowell, George D. Pool, W. G. Pool (M. D.), J. J. Grandy, Jerry Wilson, Thomas Gaskins, S. M. Chapman, John Pailing (captain), Isaiah Cartright, J. Asherr, William Stager, J. H. Zerglas, Isaiah Fearing, Sudford Cohoon, and Grand E. Sampson.

