
On the road from Nixonton to Woodville: Miles Sawyer, J. M. Price, and Butler Overman.

Up the Little River: J. S. Wood, Simeon Mundon, sr., and J. H. Perry.

Nixonton: William A. Price, John D. Markham, R. R. Smithson, and J. R. Banks.

On the road from Elizabeth to Nixonton. William Newbold (sheriff), Edward Chaucey, and W. J. Harwell.

On the road from Elizabeth to the river bridge: Gardner Sawyer, William P. Pritchard, Isaac Pritchard, Sim Pritchard, and Edward Daileys.

On the river road and in the lower part of the country: Nathan Trueblood, Joseph C. Johnson, Caleb Cartwight, William Modlin, Richard Brothers, George W. Brothers, Harry De Lon, Stephen De Lon, James B. Shaw, Simeon Rogerson, Fred Brothers, Thomas Keaton, F. M. Godfrey, John Pailing, William Pailing, Joseph Pailing, Henry Bray, James C. Banks, and Stanton Meads.

DECEMBER 7-11, 1863.-Scout in Hampshire, Hardy, Frederick, and Shenandoah Counties, and Destruction of Columbia Iron-Works, W. Va.

Report of Colonel John E. Wynkoop, Twentieth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

CAMP NEAR SPRINGFIELD, W. VA.,

December 11, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that Captain Theodore F. Singiser, commanding scouts sent our in pursuance of an order from your headquarters, has returned. His force consisted of 96 men, and with this command he marched through the counties of Hampshire, Hardy, Frederick, and Shenandoah, penetrating to a distance of 15 miles south and west of Woodstock, traveling round for the first time passed over by the Federal troops. Captain Singiser marched from this camp on Monday last, reaching the Cacapon Bridge about sunset.

On the following day he moved in the direction of Wardensville, his advance harassed by small parties of the enemy, who fired upon them from the mountain sides. Information of his approach having bene communicated, about noon of the following day he encountered the enemy's cavalry, some 25 men, commanded by Lieutenant White, of White's battalion, whom he charged and dispersed, capturing 2 of their numbers. He pushed on rapidly with his command toward the Columbian Iron-Works, which are situated 15 miles west of Woodstock and an equal distance from Mount Jackson, General Imboden's headquarters (and about 75 miles from Springfield). Here he was met by the enemy's vedettes, who were completely surprised and fell into his hands without resistance. Hurrying forward, he scattered the reserve, 3 of whom were severely wounded.

He then proceeded to destroy the iron-works, which he did most effectually, burning the structure and breaking up the engine. These works were of an extensive character, employing 35 men, and have been in operation for a long period, furnishing large quantities of material to the rebel Government. The enemy had frequently boasted that their position secured them from danger. It is believed that the loss will be keenly felt and can be but illy supplied.

