
Three miles beyond the Columbian are situated Newman's Iron-Works. Captain Singiser received information that these were guarded by 160 men, with two pieces of artillery. The strength of his command did not warrant him in attempting an assault and he made preparations to return.

At Woodstock he dispersed the rebel pickets, cut the telegraph wires, and moved on rapidly toward Strasburg, reaching there at nightfall, where he received intelligence that White, with 400 men, had started in pursuit, and was then but 8 miles in his rear. He made but a brief halt and pushed on toward Winchester, near which he bivouacked, passing through the town on the succeeding day, eluding White, and arriving safely in camp at an early hour this morning, without the loss to a single man, bringing with him 5 prisoners and a team of 7 mules marked with the government brand.

I would most respectfully commend the conduct of Captain Singiser, his officers and men, to your consideration, their exploit, in my opinion, reflecting great credit upon themselves and the regiment.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. E. WYNKOOP,

Colonel, Commanding Twentieth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Lieutenant WM. H. ROSE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECEMBER 8-25, 1863.-Raid on the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad, and Demonstrations up the Shenandoah Valley and from the Kanawha Valley.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

December 8, 1863.-Averell's command advances from New Creek, W. Va.

Scammon's command advances from the Kanawha Valley.

10, 1863.-Well's command advances from Harper's Ferry, W. Va.

11, 1863.-Skirmishes at Big Sewell and Meadow Bluff, W. Va.

Skirmish at Marling's Bottom Bridge, W. Va.

12, 1863.-Skirmish at Gatewood's, W. Va.

Skirmish at Lewisburg and Greenbrier River, W. Va.

13, 1863.-Skirmishes near Strasburg, Va.

14, 1863.-Skirmish on Blue Sulphur road, near Meadow Bluff, W. Va.

16, 1863.-Descent upon Salem, Va.

19, 1863.-Skirmish at Scott's, on Barber's Creek, Va.

Skirmishes on Jackson's River, near Covington, Va.

25, 1863.-Averell's command reaches Beverly, W. Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General F. Kelley, U. S. Army, commanding Department of West Virginia.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General William W. Averell, U. S. Army, commanding expedition to Virginia and Tennessee Railroad.

Numbers 3.-Captain Ernst A. Denicke, signal officer, U. S. Army.

Numbers 4.-Colonel Augustus Moor, Twenty-eighth Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 5.-Colonel George D. Wells, Thirty-fourth Massachusetts Infantry, commanding demonstration up the Shenandoah Valley.

