
ginia Cavalry, commanding the pickets at Rixey's Ford, crossed the river, attacked the picket, and captured 16 horses (the entire number at that post), with 1 prisoner. Major Caskie, Tenth Virginia Cavalry, has also made several similar captures.

About ten days since a party of scouts from Hampton's brigade, under Hogan, captured the entire mail of Kilpatrick's division en route from Catlett's Station to Hartwood Church, showing that this division was encamped near Hartwood, and other valuable information, which has been forwarded to the commanding general.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.

Brigadier General R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,September 9, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded, for the information of the Department.

Colonel White is entitled to great praise for his boldness and good management.

R. E. LEE,

General.

Numbers 5. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Elijah V. White, Thirty-fifth Virginia Cavalry Battalion.

AUGUST 29, 1863.

GENERAL: The enemy commenced picketing the river about ten days ago; 125 cavalry (Scott's Nine Hundred) were stationed at Edwards Ferry. I crossed the Potomac at White's Ford with 100 men on the night of the 27th; passed his patrols without being detected, and attacked him in strong fortifications situated on William Poole's farm, opposite Edwards Ferry.

Though being prepared, owing to an attack made by some party upon the canal-boats, I drove them from their fortifications, the greater part retreating down the river; followed them within a mile of Seneca; killed 2, wounded 2 severely, captured 16 prisoners, and 35 horses and mules.

I cannot speak too highly of the officers and men, all behaving as became Confederate soldiers. The ditch around the fortifications was 8 feet wide. Many horses fell in while crossing, others were compelled to dismount before they could urge their horses over. I had 1 man wounded.

I received a note this morning, purporting to be from you, ordering the arrest of Asey Bond. As there is no name signed to it, I inclose the same to know if it was written by you; is so, it will afford me pleasure to serve you in that way. I think something should be done to have Mr. Ball released. No one has suffered more, nor is there a better citizen in the county. He has been persuaded by his physician and friends to take the oath, though he refuses to do so

