
In additional, Colonel Moor, Twenty-eighth Ohio Infantry, with two regiments of infantry, was ordered on the 7th of December to report to General Averell, and to move forward from Beverly to Droop Mountain, for the purpose of seconding the expected attack on Lewisburg by the forces under General Scammon.

In conformity to orders, Brigadier-General Averell, whose detailed report is herewith submitted, moved from New Creek, on the morning of the 8th of December, with four regiments and a battalion of mounted troops and Ewing's battery. On the 10th, he was joined by Colonel thoburn at Petersburg, Hardy County, and the united command marched southward until near Monterey, in Highland County. The greater portion of the train was here left in charge of Colonel Thoburn, who, with his force, took the road to McDowell.

On the 12th, General Averell, with his column, took a secluded road down Back Creek, and during the second day's march fell upon and dispersed the rear guard of the rebel (Jackson's) force, which was retreating before the advance of Colonel Moor, toward Droop Mountain. Four wagons loaded with ammunition and commissary stores were captured and destroyed on this occasion. Upon his arrival at Callaghan's General Averell was informed of the occupation of Lewisburg by General Scammon's forces, and the consequent retreat of Echols toward Union. After making a false advance toward Covington General Averell moved from Callaghan's by an obscure road up Dunlap's Creek to the Sweet Springs. At this place he learned that General Echols was encamped 4 miles north of union, and that General Scammon had retired from Lewisburg.

The capture of a rebel quartermaster in this vicinity assured General Averell that his movements were as yet unsuspected. From the Sweet Springs he marched eastward toward New Castle, halted to feed and rest 12 miles from that place. Having sent a squadron to make a false advance on the Fincastle road, he passed through New Castle during the night, and entered Salem with his advanced guard about 10 o'clock on the morning of the 16th. With such admirable skill and secrecy had this march been conducted, that the appearance of our troops was a complete surprise to the inhabitants of Salem, and General Averell found there large depots of military stores without any guard whatever.

Shortly after his occupation of the place, he was advised of the approach of a train of cars loaded with troops of the enemy. As the main body of his force was not yet within supporting distance, and his advance guard consisted of only 350 men and a section of artillery, he thought it imprudent to permit the nearer approach of this train, and accordingly opened on it with his artillery, and drove it back. When the main force arrived he sent parties 4 miles to the eastward and 12 miles to the westward, who destroyed vie important bridges, and damaged the railroad track between those points as extensively as their limited time permitted. Meanwhile, he burned the depot buildings in the town, destroying an immense quantity of commissary, quartermaster, and ordnance stores accumulated for the use of General Longstreet's army.

Having thus successfully accomplished his mission, at 4 p. m. on the same day General Averell started northward, returning by the same route that he had advanced. As his column had marched the last 80 miles of their journey in thirty hours, both men and animals were much exhausted, and in consequence he encamped for the night 7 miles from Salem. A severe rain-storm commenced the same even-

