
ing, which continued during the ensuing day and night, rendering Craig's Creek (which the column was obliged to cross frequently on the march of the 17th) a dangerous and almost impracticable torrent. By extraordinary exertions, however, the artillery and wagons were saved, and on the evening of the 18th the command reached New Castle, with damaged ammunition and otherwise in bad condition.

Here General Averell received information that Fitzhugh Lee, with his brigade of cavalry, was at Fincastle, and that Samuel Jones was in force on the Sweet Springs road. At 9 p. m. he made a feint advanced toward Fincastle, and then with his column took the Sweet Springs road. In this direction he presently met the enemy's pickets, and drove them 12 miles to the junction of the Sweet Springs and Fincastle turnpike. Here a halt was ordered, camp fires built and left burning, while the column moved northeastward by an unfrequented road leading directly toward Covington.

At a point 8 miles from Covington our troops encountered the enemy about 300 strong, routed him, and pursued so closely that he was prevented from destroying the bridges over Jackson's River, although combustibles had been prepared for that purpose. The possession of these bridges (one 5 miles distant from, and the other immediately at, the town of Covington) was essential to the safety of General Averell's command, as Jackson's River was greatly swollen and covered with floating ice. In this vicinity a dispatch from Major General Samuel Jones to Major-General Early was captured, which betrayed the plans, positions, and forces of the enemy, and indicated to General Averell the mode of counteracting them, an advantage which was promptly and successfully used.

After the main body of our forces had crossed the first bridge, the baggage train was assailed by Colonel Jackson, who captured their ambulances, some sick, and about 100 men. The bridge was then burned by our troops, thus cutting off the regiment which formed the rear guard. The baggage train, which was very small, was destroyed under orders, to prevent its falling into the enemy's hands, and the regiment rejoined the command by swimming the river, losing only 4 or 5 men drowned.

The following day the command concentrated at Callaghan's, and from thence crossed the Alleghany Ridge, striking Antony's Creek between White Sulphur Springs and Huntersville, and on the 21st, by a very obscure route, reached and crossed the Greenbrier River opposite Hillsborough, encamping that night at the northern base of Droop Mountain. On the 24th, General Averell with his command reached Beverly, after a march of 400 miles, altogether one of the most difficult and hazardous that has been yet accomplished by any troops.

Brigadier-General Scammon, who was ordered to press the enemy from the west for the purpose of diverting his attention from the movements of General Averell, advanced from the Kanawha and occupied Lewisburg on the 12th, driving out Echols, and capturing a few prisoners. He then fell back to Meadow Bluff with his main body, leaving General Duffie with his cavalry and a section of artillery at Lewisburg. Disturbed by the operations of guerrillas in his rear and rumors of re-enforcements to the enemy in front, he retired with his whole force to the Kanawha earlier than was contemplated in his orders.

In accordance with the general plan, Colonel Moor with his infantry advanced from Beverly to Droop Mountain, and forwarded

