
a messenger to communicate with General Scammon at Lewisburg. This messenger having been captured by guerrillas, he ordered Lieutenant Adams with 20 cavalry to force his way through. On reaching Lewisburg this officer found the town nearly deserted and could hear nothing definite of General Scammon. He returned to Colonel Moor on the 14th, reported that he had been fired on by the enemy in the outskirts of Lewisburg as he left. Failing to communicate with General Scammon, and perceiving that parties of the enemy were blocking up the road in his rear, he retired, carrying with him our wounded left in the vicinity of Droop Mountain after the battle of November 6, and reached Beverly on the 17th, skirmishing on the march with guerrillas, and capturing 8 prisoners.

Colonel Thoburn, after separating from General Averell on the 12th, near Monterey, moved to the left, and threatened Staunton by way of McDowell. Having successfully assisted in attracting the enemy's attention to that point, he returned without molestation to his original position at Petersburg, bringing with him General Averell's wagon train, and carrying out his instructions in the most satisfactory manner.

The column sent by Brigadier-General Sullivan up the Valley of the Shenandoah first encountered the enemy at Strasburg, and drove him back, after sharp skirmishing, in which we took some 30 prisoners. Occupying Harrisonburg according to instructions, Colonel Wells, Thirty-fourth Massachusetts Infantry, commanding, threatened Staunton, completely deceiving the enemy, holding Imboden with 1,200 men on guard, and for several days diverting the forces of Generals Fitzhugh Lee and Early from the movements of Averell.

The enemy attempted to cut off this detachment by sending Colonel Rosser with a brigade of cavalry to fall upon its rear by way of Front Royal. A counter movement was made by General Meade, by sending General Gregg with a cavalry brigade to Luray. Owing to the swollen condition of the Shenandoah River the movement made by Rosser failed, while General Gregg entered Luray, destroyed some rebel property, and retired without meeting the enemy in force.

The command of Colonel Wells retired to its original position at

Charlestown and Harper's Ferry, arriving on the same day that General Averell reached Beverly (24th), having killed, wounded, and captured a number of the enemy, and having materially assisted in the successful accomplishment of the general plan.

The results of this combined movement have been highly satisfactory and important, inflicting a loss on the enemy of not less than 400 men, an immense amount of provisions, material, and machinery, and the cutting off for a number of weeks of his most important line of communication.

The behavior of the troops has been most commendable, and the conduct of the different movements (with some exceptions) all that could have bene desired. The brigade of General Averell, to which was assigned the most difficult and hazardous duty, has, in its successful accomplishment of that duty, won unfading laurels, while its admirable good conduct toward the peaceful inhabitants of the country, and its heroic endurance of fatigue and privation, add luster to the glory of its success.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General G. W. CULLUM,

Chief of Staff, Hdqrs. Army, Washington, D. C.

