
During the march of two days to Petersburg, constant exertions were made to complete the shoeing of the horses, but lack of means and material rendered it impracticable to attain the desired object. At Petersburg, on the 10th, the command of Colonel Thoburn, about 700 strong, joined mine, and together were proceeded southward, arriving nearly at Monterey on the 11th. The most of my train was placed in charge of Colonel Thoburn, and, on the morning of the 12th, my command and his started in a severe and discouraging rain-storm, Thoburn toward McDowell and my command down Back Creek.

The secluded road which runs along and across this now swollen stream was pursued the ensuing day without any incident worthy of note until our arrival at Gatewood's, where the rear guard of Jackson's forces, flying from the advance of Moor, was encountered and dispersed, and 4 wagons destroyed, loaded with ammunition and stores.

The storm continued on the 14th, and Jackson's River was found hardly fordable. Upon arriving at Callaghan's, reports reached us that Scammon had advanced and occupied Lewisburg, and that the rebel forces, commanded by General Echols, had retired toward Union, under orders from Major General Sam. Jones. We halted a few hours to rest and feed the animals, and to make a false advance in the direction of Covington.

At 2 a. m., December 15, the column was in motion upon a dark and difficult road, which runs up Dunlap Creek to the pike, connecting the White with the Sweet Sulphur Springs. We reached the beautiful valley of the sweet Sulphur about 10 a. m., and halted two hours, availing ourselves of the plentiful forage found there.

It may not be unimportant to note that all the springs in Western Virginia are excellently well suited for quartering troops; the buildings are numerous, spacious, and symmetrical; the main roads approaching them are reliable at all seasons. At each of the springs I have visited (Warm Springs, Hot Springs, White Sulphur, Red Sulphur, and Sweet Springs), at least 5,000 troops may find comfortable, even elegant quarters. The grade upon the Virginia Central Railroad is nearly finished from Millborough to the Greenbrier River. When rails are laid upon that portion, and a few small bridges built, forces at the springs could be easily and conveniently supplied via Charlottesville.

At the Sweet Springs it was learned the Echols' forces were encamped 4 miles from Union, to the northward, and that General Scammon had retired from Lewisburg. The road to New Castle was taken at 1 p. m., and near the summit of the Sweet Springs Mountain a rebel quartermaster met us and was captured, which assured me that our advance was unknown as yet to the enemy.

From the top of this mountain a sublime spectacle was presented to us. Seventy miles to the eastward the Peaks of Otter reared their summits above the Blue Ridge, and all the space between was filled with a billowing ocean of hills and mountains, while behind us the great Alleghanies, coming from the north with the grandeur of innumerable tints, swept past and faded in the southern horizon.

When within 12 miles of New Castle another halt was made to feed and rest, while a squadron advanced toward Fincastle, conveying to the enemy a false impression, and bringing to us 60 horses and some prisoners. New Castle was passed during the night, and efforts were made to reach Salem by daylight in the morning. A

