
and great exertion and skill wee required to save them. In the river and in the rain forty-eight hours, it was impracticable to keep our ammunition dry, and my command, drenched, muddy, and hungry, arrived at New Castle about sundown on the 18th, in miserable condition to make the march before us.

Information that Fitzhugh Lee was at Fincastle reached me at New Castle, and that Jones was between me and the Sweet Springs. At 9 p. m., while a false advance was made toward Fincastle, my column took the road to the Sweet Springs. We soon encountered and drove the enemy's pickets about 12 miles to the junction of the road with the Fincastle pike to the Sweet Springs. The command halted and built camp fires.

The condition of my ammunition made it prudent for me to avoid a fight. It was evident from a survey of the enemy's positions that I could not get to the Sweet Springs without a contest, and that with Lee only a few miles to my right and rear. Two ways were left, both difficult and obscure; one to the southwest, leading around Jones' right, through Monroe and Greenbrier Counties; the other, northeast to the Covington and Fincastle pike, which I took, as it was the most direct and dangerous, consequently the safest, if I could only make the march.

We left our camp fires burning and went forward in the darkest and coldest night we had yet experienced. Thirty miles through the forest and frost brought us to the Fincastle pike about noon of the 19th. It was yet 15 miles to the bridge. The river was reported unfordable on account of the depth of the water and the obstructions formed by the ice. I had carefully calculated the possible marches of the enemy, and felt certain that we could make the march through the points they deemed most secure, but no halt could be made.

When 8 miles from the river a force of 300 mounted rebels opposed our advance. As soon as they were broken they were closely pursued at a gallop to the first bridge, 5 miles below Covington, and thence to the bridge at Covington, both of which were saved from destruction, although faggots had been piled upon them ready to burn. The head of my column reached the first bridge about 9 p. m., and 3 officers and 6 orderlies were sent back to keep it closed up.

The approach to the river is through a gorge which opens to the stream a mile below the first bridge. There the pike from Covington passes along the right bank of Clifton Forge and Jackson's River Depot, where Jackson was supposed to be with about 1,000 men. I sent a company upon the road to Clifton Forge, with orders to dismount and move out three-fourths of a mile, and hold the road until the column had passed.

A captured dispatch from Major General Sam. Jones to Major-General Early, at Millborough, confirmed my opinion with regard to the position of the enemy, and gave me the information that General Early's division had been added to the forces opposed to my return. The dispatch is as follows:

ON TOP OF THE SWEET SPRINGS MOUNTAIN,

December 19, 1863-7 a. m.

GENERAL: The enemy drove in the pickets about 12 miles from here, near Mrs. Scott's, in the direction of New Castle, about 2 o'clock this morning. General Echols was a strong position here, and I think can effectually block this way to them. To avoid him, I think it probable that the enemy may attempt to escape by Covington or by Clifton Forge. Colonel Jackson's troops are at Clifton Forge. I

59 R R-VOL XXIX, PT I

