
[Inclosure, Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Cumberland, Md., December 5, 1863.

General AVERELL:

SIR: You will proceed with all your available force now at New Creek, without delay, via Petersburg, Franklin, and Monterey, and then by the most practicable route to the line of the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad and Bonsack's Station, in Botetourt County, or Salem, in Roanoke County, or, by dividing the command, move on both points at the same time, as you may deem most expedient, and destroy all the bridges, water-stations, and depots on the railroad in that neighborhood, and otherwise injure and destroy the road as far as possible by removing the rails and rendering them useless by heating and bending them. Colonel Thoburn, First [West] Virginia Infantry, commanding brigade, will report to you at Petersburg with two regiments of infantry and a section of artillery for the expedition. This force you will take with you to Monterey, or to such other point as you may deem best, and leave it to guard your train and await your return.

You will take with you fifteen days' rations of hard bread, sugar, coffee, and salt, and will rely upon the country through which you pass for forage and beef cattle. For these proper couchers will be given by the proper officers; such vouchers to state the circumstances connected with the taking, and specify that payment will be made therefor upon satisfactory evidence of the owner's loyalty to the United States Government. Should more cattle be found than is necessary for the support of the command while on the march, such surplus cattle will also be taken (and for which similar vouchers will be given) and sent to some convenient point on or near the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.

Interference with private property by soldiers of the command while on the expedition should not be permitted.

After having accomplished the object of the expedition, you will return to the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, at any point you may think best between Harper's Ferry and New Creek.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Captain Ernst A. Denicke, Signal Officer, U. S. Army.

SIGNAL DETACHMENT, DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,

Martinsburg, W. Va., January 1, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit to you the following report of the services rendered by this detachment during General W. W. Averell's expedition to Southwestern Virginia:

The troops commenced their march from New Creek, W. Va., on the 8th of December. My detachment consisted of 3 officers, 4 flagmen, and 8 guards.

On the evening of the fourth day, the general commanding desired me to prepare a rocket code for certain messages, and to send 1 offi-

