
cer with his men to join Colonel Thoburn's column, which from this point took up a different line of march. In the morning I ordered Second Lieutenant M. C. F. Denicke to report for this duty. I furnished him with a copy of the prepared code and a number of rockets and puffs.

It was understood that at certain times, known to General Averell and Colonel Thoburn, observatory stations were to be placed for the purpose of signaling with rockets, &amp;c., after the previously arranged code.

On the 14th of December our advance came up with a force of the enemy at Gatewood's. The enemy immediately ordered an attack. The enemy were routed, leaving in our hands a number of prisoners, quartermaster stores, arms, &c. On this occasion I was ordered by the general commanding to observe and report the strength of the rebels, which I did. During this engagement, Second Lieutenant A. C. Merritt and myself advanced with the lines of skirmishers, observing the movements of the enemy, &c.

The column then marched so rapidly that nothing could be done by the detachment of signal corps until December 18, when the command arrived at New Castle. There the enemy were reported in our immediately vicinity in different positions. Here I established a line of communications by signals, by order of General Averell, from headquarters at New Castle to the summit of Jones' Creek Mountain, where our extreme advance was posted. This line did excellent service by saving much time in transmitting intelligence brought in by scouts, and making it unnecessary to send couriers over a road much infested by bushwhackers.

While crossing Craig's Creek, the wagon belonging to the signal detachment was destroyed, with others, by order of the brigade quartermaster. It contained all the stores that could not be carried by the flagmen, and consequently all the rockets and other signal stores were lost. This, of course, prevented me from communicating with the signal officer accompanying Colonel Thoburn, as previously arranged, and so General Averell was completely cut off from all communication with any of the forces that were to co-operate with him.

Had some of my men been provided with water-proof cases, for the purpose of carrying rockets, &c., I could have brought them on horseback, and opened the much desired communication. I carried them on horseback through several creeks which had to be forded, but they were so damaged by a heavy rain, in spite of wrapper consisting of an india-rubber poncho, that I was forced to return them to the more secure places in the wagons.

The march from New Castle was again taken up with great rapidity, and no occasion for further signaling occurred.

Second Lieutenant M. C. F. Denicke, with the forces commanded by Colonel Thoburn, established five stations of observation, both watching for rockets from us and observing movements of the enemy. He discovered their rockets and signals on several occasions.

I have the honor to be, sir, respectfully, yours,

E. A. DENICKE,

Captain, Chief Signal Officer, Commanding Detachment.

OFFICER COMMANDING CAMP OF INSTRUCTION,

Georgetown, D. C.

