
Numbers 4. Report of Colonel Augustus Moor, Twenty-eighth Ohio Infantry.

CUMBERLAND, MD., December 18, 1863.

(Received 11.07 p. m.)

Brigadier-General CULLUM,

Chief of Staff:

The following telegram received from Colonel Moor, who was ordered from Beverly with two regiments to threaten Lewisburg from the north, while General Scammon approached from the west, and to bring in our wounded from the late battle-field of Droop Mountain:

BEVERLY, W. VA., December 17, 1863.

SIR: Arrived with my command this p. m. According to instructions I moved toward Frankford on the route to communicate with General Scammon, at Lewisburg. My first messenger was captured by the organized home guard. I was unable to persuade another to go voluntarily, and was compelled to order Lieutenant Adams, with my available cavalry-20 men-to force his way to Lewisburg. he arrived there at midnight, and found the town nearly deserted. Found that General Scammon had gone west at 2 o'clock on the 13th, after the cannonading at the Greenbrier on the day before. The lieutenant returned safe at 4 a. m. on the 14th, receiving a running fire of the enemy on the outskirts of the town.

Having obtained news of a movement to cut me off, I started for Hillsborough at once, took away our wounded and some forage, and marched 26 miles to Elk Mountain, where I found a blockade of felled trees and rocks at the steepest ascent of 1 mile. I took possession of the mountain top, and had every ax employed before dawn next morning, and had my way open by 1 a. m., and moved steadily on. Had some skirmishing; captured 1 lieutenant and 7 men, sustaining no loss whatever.

Your obedient servant,

A. MOOR,

Colonel.

Captain T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 5. Reports of Colonel George D. Wells, Thirty-fourth Massachusetts Infantry, commanding demonstration up the Shenandoah Valley.

CHARLESTOWN, W. VA.,

December 10, 1863-11.30 a. m.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report my command through Charlestown, numbering:

Thirty-fourth Massachusetts Infantry: Officers, 23; men, 568.

Twelfth [West] Virginia Infantry: Officers, 21; men, 380.

Seventeenth Indiana Battery: Officers, 2; men, 75.

First [West] Virginia Battery: Officers, 2; men, 30.

Wagons, 54; ambulances, 5.

Colonel Boyd will take with him about 700 men. The wagon train is fearful. I shall overhaul and reduce it to-night, and send back many on Sunday. I purpose again reducing it just before leaving Strasburg and after the arrival of the forage train.

