
some days, and was then encamped at Mount Crawford. This state of facts being so different from that contemplated in my instructions, and feeling certain of being intercepted if the river should fall, I consulted with Colonel Boyd, and decided to withdraw the infantry to New Market, leaving the cavalry to mask the movements and continue the feint on Staunton as long as possible. I moved after dark and reached New Market before morning, and the next day Edenburg, thus covering the roads leading to Luray Gap.

Colonel Boyd joined me at Edenburg. He reported that early and Lee moved on Harrisonburg on the 21st; that the cavalry advanced with great caution until they reached the place where my artillery had been, evidently supposing me to be still there; that they then closed on him, driving him out of town about noon on the 21st, and followed him closely, with frequent skirmishing, as far as Mount Jackson.

This morning we have not been molested, except by a small party of guerrillas, who rendezvoused at Mount Jackson. I learned at Edenburg that Rosser, together with considerable infantry and artillery of Ewell's corps, unable to cross at Front Royal, moved to Thornton's Gap on the 20th, and I am told here that he succeeded in crossing at New Market on the 21st, the same day I passed through. I have certainly outmarched any infantry force, if any has followed me, and cavalry alone could do nothing with this command except to delay it. I shall move toward and beyond Winchester to-morrow. The men are in excellent health and spirits, and averse to halting to-day. They want to get home. Some, however, are very foot-sore and many barefooted.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. WELLS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain WILLIAM M. BOONE, Asst. Adjt. General

Numbers 6. Report of Brigadier General Eliakim P. Scammon, U. S. Army, commanding demonstration from the Kanawha Valley.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Cumberland, Md., December 16, 1863.

(Received 8.30 p. m.)

Brigadier General G. W. CULLUM:

Chief of Staff:

I herewith transmit a copy of telegram received from Brigadier-General Scammon, in which he advises me that he attacked the enemy at Lewisburg on the 12th, as directed, and drove him across Greenbrier River. I fear, however, that his attack was not as vigorous and as sudden as it might have been, or the enemy would not have been able to have saved his artillery and trains. Nevertheless, it will have the desired effect of attracting the attention of the enemy from General Averell. A guerrilla band of 200 or 300 appeared in the Kanawha Valley a few days since, but accomplished nothing; are now retreating. I send copy of Colonel Comly's telegram on the subject.*

---------------

*See p. 977.

---------------

