
AUGUST 30 - SEPTEMBER 2, 1863.- Expeditions to Leesburg, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Colonel Thomas C. Devin, Sixth New York Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade, First Cavalry Division.

Numbers 2.- Colonel James B. Swain, Eleventh New York Cavalry, Department of Washington.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Thomas C. Devin, Sixth New York Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade, First Cavalry Division.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,September 2, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In the absence of Brigadier-General Buford, commanding First Cavalry Division, I have the honor to report that the brigade under my command left camp* on Sunday, August 30, at 8 a. m., with orders to proceed to Leesburg and drive Imboden out of that town, and, if he did not outnumber me too much, to administer to him a sound thrashing, and, on my return, to "take care" of any guerrillas parties I might hear of.

In compliance with those instructions, I marched to Bristoe, thence to Gainesville and Hay Market, and thence to a point within 3 miles of Aldie, where I halted at 6 p. m. to rest and feed men and hordes.

At 11 p. m., leaving my camp fires burning, I started for Ball's Mills on Goose Creek, leaving Aldie on my left. I had, on encamping, picketed the roads in that direction so that none could pass. Crossing the creek, I marched to a point within 1 1/2 miles of Leesburg, where I arrived at 3.30 a. m., and made my dispositions.

At daybreak I sent two squadrons of Ninth New York to the wooded side of the town to guard that exit, and charged into the place by the other three approaches, having previously placed Heaton's battery in positions commanding all the open front. Had there been any force there as reported we would certainly have dispersed or captured a greater portion of it. As it turned out there were no troops in the town. Imboden had not been there at all. White had left on Saturday from his camp near the town, which we overhauled.

I picketed all approaches and sent a detachment of Ninth New York across Hog-Back Mountain to scour the country in that direction, returning near Mount Gilead. No trace of the enemy could be found, but a troop of cavalry appeared on the east front of the town, with skirmishers advanced. Captain Ayres, of Ninth New York, who with his troop was picketing that front, endeavored to get in their rear, but they retreated when he charged and chased them to the Potomac. They were found to be a troop of Scott's Nine Hundred.

I left Leesburg at 12 m., and crossing Goose Creek marched to Gum Springs, where I halted and encamped for the night. At 7 a.l m. the next morning (Tuesday), I left camp and marched by Arcola post-office to near Aldie, and sent four squadrons Ninth New York (Colonel Sackett commanding), with instructions to march by the

---------------

*At Cedar Run, Va.

---------------

