
MEADOW BLUFF, W. VA.,

December 14, 1863.

Reached Lewisburg Saturday, 2 p. m. Duffie in advance, with Lieutenant Blazer's company, Ninety-first. Twelfth and Ninety-first skirmishing in front. Hayes, with Fifth [West] Virginia, a part of Twenty-third, and White, with Twelfth and Ninety-first, and two section of artillery, following. Enemy's scouts assailed our skirmishers on Big Sewell, and kept it up from point to point to Greenbrier River, with few casualties. Two of ours wounded and 4 captured. On the part of the enemy know of but 1 killed and 3 or 4 wounded. We have a dozen or more prisoners, including the ordnance officer of Echols' staff. Enemy had the Twenty-second, Edgar's and Derrick's battalions, Fourteenth Cavalry, and fifteen pieces of artillery.

Ordered Duffie in pursuit, hoping to cut off train, but crossing was defended by artillery. Major [Carey], with the Twelfth and one section of McMullin's battery, pushed on to crossing of Greenbrier River, and after exchanging a hundred shots, with little result, night ended the affair. Enemy said they were ordered not to fight at Lewisburg. Learn that the Forty-fifth and Thirty-sixth [Virginia Infantry] were en route to re-enforce Echols. Enemy lest on White Sulphur road yesterday. Left Duffie's brigade at Lewisburg, with one section of artillery, and moved to Meadow Bluff, with part of First and Second Brigades.

Bushwhackers are active between this and Gauley. Mail with this dispatch could not get through. Send this by stronger escort. Am anxious about Valley of Kanawha. Troops were in excellent order, but have been marching through mud two days, exposed to a cold rain. Enemy are evidently hanging on our right flank. The Twelfth took 4 cavalry horses and equipments on the road this afternoon. Riders, supposed to be enemy's vedettes, came off Blue Sulphur road.

E. P. SCAMMON,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier-General KELLEY.

B. F. KELLEY.

Numbers 7. Report of Lieutenant Harrison G. Otis, Twelfth Ohio Infantry, of skirmish (14th) on the Blue Sulphur Road near Meadow Bluff, W. Va.

FAYETTE COURT-HOUSE,

December 18, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report:

On the 14th instant, while the regiment was encamped at Meadow Bluff, on its return from Lewisburg, I was ordered to picket the Blue Sulphur road. I accordingly proceeded with my command to a point on that road about 2 1/2 miles from Meadow Bluff and established my headquarters in a vacant house, with pickets in advance. A few hours later, and immediately after my position had been inspected by the commanding officer of the brigade, I discovered rebels lurking in the woods in the rear of my post. I immediately made preparation to receive them, and the post was at once attacked by what afterward proved to be Thurmond's guerrillas, who fired from the cover of trees and bushes, killing 2 and wounding 4 of my command. I promptly returned the fire, and very soon drove the rebels. They retreated through the woods out of sight, leaving behind 1 killed and 1 wounded, Lieutenant John T. Ross, of Captain Bill Thurmonds' band.

It becomes by disagreeable duty to report the bad conduct of certain men of my command who deserted their post at the very outset of the affair, abandoned their comrades in the face of the enemy, fled in consternation to the woods, and finally appeared in camp, some of them without arms or accouterments, and spreading the wildest tales of disaster and defeat.

