
their ammunition, and are traveling in haste. I have seen this morning a large fire in the direction of Jackson's River Depot or Bridge.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, February-, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward with this the reports of Brigadier-General Echols, Colonel McCausland,* and Colonel W. L. Jackson, of the movement of the troops of their commands between December 12 and 21 last, between which dates Brigadier-General Averell made a raid to Salem, together with the reports of Major J. C. Green, post quartermaster, and Captain James Wade, post commissary of subsistence, at Salem, of the destruction by the enemy of the public property in that place.

On December 12, I received information from General Echols and Colonel Jackson that the enemy was moving from the Kanawha and Beverly on Lewisburg. Lewisburg is so situated that a small brigade (such as General Echols commanded) could not resist a combined movement from the Kanawha and Beverly in superior force. Anticipating that such a move would be made, I had previously directed General Echols, in event of such a movement, to withdraw his brigade south of the Greenbrier River.

When General Echols informed me of this movement, I directed him to carry out my previous instructions, which he did, and I ordered Colonel McCausland with his brigade from the Narrows to re-enforce General Echols this side of the Greenbrier River, and telegraphed Colonel W. L. Jackson to take position at Callaghan's. At the same time I telegraphed you of the movement, asking for assistance, and also telegraphed General Lee, informing him of the movement, and urging him to send me assistance via Covington. I received no reply from you. General Lee replied y telegraph, suggesting that I should inform General Lee replied by telegraph, suggesting that I should inform General Longstreet of the movement against me, and see if he could not advance against the enemy.

I joined General Echols and Colonel McCausland on the night of the 14th. Their troops were concentrated at Pickaway Plains, about 4 miles beyond Union, to which point Echols had withdrawn his brigade, skirmishing with the enemy. I ascertained that Brigadier-Generals Scammon and Duffie had reached Lewisburg and its vicinity with six regiments of infantry and cavalry and a battery of six pieces of artillery, and that another brigade had reached Greenbrier Bridge, in Pocahontas County, and was advancing on Lewisburg.

On the 15th, I received information from Colonel Jackson that he was informed of the movement against Lewisburg, and that he was not threatened in front or on his right. I supposed that the movements from the Kanawha and from Beverly were all that I had to meet, and I was prepared to meet them. Later in the day I received information from Colonel Jackson that he had been driven from Warm Springs, his retreat to Callaghan's intercepted, and that he was falling back toward Covington. A few hours later I received information that General Averell had passed Callaghan's, and was

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

