
returning by the route he had gone, drove in our pickets from Scott's, on Barber's Creek, and followed them to the top of Middle Mountain, 7 miles from Sweet Springs Mountain. The weather being excessively cold and the troops, having no shelter, had large fires, which disclosed their position. From this and from other information which I believe General Averell had, he abandoned the route over Sweet Springs Mountain and immediately moved down Barber's Creek to Covington. I had no doubt that it was his intention to escape via Covington, and as little doubt that General Early had placed a force at that point which, together with Colonel Jackson's command, would effectually bar that exit to General Averell.

All the streams were high, the weather was severely cold, and I had information that General Averell had already suffered severely on his retreat, and that his command was in no condition to overcome any serious opposition, and I felt confident that between General Early and myself the enemy would be captured or destroyed. I thought that if he attempted to pass Covington General Early and Colonel Jackson would prevent him, and if he attempted to retrace his steps and escape via Sweet Springs, I was confident that General Echols' brigade would destroy him. He escaped with considerable loss by way of Covington, Callaghan's, and Ugly's [Ogle's] Creek.

I have heard unofficially that not only Major-General Early, but Major General Fitzhugh Lee was sent to capture Averell. I was not informed either by the War Department or General Lee of the movements of these generals. I knew nothing of General Early's movements more than I have already stated, and nothing whatever of General Fitzhugh Lee's.

In this raid Averell reached Salem without coming within the limits of my department, which is designated as the Trans-Alleghany, or Western, Department of Virginia.

I have the gratification of reporting that the troops of my command exhibited the greatest enthusiasm and eagerness to meet the enemy. They were badly clad, and some of them without shoes, and yet they pressed forward and endured with cheerfulness and alacrity several days' exposure to the coldest and most inclement weather I have known during this winter.

It will be seen by the reports of Major Green* and Captain Wade that the loss of Government stores at Salem was small. The damage done the railroad was repaired in three or four days. The railroad was rather improved than injured by the raid, as the few small bridges burned were in such condition that they were scarcely safe, and would have required rebuilding very soon.

General Averell's loss on the expedition is not accurately known, but from the best information I have, it will not fall short of 700 or 800 in killed, wounded, drowned, frozen, and captured. All of his baggage and ambulance train and caissons, with many horses and arms, were captured or destroyed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjt. and Insp. Genl., C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.

---------------

*Major J. C. Green's report (omitted) is a statement in detail of quartermaster's property lost and destroyed, the total value being estimated by him at $107,537.57.

---------------

60 R R-VOL XXIX, PT I

