
Bridge been completed, Early's troops would have been here and Averell captured.

I am, very respectfully,

EDWARD McMAHON,

Major, and Quartermaster.

[P. S.]-Let me know by return courier who takes this note to Major Green and awaits your answer, as I want to make arrangements about the boats before I leave here, if it is your pleasure to have them made.

The points marked culverts are stone bridges, under which the roads pass the railroads at these points. Our picket was driven in through the culvert at Mr. Karner's, the Yankees occupying the road down to Allen's culvert, and of course Jackson then could send no orders to Captain McAllister to burn the bridge. If he did not intend to meet the enemy, but to fall upon his rear, why was the picket not instructed to fall back, one-half to Jackson and the other to McAllister, with instructions to burn the bridge?

Numbers 9. Report of Brigadier General John Echols, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, ARMY OF SOUTHWESTERN VA. AND EAST TENN.,December 28, 1863.

MAJOR: In compliance with the order contained in your letter of the 27th instant, I furnish the following report of my movements in the recent raid to the railroad by General Averell's force:

On the 9th instant, I ordered Captain Philip J. Thurmond, of the Partisan Rangers, to take 150 men and proceed toward the Kanawha River, directing him to march altogether by night, thinking it probable that he would soon meet with some force of the enemy.

On the morning of the 11th instant, at about 3 o'clock, Captain thurmond encountered a body of the enemy encamped on Big Sewell Mountain, about 28 miles west of Lewisburg, whom he immediately attacked and dispersed, killing and wounding and capturing a considerable number. He very soon, however, discovered that the party thus encountered was the advance guard of a large body, which, he afterward ascertained, consisted of six regiments and a battery of six pieces of artillery. Captain Thurmond immediately forwarded to me a dispatch informing me of the advance of the enemy, which was received by me at 12 m. on the same day and communicated by me as rapidly as possible to the major-general commanding.

I had previously received orders from Major-General Jones, in the event of an advance of the enemy, not to engage him upon the western side of Greenbrier River, and I at once made arrangements to move all of my stores across the river. The enemy continued to advance during the day, Captain Thurmond skirmishing in the most gallant manner with them, until they reached Meadow Bluff, where they encamped during the night of the 11th instant.

I marched my command out some 2 or 3 miles west of Lewisburg on the morning of the 12th instant, in order that time might be had

