
Philomont roads to near burnt bridge on Goose Creek, and thence by the creek road to the rear of Middleburg to search the town, thence by White Plains to Thoroughfare Gap and New Baltimore, to Buckland Mills on the Warrenton pike. With the remainder of the command I took the road to Hay Market.

On arriving at the point where the mountain road (at the base of Bull Run Mountain) debouches on the Hay Market road near Aldie, I sent one squadron Ninth New York on that road, with instructions to search Blakely's Mills, Harper's bridge part over the mountain, and Hopewell Gap.

I marched with the command to Hay Market, where I remainder until 7 p. m., when I marched to Buckland Mills, where I encamped for the night.

At 12 p. m. the detachment reported after having scoured the country on both sides of Bull Run Mountain, and as far west as Middleburg, without finding any force except a few stragglers, whom they chased from the farm houses and of whom they captured two.

There were but three rebels in Middleburg, and none in White Plains. At 7 a. m. this day, marched to Weaversville, where I arrived and encamped at 3 p. m. It was reported by contrabands at Middleburg that a heavy cavalry force passed through Upperville on Wednesday and marched into Shenandoah Valley.

The labor performed by the command was arduous in the extreme, leaving Cedar Creek at 8 a. m. and reaching the environs of Leesburg before daybreak on the following morning, with artillery and wagon and ambulance train.

It will thus be seen that the country has been completely scoured on both sides of Bull Run Mountain to Leesburg, and that no force of any importance is on this side of the Blue Ridge or Valley.

There is no question that a party of White's cavalry are scouring Loudon County, impressing conscripts (of whom we captured two), but on the appearance of any force they disappear. Mosby is reported to have been wounded in the thigh and side, and to have been sent to Lynchburg. We searched for him in vain. He was taken through Middleburg on a stretcher.

I respectfully submit that my dispositions were such as to have effectually carried into effect the orders I received, had there been any enemy to "benefit by them."

White's escape must have been purely accidental, as my approach was too rapid for him to have acquired any knowledge of it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. C. DEVIN,

Colonel, Sixth New York Cavalry, Commanding Second Cav. Brigadier

Captain A. J. COHEN, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel James B. Swain, Eleventh New York Cavalry, Department of Washington.

CAMP RELIEF, SCOTT'S NINE HUNDRED,

September 1, 1863.

SIR: Pursuant to orders, I detailed Captain McCallum, F Company, this regiment, to make a reconnaissance toward Leesburg.

