
able continued his retreat by White Sulphur Springs, I marched my command in the direction of that point, which I reached early in the morning of the 22nd instant, when I learned that Averell had passed through to the county of Pocahontas by a road some 2 miles west of Callaghan's.

It would not be proper for me to fail to bear testimony to the good conduct of both the officers and men of my command during the whole of the operations above detailed, suffering, as they did, from exposure to the most inclement weather, and enduring most cheerfully their exposure to the severest rigors of this mountain winter climate without shelter of any kind.

I am, major, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JNO. ECHOLS,

Brigadier-General.

Major WILLIAM B. MYERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &c.

Numbers 10. Report of Colonel William L. Jackson, Nineteenth Virginia Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Warm Springs, Va., December 28, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report my operations during the third Averell raid.

On the evening of the 11th instant, the enemy appeared in my front at Marling's Bottom Bridge, driving in my pickets and scouts, with a force variously estimated from 900 to 3,000.

At 4 a. m. of the 12th instant, I learned from General Echols' dispatch of the 11th instant that a large force of infantry and cavalry had made their appearance on Sewell Mountain, 18 miles from him. On the 12th instant, becoming satisfied that the enemy at Marling's Bottom had gone on toward Lewisburg, via Little Levels, and apprehending that a force would come from the direction of New Creek, via Monterey or Hightown, my scouts were instructed to keep a sharp lookout in that direction, and I ordered Captain Marshall to fall back to Back Creek. My dispatch reached him beyond Huntersville, blockading roads. During the night I learned that General Echols was falling back from Lewisburg to a position on this side of the Greenbrier River.

On the 13th instant, at 2 p. m., I received information that a force of the enemy was moving on the Staunton and parkersburg turnpike toward Staunton, and the opinion was expressed that they were going down the Bull Pasture River to get in my rear.

About the same time I learned that a large mounted force was moving down Back Creek. I had previously given to the Niter Cave on Back Creek all the information I had received. The last courier was fired upon by the enemy at 5 p. m. at the cave. He, however, escaped, reporting the destruction of the cave, and that Captain Marshall was fighting and was evidently cut off. Captain M. did not fall back immediately upon receiving my order, waiting to gather in men sent to blockade roads, or he would not have been cut off. Thus at least 150 effective men were cut off from my subsequent operations. Captain Marshall, after being cut off, annoyed the

