
enemy as much as he could, and blocked the road toward Valley Mountain and other routes (these were, however, cut out by the infantry on their falling back), and took position on Back Creek, to annoy and obstruct the enemy if they fell back on that route.
At sundown I moved my infantry, artillery, and train to Hot Springs remaining here myself until the nest morning with some mounted men. On account of scarcity of forage, I had, previous to all this, sent my cavalry horses to be subsisted under charge of detailed men, and only retained about 150 mounted men. Some of these were with the cut off detachments.

At 1 a.m. of the 14th instant, Lieutenant Colonel William P. Thompson, who had been at Mill Point with two companies (McNeel's and Jarvis'), joined me with 25 men (having been compelled to come through the woods), the rest either cut off (some captured), or moving to join me at Healing Springs. During the day Captain Jarvis joined me at the springs with 20 men. Thus again I lost for my subsequent operations about 100 more men.

Finding the enemy in large force in my front, and learning that they were also moving on my right as if to make to my rear, at 4 a.m. of the 14th instant, Leaving cavalry here to await my orders (they were ordered on at sundown), I proceeded to Hot Springs, intending if the river could be crossed to proceed to Callaghan's, via Morris Hill. On my route I met couriers returning with dispatches I had sent to General Echols, who reported my communication cut off from him, and that Jackson's river was not fordable by the route in contemplation. I then determined to take the McGraw's Gap route, which would lead me to Callaghan's by Jackson's River Depot and Covington, and if the enemy moved through the latter place toward Buchanan, would throw me on his front.

On this route I received a dispatch from General Imboden, dated the 13th instant, informing me that he expected to be attacked on Shenandoah Mountain, and requesting me to join him. Regarding the movement of the enemy as a mere feint on General Imboden, I moved on and reached Jackson's River Depot at 11 a.m. of the 15th instant, crossing my artillery and train by hand on the railroad bridge. Here I received your dispatch of the 14th instant from Pick-away Plains, and a dispatch from Major General Samuel Jones of the 13th instant, telegraphed to Millborough, directing me, if I had received no contrary order from General Echols, to collect my command at Callaghan's and there await further orders.

On the night of the 14th instant, Colonel James Cochran (to whom my thanks are due), of the Fourteenth Virginia Cavalry (who was with me, endeavoring to make his way to his regiment), volunteered to scout to Covington. I furnished him with 50 men. He reported that a force had been there during the night, but on the morning of the 15th had fallen back toward Callaghan's.

After arriving at Jackson's River Depot on the 15th instant, I sent Lieutenant-Colonel Thompson with a few men to Callaghan's. He started about 1 p.m. Soon afterward I learned reliably that General Averell had gone up Dunlap's Creek toward Sweet Springs. I then ordered all my mounted men to report to Lieutenant-Colonel Thompson, and that night I encamped at Covington with my infantry.

On the 16th instant, in the morning, arriving at Ogle's Creek, One-half mile from Callaghan's, I took position there, ordering Lieutenant-Colonel Thompson with 100 mounted men to scout toward Sweet

