
Springs and communicate with General Echols. This Lieutenant-Colonel Thompson accomplished, and General Echols retained him with about 30 men, returning the residue to me.
At 2 a.m. of the 17th instant, I received an order from Major General Samuel Jones to return at once to some good position near Clifton Forge, and there await further orders, and as soon as it was light I moved in obedience to that order. Discovering the Rich Patch route, I took position near Jackson's River Depot, so that I could watch both the Clifton Forge and Rich Patch routes, throwing out my scouts toward Buchanan and on the Rich Patch route as far as the high water permitted.

About this time Major General J. A. Early opened communication with me by dispatches from Staunton first, and afterward from Millborough. I gave him from time to time all my information, and endeavored on several occasions to communicate with Major Fitzhugh Lee and General Echols, but fear all my dispatches were not received, as some of my couriers were captured. It would make this report too voluminous to mention all the dispatches forwarded and received, and now I omit any further mention of them, and send with this report copies of the important ones received.

In the afternoon of the 19th instant, a scout reported having seen 3 of the enemy this side of Craig's Creek. I immediately ordered Captain John S. Spriggs, with the mounted men than present, to proceed up the Rich Patch road until he saw and felt the enemy. Afterward Major J. B. Lady came up with more, and he was directed to

re-enforce Captain Spriggs, and take command.

I then moved Captain McAllister, with his home guards, to the Island Ford Bridge, with instructions to have everything prepared, and to destroy the bridge when he found the enemy advancing, telling him that I would endeavor to inform him, if possible, but, to guard against any contingency, that he must scout so as to ascertain any advance. He so moved, and made every preparation to burn the bridge. All this before I became satisfied that they were moving on the Rich Patch route. Indeed, the information about that time was that the enemy were moving via Potts Creek to Dunlaps Creek, and would either turn up at Sweet Springs or at Callaghan's, and I was prepared to move to Callaghan's. About 5 p.m., however, I became satisfied that they were moving down the Rich Patch road, and Lieutenant Boyd, of the Engineer Corps, who was with me, was

directed to ride rapidly to the bridge to insure its certain destruction.

In the meantime (it had become dark), I moved my whole command to the point of intersection of the Rich Patch and Covington roads. I also dispatched several different couriers and aides to the bridge to order its destruction. A considerable force of the enemy, by some route that had never been explained to me - although I sought information from every source, and was assured that I was guarding every possible approach - threw themselves between me and the bridge, cut off Lieutenant Boyd, fired into or captured my messengers, and, as it now appears, rushed upon the bridge, surprising and scattering the home guards before they set fire to the bridge. While all this was occurring Captain George Downs, commanding detachment of the Nineteenth, under my orders, was endeavoring to get to the bridge, so as to be in front of the enemy. I also moved Colonel Arnett (Major Lady was then fighting) up the Rich Patch road to the point where the enemy turned off, or was turning, direct-

