
Colonel Arnett could get up to prevent them. Seeing that my infantry could not cross or catch the enemy, mounted as they were, I ordered Captain Spriggs in pursuit with my mounted men, and halted my infantry.
The raiders thus escaped, not, however, without damage or loss. The destruction of their train; the capture during my night attack of 150 prisoners, including Lieutenant-Colonel Polsley, of the Eighth Virginia (bogus) Mounted Infantry; several lieutenants; 1 of General Averell's acting assistant adjutant-generals, and his chaplain; 6 ambulances complete, with their horses, and about 200 horses. This last is but conjecture.

I am instituting rigid inquiry, with a view to ascertain the number of horses captured, and will know in a few days. I fear, however,that many will not be reported, as I regret to say that all in my command do not properly report captured property. Quite a number of the horses have been proven to belong to citizens, from whom they had been taken by the enemy, and these I have restored. There was also recaptured a number of slaves, all of whom but a few have been restored to their owners. The others are in jail at Covington. We also released a number of prisoners they had taken, among them Captain Porteaux, assistant quartermaster, captured at Salem.

The fighting during the night seemed to be severe, but as the result proves, the firing was not effective.

The enemy lost (as well as I can ascertain) 23 in killed and wounded, and my loss was 1 man killed and 7 wounded. Thirty of my men are missing; some of them known to be captured.

On the 21st instant, about 10 a.m., Major General Fitzhugh Lee, with Brigadier-General Imboden, crossed the river in pursuit. The enemy had gone on to Callaghan's, and from thence, by Antony's Creek and Spice Run, to the Little Levels and to Beverly, arriving at the latter place on the 25th instant, having stopped to recruit, &amp;c., on Valley Mountain one or two days.

I inclose Colonel W. W. Arnett's report without comment.

The conduct of Lieutenant Charles Boyd, of the Engineer Corps, injured by the fall of his horse; Cadet R. D. Chaffin, severely wounded; Major J. B. Lady; Capts. John S. Spriggs and William P. O'Brien, deserves special notice for gallantry.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

WM. L. JACKSON,

Colonel

Captain R. H. Catlett,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1]

Lewisburg, December 11, 1863 - 7 p.m.

Colonel W. L. Jackson, Commanding, &c.:

COLONEL: The enemy are advancing upon this line. At 3 o'clock this afternoon they were reported to be on the top of Little Sewell Mountain, with a large force of infantry and cavalry. You had better keep a close lookout on your line. I am not able at present to give you any orders, but keep everything in readiness. Top of Little Sewell is 18 miles from here.

Very respectfully, &c.,

JNO. ECHOLS

Brigadier-General.

