
[Inclosure Numbers 2]

Headquarters Camp Northwest,

December 11 - 8 p.m.

Colonel W. L. Jackson

DEAR COLONEL: The Yankees are at the Greenbrier Bridge. Some of the scouts were fired on at sundown this evening. I cannot tell you what the force is. I think there can be no mistake of their being there. If you can watch the Back Creek road it will be well, as they might come in a force in our rear. Colonel Thompson went to the Levels this morning. Have heard nothing from him.

Yours, in haste,

J. W. MARSHALL,

Captain, Commanding Detachment.

[Inclosure Numbers 3]

Huntersville,

December 12, 1863

Colonel Jackson:

DEAR COLONEL: I am just in receipt of your dispatch. I am just from the bridge. The enemy (numbering about 800 to 900, principally infantry, six companies of cavalry, and, I think, two pieces of artillery) left the bridge about 8 o'clock this morning. I blockaded pretty effectively last night and to-day. I sent about 65 men to Elk Rut to-day. Will be there on road by dark, with orders to blockade effectively and await the return of the enemy. I will be unable to get the men in line before the day after to-morrow, as they have pretty much all been on duty since yesterday morning, and I cannot get them word only by infantry. I was just on my way to Beaver Creek to blockade there, but will move what men I have toward Back Creek. Will encamp about our old camp to-night. I think they are going to Lewisburg, as they left no guard at the bridge, which they would have done, I think, if they had intended coming this road. Colonel Thompson or Captain Jarvis have not reported. I learned they got my dispatch last night.

Yours, respectfully,

J. W. MARSHALL,

Captain, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure Numbers 4]

Huntersville,

December 12, 1863 - 8 a.m.

Colonel Jackson:

DEAR COLONEL: I have started back what stores I could send. The enemy was encamped at Gay's last night. Lieutenant Simmons dispatches back to me he thinks from their camp fires there was not over a regiment though they had artillery and considerable train along. I have all my effective men; am going below Huntersville; have heard nothing from the Levels. I have blockaded, and will do the best I can for them if they come on. I blockaded between McLaughlin's and the bridge. I have but a few horsemen here. If you can send some it will be very well.

Respectfully,

J. W. MARSHALL,

Captain, Commanding.

