
truth, that Lieutenant Siple was taken prisoner. I sent three dispatches to General Echols, none of which got to him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. THOMPSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

[Inclosure Numbers 10]
HDQRS. CAMP NORTHWEST, December 13, 1863.

Colonel Jackson:

Dear Colonel: I heard from the party I sent to Elk Mountain. I have ordered them in. Will start in a few minutes for Back Creek, as you directed me to do, and leave a few men to await the arrival of Lieutenants McLaughlin and Gay to bring them on. I think we could have done good work if we had been left and had blockaded the roads, and fought them on their return, as I think a portion will go back through this country. I would have had two pretty good blockades in by 10 o'clock today if your order had not come. We put in a pretty good one in the Narrows. Artillery was heard by some of my men in the direction od Lewisburg, so said. I did not hear it myself. Nothing on the Staunton and Parkersburg road last night late. The Yankees reported to have 1,500 men along. The citizens and scouts that I had out said that they would not exceed 900.

Yours,J. W. MARSHALL,

Captain, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 11]

December 13, 1863.

Colonel Jackson:

COLONEL: The enemy ran me from my post last evening about 11 o'clock. I was encamped at Mill Gap. The enemy are encamped at Gum Hill in force.

Yours, &c.,

A. LIGHTNER,

Lieutenant, Commanding Detachment.

[Inclosure Numbers 12]

December 13, 1863.

Colonel Jackson:

Dear Sir: The Yankee forces that came from the direction of Petersburg have gone toward McDowell, on the Staunton and Parkersburg road. I saw and counted 83 wagons, and there were not more than 600 men that I saw. Citizens say that the main body went down before the wagons, and that they had six pieces of cannon. It is reported here by citizens who are responsible that seven regiments encamped on Back Creek near Ruckman's last night, with five pieces of cannon and 130 wagons, and this morning they moved down the creek. I am here on Jackson's River yet, and shall await your orders unless forced back by the Yankees.

Yours, &c.,

WELSH,

Lieutenant, Commanding Pickets.

N. B. - It is supposed by most people that the Yankees that were at Monterey intend going down the Bull Pasture River to get in your rear.

