
[Inclosure Numbers 17]

ENNIS' STILL-HOUSE

December 14, [1863].

Colonel W. L. Jackson:

COLONEL: Your scout is now at Ennis' Still-House, 1 mile from Jackson's River. Two soldiers cut off yesterday evening, who watched the movements of the enemy, report that they are moving down Back Creek, and have not crossed the river as yet. The river is high, and it is not thought likely that they will cross. We will move a mile farther.

S. L. RUFFNER,

Lieutenant, in charge of Scouts.

[Inclosure Numbers 18]

MRS. SKEEN'S,

December 14, 1863 - 1.45 p.m.

Colonel Jackson:

COLONEL: There are none of the enemy here, but about 200 came on to the town about 4 yesterday afternoon and left about 8 o'clock. Citizens report that about 4,000 or 5,000 passed above here on the Sweet Springs road, all mounted. This is said to be Averell's force. Echols made no fight at Greenbrier River; it was no more than skirmishing. Two soldiers, just from the river, report that Echols' cavalry on yesterday morning went to Lewisburg, and Echols went down from Pickaway Plains to cross the river for the purpose of intrenching. The enemy's force at Bunger's Mill, 4 miles beyond Lewisburg. I will go on to Callaghan's immediately. If I can learn nothing additional there, I will either remain at that point or go on until I can learn something more. Mr. Pitzer says that there were 2,000 infantry and the residue cavalry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. THOMPSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

[Inclosure Numbers 19]

CALLAGHAN'S,

December 14, 1863 - 7.30 p.m.

Colonel Jackson:

COLONEL: I am here. No enemy. Between 4,000 and 5,000 passed through (according to the citizens' report), all mounted. I can learn nothing from the citizens as to General Echols whereabouts. Unless otherwise ordered, I will remain here until morning, and go on until I can obtain something reliable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. THOMPSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &c.

[Inclosure Numbers 20]

GERMANTOWN,

December 14, 1863.

Colonel Jackson:

COLONEL: I sent Lieutenant McGuffin and another man, who are thoroughly acquainted with the country, with a dis-

