
patch to Captain Marshall, as he thought he could find him if he is in that country. I have heard nothing further from the enemy since my last dispatch.

JOHN S. SPRIGGS,

Captain, Commanding detachment Nineteenth Virginia Cavalry.

[Inclosure Numbers 21]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE,Pickaway Plains, December 14, 1863

Colonel W. L. Jackson,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: General Echols desires you, if you have your command together, to move in the direction of Callaghan's, unless from information received of the movements of the enemy, you should deem it imprudent to do so. Upon crossing the river the General found that he could get no position for the artillery, and that the ground on this side was completely commanded by the enemy's guns on the other. Taking it for granted from your dispatch that the forces of the enemy would form a junction early yesterday morning, and would, perhaps, endeavor to push forward toward the railroad, the general concluded, after checking Duffie's advance at the river, to move back to this place and unite with McCausland, or wait, if not pressed, for him to join us here. He is now advancing to re-enforce us and will be up this afternoon.

We received information this morning that the enemy had withdrawn about 4 miles west of Lewisburg on yesterday evening, and that rocket signals were seen last night on the turnpike and on the Frankford road. The General desires you to place your command in such a position as to be able to join him, if necessary, without running the risk of being cut off by the enemy. Your knowledge of the country will enable you to do this.

I am, colonel, most respectfully, &c.,

R. H. CATLETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 22]

UNION, VIA DUBLIN,

December 15 [1863].

Colonel W. L. Jackson,

Clifton Forge, via Jackson's River:

The enemy was at Callaghan's last night. I suspect he will move by Sweet Springs to this place. Ascertain his position and movements. Endeavor to strike his rear. The force from Kanawha was 3 or 4 miles west of Lewisburg yesterday.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 23]

AT BRIDGE,

December 15, 1863 - 7 a.m.

Colonel Jackson:

COLONEL: I reconnoitered Covington last night; found not a Yankee. Said to be, by Mrs. Skeen, 900 in the court-house. I have again sent a scout to the town. Will report in person by and by.

