
Be kind enough to send for the pickets on the Millborough road. I will find men and horses, and join you afterward on the road, unless sooner started by your order.

Respectfully,

JAS. COCHRAN,

Colonel, in charge of Pickets.

[Inclosure Numbers 24]

December 16, 1863

Colonel W. L. Jackson:

I have found Captain Marshall on Back Creek and gave him the dispatch that you sent. Captain Marshall was coming on the Huntersville road and met the Yankees at Gatewood's, and was obliged to fall back into the mountain. His men are all broken down. He requested me to say to you that he could not get to you now, but he would as soon as he could. Colonel, I thought I would bring the word to you myself, but my horse broke down, and I am obliged to send it by a member of my company. I will get together the men that were sent to Captain Marshall and bring them to the command. There are 1,500 Yankees at McDowell, in Highland County. General Imboden is said to be on Shenandoah Mountain. Captain Marshall wishes you to send him word where you are and what he shall do. No more now.

Yours, &amp;c.,

A. G. MCGUFFIN,

Lieutenant.

[Inclosure Numbers 25]
HDQRS. DEPT WESTERN VIRGINIA AND EAST TENNESSEE,Salt Sulphur Springs, December 16, 1863.

Colonel Jackson:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that in view of the enemy (under Averell) being out of your reach, you will return at once, with your whole command, to some good position near Clifton Forge, and there await orders.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, &c.,

GILES B. COOKE,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Inclosure Numbers 26]
HEADQUARTERS

Sweet Springs, December 16, 1863 - 6 p.m.

Colonel Jackson:

COLONEL: I have taken the liberty of opening the dispatches which I now send forward. The enemy left here on yesterday at 2 o'clock.

General Echols is on the road to this point from the Union. I will communicate with General Echols immediately. Under the contradictory orders, I will remain until further orders from you.

Very respectfully, &c., your obedient servant,W. P. THOMPSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &c.

61 R R - VOL XXIX, PT I

