
[Inclosure Numbers 27]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE,Union, W. VA., December 16, 1863.

Colonel W. L. Jackson

Commanding, &amp;c.,

COLONEL: General Echols directs me to inform you that our brigade is now moving toward Sweet Springs for the purpose, if possible, of intercepting Averell as he returns. The general hopes you will concentrate, as directed by General Jones, at Callaghan's, and communicate with us at the Sweet. McCausland is here, and will probably move on after us. General Jones telegraphed you this morning, but it is probable the wires were cut before the telegram reached Salem.

I am, colonel, most respectfully, &c.,

R. H. CATLETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 28]

MILLBOROUGH, VA,

December 17, 1863

Colonel W. L. Jackson:

Colonel Massie is near Goshen with the Rockbridge Home Guards and the corps of cadets, with several pieces of artillery, by orders from Major-General Early. He wishes to know the position of yourself, the enemy, &c. General Early is in Staunton with large re-enforcements. Imboden has been re-enforced heavily, but has fallen back to Buffalo Gap. Please send dispatch as soon as possible.

A. W. CAMERON,

Lieutenant Rockbridge Home Guards.

[Inclosure Numbers 29]

MILLBOROUGH,

December 17, 1863.

Colonel W. L. Jackson:

A courier I sent to Colonel J. W. Massie has just returned, and informs Colonel Junkin, who is now here, that Colonel Massie has left for Lexington, having heard that the enemy has turned his course in that direction. Your dispatch to General Early I have sent to Lexington by Colonel Junkin.

D. A. STOFER,

Captain and Provost-Marshall.

[Inclosure Numbers 30]

HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE

December 17, 1863 - 6:30 a.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel Thompson:

COLONEL: General Echols directs me to say that he does not know what your orders from Colonel Jackson may be, but if it does not conflict with them, he desires you to send back most of your men under a good officer to Callaghan's, and to come yourself, with a few men, to the Sweet Springs this morning. Our command will be there at an early hour, and the general wishes to see you. You can rejoin your command during the day.

R. H. CATLETT

Assistant Adjutant-General.

