
[Inclosure Numbers 31]
HEADQUARTERS,Red Sweet Springs, December 17, 1863 - 10 a.m.

Colonel Jackson:

COLONEL: I obey the directions I have received from General Echols in the inclosed dispatch. Averell went to Salem. He arrived there yesterday. At this time nothing is known of his whereabouts. As soon as I receive any information I will forward it to you. I will hasten to the command as soon as I see General Echols.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. Thompson,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

P. S. - General Duffie is at Meadow Bluff, with his own and Scammon's force. Colonel Moor, with the Beverly force, is at or near Frankford. A dispatch was captured stating that those forces would remain in their position until the 18th instant (to-morrow).

[Inclosure Numbers 32.]

STAUNTON,

December 18, 1863 - 3 p.m.

Colonel W. L. Jackson,

Commanding:

COLONEL: Major-General Early, commanding forces, directs that you move to the Lick Run Bridge, below Clifton Forge, and take possession of it, so as to prevent Averell from passing out from Salem by Buchanan and Dibrell Springs. General Fitzhugh Lee and Imboden have gone from here in pursuit of Averell, who is now at Salem, and infantry have gone from here to Millborough to go to Alum Springs. Take up the plank from the Lick Run Bridge, and keep it so that you can put it down if General Fitzhugh Lee comes to it in pursuit of Averell.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

A. S. PENDLETON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 33.]

STAUNTON,

December 18, 1863.

Colonel Jackson:

Averell is at Salem, cut off by high water. Fitzhugh Lee and Imboden have gone up in pursuit of him. Dispose your forces so as to aid in the capture. Do not let him come out by Clifton Forge or Callaghan's.

J. A. Early,

Major-General, Commanding

[Inclosure Numbers 34.]

McCartney's, Four Miles from New Castle,

December 18, 1863 - 10 a.m.

Colonel Jackson:

COLONEL: I was detached by Colonel Edgar on yesterday to scout the roads leading from New Castle toward Covington and report to you. The enemy is now on the march toward Sweet Springs;

