
started at 1 o'clock this morning from New Castle. General Echols was on Sweet Springs Mountain yesterday. Enemy have about 3,500 cavalry, 6 pieces artillery, and 43 wagons.

JAS. A. STRAIN

Captain, Commanding Scouts.

[Inclosure Numbers 35.]

Dagger Springs,

December 18, 1863 - 7 p.m.

Captain Corder:

I learn that the enemy are not at Buchanan. I also learn that the enemy have captured from 80 to 100 head of horses in Craig County in the neighborhood of New Castle (county seat), and it is also reported that they have destroyed the Grace Furnace, in the same county. I am from this place to Buchanan.

A. J. CHEWNING,

Captain.

P. S. - I do not deem it necessary to keep any scout or picket on this road, but I think it would be necessary to keep scouts on the road leading down the river from Lick Run Bridge to Colonel John's Mills, on James River.

[Inclosure Numbers 36]

December 19, 1863.

Colonel Jackson:

I send you this dispatch, thinking it may be of some benefit to you. I have just started another scout. I have the bridge all fixed, so that I can destroy in fifteen minutes.

E. M. CORDER,

Captain, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 37]

BUCHANAN, BOTETOURT COUNTY, VA.,

December 19, 1863.

Colonel W. L. Jackson:

DEAR SIR: I have received a dispatch from Captain F. S. Barton, stating the following: that he had sent couriers toward Salem and learned that the report of the enemy being in Salem yesterday (the 18th) was false. The courier also brings information this morning that up to a late hour yesterday afternoon the enemy were still encamped between Catawba and Craig's Creek, water bound. The party bring this information is Mr. J. B. Allen, commissioner revenue for this county, a highly respectable and reliable person, who at the request of Colonel J. F. Anderson, has been riding all night for the purpose of collecting information.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. CHEWNING,

Captain.

[Inclosure No. 38]

NEAR BUCHANAN,

December 19, 1863 - 9 a.m.

[Brigadier General John Echols:]

GENERAL: I have just met Lieutenant T. Henderson Smith, with orders from General Fitzhugh Lee to proceed to Buchanan with a party

