
of men for the purpose of observing any movement of the enemy on that point. He is instructed to destroy the bridge over the James River at that point, if necessary. He left Lexington at 3 o'clock, and represents that Major-General Early, Fitzhugh Lee, and Imboden had left Lexington and hour previous to his departure, with about 3,000 men, for Clifton Forge. The cadets (about 260 infantry and a battery of artillery) will be sent to Buchanan, to prevent the enemy retreating in that direction. When Fitzhugh Lee has gained their flank and rear, I will myself continue to carry out the instructions given me, relative to the destruction of the bridge and observing their movements, until further orders from yourself.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. CHEWNING,

Captain, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 39]

HOOK's, [December 19, 1863] -3.

Colonel Jackson:

We learn by reliable men that the Yankee picket ia 2 1/2 miles form this place (Hook's), 8 miles form Jackson's River Depot. I have sent forward a scout to ascertain whether or not it is the enemy's picket. I learn that the Yankee army is at Sullender's, 5 miles from this place, and I think it highly probable that they are moving down Blue Springs Run toward Callaghan's.

JOHN S. SPRIGGS,

Captain, Commanding Cavalry.

[P. S.] - as soon as I ascertain from the scouts, I will dispatch again.

[Indorsement]

Since this dispatch was written, Spriggs has been fighting the enemy.

GEORGE DOWNS,

Captain.

[Inclosure Numbers 40.]

HOOK'S HOTEL, [December 19, 1863]

Colonel Jackson:

Generals Fitzhugh Lee and Imboden are at Junction Store, on Fincastle and Covington Pike, where they will encamp tonight and start early in the morning in pursuit of the enemy, if there is any chance of coming up with him.

You had better communicate with them tonight, and if the river can be crossed, they will no doubt start about the middle of the night.

BENJ S. WHITE,

Captain, Provisional Army, C. S.

[Inclosure Numbers 41]

[Colonel W. Wiley Arnett:]

I forward those notes to you, colonel, and I do sincerely think you had better send your cavalry in pursuit. If you will give me the horses, I will take my company and pursue, as your cavalry objects; or if you will give me charge, I will start immediately.

Your most obedient servant,

GEORGE DOWNS,

Captain.

