
Numbers 13.

Report of Mag General Jubal A. Early, C. S. Army, Commanding detachment from Army of Northern Virginia.

NEW MARKET, December 24, 1863.

MAJOR: On reaching Staunton at 1 o'clock on the morning of the 16th, I found it difficult to find out anything with accuracy, and the first correct information I got of Averell's movements was from General Lee from Richmond. The rains on the night of the 16th prevented any passage of troops westward, and I had, therefore, to send Fitzhugh Lee and Imboden by Lexington, and on the morning of the 19th they were at Williamstown, 18 miles from Clifton Forge, and would have reached that evening the point on Jackson's River where Averell crossed before he got there, but for the fact that two telegrams from General Echols were received on the 18th, containing the information that Averell had on that morning returned to Salem, and this caused me to send Fitzhugh Lee and Imboden to Buchanan, as I supposed Averell, returning to Salem, would only intend to endeavor to make his escape by way of Buchanan to Lexington, and thence around Staunton, or by way of Blacksburg and Salt Pond Mountain. But for this erroneous information, he would certainly been captured by Fitzhugh Lee and Imboden.

When I directed Fitzhugh Lee to Lexington, I determined to move one brigade of infantry to Warm Springs, on Jackson's River, if I could get there, but the railroad trains were so badly managed that I reached Millborough not until after night on the 19th, and there learned by telegraph from Jackson that Averell was crossing with his main body toward Covington, and ascertained during the night that he had made good his escape with most of his force. I also learned at same place that the force which had been at Strasburg had entered Harrisonburg, and the next morning I hastened back to Staunton, having previously telegraphed to Walker to move toward Harrisonburg, and I followed him and came up with a small party of the enemy's cavalry near Harrisonburg on the morning of the 21st, the main body having commenced to retreat the night before. I pursued on to this place, making a very heavy march, but having no regular cavalry could do nothing. This body moved back in a great hurry, and has gone down the valley yo Harper's Ferry, as I suppose, it having passed Strasburg.

On yesterday morning a body of cavalry, said to be Buford's, went into Luray - in pursuit of Rosser, I suppose; but finding him gone, burned Burt's tannery, and his and Britton's shops, and one or two forges in the neighborhood, and then went back toward Sperryville, so that the upper valley is now clear.

Jackson reported capturing some 200 of Averell's men, and that 200 or 300 were drowned, and Fitzhugh Lee reports that Averell burned and destroyed most of his wagons and artillery, but I have no accurate information.

Rosser's horses were broken down and his men a good deal scattered, he having accomplished nothing toward interrupting the enemy's communications. I await further orders, which you will please send immediately.

J. A. EARLY,

Major-General.

Major W. H. Taylor, Assistant Adjutant-General.

