
DECEMBER 12 - 14, 1863 - Expedition from Williamsburg to Charles City Courthouse, va., and Skirmish.

Reports of Brigadier General Isaac J. Wistar, U. S. Army, and congratulatory letter from Major General Benjamin F. Butler, U. S. Army.

YORKTOWN, VA.,

December 14, 1863.

I have the satisfaction to announce the complete success of the expedition sent out under command of Colonel West. All worked

in successful combination. Our cavalry carried the enemy's camp at Charles city Courthouse after sharp fighting, the enemy firing from their houses. We captured 8 officers and 82 enlisted men, being the whole command of three companies, and 55 horses and 3 mules, besides many shot, &amp;c., and left on the ground. The enemy's camp, with equipments, arms, ammunition, and provisions, all thoroughly destroyed. Our loss is Captain Gregory, severely wounded, 1 sergeant and 1 corporal killed, and 4 men wounded.

The New York Mounted Rifles in forty-four hours marched 76 miles. The One hundred and Thirty-Ninth New York Infantry in fifty-four hours marched 61 miles, mostly in a severe storm, moving day and night, and walking their shoes off, which should be made good by Government. All are entitled to high commendation for gallantry and unflinching endurance. Colonel West especially, for his precise execution of a difficult combination, by which alone could have accomplished my object.

I. J. WISTAR,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General Butler.

[Copy furnished Secretary of War by General Butler, who adds:

"General Wistar, with my Approbation, sent out an expedition to Charles City Courthouse, on the James River, to capture the enemy's force stationed there, and I have the pleasure to forward his report of its complete success. What adds to the brilliancy of the achievement is that it has been accomplished during a terrible storm."]
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Yorktown, Va., December 17, 1863.

MAJOR: Supplemental to my telegram of the 14th instant, I have the honor to report in detail the operations of the force sent out under command of Colonel R. M. West, on the 12th instant, to capture the enemy's cavalry at Charles City Courthouse.

The distance from my lines at Williamsburg to the Forge, sometimes called Jones Bridge, over the Chickahominy, is 32 miles. Seven miles beyond is Charles City Courthouse, which was held by Robertson's Forty-second battalion Virginia Cavalry, one company of which is kept on picket at Forge Bridge, and between that point and Williamsburg. Forge Bridge has been long destroyed, but there are two fords practicable at present in its vicinity.

On Saturday, the 12th instant, Colonel Roberts, with a detachment

