
of 200 men of his regiment, the One hundred and Thirty-Ninth New York Infantry, marched from Williamsburg by a circuitous and longer route in rear of the rebel pickets and scouts, to the Forge Bridge, with instructions to reach that point " at all hazards" by 5 a.m. the following morning, and hold it.

At 7 p.m. on the 12, Colonel West, First Pennsylvania Light Artillery, commanding United States forces at Williamsburg, with 275 men of the New York Mounted Rifles, under Colonel B. F. Onderdonk, moved from Williamsburg by direct road to Forge Bridge, where they were instructed to find and communicate with Colonel Roberts, and leaving him to hold that point, to make a dash upon and surprise the enemy at the courthouse, who would have been deprived of communication with his pickets by the interposition of our infantry.

At 4 a.m. on the 13th,the Sixth U. S. Colored Infantry, Colonel J. W. Ames, marched from Yorktown, with ambulances and a wagon loaded with rations, with instructions to arrive at Twelve-Mile Ordinary, 24 miles distant, a sufficient time before dark, to select a good defensive position, and throw out pickets on both roads, which fork at that point.

These several movements were all effected with complete success, notwithstanding a severe storm of wind and rain which commenced suddenly during the process of their execution. Colonel Roberts, after a severe march, successfully evaded or captured all the enemy's pickets, and reached the Forge at the designated time. Colonel Onderdonk's cavalry, accompanied by Colonel West himself, after a toilsome night march, during which they were repeatedly lost in the woods, but extricated themselves by the use of candles, reached the same point less than two hours behind time, and found Colonel Roberts in position.

Colonel West immediately divided hid cavalry into two small columns, under Colonel Onderdonk and Major Wheelan, respectively, and moved rapidly through the river and against the enemy, hastening the pace of a "charge" when within a mile or two. The enemy were encamped in two camps not far removed. Major Wheelan's column surprised the enemy, who immediately surrendered, after firing two volleys from their houses, the only result of which was the death of Major Wheelan's horse, and a severe fall for that gallant officer. Colonel Onderdonk's column, led by Colonel West himself, gallantly charged the second camp. One moment of alarm enabled the enemy to fly to arms and retreat into their houses, whence they maintained for a brief period a galling fire, but soon surrendered to the irresistible onset of Onderdonk's men. All our loss occurred at this point. It consisted of Captain Gregory, severely wounded, Sergt. Arnold Wood and Corpl. Thomas Smith, killed, and Sergt. William E. Hendrickson, Sergt. Robert Z. Johnson, Private John H. Shipplebearer, and F. R. Wilson, a guide, wounded.

Eight commissioned officers and 82 enlisted men of the enemy were captured, brought in, and turned over, with a descriptive roll. Fifty-five horses and 3 mules were taken and brought in, 20 or 30 more unserviceable were shot, and about 100 carbines, 100 sabers, 100 sets of horse equipments, and 20 new tents, besides ammunition and provisions, were burned.

Colonel West then returned with his prisoners and captured horses to Forge Bridge, where he again joined Colonel Roberts' infantry, and all returned together to Twelve-Mile Ordinary, which point was

