
reached about 1 a.m. on the 14th. Here Colonel Ames, with his regiment, was found in position, with ambulances and rations, both much required. The prisoners were turned over to his fatigued but comparatively fresh men, and on the following day all reached Williamsburg in safety, except 1 man of Sixth U. S. Colored Troops, who was captured by the enemy. Colonel West is deserving of great credit for this brilliant stroke inflicted 40 miles in rear of the enemy's pickets. Also Colonel Onderdonk, Colonel Roberts, and Colonel Ames, who originally moved in detached columns, and the precise success of each of whom was of great moment to the others.

The cavalry marched 76 miles in forty-four hours. Roberts' infantry marched 67 miles in fifty-four hours, both moving by night and day, over deep and muddy roads, and much of the time under a pelting, pitiless storm. Colonel Ames' colored infantry did what was required of them, which would be considered very severe duty (weather and roads considered), except in connection with the more arduous services of the troops. Their position at Twelve-Mile Ordinary in readiness to receive and guard prisoners and horses, issue rations, attend to wounded, and do picket duty, on the return of the other exhausted troops, was found of extreme advantage.

Colonel West in his report mentions with especial commendation the several officers before named, and also Captain Gregory (wounded), Major Wheelan, Lieutenant-Colonel Patton, Captain Allis, and Lieutenant Blanchard, all of the Rifles, and Lieutenant P. H. O'Bierne, quartermaster of the One hundred and Thirty-Nine New York Infantry. Also F. R. Wilson and Donnell, formerly of the rebel service, who acted as guides, faithfully and efficiently. The former was severely wounded and may lose his arm. Receiving no pay or remuneration, and exposing themselves to special dangers, these men should be rewarded.

In conclusion, I beg to call the attention of the major-general commanding to the gallantry in action, and patient, unflinching endurance on a stormy and difficult night march, of each and all the officers and men engaged. Although the detachment of the One hundred and thirty-ninth New York Infantry was not in action, yet their services were fully as arduous as any and equally required the very highest qualities of the soldier.

I have the honor to be, major, with great respect, your obedient servant,

I. J. WISTAR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major R. S. Davis,

Assistant-Adjutant-General.

Fort Monroe,

December 14, 1863.

Brigadier-General Wistar,

Yorktown, Va.:

Your telegram announcing the complete success of the expedition to Charles City Courthouse received. Give your troops the best thanks of the commanding general for their endurance under fatigue, and their promptness of action, and their bravery in the charge. Thank Colonel West personally for me. His action brings him up to the standard of his reputation.

