HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,September 2, 1863-2 p. m.

COLONEL: I have just returned with my command to Lamb's Creek Church, where I shall encamp for the night. I could not totally destroy the gunboats, but have rendered them about worthless. I waited at Port Conway till 11 a. m. for iron-clad. If failing to make its appearance, and the enemy having opened with a the battery of heavy artillery, I deemed it useless to remain longer. Unless I receive orders to the contrary, I shall return to-morrow morning.

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,

Chief of Staff.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

HARTWOOD,

September 3, 1863.

I have returned with my command.

The enemy have removed the guns and part of the machinery from the gunboats. The boats are now useless. Had the iron-clad come as expected the guns, machinery, and boats could have been recaptured.

I had 1 officer (Lieutenant Leggett, of my staff) and 2 privates killed, and 3 wounded.

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel SMITH,

Chief of Staff.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Edward B. Sawyer, First Vermont Cavalry.

GROVETON, VA.,

October 24, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the services rendered by the First Vermont Cavalry from August 22 to September 10, 1863:

On the 21st of August an order was received transferring the First Vermont Cavalry from the First to the Second Brigade of Kilpatrick's division, said to have been done in order to equalize the brigades. I had been in command of the First Brigade since July 25 by virtue of seniority of rank in that brigade. I at once (on the 22d) gladly resumed command of my regiment near Hartwood Church.

On the night of the 24th, I received orders to have my regiment ready to march at 3 o'clock next morning. We accomplished our brigade to King George County, and had a brisk skirmish with the enemy, and returned to camp the same night, having marched a distance of 64 miles. We remained in bivouac until the 28th, when we went on picket on the Rappahannock near Falmouth, and remained upon this duty until the 1st day of September.

At 1 o'clock a. m. on that day I moved my regiment, with the whole division, on the second King George County expedition, which has given General Kilpatrick and his division such notoriety from the novelty of capturing the two gunboats.

By reason of a mistake of a staff officer in making the assignment

