
more essayed to drive away the cannoneers. Alternating the discharges of the piece between front and left flank, Captain Roche drove the enemy from the woods, silencing their fire, with what loss it is impossible to learn, as the enemy were under the cover of small trees and brush; yet, as the range was so short, it must have been considerable.

The bridge being completely destroyed, and having no means of rebuilding, Captain Roche immediately returned. The family after which he had gone lived a mile beyond this creek and a mile from the rebel camp previously referred to.

On the main road, 10 miles above where Captain Roche turned to his left, there is a camp of four companies of the Sixty-second Georgia Cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Kennedy, and he was anxious lest they might have gone down and endeavored to intercept his return. But seeing no one, he quietly retraced his steps to Nethercutt's Fork, whither Acting Lieutenant Turner had returned ten minutes before.

This skirmish lasted thirty minutes, eighteen rounds of canister being used.

Our loss was 1 cannoneer killed (Private Clarence Kelley, of Troop B), and 1 slightly wounded (Private Stone, of Troop I). Two horses were also killed belonging to Troop A, which the captain was fortunate in replacing.

The detachment reached camp at 8 p.m.

Captain Roche speaks in the highest terms of the manner in which Lieutenant Fish served his gun. This was the first time either of my pieces was in action. The cannoneers were all that could be desired.

Private Joseph A. Lytle, Troop K, especially distinguished himself, as also Private John Ross, of D, and Corporal Duffy, of D, the gunner. I have promoted Lytle to a corporal therefor.

Three horses captured; 2 are receipted for by Captain Roche and 1 by Lieutenant Fish.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FLOYD CLARKSON,

Major Twelfth New York Cavalry, Commanding.

Lieutenant A. A. Neal,

Adjutant 132nd New York Infantry.

______________________

Numbers 2.

Report of Brigadier General Seth M. Barton, C. S. Army.

Petersburg, Va.,

December 17, 1863.

General S. Cooper,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

The following dispatch just received from General Barton at Kinston:

Enemy's cavalry with two pieces of artillery attacked my pickets near Free Bridge, and were repulsed, losing 5 killed and 2 horses. We had 3 wounded. Am in pursuit.

GEO. E. PICKETT,

Major-General.

