
Numbers 2.

Report of Mr. J. H. Devereux, U. S. Military Railroad Service.

Alexandria, Va.,

December 18, 1863.

Last night at 8 o'clock, Rosser's brigade, Stuart's cavalry, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Ballard [Ball?], 800 strong, struck the Orange line at Sangster's. The wires were at once cut, and firing continued between the road guards and this force for some hours. Two bridges on Pope's Head were set on fire, but the damage done was slight. Two of the rebel wounded were found by Armor(telegraph operator) in the poor-house at Sangster's, and one of them said the rebels took with them 3 ambulances loaded with their wounded. They went off in direction of Blue Ridge. None of our men were killed or wounded as far as known, but some 6 or 8 were captured.

Yesterday morning a broken rail threw a train badly off track near Catlett's, blocking the road. The raid has lengthened the duration of our trouble, but matters are getting rapidly in hand, and in a few hours we shall be all right again.

J. H. DEVEREUX.

General Ingalls.

[Indorsement]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 18, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Pleasonton, commanding Cavalry Corps.

The commanding general desires that he will take the necessary steps to intercept and punish the party of the enemy referred to in this communication, should the scouting parties of the cavalry show the facts respecting the force of the enemy to be as stated.

A. A. HUMPHREYS.

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

________________

DECEMBER 17, 1863 - Expedition from Washington to Chicoa Creek, N. C.

Report of Major Charles C. Graves, First North Carolina Infantry, commanding expedition, and congratulatory orders from Major General John J. Peck, U. S. Army.

Washington, N. C.

December 18, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit herewith a report of the expedition which left Washington, N. C., under my command, at 2 a.m. of the 17th instant, and returned at 1 p.m. of the same day.

I left town on the New Berne road, proceeded to the crossing of the Greenville and New Berne roads at Red Hill, when I turned to the right on Greenville road, arriving near one-quarter mile of the Chicoa Creek, 13 miles from Washington. At half past 5 a.m. halted the column at this place, awaiting the proper signal from the

