
sent another order for them to report at Amissville, and moved the command near to that place and halted. At 9:30 p.m. the dispatch bearer returned, and reported that the order for the detail had not yet reached brigade headquarters. I at once reported these facts to the colonel commanding the division, together with the strength of the command then present, viz, 1,100, and at 5 o;clock the next morning, the 22nd instant, received orders to proceed with that force.

At daybreak the command started. At Amissville the advance (Sixteenth Pennsylvania) charged upon a party and captured one prisoner, and at Gaines Cross-Roads surprised a small party and drove them to the mountains. At Sperryville a small force had taken possession of the entrance to the gap, and made a show of resistance, but were at once dispersed by the advance. Crossed the mountains,and at night were within 4 miles of Luray. Soon after dusk the pickets were attacked by a party of Gilmor's men, but not more than a dozen shots were fired. Next morning (23rd instant) at daylight the march was resumed, and a small picket force was met, which was easily brushed away by the advance (Second Pennsylvania(. Drawing near the town, a party of about 30 presented itself, which was at once charged upon by the advance and driven through and beyond the town. A few prisoners were taken; also 2 deserters came in.

Having learned from perfectly reliable information that Rosser's brigade had encamped there Sunday night and had left on Monday, taking the "grade" up the Page Valley, on the east side of the river in the direction of Madison (thus putting itself between my command, and the Confederate army, with the advantage of forty-eight hours' start) I decided that there could be no reason for protracting the march, and therefore I would turn about. I will also add that the river was very much swollen by recent rains, and up to the time of our arrival had not been forded by any one, but in consequence of the very cold weather the water was falling very fast, and I have but little doubt that the command might have crossed it that day had it seemed desirable to do so.

At Luray, examined the post office, jail, &amp;c., and learned that some conscripts had been removed on the news of our approach. Also discovered a large three story building used as an extensive manufactory of Confederate bridles, saddles, artillery harness, &c., well filled with leather, buckles, rings, tools, and everything requisite for such an establishment, together with a large supply of articles already manufactured. Adjacent to this building was an extensive tannery, with vats well filled with stock, and store-houses full of leather and raw material, all of which were completely destroyed by fire or otherwise. Returning between Luray and Sperryville, five other new and well furnished tanneries were destroyed in a similar manner.

Between Sperryville and Little Washington, on the return, the advance arrested the driver of a suspicious looking double wagon, and, upon investigation, it was discovered that the wagon was provided with a false bottom, between which and the real bottom was found a small quantity of dry goods and a small mail. The party was brought in in arrest. In this connection, I will state that when going out at Gaines Cross-Roads, numerous fresh wagon tracks were discovered on the Little Washington road, and I learned from negroes that 7 wagons had passed that morning about sunrise. They (the negroes) supposed that they were citizens moving.

