
At Little Washington the advance guard surprised a party, killing 1 and capturing 1. Remained during the night near Little Washington, and arrived in camp last evening, having been absent four days and marched more than 100 miles. No casualties.

I desire to acknowledge my obligations to Lieutenant T. Gregg and Adjt. F. Baker for their timely and valuable assistance during the campaign.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. SMITH,

Colonel First Maine Cavalry, Commanding Forces.

Captain H. C. Weir,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

_________________________

DECEMBER 21-24, 1863 - SCOUT FROM ROCKY RUN TOWARD TRENTON, N. C.

Report of Major Floyd Clarkson, Twelfth New York Cavalry.

CAMP AT ROCKY RUN,

December 26, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In accordance with permission from the colonel commanding outposts, I sent out a scouting party of 34 men, with 6 North Carolinians, under the charge of Lieutenant Frank Myers, Troop H, on the evening of the 21st instant. They were all dismounted. My orders were that they should cross the Trent River near Quaker Bridge, and endeavor to capture a sergeant, Jim Foy, with his party, who have been in the habit of coming down the other side of the river and Chincapin Chapel, and crossing to this side and prowling about my pickets; also to bring away the family and property of one Coletrane, who has enlisted in the Second North Carolina Volunteers.

The party left my camp at 8 p.m. on the evening of the 21st instant; crossed the river; scouted for 10 miles to the east, south, and west of Trenton; saw but 2 rebels, at whom they fired four shots, wounding 1 slightly, and heard of another party of 10, who eluded their endeavors to find them. They rafted Mr. Coletrane's family safely to this side of the Trent and sent word for me, when I sent out three wagons with an escort, under the command of Captain Roche, who returned with the above-named family on the eve of the 24th instant, and I immediately sent them to town.

I think and expedition might be arranged, with the assistance of some infantry, to hold the main road about 15 or 18 miles beyond the gully, to capture the rebel camp at Chincapin Chapel by a charge of their pickets above Trenton, and by a careful falling back from there, to draw them away from this side, and then by a prompt and vigorous attack by my men (dismounted and mounted) from this side, we could destroy their camp and capture a large portion of their forces, said to number 300 men. Their position is naturally a very strong one, and we would meet with some loss.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FLOYD CLARKSON,

Major Twelfth New York Cavalry.

Lieutenant A. A. Neal,

Adjutant 132nd New York Infantry.

