
of the order of march, my regiment was thrown in the rear of the column until we arrived in the presence of the enemy, near the scene of the skirmish on the 24th of August. Here I was given the post of honor.

My duty was to ascertain if there was any enemy in those woods, in our front, and if so to drive them out, it I could. I detached Company I as advance guard, and closely supported them with the entire regiment.

We did not have to proceed far in doubt; we soon encountered their pickets, who, after exchanging a few shots, retired under cover of the woods. The road from King George Court-House to Port Conway was a narrow road, running through a dense woods for a distance of 5 miles, and through these woods, with less than 50 dismounted carbineers, we drove the rebel infantry skirmishers and, passing the woods into the open field, drove them from the other side of the Rappahannock. Here I found the two gunboats, and the rebels busy getting out the machinery.

My sharpshooters soon drove them from the boats, though they were anchored well under the south shore of the river. Next morning occurred that famous "bombardment" of the gunboats, of which the country has heard so much. These was, however, no further fighting. The regiment returned to its old camp near Hartwood on the 3rd of September, and immediately resumed the line of picket duty on the Rappahannock, and continued in the discharge of this duty until the commencement of the campaign south of the Rappahannock, on the 12th of September.

It having been made known to me by Brigadier-General Custer that I was to assume the command of the brigade on the next Monday, during his twenty days' leave, and every appearance indicating a long quiet, I accepted three days' leave to visit Washington on important business, private and official. Saturday evening I heard a vague rumor of some movement of the Cavalry Corps on the Rappahannock. I took the first rain for the front; fortunately found took my brigade at Raccoon Ford, on the Rapidan. Culpeper had been passed, but one had no need to spoil for want of a fight.

The command of the Second Brigade now devolved upon me, and being required to send one regiment to picket north of the Rappahannock, I was obliged to send my own. Its history for the next twenty days is more properly reported to you (as indeed I believe it has been in part) by the officers in immediate command. I have this, however, to say: I have always exacted from it its full share of the burdens of this arduous campaign, and have ever found it prompt to respond to my call, and have always felt safe when it was on guard. Having had the fortune to command other good cavalry troops during the late exciting campaign south of the Rapidan, I am proud to say that our own well-tried regiment, at least, does not suffer by a comparison with any.

I shall reserve an account of its participation in the campaign since the 9th instant for a subsequent report, promising that it has added new laurels to its before well-earned fame.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD B. SAWYER,

Colonel, Commanding.

General PETER T. WASHBURN,

Adjt. and Insp. General, State of Vermont.

