
another salt-works, about 2 miles up toward Swansborough, with orders to destroy it, which was promptly effected. We then re-embarked in our boats and proceeded back to the inlet, and from thence up Bear Creek, about 6 or 8 miles, and there destroyed a large quantity of salt, which was stored in buildings, and an extensive salt-works.

These works, though quite extensive, were being considerable enlarged, the materials for such enlargement being upon the ground, and which were entirely destroyed with the works. The turpentine being owned by different parties, had been hauled away into the interior during the day and night previous. The command of Captain Saunders, numbering about 200 men, were hovering in the neighborhood, but for some reason failed to show themselves or attack us, with the exception of a small detachment who fired upon our pickets,and then retreated rapidly through the woods, although far outnumbering us. I learned that Captain Lane's company of cavalry, numbering 117 men, had been sent for by Captain Saunders, and might have been expected at any moment, but as they did not appear, it is believed that the presence of our cavalry on the White Oak River drew them in that direction. We brought in 2 white prisoners, suspected of belonging to the detachment who fired upon our pickets, and 9 able-bodied negroes. Captain Cummings reports much excitement among a company of cavalry at Swansborough, probably Lane's command.

We met no loss either in men or materiel.

During the night of the 24th instant, the men suffered intensely from the cold, having been obligated, owing to the shallowness of the water, to wade from the boats to the land, but I am happy to say that both officers and men, soldiers and sailors, did their duty promptly, without grumbling or complaint.

I received every possible assistance from Commander Dove, senior naval officer at this port, as also the most hearty co-operation from Lieutenant MacDiarmid, commanding U. S. gunboat Howquah, and Lieutenant Wells, commanding U. S. gunboat Daylight, and their respective officers and crews.

We arrived at Morehead at sundown last evening, the 25th.

Hoping this affair will meet with the approbation of the major-general commanding, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

J. JOURDAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain E. T. Parkinson,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., December 29, 1863

Major General Benjamin F. Butler,

Commanding Dept. of Va. and N. C., Fort Monroe:

GENERAL: The following orders, Numbers 47, have been issued in relation to the expedition of Colonel J. Jourdan:

GENERAL ORDERS HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,

Numbers 47. New Berne, N. C., December 29, 1863.

The commanding general is again called upon to announce a successful expedition to Bear Inlet, under the direction of Colonel Jourdan, commanding the Sub-District of Beaufort, by which several extensive salt manufacturing estab-

