
100 men of the Ninth Vermont Volunteers, and 125 men of the One hundred and fifty-eighth New York Volunteers, under command of

Lieutenant Colonel William H. McNary; 125 men and one howitzer of the Twelfth New York Cavalry, under command of Captain Roche, and 80 men of Mix's (New York) Cavalry, under command of Captain Cummings, and proceeded to Young's Cross-Roads.

At 12 a.m. of the 28th, I detached 50 men of the Twelfth New York Cavalry, dismounted, under command of Lieutenant Clark, accompanied by two guides, and sent them across the White Oak River, 5 miles below the main picket on the Swansborough road, with orders to surprise and capture all pickets at and between that point and the Jacksonville crossing, and there make a junction with me at or before daylight. With the balance of the cavalry and the howitzer I proceeded to Young's Cross-Roads and placed them in position, whereupon I ordered a detachment of my cavalry, under Lieutenant Budlong, to the crossing to communicate with Lieutenant Clark, on his arrival. About 5 a.m. Lieutenant Clark, reported at the crossing, having effected the capture of 28 prisoners, consisting of 1 lieutenant, 1 sergeant, 20 privates, and 3 colored men, having completely surprised the different stations, and captured almost every man, but 3 having escaped. A quantity of arms and ammunition, which could not be carried away, were destroyed. Lieutenant Clark deserves great credit for the manner in which he conducted this affair.

It was my intention to move across the White Oak immediately, and advance toward Swansborough and Jacksonville, but owing to the want of mounted infantry to picket and guard Young's Cross-Roads and the river crossing, and to guard the prisoners, horses, &amp;c., I was obliged to await the arrival of the infantry, which did not arrive until half past 12 o'clock, having marched a distance of 31 miles, and a part of the roads being knee deep in mud and water.

I immediately relieved the cavalry guards, posts, and pickets with the infantry, and proceeded with the cavalry across the White Oak. The river was forded a short distance below the Jacksonville crossing, and we advanced toward Swansborough and Jacksonville. At a picket station on the Swansborough road we found a carriage and an incomplete set of double harness (which had been the day before seized by the Confederates), and we destroyed some ammunition. We continued on the Jacksonville road as far as Morton's, at which point I ascertained that information of our presence and the capture of their pickets had not been received at Swansborough, or at any of the other stations until about 12m., at which time it reached Swansborough, and was conveyed from there to Piney Green, Jacksonville, and other stations throughout the country, the pickets at the different stations all leaving their posts, and retiring to the other side of the New River. Captain Lane's company, now under command of his lieutenant (he, Lane, being under arrest), and moved to the south side of the river and near the Southwest Bridge.

Ascertaining there were no men between our forces and the New River, that the enemy's cavalry was on the opposite side, and that the schooner loaded with turpentine had sailed three days ago, and there was no more work for me in that vicinity, I returned to Young's Cross-Roads, and took up the line of march for camp. The infantry and Twelfth Cavalry bivouacked in a strong position about 7 miles from Young's Cross-Roads. I proceeded direct to Newport Barracks with Mix's (New York) Cavalry, reaching there about half

63 R R - VOL XXIX, PT I

