
the battery, and first led by you we proceeded toward Camp Georgia.

Company F, of my regiment,which was in advance, found the enemy retreating. They turned and fired, about soon were repulsed with loss of 3 dead and some wounded. They sent a flag of truce and surrendered.

I am glad to say that I never saw better behavior by any soldiers, young or veterans, and I do not believe it was possible in such a ground - if a continual swamp and ponds of water can be so called -that any one could have surpassed the brilliant and gallant conduct of all my command. I would mention the names of those officers who have distinguished themselves, but I would be obliged to send you the names of all, from the major to the last second lieutenant, as every one of them deserves it. Nevertheless. I shall name two, not because they have been braver than the others, but because both of by force of circumstances have been obliged to stand a longer time in the most dangerous position than any other. They are Captain T. S. Foster,who followed me, leading his company,and my adjutant, F. A. Stearns, who has been during all the fight cool and bravely at my side from the beginning to the end. And also I would call your attention to the faithful services of Surgeons Cutter and Warren and the chaplain, who bravely followed the troops through the fight to bear back the dead and wounded. All our wounded were conveyed at once to the hospital and our dead immediately buried. Both Captain T. S. Foster and Ajdt. F. A. Stearns have been wounded, the first, as I said, by a bullet in the left leg,and the second slightly in the right temple and in the neck. I send you annexed the list of killed and wounded.*

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. C. MAGGI,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier-General RENO,

Commanding Second Brigade, Burnside's Division.

No. 18. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles A. Heckman, Ninth New Jersey Infantry.

HDQRS. NINTH REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VOLS., February 9, 1862.

I hereby respectfully report that the regiment which I command took its position in the brigade about 7 a. m. When we had approached near the field of action we passed, by order of Lieutenant Reno, the Fifty-first Regiment New York Volunteers, and when we had arrived on their right we were met by General Foster, and were ordered by him to enter the swamp to the left by company front. However, finding that our fire would be more effective, I formed them by division. At 9.30 a. m. the first division commenced an oblique fire upon the battery, and the fire was continued until 11.15 a.m. by the successive divisions, when,the fire of the enemy slackening, I ordered the regiment to charge, and in company with the Twenty-first Massachusetts Volunteers we entered the battery.

The officers and men of the regiment conducted themselves with courage and coolness, and I am perfectly satisfied with them. The

---------------

*Embodied in statement on p.85.

---------------

