
Johnson, of Company I, took possession of the guns of the fort. I led the left wing down the main road, followed by the Ninth New York, crossed the moat, and halted inside of the fort. On arriving inside of the fort Lieutenant Springweiler, of Company K, brought me a wounded officer, who was a lieutenant in the Wise Legion of Virginia, who was found lying a short distance off.

After remaining in the fort about fifteen minutes I rallied the men, formed line,and started up the main road in pursuit of the enemy. On arriving at the end of the island I found that two boat loads of the enemy had escaped, but one had been captured, containing O. Jennings Wise, severely wounded, and four others, who were all in charge of the Ninth New York. The four prisoners were transferred to my charge,and I left them in a house which was guarded by our troops. Ascertaining that General Reno had advanced across the island to the left I immediately followed, and arrived in time to receive an order from him to place a chain of sentinels to encircle and barracks of the captured enemy,which was executed,and remained upon duty until received by the Ninth New Jersey.

The men and officers under my command behaved with a coolness that was really surprising for men who were under fire fort heir first time. On Sunday morning, the 9th, I received an order to detail a company to plant the American flag on one of the captured forts on the sea-shore.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

EDW. FERRERO,

Colonel Fifty-first Regiment New York Volunteers.

No. 20. Report of Colonel John. F. Hartranft, Fifty-first Pennsylvania Infantry.

HDQRS. FIFTY-FIRST PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS, Camp Jordan, Roanoke Island, N. C., February 9, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in accordance with orders I yesterday marched my regiment onto the field in rear of the Ninth New Jersey Volunteers. I was ordered by Lieutenant Morris to take my regiment to the extreme left, about 200 yards beyond the temporary hospital. On arriving at the proper place I filed them to the left through the swamp. On account of the depth of water and the extreme thickness of the underbrush I was obliged to conduct them in single file. When two companies had entered, finding it impossible to advance, I returned in person to the road, and I was there ordered to leave two companies already in the morass where they were, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Bell, with orders to hold the position he was then in until further orders. I proceeded the eight companies to the right. I was ordered to follow in rear of the Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers. In passing to the right we were all very much impeded by the underbrush and water, that reached to our middle. By taking a shorter route I succeeded in coming up side by the side with the Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers. Before any of us succeeded in reaching to cleared ground the battery was taken.

Soon after leaving my first position Colonel Bell received an order to bring his companies toward the main road. Receiving no orders,

