
by all my officers and men who came in contact with him. His bravery was as great as his patriotism was sincere, and I cannot but feel that had he lived he would have proved a most valuable officers."

The casualties in the Ninth New York Regiment are 2 lieutenants and 15 privates wounded - none likely to prove fatal.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. PARKE,

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding Third Brigade.

Captain LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 22. Report of Colonel Isaac P. Rodman, Fourth Rhode Island Infantry.

FORT BARTOW, Roanoke Island, N. C., February 10, 1862.

DEAR SIR: I had the honor to write you last from Camp California, Va. Since then the Fourth Rhode Island has been detached from Howard's brigade and assigned to that of General John G. Parke, Third Brigade, Burnside's division, and reported for duty at Annapolis, Md., on the 3rd of July [January]. Embarked on the steamer Eastern Queen for Fort Monroe; sailed [January] 9th; arrived the 10th, and sailed for Hatteras Inlet the 11th; arrived the 12th and entered the inlet the 13th, where we were obliged to lay until the 28th before all the fleet had passed over the Bulkhead. The Pocahontas, on which our horses were embarked, was lost in the cape, and all the horses, except 19, perished. I am happy to say that none of the teamsters that were with them were lost but all succeeded in getting on shore and joining the regiment.

On July [February] 5 the fleet sailed for Roanoke and arrived in sight the same evening.

The gunboats, having completed their preparations, commenced the bombardment of Forts Bartow, Huger, and Blanchard (mounting eight 32s and one 7-inch rifled Parrott on Bartow; six 32s and three 7-inch Parrotts on Huger, and one 7-inch rifled Parrott on Blanchard) on Friday morning at 11.30 a. m., and continued through the day. The troops from different transports were landed the same evening without opposition, with the exception of a small party firing on the sounding party of the Fifth Battalion Rhode Island Volunteers, wounding 2 slightly; the gunboats of the enemy not approaching near enough to do us any damage, of which there were ten in all, with from two to three guns each.

On the morning of the 8th the First Brigade (General Foster's) was put in motion, followed by General Reno's (the second), ours (the third, General Parke) remaining for a short time in reserve. The Fifth Rhode Island Battalion having been deployed on our right and the Eighth Connecticut held in reserve on our left to prevent flank movements, we (that is, the Fourth Island and Ninth New York) were ordered forward. When the head of General Foster's column had proceeded about 1 mile on the road they were suddenly met by a sharp volley of musketry and the contents of a Dahlgren (12-pounder brass field piece) from behind a masked battery, called by the enemy Fort Defiance, across and commanding the only road for 400 yards, on each side of

