
I send copies of my letters of January 9 and 13, to which I ask your attention.

I regret that General Wise addressed you directly instead of through me, as it prevented me from sending the above explanations with his letter of February 13.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK, Norfolk, Va., January 9, 1862.

GENERAL: I have your letter of the 7th (received last night),and have seen persons who have left you since. The gunboats that have gone to Hatteras are not those which were here. A large number of small vessels and barges are still in the Mill Creek Channel, near Old Point. No number of vessels, but schooners, have left Old Point lately.

I send the steamer Currituck to-day with Captain J. S. Taylor and Lieutenant Loyall, to take charge of the batteries at Roanoke Island. I have directed all the supplied asked for by Major Williamson, except the large quantity of shot for which there was no powder sent.

I have got from Richmond to-day an order for a small quantity of powder at Raleigh,and send for it at once. I will send the chief quartermaster with a good pilot down to-morrow. Major Johnston,the quartermaster, will give all instructions necessary in his department. He must have boats and barges enough to get up supplies both for your brigade and the rest of the army. You will find him fully capable to manage the business. The pilot I send, Captain Taylor, informs me that it would be easier to obstruct the channel inside; that is, to the northward and westward of the marshes. He says the water is too deep between some of the marsh islands to block them there; but as soon as you get through,the water shoals and the channel could be obstructed by sinking vessels in some 12 feet of water. I send him,that he may sound not the positions and assist in obstructing them, if you desire it.

Let Major Johnston send back all such boats as you can spare,that we may use them in supplying you with more articles you want. I think you want supplies, hard work, and coolness among the troops you have,instead of more men. If men can help you, you shall have them if we have boats here to take them. I am most anxious to do all I can to strengthen you. I only want to know how.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General HENRY A. WISE,

Commanding Fourth Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK, Norfolk, Va., January 13, 1862.

SIR: You requisition for means to carry on all necessary work at

