
the War Department, the latter part of December, assigned to the immediate command of Brigadier-General Wise and attached to this department, and it is only since then I have and any charge of it.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

NEAR NORFOLK, VA., March 16, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER, Commanding, &amp;c.:

SIR: On the 5th instant I sent to the Secretary of War the report of the surrender of Roanoke Island, of which the inclosed is a copy.* At the same time I sent to him copies of the reports of Cols. H. M. Shaw and Jordan, and Lieutenant-Colonels Anderson and Green, and of Majors Hill and Fry, and Captain Taylor.

By a letter dated March 14, just received by me, he corrects my error of sending copies and not the originals of reporting directly to the department instead of through you. I deeply regret these errors in form, and now send my report through you, accompanied by the originals.

I respectfully assure you, and through you the Secretary of War, that these informalities were entirely unintentional, as the Secretary does me the justice to suppose. I supposed the originals, addressed to no longer required to report to you. I beg that you will forward this report to the Secretary of War, and believe me, respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

RICHMOND, VA., April 2, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER, Norfolk, Va.:

SIR: The committee appointed by the House of Representatives to inquire and report the causes and circumstances of the capitulation of Roanoke Island have instructed me to inclose you to within copy of the comments filed by Brigadier-General Wise with the committee upon the remarks made by yourself upon his report of the battle of Roanoke Island. The committee have thought that you night like to reply to the remarks of General Wise. The committee are delayed in their investigation for the want of the report of Brigadier-General Wise, made on February 21 to Secretary of War, in relation to the surrender of Roanoke Island, and which was sent by the Secretary of War to yourself, and which has not yet been returned by you to the War Department. The committee will be greatly obliged if you will return the report to the War Department, so that they can obtain a copy.

I have the honor to be,

B. S. GAITHER,

Chairman.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War.

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General.

---------------

*See No. 24, p.122.

---------------

