
had been called for by Congress, but it could not be sent in, if all, before being submitted to me." This report - as it is called -is, I find, copies of such official letters as General Wise has pleased to select, connected with his remarks, to give his view of the case. I have other employment, and can find no time to examine this voluminous document further. I consider it an improper report, and ought not to be published without other official correspondence, which may not sustain the views here desired to be made history. I return to the Secretary of War, to be disposed of as he thinks proper. I received on the 3rd instant the inclosed reply,* which a committee of Congress received from General Wise, criticizing the few remarks I thought proper to make on his report of the capture of Roanoke Island. I considered those remarks proper and just, and regret they do not coincide with General Wise's opinion; but I have no time to discuss the subject with him, and I send his paper to the Secretary of War.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding Department of Norfolk.

No. 24. Reports of Brigadier General Henry A. Wise, C. S. Army, with correspondence.

GREAT BRIDGE, NORFOLK COUNTY, VIRGINIA, February 21, 1862.

SIR: I beg leave to make a full report of my command in the District of North Carolina, attached to the Department of Norfolk, under general orders from Major-General Huger.

Upon my return to Richmond from Western Virginia, under orders transferring my command to Brigadier-General Floyd, I was immediately, on September 30 last, stricken down by a severe and protracted illness.

November 18 last I reported for duty to the Secretary of War by letter of which the following is a copy:

ROLLISTON, NEAR NORFOLK, VA., November 18, 1861.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War:

SIR: I take the earliest opportunity of returning health to report myself officially as ready for duty.

I earnestly request that the forces composing my Legion may without delay be ordered to the point at which the President intends to employ my services. Even the promptest movement on their part will now scarcely enable them to prepare their arrangements for winter before the winter shall be upon them.

In General Lee's absence from Richmond I take the liberty to remind the President and yourself of the disposition he thought advisable in connection with the Legion, viz: that each western company should decide for itself whether to remain with the Legion or on service in the west; that a certain proportion of the pieces of artillery in possession of the Legion be retained in the west; and, finally, that all the eastern companies and such of the western companies as shall so elect, with at least one battery of field pieces, should be ordered, with the least practicable delay, to the new field of operations where it is intended to employ them.

In the mean time I also request permission to detail a party to explore the channels of Albemarle and Pamlico Sounds, if it is intended to employ me on the North Carolina coast.

I will await at this place the orders of the President.

My post-office is at Norfolk City.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*See Gaither to Huger, April 2.p.117.

---------------

