
Lieutenant-Commanding Webb specially notices the coolness displayed by Acting Master Face and Third Assistant Engineers Quinn when facing the heavy fire of artillery and musketry from the shore while the Teazer was standing in to cover the boat in which, as previously stated, Lieutenant Minor had gone to burn the Congress. Several of his men were badly wounded.

The Raleigh, early in the action, had her gun-carriage disabled, which compelled her to withdraw. As soon as he had repaired damages as well as he could Lieutenant-Commanding Alexander resumed his position in the line. He sustained himself gallantly during the remainder of the day and speaks highly of all under his command. That evening he was ordered to Norfolk for repairs.

The Beaufort, Lieutenant-Commanding Parker, was in close contact with the enemy frequently during the day, and all on board behaved gallantly. Lieutenant-Commanding Parker expresses his warmest thanks to his officers and men for their coolness. Acting Midshipman Former, who accompanied him as volunteer aide; Midshipman Mallory and Newton; captain's clerk Bain, and Mr. Gray, pilot, are all specially mentioned by him.

On the 21st instant I forwarded to the Department correct lists of the casualties on board all the vessels of the squadron on the 8th; none, it appears, occurred on the 9th.

While in the act of closing this report I received the communication of the Department, dated 22nd instant, relieving me temporarily of the command of the squadron for the naval defense of James River. I feel honored in being relieved by the gallant Flag-Officer Tatnall.

I much regret that I am now in a condition to resume my command, but trust that I shall soon be restored to health, when I shall be ready for any duty that may be assigned me.

Very respectfully,

FRANKLIN BUCHANAN,

Flag-Officer.

Honorable S. R. MALLORY,

Secretary of the Navy.

Numbers 8. Report of Major General John B. Magruder, C. S. Army, commanding Department of the Peninsula, of his co-operate with naval attack.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PENINSULA,Young's Farm, Va., March 10, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt, at 9 a. m. on the 8th instant, of your telegram announcing the glorious achievement of the Confederate States war-steamer Virginia, and to report that before daylight I had troops on the way to the immediate vicinity of Newport News, and proceeded in person to join them.

On my arrival I found my advance guard, of one regiment of infantry, Colonel Cumming, Tenth Georgia, and some 300 cavalry (of ours) drawn up in line of battle within 1 mile of Newport News and 600 yards of the enemy's pickets of infantry and cavalry.

As I obtained from all quarters reliable information of the enemy's great strength, which was verified by our observation of the fort and

