
STEAMER SEA BIRD, January 9, 1862.

Captain W. F. LYNCH, Flat-Officer, &amp;c.:

SIR: I received yours of this morning, and regret to be informed of the indefensible condition of the floating battery at Redstone Point, on Croatan Sound. I need not inform you that I have just arrived, and am yet to visit various points of defense at the Roanoke Island. On conference with Colonel Shaw I find that the report of Midshipman Gardner was made December 28 last, and immediately Colonel Shaw (December 29) issued the accompanying order, in which he states that "Midshipman Gardner, having been detailed by Flat-Officer Lynch to instruct and drill Captain White's company, stationed in the naval battery, Captain White will see that strict obedience is given to all order given by him while in the discharge of that duty. Captain White retains the entire command of his company, except during such hours each day as the men may be under drill by Midshipman Gardner," &c. This order would seem to cover sufficiently all the purposes of Midshipman Gardner's services. But this order to Captain White, you inform me, has been violated by him in not enforcing the obedience of his men under the command of Midshipman Gardner, as verbally reported by the latter to you. My desire and purposes are to co-operate with you in the way to insure the most efficient military and naval service. To that end I have issued the accompanying order, which I trust will be satisfactory.

If you claim the command of this battery, I yield it at once. If it is a military battery, it must be under military command. But in either case, when naval and military officers co-operate in service, the command must depend upon the laws and regulations of rank. In this case I presume that Captain White will command and rank Midshipman Gardner; yet you will observe that under my orders to Captain White, Midshipman Gardner will have ample authority to command the men for drill and instruction in working and fighting the guns and to control the magazine for artillery purposes.

The men need instruction, and I trust Midshipman Gardner will not be taken away from the battery. If you choose to regard this battery under my military command, the accompanying order, if duly enforced by Colonel Shaw in my absence, will effect our mutual desires and efforts to make the battery efficient.

With the greatest respect, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

And I issued the following special orders:

SPECIAL ORDERS, CAMP RALEIGH, ROANOKE ISLAND, N. C., No. 2. January 9, 1862.

In constructing the wharf heretofore ordered, the commandant at this post will see that it is a permanent structure, of good, solid materials, capable of bearing the articles of transportation and landing for the army and navy. It should have an outer pier of platform large enough to bear upon it a four-horses wagon, and to accommodate at least one large steamer, with a causeway connecting it from seven feet of water with the dry land. It should be placed where the causeway will be the shortest distance between the requisite depth of water and the dry land. The steam pile-driver will be detained for the wharf.

*		*		*		*		*		*

III. The commandant will cause a full and detailed reports to be made of all ordnance and ordnance stores, embracing arms and ammunition not issued. He will also report the amount of provisions and the whole number of persons in camp to be supplied with provisions; also the number of teams of horses, mules, or oxen now in charge of the quartermaster, and the purposes for which they are used, and the amount of forage on hand. Also whether there be a proper magazine and ordnance officer in charge, and if not, he will cause temporary magazines to be constructed of logs and earth, as fire-proof as practicable, and detail a proper ordnance officer to take charge thereof, who will receive from the quartermaster all ordnance and ordnance stores receipt to him for the same, and issue the same upon proper vouchers to the troops. If there are no horses for field artillery, he will make requisition for a sufficient number to serve four pieces and their caissons, and procure caissons for the same - say four caissons and thirty-two horses.

IV. No firing or discharge of pieces will be allowed in camp, for the purpose of cleaning guns or for practice, without special permission or order of the commandant. The ammunition will be carefully economized.

V. No ardent spirits or wine or bear shall be allowed in camp without special order or permission of the commandant, and men or messengers will not be permitted to go to Nag's Head unless under orders. No persons will be allowed to pass to and from the sea-beach and the island without special permission. And to prevent intercourse

