
with the enemy the boats and arms of all suspected persons must be seized, so as to prevent their use by such persons.

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, CAMP RALEIGH, ROANOKE ISLAND, N. C., No. 6. January 9, 1862.

Captain White, Seventeenth Regiment North Carolina troops, stationed at the floating battery at Redstone Point, on Croatan Sound, will observe the order of December 29, issued by Colonel H. M. Shaw, commanding, &amp;c., in respect to the duties and powers assigned to Midshipman Gardner, detailed by Flag-Officer Lynch to instruct and drill the men at said battery. Captain White will place his men under the command of Midshipman Gardner for the purpose of drill and instruction in working and fighting the artillery pieces; and Midshipman Gardner, for such purposes, will order the men on duty as the service of drill and instruction may require and Captain White will afford him every facility in the discharge of this duty, making him ordnance officer of the artillery and giving him charge of the magazine for artillery stores. In all other respects Captain White will command his company, and he and Midshipman Gardner (while the latter is on military duty) will report to Colonel Shaw, commanding, &c., at Roanoke Island.

HENRY A. WISE,Brigadier-General.

On January 9 General Huger addressed to me the following letter,* which I did not receive for some time after it was written.

*		*		*		*		*		*

It was not until January 10 that my Legion was ordered to report to me, and then it was ordered to proceed to Edenton, N. C., and at my request the orders were changed to report to me at Portsmouth, as appears by the following orders and memoranda thereon made by General Huger:
SPECIAL ORDERS,ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENL'S OFFICE, No. 8. Richmond, Va., January 10, 1862.

*		*		*		*		*		*

XXVII. All the officers and men of the Wise Legion in this will immediately proceed to Edenton, N. C., and report for duty to Brigadier General H. A. Wise, commanding.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Memorandum.]

JANUARY 11, 1862.

By request of General Wise send the men to Portsmouth, Va., for Roanoke Island.

B. H.

It was not until January 11, twenty-one days after the orders was dated at Richmond assigning me to the command of the Chowan District on December 21, 1861, that Special Orders, No. 8, were issued from the headquarters of the Department of Norfolk, announcing my command, as appears by the following order:

SPECIAL ORDERS,HEADQUARTERS DEPT OF NORFOLK, No. 8.Norfolk, Va., January 11, 1862.

*		*		*		*		*		*

II. Brigadier General Henry A. Wise, having reported at these headquarters, is, in obedience to Special Orders, No. 272, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, Richmond, December

---------------

*Printed in General Huger's report, p.114.

---------------

