
as Gallop's opposite Powell's Point on the main, and keeping up a regular and ample ferry across the Roanoke Channel to the part of the island opposite; he will observe the accompanying orders from headquarters, and allow of no firing or ardent spirits in his camp, except what may be allowed by his own special permission. Owing to the scarcity of powder the order as to firing must be rigidly adhered to, and strong and intoxicating drinks must be issued by the sutlers under the strictest regulations, enforcing moderation and sobriety.

The enemy are near, within a few hours' steaming; attack is hourly expected, and the camp must be in constant order and readiness; and to prevent attracting the enemy's steamers the men must not be allowed to appear in any bodies by daylight, and no fires must be killed day or night on the sea-side. Fuel most be regularly supplied on the sound side, and covered ways of logs and sand provided against the enemy's shells behind the sand hills on that side. If the enemy attempts to land on either side of the bach north of Oregon Inlet within reach, he must be attacked by all means, and if our forces are obliged to retreat before superior numbers, they will either cross in the ferry to the forts on Roanoke Island or move northward on the western shore of the beach up to Gallop's, and there cross in the ferry over Currituck Sound to Powell's Point on the main. They will never retreat unless compelled, and then in good order, saving all stores and equipage.

HENRY A. WISE,

I then hurried to Richmond to forward the remaining corps of my Legion and to urge upon the War Department the necessity of expedition the defenses of Roanoke Island. I was allowed but a short and cursory interview with the Secretary of War, but pressed upon him the necessity of supplies and re-enforcements and of forwarding the whole force of my Legion; and on January 18 I ordered Colonel Henningsen to visit the Governor of North Carolina in person, with instructions and a letter of which the following are copies:

RICHMOND, VA., January 18, 1862.

Colonel C. F. HENNINGSEN, Commanding,&amp;c.:

SIR: You will take charge of the inclosed letter to His Excellency the Governor of North Carolina. You will confer will him on the defenses of that part of his State confided to my command. You will inform him fully of all the lack of preparations for defense, especially at Roanoke Island. You will impress upon him the importance of those defenses as object for the enemy to attack. Their main aim is to shut up the rear of Norfolk and the forces there; attack on Wilmington is minor, but the forces of the enemy at Hatteras and with Burnside are ample for invalid both Pamlico and Albemarle Sounds. You will urge upon him the necessity to obtain permanent recruits for my Legion, and arms and ammunition, barges, lighters, dredging-machines, pile-drivers, steam tug-boats, negro laborers, &c.

You will look at the within and note its purport as to his executive circular respecting corps formed from the North Carolina Militia, and as to the regret of Colonel Martin, of North Carolina, who, with his men (late prisoners at Hatteras), are now discharged from their paroles, &c. You will, in a word, obtain all the aid you can in any and every from Governor Clark,and then as early as practicable report to me at Roanoke Island.

In the man time you will turn over the command of the Second Regiment of the infantry of the Legion to Lieutenant-Colonel Anderson, and issue orders to him to have the Second Regiment in readiness to proceed to Norfolk on Tuesday next, January 28 instant, and to proceed on that day and there report to Major General Ben. Huger, commanding, &c., not using his quartermaster and commissary for subsistence and transportation to Roanoke Island, N. C. If he arrives there prior to my return to the island he will report to Colonel Shaw, commanding, &c., at the post, and take quarters, as they can best he provided, either on Roanoke Island or at Nag's Head, on the sea-beach. He will apply to Lieutenant-Colonel Richardson, of the First Regiment, for copies of the general orders of the Legion at Nag's Head.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General, Fourth Brigade, Department of Norfolk,

RICHMOND, VA., January 18, 1862.

To His Excellency Governor CLARK, North Carolina:

SIR: I have made but a brief reconnaissance of the defense of the counties of your Commonwealth under my command; but, brief as it was, it startled me with the conviction

