
The steam-tug could not promise to start before Tuesday evening, the 28th. At 1.30 p.m.. we started, and the tug broke down before getting to Portsmouth, and had herself to be towed back to Norfolk by the ferry-boat. We were detained until the evening of the next day (the 29th) for repairs to the tug.

On January 28 I issued various orders in Norfolk to expedite preparations at the island, among others those of which the following are copies:

NORFOLK, VA., January 28, 1862.

Lieutenant JAMES H. PEARCE, Ordnance Officer, &amp;c.:

SIR: You will report to Major-General Huger as the ordnance officer of my Legion. You will ask him for orders to take a gun-carriage and limber, or 12-pounder, or 9-pounder, now at Kempsville. It is one of three artillery pieces, mounted at the navy-yard, and allowed, with carriages, &c., to be issued to me in the spring of 1861 for the defense of Lynn Haven shore. Two of the pieces, I am informed, were taken away from Kempsville, under orders from General Huger. The other is there under no command that I know of, and I desire it to be restored to me. I am personally responsible for all three pieces, as they were issued to me by Flag-Officer Forrest before I was commissioned or had a command, and were taken in my absence at the West. I desire to have all three returned to me, and you will so request of General Huger; but you will especially request to be allowed horses by the quartermaster here to bring the gun from Kempsville to Norfolk, in order that it may be taken to Roanoke Island.

You will also call upon Flag-Officer Forrest, at the navy-yard, and ask for one brass howitzer, allowed to be taken by me, with the consent of Captain Lynch, to whose command it belonged. It is one of two pieces loaned by Captain Lynch to Colonel Wright, and returned by the latter to the navy-yard. Now, Captain Lynch consents that I shall have one of the pieces, with both carriages, caissons, harness, &c.

You will also apply at the navy-yard for two iron 12-pounder pieces, their carriages, caissons, &c. As fast as obtained you will forward these four pieces, &c., to me at Roanoke Island. To this end you will remain here not more than eight days, and within that time proceed to Roanoke Island as early as you can; and while here you will consider yourself detailed to look after and arrest deserters and stragglers from my command. I am informed that some of my men are now on board the Merrimac. You will take orders and proper to arrest them and send them on to Roanoke Island.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

NORFOLK, VA., January 28, 1862.

Major F. D. CLEARY, Quartermaster, &c.:

SIR: You will proceed as early as practicable to procure for the service at Roanoke Island, its marshes, &c., at Nag's Head, the following implements and materials:

Pile-drivers.- Three can be obtained: one from Captain M. Parks, and one from Mr. Culpeper, at Norfolk, Va., and one from Dr. Thomas Warren, Edenton, N. C. Each will require a crew of six men.

Dredging-machine.- One; to be procured from the Albemarle and Chesapeake Canal Company, of Captain M. Parks. They require a double crew of 24 men.

Lighters.- Eight; 50 or 60 feet long, 3 1/2 or 4 feet deep, and 12 or 15 feet wide, well calked and made water-tight.

Lumber.- Twenty thousand feet of 1-inch plank (sorted), from 12 to 20 feet long; 17,000 superficial, or 42,500 board measure; decking-plank, 2 1/2 inches thick. Scantling, 6 by 4 inches, 16 feet long; in all 12,000 feet long. Plank for wharves, 12 feet long, 2 inches thick; in all 26,000 feet, board measure. Piles, 1,500, 14 feet long; 1,000, 18 feet long; 500, 22 feet long; 1,500, 20 feet long.

Nails.- Whatever is necessary.

The piles, plank, and scantling will get best, probably, through Dr. Warren, of Edenton, N. C., and the lighters from the Dismal Swamp Canal.

You will also procure such number of cooking and warming stoves as you may deem necessary for the Legion;and also such an assortment of axes, hoes, spades, shovels, and other implements as are necessary for constructing the works at Roanoke Island, and forward the same as early as possible to that post.

Very respectfully,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

