
1st. Charles B. Duffield has been nominated for major, and his companies will be sent as soon as he is confirmed by Congress.

2nd. Henry A. Wise, jr., has been confirmed as first lieutenant and adjutant,and his commission has been forwarded.

3rd. J. H. Richardson will be promoted to colonel of the First Regiment of Infantry of your Legion as soon as the regiment of cavalry is filled up to ten companies, in order to justify the transfer to it of Colonel J. Lucius Davis.

4th. M. Dimmock will be appointed adjutant of the cavalry regiment as soon as the ten companies are mustered in. The law does not allow an additional officer as adjutant to a battalion.

5th. You have a right to assign Lieutenant J. H. Pearce to duty as ordnance officer if you choose. There is no such office provided by law as ordnance officer, and there can be not appointment. It is a mere assignment to duty.

6th. You cannot have, by law, more than one adjutant-general, who must also act as inspector-general. I cannot, therefore, appoint Hammond Dugan, as you desire; but you have no quartermaster for your cavalry, and you might confer that post on him if you desire.

7th. I will present the name of T. C. Kinney for a second lieutenant in the Provisional Engineer Corps. This corps is too limited in number for me to be able to yield to your wish for any further nominations in it.

Fourth. I will send you cannon as promptly as possible. I would have had it ready for you before, but I was compelled to direct all my resources in light artillery to aid our army after its recent disaster at Somerset, in Kentucky, where we lost all our artillery.

Your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

February 3 General Huger sent to me an order of which the following is a copy:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK, Norfolk, Va., February 3, 1862.

Brigadier General HENRY A. WISE,Commanding Fourth Brigade, Roanoke Island:

SIR: The steamer Roanoke towed down two barges, which were ordered by the quartermaster to proceed to Scuppernong and bring back corn to this place. If the Roanoke has been taken for other service, you will, on receipt of this, send her and the barges to carry out the orders of the quartermaster. I have to charter vessels to bring forage here, and will give vessels so employed by the quartermaster's department certificates that they are employed by me, and such vessels are not to be interfered with by any one. You will direct the captains of all steamboats coming here from your command to report to the chief quartermaster and any officers coming up to report to headquarters. These orders are imperative.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commading.

Had I complied with this order I would have no means of transportation whatever. The steam-tug Currituck had been sent for lighters and never returned to Nag's Head.

February 3 General Huger inclosed to me a letter of the Secretary of War to him, inclosing a letter of Captain Lynch to the Secretary of the Navy:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK, Norfolk, Va., February 3, 1862.

Brigadier General HENRY A. WISE,Commanding Fourth Brigade, Roanoke Island:

SIR: I inclose herewith copies of a letter, dated January 22, from Commodore Lynch to the Secretary of the Navy, and a copy of a letter of the Secretary of War addressed to me, dated January 31. I am sure you will with pleasure aid the naval officers as far as may be in your power. Without adopting the plans of Commodore Lynch for the defenses of Roanoke Island, I count upon your promptness and energy in rendering the defenses as formidable as possible.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General.

