
fully. Let me hear from you every day. Can you take the Sewell's Point Battery? If so, do it and spike the guns.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., February 22, 1862.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL.

Commanding at Fortress Monroe:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of the 20th,* in relation to the expected attack on New News, has been received and communicated to the Secretary of the Navy and the General Commanding.

Accept my thanks for your prompt and vigilant attention. It will be the aim of this Department to support you in every particular you may deem essential to the good of the service. You have its perfect confidence and respect.

Your, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA.

Fort Monroe, Va., February 23, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON. Secretary of War:

SIR: * * * Yesterday I had the honor to receive your telegram, by which I am informed that an iron-clad steamer and a large frigate would be in Hampton Roads within five days, the time stated when the Merrimac, Yorktown, and Jamestown would attack Newport News.

On land I will be prepared for them, and if the steamer and frigate arrive we will well prepared for them on the water.

I have not time before the mail leaves to give you all the information you desire. I have only time to say, give me 20,000 men, including one regiment of regulars, in addition to those I now have, with two companies of artillery, and four field batteries in addition to the two I now have, which are nearly complete, wanting only a few horses and harness, with boats sufficient to transport several thousand men, and I will, with Burnside's co-operation, take Norfolk, provided I can have from the Navy and can be furnished with land transportation. All the boats we had at the post were given to the Hatteras expedition; consequently I have that will answer for landing of troops.

I have a plan which will be presented to you by Colonel Cram, with a map, who will also be to explain it to you in detail, and if I can be furnished with the means necessary and the co-operation of General Burnside I have no doubt of success against Norfolk, and, with aid from the Navy, against Yorktown. If we were prepared now it would be more readily accomplished than at a future day. I prefer to have my plan explained by the colonel, because it is less likely to became public.

---------------

* Not found

---------------

