
inquiries which concern my personal rights and self-respect. I protect that my motives are founded upon the most anxious desire to serve my country on terms consistent with a sense of honor and of justice to myself and to the brave and faithful officers and men who have joined my command. They have served arduously and faithfully from one extremity of the State to another, and at last have been compelled to fight against all odds without support of re-enforcements and without adequate means of defense, and have fought well, firmly, and nobly. They have never yet been provided with winter quarters; were removed from the western part of Virginia, where their services were urgently required, at a very inclement season, without a proper allowance of transportation, and now ordered in the depth of winter again to change quarters to Northern Virginia, while their services are again urgently required here.

Very respectfully,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

To these I have as yet received no reply from either General Huger or the Secretary of War. But yesterday, the 21st, I received the following papers, one of which is not signed:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,Norfolk, Va., February 21, 1862

Brigadier General HENRY A. WISE,

Provisional Army Confederate States:

GENERAL: Major-General Huger directs me to say to you that Extract XVIII of Special Orders, Numbers 40, Adjutant and Inspector-General's Office, Richmond, February 18, 1862, renders it necessary that he should make a different arrangement of the brigade in this department. I therefore, by his directions, inclose you an extract of General Orders, Numbers 14, from these headquarters,for your information and guidance.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

---- ----,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS,HEADQUARTERS DEPT OF NORFOLK, Numbers 14.Norfolk, Va., February 20, 1862.

"Until further orders the following will be the arrangement and designation of the brigades in this department:

* * * * *

"II. The Second Brigade, the country east of the Elizabeth River (South Branch), and extending southeast of the Dismal Swamp, in Virginia and North Carolina; headquarters Norfolk, Brigadier General William Mahone commanding.

"By command of Brigadier-General Huger:

"S. S. ANDERSON,

"Assistant Adjutant-General."

To these I have to-day (the 22nd) replied as follows:

GREAT BRIDGE, NORFOLK COUNTY, VA.,

February 22, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER, Commanding, &amp;c.:

Major General B. HUGER, Commanding, &c.:

SIR: Yesterday evening late I received the inclosed papers, purporting to come from the headquarters Department of Norfolk. As the letter professing to communicate General Orders, Numbers 14, is not signed, non constat that the order was intended to be issued. But, if it was so intended, I respectfully submit that this has been ordered to be issued before you have replied to mine of February 19, and before a reasonable time has been allowed to receive an answer from the War Department to the same.

I respectfully ask whether I may expect an answer from you to the inquiries of that letter? If not, I will immediately demand a court of inquiry upon my defense of Roanoke Island and upon the previous preparation for its defense. At our last personal interview at this place you said verbally that you would order a survey of the sea-beach on the coast of Virginia and North Carolina, to ascertain whether horses moving from Norfolk could be led down that beach to Nag's Head. In case of such a survey I beg to have notice; and in case of a court of inquiry I claim the justice of not being separated from my artillery corps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

