
and then, accompanied by Lieutenant Talcott, Provisional Army Confederate States, who had kindly volunteered his services to me, I repaired to Ashby's Landing, and having remained there until it had become apparent to my mind that the enemy designed the reduction of Pork Point Battery before attempting to land his troops, and having repeated to Colonel Jordan the order to fight the enemy at the water should he attempt to land, but to fall back to the redoubt should such a movement become necessary to save the field pieces, I proceeded with Lieutenant Talcott to Pork Point Battery, which we reached at 12 m.

Soon after the battle had begun Major Hill, who was in immediate command at that fort, having given a detailed account of the battle of that day as well as that of the succeeding day at that fort, in his report, herewith submitted, it is not my purpose to add to it further than to indorse all that he has said in praise of the coolness, courage, and persevering efforts of the officers and men of his command, who seemed to be inspired by the noble, example set them by Major Hill, as well also by that of Captain Taylor and Lieutenant Talcott and Loyall, who were present at both battles at that place, having been sent to the island a short time before by General Huger on temporary detached service.

At 4.15 o'clock, having observed some indications which induced a belief on my part that the enemy designed landing some troops below the battery for the purpose of making a flank movement upon it by land, and the small-arms of the two companies in the battery having been lost by the destruction of their quarters, I left the battery to rejoin the infantry and send re-enforcements to the battery. Having met Major Williamson, who was hastening to communicate with me, I ordered him to return and move two companies to Pork Point, to be at hand if needed. He did so, taking up Company A, Captain Hinton, and Company G, Captain Yellowley, both of the Eighth Regiment North Carolina troops. Soon after I fell in with Lieutenant-Colonel Anderson, having with him portions of the Forty-sixth and Fifty-ninth Virginia Volunteers-about 400 re-enforcements sent over by you. Reaching the redoubt across the main road, I found, what Major Williamson had already apprised me of, that Colonel Jordan had withdrawn the artillery from Ashby's without resisting the landing of the enemy and had taken position at the redoubt. He informed me that the enemy had effected a landing above Ashby's and beyond the reach of the pieces. In his own report you will find his reasons for thus falling back fully set forth.

By this time it was night, and nothing remained but to make a stand at the redoubt. Pickets were put out and the troops bivouacked on the low and wet ground adjacent to the breastwork, where they passed the tedious hours of a cold and rainy night without a single murmur or complaint. About day reconnoitering party was sent out and information obtained of the approach of the enemy in large force.

I then ordered Colonel Anderson to put out a part of his command on the left of the breastwork, and Captain Wise being in command of the companies selected for that service, I instructed him to take position under cover of a small piece of swamp on that flank, and to assail the advance guard of the enemy, directing his fire to the artillery, should the enemy attempt to plant any within reach. Soon after I received a message from that officer saying that a position could not be obtained at the point indicated and I then directed him to take the most favorable position he could.

At 7 a.m.. the battle commenced, and as soon as the enemy gathered

