
ments were immediately ordered to take position at their pieces. A picket guard was thrown out and a detail ordered from each company present, to mask the battery as effectually as the short time rendered practicable. Soon afterward you arrived and took command.

At about 12 o'clock at night I proceeded to obey your order to march all my forces, except those detailed for the support of the battery,in connection with those of Colonel Anderson, to Fort Bartow; but while awaiting at Suple's Hill the arrival of Colonel Anderson I received an order, through Major Yeates, revoking your former order, and remained there during the rest of the night, awaiting further orders, with the following companies of my regiment: Company C, Captain Betts; Company D, Captain Manly; Company G, Captain Picot; Company H, Captain Jones; Company I, Captain McKay; Company K, Captain Whitty.

Early on the morning of the 8th I received orders from you to report myself to you in person at the battery then under your command, which I did, leaving the companies above named to act as a reserve, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel [Daniel G.] Fowle and Major [Jesse J.] Yates. As you are entirely familiar with the part taken by me and those under my command during the action of the 8th, I deem a further report from me unnecessary. Appended you will find a statement of the number of men of my regiment engaged, killed, wounded, &amp;c.*

I cannot close this report without especially mentioning the acts of coolness and manifest bravery of Captains Liles and Knight, with the officers and men under their command, who were in the fight at the battery. Lieutenant Pipkin, of Company G, was in charge of Fort Blanchard, and, with all of his command,evinced a spirit of faithfully and nobly discharge his duty had an opportunity offered. Lieutenant Pulley, Company G, in charge of Fort----, at Midgett's, is supposed to have escaped with his command, not having been heard from since our defeat. I doubt not but he remained faithfully at this post, ready to do this duty, he learned that our battery was flanked by the enemy and a retreat ordered.

Respectfully submitted.

J. V. JORDAN,

Colonel Thirty-first Regiment.

Colonel H. M. SHAW,

Commanding Forces Roanoke Island.

Numbers 28. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Wharton J. Green, Second North Carolina Battalion.

ON BOARD STEAMER S. R. SPAULDING,

Off Roanoke Island, N. C., February 18, 1862.

SIR: I herewith submit a report of the skirmish in which my battalion (Second North Carolina) was engaged on Saturday, the 8th instant:

In obedience to orders from Adjutant-General Cooper, received on the evening of January 30, I struck camp in the vicinity of Wilmington

---------------

*List of 475 men in action; 2 killed, 8 wounded, and 76 missing.

---------------

12 R R-VOL IX

