
and men. The enemy's loss, as I learned from themselves, was between 20 and 30.

I marched my entire command, with very few exceptions, in good order back to your camp.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WHARTON J. GREEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Second North Carolina Battalion.

Colonel H. M. SHAW.

Numbers 29. Report of Major H. W. Fry, Forty-sixth Virginia Infantry.

STEAMSHIP S. R. SPAULDING,

Off Roanoke Island, N. C., February 18, 1862.

In obedience to instructions received from Colonel J. H. Richardson, commanding forces at Nag's Head, I proceeded with my command (Companies B, D, G, and K, aggregate 150) to Roanoke Island, landed, and with my command reported to Colonel H. M. Shaw, who ordered me to countermarch my command and save them if possible; but on arriving at the point where we had landed there was no transportation, the tug and barge that brought us over having left for Nag's Head.

Respectfully submitted.

H. W. FRY,

Commanding Companies B, D, G, and K, 46th Va. Regiment

Colonel H. M. SHAW.

Numbers 30. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Frank P. Anderson, Fifty-ninth Virginia Infantry.

ON BOARD STEAMER S. R. SPAULDING,

February 15, 1862.

SIR: I herewith inclose you a report of the part taken by the Fifty-ninth Regiment Virginia Volunteers in the engagement of the 8th instant.

In obedience to orders from General H. A. Wise I left Nag's Head on the morning of the 7th, and not being able to effect a landing at the wharf, I beached the boats at the north end of the island and there effected a landing, leaving the baggage and most of the ammunition on board the transports. My force-consisting of two companies of the Forty-sixth Regiment Virginia Volunteers and eight companies of the Fifty-ninth Regiment Virginia Volunteers, amounting in all to about 450 men, officers included-then proceeded to the earthwork, across the main road, where we arrived about 6 p.m.., and found that the enemy had effected a landing in force at Ashby's Landing.

Colonel Jordan, having fallen back from that point (bringing the artillery back to the earthwork), I immediately sent scouts to discover the position and force of the enemy. The scouts returned in fifteen

