
minutes, having shot one of their advance pickets within 500 yards of the earthwork, and bringing his gun. I immediately sent out a strong picket-10 Rangers, Company A, Fifty-ninth Regiment, and 10 Richmond Light Infantry Blues, Company A, Forty-sixth Regiment, Captain O. Jennings Wise in command. Nothing occurred during the night.

Early in the morning of the 8th I ordered Company A, Fifty-ninth Regiment, Lieutenant Hazlett commanding to proceed in the direction of the enemy, to relieve Captain Wise and his pickets. In about fifteen minutes they returned, reporting the advance of the enemy in force. I immediately deployed Captain Wise's company (A, Forty-sixth Regiment), Captain Coles' company (Forty-sixth Regiment), and Lieutenant Hazlett's company (A, Fifty-ninth Regiment) on our left, in the swamp, I having been informed by you that our right was impassable, from reports which you had received. The earthwork not being capable of sheltering more than 200 men, I then marched the rest of my command about 250 yards to the rear, there to be held in reserve.

After getting the reserve placed in position I dispatched scouts to the right for the purpose of discovering, if possible, a road by which we might flank the enemy or be flanked by them. They soon returned, reporting a passage impracticable. I then sent them them farther to the right,when a messenger arrived from you requesting me to come to the earthwork. Arriving at the earthwork, I dispatched 10 more men to watch and skirmish on our right flank.

About 9.30 a.m.., the firing being very heavy, I dispatched a messenger to Major Lawson to bring three companies to the earthwork to relieve those already engaged. He arrived with Company E, Captain Dickinson, and Company K, Lieutenant Roy,of the Fifty-ninth Regiment, and Company-, Captain Murchison, Eighth Regiment North Carolina State troops. They arrived under a shower of bullets, Lieutenants Miller, Pottier, and Walker receiving wounds. The engagement lasted until 12 o'clock, when, our ammunition being expended and our right flank (which had been reported impassable) being turned, I was obliged to leave the earthwork. My regiment retreated in good order.

After arriving at your quarters, and while in conversation with yourself, Colonel Green engaged the advance of the enemy. I immediately marched my regiment to the woods near the beach, and there placed them in position to receive the enemy. While in this position the report reached me that the white flag had been sent by you to the enemy, and that you had surrendered the forces on the island. I sent an officer to you to inquire into the truth of this report; he returned, informing me that the report was correct. I then countermarched my regiment to your encampment and there surrendered them.

The following is the list of killed, wounded, and missing from my command; Killed, 2 captains and 4 privates; wounded, 4 lieutenants and 24 privates; missing, 19 privates. Those missing are supposed to have escaped from the island.

The officers and privates under my command behaved gallantly against great odds.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. ANDERSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Fifty-ninth Regiment Virginia Volunteers.

Colonel H. M. SHAW,

Commanding Roanoke Island.

