
and gun Numbers 6, checking their advance and bringing on a desultory engagement, which continued at intervals until 12.30 o'clock, when, receiving the intelligence that our land defense had been forced and my position consequently turned, I abandoned Fort Bartow, destroying the ammunition and disabling the guns. During the morning we fired about 20 rounds of rifle charges and 20 more from smooth-bore 32-pounders.

In closing, I desire to state that both the officers and men under my command did their duty manfully and with skill and courage. Special commendation is due to Captain Fearing and Lieutenant Elliott and Hinton of Company L, and Lieutenant Gilliam of Company I; also to Sergeant Graves, Privates Black and Dawson of Company L, and Sergeant Barrow and Privates Jacocks and Stokes of Company I.

I here desire also to acknowledge the great service rendered by Captain Taylor, of the artillery; Lieutenant Loyall, of the Navy, and Lieutenant Talcott,also of the artillery. They did great service-cool, calm, and assisting in every way. Their conduct cannot be too highly commended.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. H. HILL,

Major, C. S. Provisional Army, Commanding Fort.

Colonel H. M. SHAW,

Eighth Regiment N. C. Troops, Commanding Forces Roanoke Island.

Numbers 32. Report of Captain John S. Taylor, C. S. Army, in charge of Heavy Artillery.

ROANOKE ISLAND, N. C.,

February 9, 1862.

SIR: On Friday, the 7th instant, at about noon, the enemy's feet opened fire on our squadron and Fort Bartow. In obedience to your orders I took charge of Forts Huger and Blanchard,and awaited the approach of the enemy; but as they did not come within range of our rifled guns (which I fired eight times) and seemed to concentrate their fire on the left flank of Fort Bartow, I immediately rode to that battery, where I remained until the enemy ceased firing, assisting Major Hill, the commanding officer of that post.

On the morning of the 8th, about 10 a.m.., Fort Bartow fired a shot at the enemy's ships, to prevent what seemed to be an attempt to cut off re-enforcements approaching the island from the northward (the other batteries being manned to drive back the enemy should the attempt be persevered in), when their fleet commenced a desultory fire upon Fort Bartow. I immediately repaired to that post, where I remained until the battery was evacuated, in consequence of our land defenses having been forces by the enemy's troops.

I then returned to Fort Blanchard, thinking the fleet would attempt to pass through Croatan Sound, which, however, they did not. Leaving orders to fire upon them should they attempt to pass or come within range, I went to Fort Huger, where I soon received your orders to spike the guns and send the men to your encampment. This was done, the powder destroyed and the gun-carriages somewhat injured, about 2.30 p.m..

