
On reaching Winton I found that Colonel Wright had left for Norfolk. This day I remained here, taking up positions and opening communication with Elizabeth City.

The remainder of Colonel Wright's regiment arrived last night, and this afternoon a battery of artillery. I had ordered four companies of Colonel Wright's regiment, with one gun, and was about to make a night reconnaissance of Elizabeth City, when I received the order from Brigadier General H. A. Wise to join him at the Albemarle and Chesapeake Canal, whither I proceeded with the artillery in the morning.

At 10 p.m.. I proceeded with the artillery in the morning.

At 10 p.m.. I received a note from Colonel Wright, informing me that he had arrived at South Mills, and desiring that his companies should not proceed to-night. In consequence of not knowing whether he ranked me or had any special orders from you I have abandoned the reconnaissance, but send a small party of artillery soldiers, with teams, to bring off, if possible, a wagon and caisson which had stalled in Elizabeth City, but had been dragged off and concealed about a mile on this side.

I would beg, respectfully, to call your attention to the case of Sergeant Scroggs. According to the report of the citizens Scroggs was double-ironed on board a Federal vessel in the river, and the Federal officers talked of trying and hanging him as an incendiary. Sergeant Scroggs, son of a Virginia senator, is a gentleman and a soldier and was acting in obedience to orders from me, of which I am willing to assume the responsibility. I should have sent a flag of truce to-morrow to the enemy but for the fact of having to march. I leave his case, general, in your hands.

Very respectfully,

C. F. HENNINGSEN,

Colonel Fifty-ninth Regiment Virginia Volunteers,

Commanding Artillery of Wise Legion.

General HUGER, Commanding.

FEBRUARY 13, 1862-6 a.m..

P. S.-

The artillery detail has returned, bringing back the wagon, with baggage. They report only six Federal steamers in the river. The guns in the battery spiked and carriages burned.

[C. F. H.]

FEBRUARY 18-21, 1862.-Expedition to Winton, N. C., and Skirmish February 19.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Ambrose E. Burnside, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Rush C. Hawkins, Ninth New York Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Ambrose E. Burnside, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Roanoke Island, N. C., February 23, 1862.

GENERAL: Since my dispatch of the 20th, of which I inclose a duplicate,* the expedition up the Chowan has returned, having reached as

---------------

*See "Correspondence, etc.-Union," post.

---------------

13 R R-VOL IX

