
Numbers 9.-Colonel Horace C. Lee, Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Infantry.

Numbers 10.-Brigadier General Jesse L. Reno, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 11.-Lieutenant Colonel William S. Clark, Twenty-first Massachusetts Infantry.

Numbers 12.-Lieutenant Colonel Charles A. Heckman, Ninth New Jersey Infantry.

No. 13.-Colonel Edward Ferrero, Fifty-first New York Infantry.

Numbers 14.-Colonel John F. Hartranft, Fifty-first Pennsylvania Infantry.

No. 15.-Brigadier General John G. Parke, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 16.-Colonel Edward Harland, Eighth Connecticut Infantry.

Numbers 17.-Lieutenant Colonel Charles Mathewson, Eleventh Connecticut Infantry.

Numbers 18.-Colonel Isaac P. Rodman, Fourth Rhode Island Infantry.

Numbers 19.-Major John Wright, Fifth Rhode Island Infantry.

Numbers 20.-Brigadier General L. O'B. Branch, C. S. Army.

Numbers 21.-Colonel Reuben P. Campbell, Seventh North Carolina Infantry.

Numbers 22.-Lt. Colonel Edw. Graham Haywood, Seventh North Carolina Infantry.

Numbers 23.-Colonel S. B. Spruill, Nineteenth North Carolina Infantry.

Numbers 24.-Colonel Zebulon B. Vance, Twenty-sixth North Carolina Infantry.

Numbers 25.-Major John A. Gilmer, jr., Twenty-seventh North Carolina Infantry.

Numbers 26.-Lieutenant Colonel Robert F. Hoke, Thirty-third North Carolina Infantry.

Numbers 27.-Colonel James Sinclair, Thirty-fifth North Carolina Infantry.

Numbers 28.-Colonel Charles C. Lee, Thirty-seventh North Carolina Infantry.

Numbers 29.-Lieutenant Colonel William M. Barbour, Thirty-seventh North Carolina Infantry.

Numbers 30.-Colonel H. B. Clark, Special Battalion North Carolina Militia.

Numbers 31.-Lieutenant J. L. Haughton, Macon Mounted Guards.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General Ambrose E. Burnside, U. S. Army, with congratulatory order and communication from the Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, March 16, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that after embarking the troops with which I intended to attack New Berne, in conjunction with the naval force, on the morning of the 11th, a rendezvous was made at Hatteras Inlet. Flag-Officer Goldsborough having been ordered to Hampton Roads, the naval fleet was left in command of Commodore Rowan. Early on the morning of the 12th the entire force started for New Berne, and that night anchored off the mouth of Slocum's Creek, some 18 miles from New Berne, where I had decided to make a landing. The landing commenced by 7 o'clock the next morning under cover of the naval fleet, and was effected with the greatest enthusiasm by the troops. Many, too impatient for the boats, leaped into the water and waded waist-deep to the shore, and then, after a toilsome march through the mud the head of the column arrived within a mile and a half of the enemy's stronghold at 8 p.m.., a distance of 12 miles from the point of landing, where we bivouacked for the night, the rear of the column coming up with the boat howitzers about 3 o'clock next morning, the detention being caused by the shocking condition of the roads, consequent upon the heavy rain that had fallen during that day and the whole of that night, the men often wading knee-deep in mud, and requiring a whole regiment to drag the eight pieces which had been landed from the Navy and our own vessels.

By signals agreed upon, the naval vessels, with the armed vessels of my force, were informed of our progress, and were thereby enabled to assist us much in our march by shelling the road in advance.

