
You will make the same arrangements which would be necessary if we were in the presence of an enemy.

Very respectfully, your,

JOHN. A. DIX,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, March 9, 1862.

To the GOVERNOR OF NEW YORK, Albany: MASSACHUSETTS, Boston; MAINE, Portland:

The opinion of the naval commanders here is that the Merrimac will not venture to sea, but they advise that immediate preparations be made to guard against the danger to our ports by large timber rafts, protected by batteries. They regard timber rafts, guarded by batteries, as the best protection for temporary purposes.

General Totten says do not neglect the batteries.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

March 9, 1862.

Excellency E. D. MORGAN,

Governor of New York, Albany, N. Y.:

The Merrimac was beaten back by the Monitor to-day after a five hours' contest, and is reported to be disabled.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

Washington, D. C., March 9, 1862-2 p. m.

Brigadier General HOOKER, Commanding:

Please have the following communicated to Captain Wyman as soon as possible:

The Merrimac has got out harbor, and had pretty much used up our ships at Hampton Roads.

It is impossible to say what she may attempt, but as a proper precaution it is proposed to be ready to block the channel of this river in the event of an attempt to enter it.

By direction of the President it has been agreed on by General McClellan, General Meigs and myself the Secretary of War present, to fill some canal-boats and other craft and tow them down near the place where it would be advisable to sink them. I wish you therefore to sent up some of the steamers to tow down.

You have no doubt received my dispatch to send a fast vessels to observe the mouth of the Potomac. Let this duty be well looked to.

Will General Hooker please to inform me of this reaching Captain Wyman.

JNO. A. DAHLGREN,

Commandant, Navy-Yard.

WASHINGTON NAVY-YARD,

March 9, 1862-3 p. m.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

I beg leave to inform you that upon consultation with such pilots as I have in the yard, I find them to be of opinion that a vessel drawing

