
that has been expended in bringing this little command up to this point. If we can have the regiments to make the divisions, we have the material here in the commanders of our regiments to command the brigades.

I see by a recent act of Congress that commanders of departments are allowed an increase of staff. I inclose herewith some nominations for your consideration.

I have the honor to be, sir, your very obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Department North Carolina.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington.

P. S.-We shall want with the re-enforcements the usual amount of wagons, horses, clothing, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, April 10, 1862.

I have the honor to make the following detailed report of the battle of New Berne, as promised in my hurried report of the 16th ultimo:

After embarking my command, consisting of the brigades of Generals Foster, Reno, and Parke, at Roanoke Island on the morning of the 11th, the transport fleet, in conjunction with the naval fleet, arrived without accident off the mouth of Slocum's Creek, in the Neuse River, some 16 miles from New Berne, on the evening of the 12th, where we anchored for the night. Soon after anchoring I called the three general officers in council, and after consultation with Commodore Rowan we decided to land at the mouth of Slocum's Creek on the following morning under cover of the naval guns, and proceed up the direct road to New Berne, our advance to be designated by signal rockets from the head of the column, thus enabling the Navy and our armed transport vessels to shell the road in advance of us.

At 6.30 the following morning I hoisted the preparatory signal. The naval vessels, with the gunboat Picket, moved in toward the mouth of the creek and shelled the woods some distance, in advance of us. A reconnaissance was made to ascertain the depth of water by the gunboat Delaware, Captain Quackenbush, and by Mr. H. H. Helper, with the boat's crew of the Alice Price. After receiving their reports the signal for landing was hoisted, the light-draught steamers and surf-boats having been previously filled with our men, and in twenty minutes some three regiments were on shore. The steamers having grounded, the men on them leaped overboard and waded to the shore, holding their cartridge-boxes out of the water. The enthusiasm with which this work was accomplished cannot be excelled. As the colors of each regiment were planted on the shore the men rallied to them, and their proper formations were soon made. The steamers and boats returned to the fleet for more troops, and the landing was continued, under the direction of my chief quartermaster, Captain Herman Biggs, until the whole force detailed for the attack had reached the shore except the field artillery and some of the infantry that had not arrived from Hatteras Inlet.

In the mean time I had landed my staff, and detailed Captain R. S. Williamson, Topographical Engineer, to move on in advance of the

