
the service since we joined the naval fleet at Hatteras Inlet. I need hardly say that these brave officers and sailors are bound to us by the strongest ties of friendship and companionship in arms.

The armed transports of the fleet in this instance, as in every other, have shown that they have been most efficiently managed, and in speaking of the services of this command I always include all the transports of the fleet. The gunboat Picket, Captain T. P. Ives, rendered marked service in this engagement as well as at Roanoke and elsewhere.

The duties of the officers and attendants of the medical staff have been most arduous both during and since the battle and most nobly have they fulfilled their mission, displaying in all instances both skill and courage.

Some of the results of this battle may be enumerated as follows: The capture of nine forts, with forty-one heavy guns; two miles of intrenchments, with nineteen field pieces; six 32-pounders not in position; over 300 prisoners; over 1,000 stand of small-arms; tents and barracks for 10,000 troops; a large amount of ammunition and army supplies; an immense amount of naval stores, for which I refer you to Commodore Rowan's report; the second commercial city in the State of North Carolina; the entire command of the Albemarle and Pamlico Sounds; the capture of Beaufort, Carolina, and Morehead Cities, and the complete investment of Fort Macon, which we hope soon to reduce. The prisoners belonging to this city I have released on their parole, together with the sick and wounded. The remainder, some 160, I have sent to New York. I hope my course in releasing the sick and wounded and the citizens of this place will meet the approval of the Department, and I should have been glad to have released them all had the enemy fulfilled their engagement made with me when I released the Roanoke prisoners.

I cannot close this report without paying a just tribute of praise to the members of my staff, who have so nobly aided me in every effort in the accomplishment of this work. Dr. Church, after designating the positions for hospitals and performing other duties devolving upon him as medical director, rendered me most efficient service in directing troops and carrying orders. Captain Richmond, my assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenants Pell and Fearing accompanied me on the field, where they displayed great gallantry and skill.

Captain Herman Biggs, my chief quartermaster, rendered most important service in directing the debarkation of troops and the movement of our supply transports. From the organization of this expedition in New York last September his work has been arduous and unremitting, and the fact that no call for anything which appertains to his department has been unsatisfied is sufficient evidence of the efficiency with which he has performed his work. He has been and was in this instance most nobly seconded by Captains Cutting and Loring. Captain R. S. Williamson, chief topographical engineer, made some most daring reconnaissances, and by his skill and courage has commanded the respect of and endeared himself to the whole command. Captain E. R. Goodrich, my chief commissary, and Captain D'Wolf, in this instance as in all others, have shown marked efficiency in the discharge of the duties of their department under the most trying circumstances. Lieutenant Flagler, my chief ordnance officer, has constantly managed his department with great skill, and rendered most important aid in this instance. My private secretaries, Messrs. Larned and French, here as at Roanoke, accompanied the army on the field, ever ready to preform the duties required of them.

