
I mentioned in my first dispatch that the loss of the enemy was less than our own, but subsequent information has convinced me that it was much greater; that a large number of their killed and wounded were carried off in the cars there is no doubt, but in the absence of accurate information I refrain from making an estimate. It is never a source of pleasure to me to exaggerate the loss on either side, and could the same results have been obtained without the loss of a man it would have been a source of great gratification. happily I have the opportunity of descreasing my former estimate of our own loss.

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding Department North Carolina.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, Numbers 17. New Berne, March 15, 1862.

The general commanding congratulates his troops on their brilliant and hard-won victory of the 14th. Their courage, their patience, their endurance of fatigue, exposure, and toil cannot be too highly praised. After a tedious march, dragging their howitzers by hand through swamps and thickets; after a sleepless night, passed in a drenching rain, they met the enemy in his chosen position, found him protected by strong earth works, mounting many and heavy guns, and although in an open field themselves, they conquered. With such soldiers advance is victory.

The general commanding directs with peculiar pride that, as a well-deserved tribute to valor in this second victory of the expedition, each regiment engaged shall inscribe on its banner the memorable name, "New Berne,"

By command of Brigadier General A. E. Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., March 22, 1862.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

GENERAL: The report of the late brilliant success of the United States forces under your command at New Berne has afforded the highest satisfaction to the President and to this Department and to the whole nation, and thanks for distinguished service are again tendered to you and to the officers and soldiers of your command.

Inclosed I have the pleasure to transmit your commission as a major-general, so gallantly won.

Re-enforcements have been ordered, and it will be the pleasure of the Department to strengthen and support you to the utmost extent within its power. If anything more than you have be needed for the safety of your command, the success of its operations, or the care, comfort, and attendance of the sick and wounded, you will please communicate to this Department, in order that it may be supplied.

The Adjutant-General has been instructed to communicate with you fully upon other subjects.

Respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

