
of a mile to the right. The distance from them, as shown by a subsequent measurement, was 350 yards. I dismounted and examined them with a glass, but the fog was so dense it was difficult to determine the number of guns in sight, but one brass field piece was plainly to be seen immediately in front, which commanded the road. The number of infantry in sight I estimated to be from 3,000 to 4,000. We therefore turned back, but very soon met General Foster, at the head of the advancing column. In a few minutes General Burnside was on the spot, and immediately arranged for the attack. The firing commenced at a bout 8 o'clock and continued until about 1 p. m., when the intrenchments were in our possession. During the battle I acted as aide to the generals-particularly to General Burnside.

After the capture of this line of works the enemy was no longer to be seen, and in the afternoon our brigade occupied New Berne. Subsequently I rode with my assistants, Mr. H. C. Fillebrown and Mr. E. S. Walters, over the principal portion of the captured works, and prepared the accompany hasty sketch of the defenses.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. WILLIAMSON,

Captain, U. s. topographical Engineers.

Captain LEWIS RICHMOND, A. A. G., Dept of North Carolina.

Numbers 3. Reports of Surg. William H. Church, U. S. Army, Medical Director.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., March 16, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the killed and wounded during the action of March 14, 1862:

I arrived at the rear of the field of action about 8 o'clock a. m., and had just located the hospitals when the wounded made their appearance. Brigade Surg. J. H. Thompson located his hospital in the wood at the rear of the First Brigade, Actg. Brigade Surg. C. Cutter, of the Second Brigade, his on the left of our line, and Actg. Brigade Surg. H. W. Rivers, of the Third Brigade, established his in an open, well-sheltered wood, just to the right of the First Brigade. From the list of casualties you can well understand that the labor of the medical corps has been very severe,especially after the long march and comfortless night before the day of action. The conduct of Surge. George Derby and Asst. Surg. S. e. Stone, of the Twenty-third Massachusetts Volunteers, is deserving of special mention. Before the action opened I located them at a point which proved to be immediately in the range of the enemy's fire. they must have remained there two hours before I thought of their position, when I found them quietly performing their operations with the balls falling thick and fast. I immediately ordered Dr. D. to remove his wounded to a house in a more protected position, where he still remains, in charge of his won and many other wounded.

I submit a full list of each regimental surgeon's report to their respective brigade surgeons.

Of the various staff officers I do not hear of any serious injury, although your aide, Lieutenant Fearing, had a narrow escape from a round shot which struck the earth between his horse's feet, filling his

14 R R-VOL IX

