
Lieutenant Colonel Charles Mathewson, Eleventh Connecticut Volunteers, and their reports are herewith inclosed.

I am, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

Captain LEWIS RICHMOND, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 5. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Albert W. Drake, Tenth Connecticut Infantry.
HDQRS. TENTH REGIMENT CONNECTICUT VOLS.,New Berne, N. C., March 15, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by the Tenth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers in the battle near New Berne of March 14, 1862.

At about 7.30 o'clock a. m. on the morning of that day we left our bivouac and advanced up the road leading to the city of New Berne. Although the men were chilled and wet from lying in the rain on the wet, cold ground during the previous night, and were much worn-down with fatigue from their march of the previous day, they advanced with alacrity. Arriving within about one-half a mile from the enemy's intrenchments, we encountered a severe fire from their batteries. I immediately filed the regiment through the woods toward the left, and arriving at a spot of low ground halted and waited orders. After some time had elapsed I received orders to form a line of battle and advance and open fire on the enemy. I immediately formed the regiment in line of battle, and advanced up the rising ground directly in front of their intrenchments, and, halting a little less than 300 yards, opened fire. For a short time we received in return a brisk fire from their artillery and infantry, but it was soon silenced. The men's ammunition getting short and the fire of the enemy having nearly cease, we ceased firing and remained in our position.

Shortly after the enemy left their works. I followed on with the remainder of the brigade, and without further difficulty reached the Trent River at about 2.30 p. m. That evening the regiment was transported across the river and quartered in a deserted camp of the enemy near the city.

I have to say that all of the officers and men of the regiment did their whole duty during the engagement. Appended is a list of our killed and wounded during the action.*

Yours, very respectfully,

ALBERT W. DRAKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Tenth Regiment Conn. Vols.

Captain SOUTHARD HOFFMAN, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 6. Report of Colonel John Kurtz, Twenty-third Massachusetts Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD MASS. VOLS.,New Berne, March 15, 1862.

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to report that at 8 o'clock in the morning of the 13th instant I received the order to disembark my regiment

---------------

*Embodied in statement on p. 211.

---------------

