
direction we arrived at the road, and were then ordered by General Foster to support our battery stationed on the road. Taking our position in column by division, we remained there until ordered by General Foster to deploy and charge on the enemy's works. This was done, General Foster leading the charge, the enemy leaving at our approach. Passing into the works, the regiment was formed in line of battle, and I was ordered to move along the road in position for street firing. Having passed the enemy's camp, we filed to the left of the road, flanking. I was ordered to advance in line cautiously, as General Parke's brigade was expected to be on our left and front and General Reno to be turning the enemy's right. We advanced slowly, receiving a fire of musketry, which was at first supposed to come from the other brigades. Deploying two companies as skirmishers, with orders to proceed with caution, they soon discovered a body of the enemy and opened fire upon them. The skirmishers having assembled, the regiment advanced, and the enemy, to the number of about 150, surrendered to General Foster. The general ordered them placed in charge of Company H, Captain Moulton, and then ordered me to proceed down the railroad, which I did, arriving in New Berne at about 5 p. m. Herewith is a list of the casualties, showing 4 killed and 16 wounded.

In consequence of illness and exhaustion consequent upon the very fatiguing march of the previous day and the night exposure in the drenching rain I was deprived of the assistance of Major McCafferty and Adjutant Harkness, the former of whom was obliged to fall behind just before the close of the actin, the latter being left by the road side during the march before the enemy was discovered.

I would again in the highest terms of praise mention the efficiency and bravery of Lieutenant Colonel A. B. R. Sprague as fully sustaining his former high reputation.

Very respectfully, yours,

EDWIN UPTON,

Twenty-fifth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers.

Captain SOUTHARD HOFFMAN, A. A. G., General Foster's Brigade.

Numbers 9. Report of Colonel Horace C. Lee, Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SEVENTH REGIMENT, MASS. VOLS.,In Camp at New Berne, March 15, 1862.

I have the honor to submit the following reports:

On Thursday, March 13, at the stated signal, we commenced landing troops, one company at a time (which was all the boat would accommodate),from each vessel-the Recruit and Ranger. Major Bartholomew was sent forward with the first company, and at 11 o'clock, four companies having landed, I went on shore and took command, leaving Lieutenant-Colonel Lyman to come forward with the balance. We marched up the road until night and then bivouacked as ordered and threw out pickets on our left flank, rear and right flank being protected by other regiments of the brigade. Our companies continued to arrive until midnight, when we had about 600 men. At daylight on Friday morning, hearing a rapid firing of musketry in front, I called in the pickets, ordered the men to fall in, and soon after, by order from General Foster, took up the line of march by flank in rear of the 25th. The

---------------

*Embodied in statement on p. 211.

---------------

