
acting commissary of subsistence, and Lieutenant Hall, acting brigade quartermaster, were present in the battle and behaved gallantly. The surgeons and chaplains of the different regiments did their duty nobly on the field of battle. I desire to return my thanks to Lieutenant-Colonel Clark, commanding the Twenty-first Massachusetts; to Colonel Ferrero, commanding Fifty-first New York; to Colonel Heckman, commanding Ninth New Jersey, and to Colonel Hartranft, commanding Fifty-first Pennsylvania, for the admirable manner in which they brought their regiments into line and for their gallantry on the field. Eight companies of the Fifty-first Pennsylvania, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Bell, were detailed to drag up six guns furnished by the Navy, and commanded by Lieutenant McCook, and one from the Cossack, commanded by Captain Bennett, who gallantly volunteered to man it. They succeeded in bringing up the guns, arriving in camp about 2 a. m. on the 14th instant. After almost incredible labor the guns were all brought into action and most gallantly served, but from the nature of the ground they were unable to join my brigade, but served with General Foster, who no doubt will do full justice to their gallantry. The total loss in my brigade was 36 killed, 5 mortally wounded, and 160 more or less severely wounded.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. RENO,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Brigade.

Captain LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 11. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William S. Clark, Twenty-first Massachusetts Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST MASS. VOLS.,Camp Reno, New Berne, N. C., March 16, 1862.

CAPTAIN: About 9 o'clock on the morning of the 13th instant the Twenty-first Massachusetts Volunteers, 743 strong, landed at the mouth of Slocum's Creek, and by order of General Reno advanced about 2 miles through the pine woods along the south bank of the river Neuse toward New Berne. Arriving out upon a large open field, the regiment stacked arms, to await the arrival of the general with the rest of the brigade. Company G, under Lieutenant Taylor, formed the advance guard, and discovered a short distance into the woods beyond the cleared space a large number of wooden barracks, which had been evacuated about two hours before by the rebel cavalry, whose equanimity had been disturbed by shells from the gunboats. An advance of 4 miles brought the regiment to Croatan, where we found a very extensive earthwork running at right angles to the highway.

This being unoccupied by the enemy, the colors of the Twenty-first were placed upon the parapet and heartily cheered by officers and men. Near this work a halt of an hour was made for dinner, during which the pioneers tore up the track of the railroad connecting New Berne with Beaufort. From this point the regiment was ordered to move forward upon the railroad track, and Company D, under Lieutenant Barker, was sent forward as advance guard. About a mile of advance brought the regiment to a place where the highway crosses the railroad

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 211.

---------------

