
Brigade Surgeon Cutter. The men deserve great credit for their attention to duty while their comrades were falling around them, no one attempting to leave the ranks to assist the wounded. This order they obeyed the more cheerfully, because they were certain that Surgeon Cutter, with his hospital corps, was attending to this duty in their very midst. Assistant Surgeon Warren and Hospital Steward Davis have labored with unceasing zeal to render the wounded comfortable since the battle, and their kind care and skillful treatment will never be forgotten by the regiment.

Hoping this report of the part performed by the Twenty-first Massachusetts Volunteers at the memorable battle of New Berne may be satisfactory, I am, captain, very respectfully, yours,

W. S. CLARK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twenty-first Mass. Vols.

Captain EDWARD M. NEILL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 12. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles A. Heckman, Ninth New Jersey Infantry.
HDQRS. NINTH REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VOLS.,Camp Reno, March 15, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the position and part taken by the Ninth New Jersey Volunteers in the action near New Berne, the 14th instant:

At 7 a. m. I received orders from you to form line on the left of the Fifty-first New York Volunteers and follow them up the railroad track toward New Berne. Having arrived within about a mile of the enemy's works we were ordered to file to the left into the timber and approach them under cover, and by the right flank we proceeded until within about 800 yards of their batteries, when on order I formed the regiment into line; but not being able, as I believed, to see the whole of the Fifty-first New York Volunteers, and knowing them to be in the advance, I threw two companies from right to rear in order to avoid firing into their ranks. With the four remaining companies of the right wing I advanced to within about 500 yards and opened a brisk fire on the redan immediately in front, and on another obliquely to the right, adjoining the railroad track. On discovering a third redan obliquely to the left, supported by rifle pits on its right flank, I threw the left ot rear, the right of that wing resting on the colors, to avoid a flank attack. I then ordered the advance and to take ground to the left, and on gaining sufficient ground brought the two right companies into line. The whole line advanced, firing until within about 200 yards of the works, pouring a rapid fire into them, the extreme left gaining ground until upon a direct line. Having been firing a long time (about three hours), I examined several boxes and found the ammunition was getting low. I sent a lieutenant, informing you of the fact, and received an order to charge. We charged, and under difficulties (without securing a shot) planted our colors on two redans, capturing two officers and several privates, and a rebel flag with his inscription, 'Beaufort Plow Boys," It is in a good state of preservation, and will be kept so by the Ninth, if agreeable to you.

All of the officers and men having performed their duty it is hard

