
for me to particularize. I regret the necessity to add that Lieutenant William L. Walker, of Company H, was killed while faithfully discharging his duties as an officer, and also the loss of the services, which I hope is only for a time, of Captains Middleton, McChesney, and Hufty, who were wounded whilst gallantly cheering their men on to victory.

In addition to the above I repot the loss of 3 privates killed and 55 wounded, making in all 4 killed in action, 58 wounded; making an aggregate of 62.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. HECKMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Ninth Regiment New Jersey Vols.

General J. L. RENO,

Commanding Second Brigade, Department of North Carolina.

Numbers 13. Report of Colonel Edward Ferrero, Fifty-first New York Infantry.
HDQRS. SHEPARD RIFLES, FIFTY-FIRST Regiment N. Y. VOLS.,Near New Berne, N. C., March 17, 1862.

GENERAL: The regiment under my command landed from the steamers Lancer and Pioneer on the 13th instant about 14 miles below New Berne, N. C. Great difficulty was experienced in landing, on account of the enemy's obstructions by driving spiles, &amp;c., and having finally effected it (my color-bearer begin the first to plant the Union colors on the shore) I formed the regiment and took up our line of march, when, having proceeded some 8 miles and night coming on, I ordered the regiment to bivouac in the woods on the line of the railroad leading to New Berne. The night was very stormy. Most all my command, being exposed, were saturated by the rain. At 6 a. m. the following morning (14th) I took my line of march up the railroad until within 300 yards of a collection of brick-kilns, where Lieutenant Reno brought me an order from you to turn off in the woods to the left and form in rear of the Twenty-first Massachusetts Regiment. Upon arriving at this point I halted my regiment and threw out Company D as skirmishers. Finding that we could not engage the enemy in this position the lieutenant-colonel and myself proceeded to make a reconnaissance in advance, parallel with the railroad, a distance of some hundred yards. The ground here was undulating, forming a number of deep ravines. We discovered the enemy's batteries and rifle pits extending a distance of a mile and a half, in front of which were deep ravines obstructed by an almost impassable abatis.

Immediately upon the enemy discovering us as we were surveying their works on the brow of the hill they opened a heavy fire upon us, wounding Lieutenant-Colonel Potter. Immediately to the position occupied by my regiment and ordered them forward tot he summit of the hill, which position we took, firing and lying down in ravine to reload. A continuous fire was then kept up on the enemy, which they returned with great vigor, making sad havoc in our ranks. My loss at this point was very severe, owing to the exposed position of the troops when advancing to fire. The action continued for about three hours, when we, having expended nearly all our ammunition, I applied for re-enforcements, when the Fifty-first Pennsylvania Regiment

