
was ordered to our support. They having discharged one volley I was ordered to charge, which the men executed gallantly, planting the colors on the ramparts. The enemy fled in great confusion toward New Berne.

The unflinching courage displayed by all of my command cannot be too highly praised, each one vieing with the other to make our victory sure and complete. To particularize those who behaved with gallantry would be unjust where all did so well. The following officers, however, I cannot avoid noticing: Lieutenant Colonel R. B. Potter, who was wounded in the early part of the action, behaved with great gallantry and coolness. Major C. W. Le Gendre, who was dangerously wounded, is deserving of especial notice for his gallantry, contributing no little to our success. Captain David R. Johnson, of Company I, who was severely wounded, displayed great bravery. Lieutenants Tryon and McKee, of Companies B and C, who were wounded, are also deserving of especial notice.

The bearers of my colors (Sergeants Poppe and Howard) I must also mention, their actions proving them to be possessed of great courage, holding aloft the colors under a very hot fire.

Among the dead I cannot overlook the noble conduct of the Rev. O. N. Benton, me chaplain. In him we have to mourn the loss of a most useful man, one who encouraged my men by word and deed on all occasions, and who did not regard his won life while serving his country. Lieutenant George D. Allen, of Company I, who was instantly killed, also conducted himself with great gallantry.

I received an order to march my regiment to the right of the enemy's battery for rest. After remaining there some twenty minutes Lieutenant McCook, of the Marine Artillery, having charge of six howitzers (three of them captured from the enemy), with ammunition, which were to be sent to New Berne, I sent the regiment a distance of a quarter of a mile below to bring up cars for their transportation. Having placed them upon the cars they drew them to the bridge, which upon their arrival was found to have been burned by the enemy after fleeing across, as well as a portion of the city, which was still burning. Here I received an order to bivouac in a corn field to the right of the railroad, where I made my men as comfortable as the circumstances would allow.

I herewith transmit a list of killed and wounded and missing.*

I have the honor to be, general, your very obedient servant,

EDWARD FERRERO,

Colonel Fifty-first New York Volunteers.

General J. L. RENO,

Commanding Second Brigade, Department of North Carolina.

Numbers 14. Report of Colonel John F. Hartranft, Fifty-first Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTY-FIRST Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,In Cantonment near New Berne, N. C., March 16, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report for the information of the general commanding the brigade that after landing three companies of my regiment at Slocum's Landing on the 13th instant I was ordered to follow the Ninth New Jersey. Leaving Lieutenant Colonel Thomas S. Bell at

---------------

*Embodied in statement on p. 211.

---------------

