
the place of disembarkation to bring forward the remainder of the regiment as soon as landed, I moved forward after the Ninth up the beach. Finding Captain Bennett's gun (from the steamer Cossack) manned by an insufficient force, I made a detail of my men, who dragged it to the point where we left the river and there left it, with directions to Captain Bennett to apply to Lieutenant-Colonel Bell for assistance when he came up. I soon after overtook Lieutenant-Colonel Bell for assistance when he came up. I soon after overtook Lieutenant McCook, U. S. Navy, with his six-gun howitzer battery from the gunboats, and being so ordered by General Burnside detailed a company to assist in bringing it forward. I then pushed on with the brigade, and bivouacked with it on the railroad about 6 p. m. As soon as the remaining seven companies were disembarked they were marched forward by Lieutenant-Colonel Bell. On reaching Captain Bennett's gun he made the necessary detail to bring it on. He soon after overtook Lieutenant McCook's battery, whose men were very much exhausted, and receiving an order there from General Reno through you to render every assistance in bringing them to the front, took charge of the guns with his seven companies and the one I had left with them.

The ground, before reaching the county road, being very miry, and after reaching it exceedingly heavy, the labor was necessarily very severe and their progress slow. He proceeded with the battery and Bennett's gun, which had overtaken him, until 9.30 o'clock p. m., when an orderly that he had sent on to General Burnside returned with a message that he might bivouac if he thought best, but to have the guns up early in the morning. As the men seemed utterly unable to proceed without some rest, they bivouacked until 1 and 2 o'clock a. m. He then moved them forward and reported his arrival with all the guns to Generals Burnside and Reno at their headquarters at 4 a. m. The companies were again bivouacked until between 6 and 7 a. m., when, in accordance with General Reno's order, they united with me on the railroad. The movement on the enemy commenced almost immediately afterward, and in my position I proceeded up the railroad, and when near the enemy's works filed to the left into the woods with the brigade. I received the order to proceed to the extreme left and support the Ninth New Jersey and resist any attack of the enemy from their works on the left. The Ninth was soon engaged, and under a very heavy fire I brought my regiment into line, supporting the Ninth with my right wing and with my left covering the approaches from that quarter. My regiment remained in this position for some time, and at this point several of my men were wounded, though I sheltered them as much as possible by causing them to lie down. I sent my skirmishers to my immediate left, with orders not to fire, but merely to reconnoiter. They reported to me that the works of the enemy, of the same character as those in our front, extended as far as they could see. The Ninth moving farther to the front, I moved my regiment forward and farther to the left, so as to maintain the interval of about 100 feet between my regiment and the Ninth.

I desire to mention here that Lieutenant-Colonel Heckman, commanding the Ninth, was most persevering and energetic in the management of his regiment throughout the engagement. While in this position I received the order from General Reno to send my left wing to the assistance of the Fifty-first New York (engaged near me on the right), whose ammunition was running short. The left wing, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Bell, immediately marched on the double-quick to where the Fifty-first New York was engagement, and was formed in lien on the crest of the small hill about 125 yards from the enemy,

