
who were firing from behind their breastworks. After delivering a round, which had the effect of causing a slacking of the enemy's fire, General Reno ordered the firing to cease and directed Lieutenant-Colonel Bell to charge with his companies on the works of the enemy. This was immediately done with loud cheers, and struggling through the abatis and marsh that obstructed the approach through the ravine soon reached the battery and planted their colors inside. The enemy retreated while the charge was being made, leaving the two guns in the battery still loaded. The right wing immediately advanced and joined the left in the battery. The regiment was then formed and marched with the brigade up the railroad and bivouacked for the night.

During the engagement 9 of my men were wounded.

It is with pleasure that I am able to make particular mention of Lieutenant-Colonel Bell, who so gallantly led the charge of the left wing on the enemy's works. I also mention with pleasure the services rendered by Lieutenants Fair, Beaver, and Carman, who were very active from the time of landing, and especially during the engagement. They had been previously detailed to act as aides to me. Lieutenant Bible, my adjutant, was also very active and efficient. All my officers throughout the trying labors of the day of landing and during the engagement were most efficient, and by their patience, coolness, and gallantry inspired their men with confidence. The conduct of the men in forming and maintaining their line of battle under a heavy cross-fire and their gallantry in unhesitatingly charging the works of the enemy over obstacles deemed to be impassable are worthy of all praise. The band of my regiment, which was acting as an ambulance corps, were very efficient in removing my wounded as well as a number of the wounded of the Fifty-first New York and Ninth New Jersey. In conclusion I may say that I have every reason to be fully satisfied with the conduct and discipline of my regiment.

I am, captain, very respectfully, yours,

J. F. HARTRANFT,

Colonel, Commanding Fifty-first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain EDWARD M. NEILL,

Asst. Adjt. General Second Brigade, Coast Division.

Numbers 15. Report of Brigadier General John G. Parke, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA,Carolina City, March 22, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor respectfully to submit the following report of the operations of the troops under my command from the moment the signal for landing was displayed on the steamer of the commanding general on the morning of the 13th instant to the evening of the 14th, when New Berne was taken:

My brigade is made up of the following regiments: Fourth Rhode Island, colonel commanding I. P. Rodman; Eighth Connecticut, colonel commanding Edward Harland; Fifth Rhode Island Battalion, major commanding John Wright; Eleventh Connecticut, lieutenant-

