
Numbers 16. Report of Colonel Edward Harland, Eighth Connecticut Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH CONNECTICUT REGIMENT.

CAPTAIN: I herewith submit a report of the movements of the Eighth Regiment of Connecticut Volunteers during the engagement with the forces of the enemy near New Berne on the 14th of March, 1862.

At about 7 a. m. the regiment left the woods where they had bivouacked the night before. In accordance with orders from General Parke I conducted the regiment along the road int he direction of the rebel battery, following the Fourth Rhode Island Regiment. After proceeding for about a mile in this direction we turned to the left and approached through the woods the right of the principal battery. On approaching the edge of the woods in front of the intrenchments of the enemy I received orders from General Parke to remain there with the regiment until further orders. Afterward, being ordered to engage the enemy, I threw forward skirmishers preparatory to advancing in line. Our skirmishers being driven in and it being impossible to advance in this direction, I joined the Fourth Rhode Island, who were then on the railroad, and endeavored, if possible, to turn the enemy's right. We entered the battery in the rear of the brick-yard and found that the enemy had just abandoned it. I formed the regiments in line between the rebel breastworks and the woods and sent skirmishers into the woods. Finding that a direct advance in that direction would bring the regiment in contact with portions of General Foster's brigade, I so reported to General Parke, who ordered me to move more to the left, to the assistance of the Fifth Rhode Island. I filed through the woods, and when we arrived at the railroad the enemy were in full retreat in the direction of New Berne. The regiment then moved toward New Berne and occupied barracks on the right bank of the Trent. Considerable property was taken that had been abandoned by the enemy, though an attempt, partially successful, had been made to destroy it. Lieutenant Alexander, regimental quartermaster, has furnished Captain King, brigade quartermaster, with an inventory of all the property found.

Throughout the day the officers and soldiers of the regiment, though most of them were there under fire for the first time, behaved with commendable coolness and bravery.*

EDWARD HARLAND,Colonel, Commanding Eighth Regiment Conn. Vols.

Captain CHARLES T. GARDNER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigade, Dept. of North Carolina.

Numbers 17. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles Mathewson, Eleventh Connecticut Infantry.

ELEVENTH REGIMENT CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS.

SIR: On the morning of the 13th the Eleventh Regiment Connecticut Volunteers landed in small boats from the steamer Louisiana, the

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties reports 2 men killed and 1 officer (Captain Charles L. Upham) and 3 men wounded.

---------------

