
schooner Eva Bell, and the barges Shrapnel and Grapeshot, and immediately began the march toward New Berne, following the troops who had preceded them. They bivouacked at night, and upon the morning of the 14th, according to order, continued the march, dragging the guns of the Marine Artillery. Owing to the narrowness and the bad condition of the road the progress was slow, and the immense number of troops obstructing the passage caused the companies of become somewhat separated. Upon arriving before the enemy the howitzers were brought into battery by the companies having them in charge. In the absence of orders each company, as it left the guns, fell to he rear and reformed, but owing to a delay of fifteen or twenty minutes in bringing up the last guns the companies arriving first fell back and to the left and formed line of battle. Company C coming up last, and unable after leaving their guns to find the regiment, took position to the right of the Marine Artillery and on the left of the Massachusetts Twenty-fourth. (The denomination of the Massachusetts regiment may be incorrect.)

When the engagement was somewhat advanced the Eleventh Connecticut was ordered to relieve the Massachusetts Twenty-seventh. They formed line of battle 30 paces in advance of them and retained the position until the charge which carried the work was made, when they pushed forward, passed the breastworks, and formed in rear of the Connecticut Eighth. Meanwhile Company C, which had not rejoined the regiment, charged with the Massachusetts troops and placed the colors second upon the battery. The regiment resumed the march upon the left of the Rhode Island Fifth, passed up the railroad, and were assigned quarters in the old rebel cavalry quarters upon the right of the Connecticut Eighth.

Respectfully,

CHARLES MATHEWSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Eleventh Connecticut Regiment.

Numbers 18. Report of Colonel Isaac P. Rodman, Fourth Rhode Island Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH RHODE ISLAND REGIMENT,Camp near New Berne, March 17, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of the par taken by the Fourth Rhode Island in the battle of New Berne, March 14, 1862:

Landed from the steamer Eastern Queen, by the aid of the stern-wheeler Union, at a point some 16 miles below this place, on the southern bank of the River Neuse, at 10.30 o'clock a. m. Thursday, the 13th instant, and found the regiment on the marsh and woody land. By your orders took up line of march in rear of the Fifty-first Pennsylvania, continued on through the day, nothing of importance occurring. We bivouacked for the night, which was wet and stormy. The men, being well supplied with blankets and provisions, did not suffer from the exposure. On the morning of the 14th, at 6.30 a. m., we were again ready for a start, when your ordered me to follow the rear of General Foster's brigade, which I did, moving off on the right of our brigade. The road being very heavy, our marching was slow, when at about 8 o'clock a. m. heavy firing was heard ahead and on our left, General

