
when all did so well. Every wish and measure was promptly responded to by the officers of field, staff, and line, and this example the men were proud to follow. Surgeons Rivers, Millar, and Mr. Flanders, the chaplain, were indefatigable in their exertions for the comfort of the men.

* * * *

All of which is respectfully submitted.*

Your obedient servant,

I. P. RODMAN,

Colonel, Fourth Rhode Island Volunteers.

Numbers 19. Report of Major John Wright, Fifth Rhode Island Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTH REGIMENT RHODE ISLAND VOLUNTEERS,Camp Pierce, New Berne, N. C., March 18, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit to you the following report of the operations of the First Battalion of the Fifth Regiment Rhode Island Volunteers in the battle of the 14th instant:

At the signal given from the brigade flag-ship, on the morning of the 13th of March, 1862, the boats of the steam-transports Curlew and Eagle, in which the battalion was quartered, were cleared away, filled with men, and dispatched to the steamer Eastern Queen at about 8 o'clock. That forenoon I landed with three companies and a half, and with these took my position in line, according to orders, on the left of the Eighth Connecticut. I continued the march until I received the adjutant brought the two remaining companies into camp. At daybreak the 14th I formed the battalion in line, awaiting orders, which soon came, and wee to continue to follow on the left of the Eighth Connecticut. The column moved about 6.30 o'clock a. m. and passed slowly along the route followed the day before. Not long after the firing commenced in front, and the orders came to keep well closed up. Soon after Captain D'Wolf came down the line and ordered us to close up, and we commenced the double-quick.

After following the main road a short distance farther we turned off to the left and entered the woods. Just after we turned a cannon ball passed over our heads, which showed that we were approaching the battery, and caused us to press forward more eagerly to support the attack. After passing through a swampy place we came to a halt on the brow of a bluff, where we awaited further orders and the further movements of the Eighth Connecticut. As the bullets flew very thick over our heads we were ordered to lie down. When the Twenty-first Massachusetts was driven from the battery and the enemy made a sally the orders came to fix bayonets and prepare to receive a charge. We formed in line of battle, left in front, but as they were driven back before we saw them, we continued as we were before that. Our orders were still to continue on the left of the Eighth Connecticut. At last the orders came to turn the right flank of the enemy. We passed down into the hollow, filed off still farther to the left, and passed over

---------------

*A nominal list of casualties omitted above reports 1 officer and 10 men killed and 2 officers and 23 men wounded-total 36.

---------------

