
seventh North Carolina troops; Sloan's regiment; Brem's, Edelin's, Whitford's, Mayo's, Herring's, Leecraft's, and Sutton's companies.

Colonel Campbell is instructed to guard the river shore, and if he should be hard pressed you will send him such re-enforcements as you can spare. I will have two regiments in reserve. My headquarters will be on the Beaufort road, in the rear of the batteries. Have all your troops in position by daybreak. If compelled to fall back from the river shore and occupy Fort Thompson breastwork, you will hold so much of it as extends from the old Beaufort road to the river.

Very respectfully,

-----

-----

.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF PAMLICO,March 12, 1862-8.30 p. m.

Colonel R. P. CAMPBELL, Commanding:

It is presumed that the following troops have reported to you, to wit: Colonels Vance's and Sinclair's regiments; Captains Latham's, McRae's, Harding's, and Mallett's companies, and Colonel Spruill's cavalry. Send off couriers to-night, if you have no already done so, and give them orders. Colonel Sinclair's regiment is already at Fisher's Landing. That is the only body of troops that I have moved. Colonel Avery and Lieutenant-Colonel Haywood constitute the reserve, and will receive their orders directly from me.

You had better gather your force near you before daybreak. If the enemy attempt a landing, as he probably will in the morning, resist him with all the force you can bring to bear. If compelled to fall back, occupy so much of the Fort Thompson breastwork as extends from the Beaufort road to an impassable swamp on the extreme right. Guard well the Beaufort road where it crosses the breastwork. If the enemy attempt to land at Fisher's Landing, Sinclair will need strong re-enforcement. Explain to your officers that when they fall back they are to rally behind the Fort Thompson breastwork.

I have just directed that a cavalry company be sent to you immediately, so that you may have abundant couriers by whom to send your orders.

P. S.-My headquarters will be on the Beaufort road, in the rear of the batteries.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION,March 30, 1862.

Major General T. H. HOLMES,

Commanding Department of North Carolina:

GENERAL: I omitted, through inadvertence, to state in my official report of the battle of the 14th a very important movement. When, as stated in my report, an officer came to me from Colonel Clark, of the Militia, and informed me that the enemy were in line of battle in force on his right, I directed him to proceed immediately to Colonel Campbell with the information, and also sent one of my own couriers to guard against a miscarriage.

As soon as the Militia fled my aide-de-camp was sent to Colonel Lee, on the left, with orders to send his own regiment (the Thirty-seventh),

