
if he could possibly spare it, and in any event to send half of it, to the menaced point. Colonel Lee-calling the attention of my aide to the strong body of the enemy along his front with whom he was then engaged, to show how impossible it was for him to send all-promptly disengaged five companies of the Thirty-seventh and ordered them to the right. When they reached there Sinclair's regiment had fled, and they could not retrieve the disaster. I respectfully request that this may be made part of my official report.

Yours, very respectfully,

L. O'B. BRANCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Numbers 21. Report of Colonel Reuben P. Campbell, Seventh North Carolina Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTH Regiment NORTH CAROLINA TROOPS,March 25, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor very respectfully to make the following report of the late engagement, 14th instant, at Fort Thompson:

My command, consisting of the Seventh Regiment North Carolina troops, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Haywood; Thirty-fifth Regiment North Carolina troops, commanded by Colonel Sinclair; Captain Whitehurst's independent company; some Militia, under Colonel Clark, Captain Latham's battery, and two sections of Captain Brem's battery, were posted along the breastworks from the county road to the railroad. The Seventh Regiment was posted immediately on the right of the county road; Colonel Sinclair's regiment was posted on its right, and Captain Whitehurst and Colonel Clark on his right, extending near the railroad. The batteries were placed at convenient distances along the line.

The battle was commenced by the firing of a Parrott gun belonging to Captain Latham's battery, under command of Lieutenant Wheeler. This shot dispersed a squad of horsemen, who seemed to be reconnoitering under cover of the woods.

Immediately after this, about 7.20 o'clock, the firing became general from the enemy along the whole of my command. It was replied to by both the batteries and small-arms. Shortly after the firing began the Militia under Colonel Clark gave way and left the field in a panic.

About one hour after the firing commenced Colonel Sinclair came to me, and in much excitement said that the enemy had flanked him and was coming up the trenches which had been vacated by the Militia. I ordered him to leave the trenches for the purpose of charging bayonets upon the advancing columns; but he failed to form his men and left the field in confusion. This left the entire space occupied by my command to be defended by the batteries and by the Seventh Regiment North Carolina troops. One section of Brem's battery, left without support by Colonel Sinclair, was taken possession of by the enemy, who had continued his advance on the right. I ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Haywood to have his men leave the breastwork and charge bayonets upon the enemy, who was advancing in column. The charge was made, and the enemy driven over the breastworks with great slaughter, leaving a number of guns and other things in his retreat, which fell into our hands. We also retook the section of Brem's bat-

