
tery which had fallen into the hands of the enemy. With the aid of the Seventh Regiment and the batteries I then held the works until the enemy again appeared on our right with a greatly increased force, some six or eight regiments. The batteries, with the exception of one section, under Captain Latham, had been silenced, so that I had only it and the Seventh Regiment at my command. I ordered the troops to fall back, which they did under a very heavy fire, and a formed immediately in rear of Colonel Vance's encampment. After waiting a short time, and seeing no hope of defeating the enemy or offering further resistance to his approach or advancing our cause by meeting, I retired from the field.

The officers and men of the Seventh Regiment North Carolina troops and Captains Latham's and Brem's batteries behaved with coolness and bravery. I cannot speak of the other troops under my command, as they left the field too early in the action for me to say anything about them.

From the report of the officers under my command the following are the casualties: 13 privates and 1 officer killed, 34 privates and 1 officer wounded, and 34 privates missing.*

R. P. CAMPBELL,

Colonel Seventh Regiment North Carolina Troops.

General L. O'B. BRANCH,

Kinston, N. C.

No. 22. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Ed. Graham Haywood, Seventh North Carolina Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTH Regiment NORTH CAROLINA TROOPS,March 25, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor very respectfully to report that my command, the Seventh Regiment North Carolina troops, behaved well in the late engagement at Fort Thompson. The command, with the exception of Company F, Captain Turner, was posted on the right of the county road, behind the breastworks, and ordered to defend them and support the artillery. Company F was posted on the left of the road. They held their positions until flanked on the right by the enemy. They were then ordered to leave the trenches and charge bayonets upon the enemy, which they did, driving him beyond the breastworks until flanked again by the same direction with a greatly increased force, some six or eight regiments, when I feel back into the woods in rear of Colonel Vance's camp and there formed. Seeing no hope of defeating the enemy, I then, with the command, retired from the field. Major Hall, with three companies, preceded me.

The casualties were 6 men killed, 15 wounded, and 30 missing; among the wounded Captain W. H. Sanford, regimental commissary.

ED. GRAHAM HAYWOOD,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Seventh Regiment North Carolina Troops.

General L. O'B. BRANCH.

---------------

*But see addenda to Branch's report, p.247.

---------------

