
Roads as soon as steam can be gotten up; also the Marblehead or any other gunboat ready.

Answer.

GIDEON WELLES.

MARCH 11, 1862-9 a. m.

Brigadier-General MEIGS:

I am now ready to send the only 11-inch gun here to its position on Giesborough Point. It is probably the only heavy gun in this vicinity.

it blew so freshly yesterday that there was danger of the scow foundering on the way if sent. It is still considered necessary to mount it?

Captain Wyman considers more barges necessary than those to be sent. He wrote me that none of them had reached him at midnight, but they were met going down.

JNO. A. DAHLGREN.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington City, March 11, 1862-12.27 p. m.

Captain JOHN A. DAHLGREN,

Commanding Washington Navy Yard:

I take if for granted that all measures of precaution ordered are to be carried out, having on orders to the contrary.

How many more canal-boats should be sent down? I will order eight more made ready and sent as soon as possible, and as many more as you desire.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

March 11, 1862.

General JOHN E. WOOL, Fort Monroe, Va.:

Let the name of the gun heretofore known as the "Floyd" be changed, and hereafter be called the "Lincoln." What are you now doing with the two big guns? Can they be mounted on the beach so as to be available for defense? Do you want any in mounting them? If there is a carriage for the 12-inch gun, mount the 15-inch gun in that carriage, and let another carriage be prepared to the 12-inch gun.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FORTRESS MONROE,

March 11, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

Nothing of importance has occurred to-day. The enemy, under the command of Magruder, in some force about 8 miles Newport News, expecting, no doubt, that the Merrimac, called the Virginia, will again make her appearance.

The Fifty-eight Pennsylvania Regiment arrived this morning. The First Michigan is expected this evening.

I sent this day a flag of truce to Craney Island. No information was attained in regard to the injury sustained by the Merrimac. She reached Norfolk on Sunday evening.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

