
on an intended to join my regiment at the bridge, but found it on fire, so had to cross Bryce's Creek; and on getting over learned our troops had made no stand at New Berne; continued the retreat to Trenton, in connection with Colonel Vance, who crossed the creek with me, and learning at Trenton our troops were making a stand at Kinston, made a forced march, and reached that point on Sunday morning about 10 o'clock, which made a march of 50 miles in about thirty-six hours.

Captain Engelhard, quartermaster, Captain Gibson, commissary, and our surgeons, Drs. Baker and Shaffner, all did their duty very well indeed. Dr. Shaffner was of great assistance to me on the march.

We entered the field with 614 men, but lost in killed, wounded, and missing 196. Among this number we have reason to believe our loss in killed and wounded is greater than the number taken as prisoners. Our brave colonel is a prisoner.

Captain Cowan, Company A, was first ordered into the fight and sustained a very heavy loss. His officers acted most bravely, and Private David Phifer is highly spoken of for his bravery before he was killed. He was killed while carrying a message from Major Lewis to Colonel Avery. Private Dolchite is also spoken of in the captain's report for having thrown away his clothing in order to swim the creek and save his gun. He is a boy of sixteen years of age.

Captain Jenkins, Company B, is reported, as also his officers and men, for having acted well in every particular.

Captain Kesler, Company C, and Lieutenant Corzine and men, acted well. Lieutenant Patterson displayed fear. All the officers and men behaved well except Captain Parker, who left the scene of action too soon.

Captain McIntyre, in the retreat, ordered his men to go home, and Lieutenant Rayle did not report himself at all the morning the regiment left for the engagement. Sergeant Babb and Private Daniel Webb are spoken of by Lieutenant Gatling as having acted well.

Very respectfully, yours,

R. F. HOKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

General L. O'B. BRANCH.

No. 27. Report of Colonel James Sinclair, Thirty-fifth North Carolina Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-FIFTH Regiment NORTH CAROLINA TROOPS,Kinston, N. C., March 19, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that on Wednesday, the 12th instant, at 4 p.m., I received orders to march down to Fisher's Landing, to oppose the landing of the enemy at that place, reported to be in force with his fleet down the river.

I left New Berne, according to orders, at 6.30 p.m., with my command, by railroad, and arrived at the point designated at 8 o'clock that night about 9 miles below the town. At the time I arrived there ws sufficient moonlight to enable me to see that the enemy in heavy force was not far distant. I could distinctly hear the music of his bands and even the singing of his men on the fleet. Making Fisher's Landing my center, I posted pickets on each side of the landing, extending 3 miles

