
to you a report of the left wing at the battle of Johnston's Cross-Roads:

On Wednesday afternoon, at about 5 o'clock, I received from you notice that the enemy were advancing up the river, and later the same information was received by Captain Herring. I rode down to the batteries and ordered everything in readiness.

At 10 p.m I got notice from you of my command, and immediately issued orders to all to be in readiness and gave them appropriate instructions. Under these Captain Brem packed up his baggage and it has been saved. Captain Brem was afterward transferred to Colonel Campbell's command, and will report through him.

Thursday the enemy spent the day in shelling the woods below, and toward evening some of the men built fires (which were immediately extinguished), when our lines were shelled for about one and a half hours, without injury to any one.

About 8 p.m. notice was sent you of signals on our right flank.

About 7.30 a.m. on the 14th we fired a 12-pounder gun at the enemy, and a few minutes afterward the battle commenced in earnest. A warm attack was made at the Beaufort road; but Captain Latham's artillery was fired with such precision that they made no advance, though they kept up a constant fire here during the whole engagement. The piece on the left hand on the Beaufort road was commanded by Captain Latham in person, and after all his men except 3 were either killed or dangerously wounded and rendered unfit for service, the piece was served effectively for some twenty minutes, until the day was lost, when he barely escaped. After the attempt on the Beaufort road the foe flanked to the right and moved in heavy column toward our left flank; but having given notice to Colonel Crossan of their approach, he opened on them with grape from three 32-pounders with such terrible effect that after about six shots they fell back; and though they kept up a constant and warm fire, they made no advance toward the work.

Some time after this the firing became hotter, when I received from you an order to send some re-enforcements to Colonel Campbell. I ordered the left wing of my regiment to his support and made further arrangements to cover my own flank. The men of the Twenty-seventh and Thirty-seventh Regiments did not fire a shot except a few who were armed with long-range rifles, and this ominous silence was properly appreciated. The men of these regiments, and also of Fort Thompson, appeared always cool and deliberate. While the left wing of the Thirty-seventh moved over to the right they were subjected to a galling fire and suffered to some extent. (See inclosed report of Lieutenant-Colonel Barbour.) Major Gilmer, of the Twenty-seventh, and Lieutenant-Colonel Barbour, of the Thirty-seventh, moved from place to place within the limits of their respective commands, and by their presence and example encouraged their commands very much. One piece-the right piece-in Fort Thompson, which bears on the land, was dismounted, but mounted again by Captain Herring and the carriage properly repaired. Five men in the fort were wounded; none, I believe, dangerously.

Shortly after the left wing of the Thirty-seventh was sent to Colonel Campbell's aid, I observed his regiment moving rapidly to the rear through Colonel Vance's camp. I galloped over and demanded where they were going, when I was informed that they were in full retreat. I hastened back and saw the enemy advancing upon our works. Feeling assured that the regiments which were retreating could not be rallied, I ordered my command to fall back, and passed on to the batteries to

