
ordered a rally and reformation of the line, in which I was promptly aided by every officer present to my view and for the moment thought I should succeed, but the cry was made that the regulars had retreated; the panic was renewed and increased and my influence as a commander gone.

A few, perhaps 20 in all, with their officers, rallied and volunteered to return and obey my orders; but believing it would involve a sacrifice of life to them, being untutored, as we were, in the art of war, I declined to do so, and in my efforts to rally others to join them became separated from these.

In the retreat I joined you at the railroad crossing, when you proposed to rally and cover the retreat. There I rallied a squad of the Athens Guards and Cow Creek Volunteers, with most of their officers; but soon the retreating column came on and this joined with them.

Leaving you there I went, together with Adjutant Roberts and Lieutenant Mitchell, to burn the tents at Colonel Lee's encampment. From this point we went to Trent (Clairmont) Bridge and found Major Hall making an effort to reform a regiment, and at his request took position on the bridge, to prevent soldiers passing, and remained there until an officer, said to be Lieutenant Burrows, took charge. At the close of the day I parted with you at Tuscarora, having received orders to rally my command and report at this place.

I have made as accurate report to Colonel Campbell of the number of my command in action, of the number killed, wounded, and missing, as I could gather from the commanders of companies. It is believed there were certainly 4 killed and 15 wounded, and there are many missing.

Respectfully,

H. J. B. CLARK,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General L. O'B. BRANCH,

District of Pamlico.

No. 31. Report of Lieutenant J. L. Haughton, Macon Mounted Guards.

KINSTON, N. C., March 16, 1862.

According to orders from Brigadier-General Branch I left the Thompson breastworks at 8.30 p.m. on the 13th instant with 10 of my men and proceeded to Evans' Mill to establish a picket guard, which I did, but did not see anything worth reporting.

The next morning a little before day I, with my men, proceeded to the bridge on the road leading from Captain Evans' to Croatan Battery. At light we commenced cutting it away, and after clearing it I then sent my men some 300 yards in a bottom. I then set fire to the abutment of the bridge and all the plank that would have been of service to the enemy.

All the while I was cutting and burning their pickets were firing upon us at a great rate. I encouraged my men all I could, so they stood until I sent them off. After seeing the last of the bridge I then made an attempt to rejoin my company, but was cut off by their picket. I attempted the second time by a new route, but met with like fate. I then made a third trial, and after going for more than a mile I came

