
across a negro, belonging to Dr. Curtis, of New Berne, who was trying to make his escape from the enemy, as he was tired of living with them. I stopped to ask him some questions, and he told me not to go any farther or else I should be taken. I then countermarched my men, and as they turned balls fell around us as fast as hailstones. We retired in perfect order. I had not gone far before we found ourselves surrounded. My only chance then was to charge upon their pickets. It happened just at that time the firing had ceased at the battery, and the picket supposing that we were cavalry in pursuit of them, so they ran from us faster than we from them. I then made my escape through Trenton, reaching Kinston at sunup Sunday morning completely exhausted, both men and horses.

Very respectfully submitted.

J. L. HAUGHTON,

Second Lieutenant Macon Mounted Guards.

Captain P. G. EVANS,

Kinston, N. C.

MARCH 20-21, 1862.-Expedition to Washington, N. C.

Report of Colonel Thomas G. Stevenson, Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Infantry.

NEW BERNE, March 23, 1862.

Agreeably to orders received from General Foster I embarked the Twenty-fourth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers on the 19th instant on board the steamer Guide, and on the morning of the 20th, at 7 o'clock, got under way for Washington. Followed the gunboats Delaware, Louisiana, and Commodore Barney. At 7 o'clock same evening came to anchor off the mouth of the Pamlico River. The next morning at daylight we again got under way, and at 10 o'clock arrived at within about 6 miles of Washington, when we discovered their deserted batteries without guns, two on the south bank of the river and the other one on the north. We also discovered here a barricade, consisting of piles cut off about 3 feet below the surface. As I found it would be impossible to carry the steamer Guide up to the city even if the barrier was removed, on account of her drawing too much water, I went on board the steamer Delaware and conferred with Captain Quackenbush, who kindly offered to take two companies up in his steamer; and as the mayor, who had come down to meet us, assured us that there were no troops in the city and as all signs confirmed their statement, I placed Companies I and G on board the Delaware and steamed up to the city, where we found a large number of persons on the wharves. I landed the two companies and marched to the court-house, where we nailed the Stars and Stripes to a flag-pole which we found in front of the court-house. The band played national airs and the men cheered. We then marched through some of the principal streets and returned to the boat. While in the city not a man left the ranks or behaved otherwise than as if on drill.

I was glad to notice considerable Union sentiment expressed by the inhabitants. From quite a number of houses we were saluted by waving handkerchiefs, and from one the national flag, with the motto, "The Union and the Constitution," was displayed. A large number of the inhabitants expressed a wish that sufficient force could be sent there to protect them against the rebels.

