
of the 25th instant and kept it up until 4 o'clock p.m., throwing 1,100 shot and shell, of which 560 struck the fort, dismounting 17 guns, killing 8 men, and wounding 26 others.

About 7.30 in the morning the naval vessels came into action, and continued their fire until the high winds made it so rough outside the bar they were compelled to withdraw. I beg to refer you to the report of the commander of the fleet for more definite information, but I will add that their fire was well directed and was of material aid in the reduction of the fort. The intrepidity with which the vessels were brought within close range of the fort in a sea rolling to a fearful extent commanded the admiration of all who witnessed the sight.

In the mean time the officers and men who accompanied me, aided by Lieutenant Franklin and Midshipman Porter, of the Navy, were getting Nichols' and Baxter's two floating batteries, with four rifled Parrott 30-pounder guns and one Wiard 12-pounder gun into position, but only one of them was able to participate in the conflict in consequence of the high winds.

At 4 o'clock p.m.. a flag of truce was hoisted on the parapets, when our batteries ceased firing, and a party coming from the fort bearing a white flag was met by a party from the trenches, when it was ascertained that Colonel White had sent the flag for the purpose of knowing upon what terms he could surrender the fort. General Parke was sent for, and upon coming up he informed the bearer of the flag that the surrender must be unconditional. They informed him of the terms I had offer to Colonel White before the fire had opened and requested a cessation of hostilities until I could be communicated with, which was granted by General Parke; and he sent a message to me stating that Colonel White desired to know on what conditions he could surrender the fort, and without knowing the answer given by him I sent a reply allowing the same conditions I had offered before the firing commenced. There was a very great delay in sending this answer, owing to the fact that it had to be borne part of the way by water, while the wind and tide were so strong that it was almost impossible to move a boat against them.

In the mean time General Parke started for my boat, reaching there at 4 a.m.. on the 26th. He had met my answer on the way, but deferred communicating it to Colonel White until he had seen me. Upon consultation we agreed that if an unconditional surrender was demanded the enemy would in all probability stand one day's more bombardment, thereby occasioning and additional destruction of property in the fort, and inasmuch as I have always intended to release them on their parole if they surrendered, as I did the prisoners taken on Roanoke Island, we did not think it wise to allow a technicality in negotiating to prevent us from accomplishing the same result in a less time, and thereby prevent an additional destruction of life and property. The answer was communicated to Colonel White early on the morning of the 26th, soon after which he came on board my boat, where he and General Parke arranged the inclosed terms of capitulation.

We immediately landed at the fort, went up to trenches, brought the guard that was in them to the fort, and placed them as a guard on the glacis. The garrison of the fort marched out as prisoners of war and stacked their arms on the glacis, after which Colonel White lowered the rebel flag, which was taken possession of by General Parke, who hoisted in its stead an American flag which was found in the fort. The prisoners then signed their paroles and were embarked on vessels with their private property, such as clothing, bedding, &amp;c., and have

