
been transported-some to Wilmington, others to Beaufort, and the remainder to this place.

By this surrender we come into possession of the fort and its armament of 54 guns, 400 prisoners, a large amount of ammunition, commissary, and quartermaster's stores, some 40 horses with their equipments, 500 stand of rifles and muskets with full equipments, and a considerable amount of implements incident to the complete equipment.

Of the skill, courage, and endurance displayed in this siege I will allow General Parke to speak in his detailed report. The result proves that the work was conducted by the right man. I inclose my congratulatory order.

I beg to make a further explanation of my reasons for determining to release these prisoners whenever the fort should be taken. I am becoming daily more convinced that the release of our prisoners at Roanoke Island was of material advantage to us; and as a large majority of the men in the fort were from the counties bordering on the sound, which are more strongly Union than any other counties in this State, many of them being Union men themselves and nearly all of the anxious to get to their homes, I felt sure that it would create a much better impression in this community, and thereby strengthen our cause, by releasing them on parole than by sending them to the North. Another important reason for coming to this decision was, the sending them North would deprive me of considerable transportation, which is very valuable to me here now.

During the siege and bombardment I have been aided in communicating with General Parke not only by my own staff, but by almost every member of the staff of Generals Foster, Reno, and Parke.

I am sorry to record the loss of 1 man killed and 2 wounded from our side on the day of the bombardment. The names will be given by General Parke in his detailed report.

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding Department of North Carolina.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Core Sound, April 23, 1862.

Colonel MOSES J. WHITE,

Commanding Fort Macon:

COLONEL: I have arrived here with additional means of attacking your position. General Parke is now ready, but by my orders there has not been a single shot fired at the fort by the army. I deem it my duty to again summon you to surrender the place in its present condition, in which case you and your garrison will be allowed to return to your homes on parole.

This proposition is made with a view to saving human life. Should you not accept these terms, the consequences of an attack and an assault must rest upon you.

Captain Herman Biggs, my chief quartermaster, bears this, and will return will an answer. Lieutenant E. N. Strong accompanies him.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General Commanding.

