
Tell the Navy people of these two big ships and cargo.

On this county road there are two points where main roads come in from the Swansborough side, and at these I will establish a guard to protect my wagon train until the railroad is in running order. The enemy may send some cavalry in from that side, but I don't think there is much danger.

MARCH 25-12.45.

Colonel Harland has just reported to me that it is out of the question to get our boats up from Morehead owing to the interference of our old friends the wind, tide, and shoals. I have therefore postponed my trip to the Banks, and it must be all for the best.

Now I will wait for the boat howitzers and their crews and make a lodgment by daylight. Please send them forthwith by rail.

In addition to the schooner I can raise four large boats, but only nine oars. Send some extra ones.

Pell will tell you the condition of the bridge, &amp;c.

As I have not taken steps toward seizing these ships, let Commodore Rowan send an officer down at once to act in the matter. I will furnish him men, and let the howitzers follow as soon as possible.

Let Flagler and Morris have a lot of contrabands, with some teams to carry their ordnance to the railroad, so that it can be run down here on the completion of the bridge.

The people here are all frightened. What shall I do about the oath of allegiance and neutrality?

Please send me the forms and instructions about administering them. I have administered but two oaths of neutrality. Please send some blank passes.

There are some rabid secessionists about here, but they don't make their appearance.

My command is in good health and spirits, excepting the two companies in Morehead; they are bivouacking, but have good shelter.

We except to supply ourselves with fish, &c.

Very faithfully, yours,

JNO G. PARKE.

[General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE.]

P. S.-I send the prisoner by Pell, together with the papers found on him.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE,Carolina City, March 26, 1862.

GENERAL: Yesterday morning I received a visit from Mr. Rumley and Mr. Chadwick on "behalf of the citizens of Beaufort." They expressed the thanks of the citizens for the courtesy and consideration shown them, but were forced to acknowledge that they were powerless in reference to cutting off communication with the fort. They told me that they had communicated with White in reference to my proposition, and he replied that he would not permit us to land in Beaufort; he would shell the town, &c. This of course disgusted the citizens of Beaufort, and I think they express the sentiments of the Beaufort portion of the garrison-about the company.

At the close of the interview Mr. Rumley asked me what course I intended to pursue. I replied that my mind was made up, and that

