
they would soon hear from me. He informed me that there were no supplies for troops in the town; that they had not more than three months, for themselves, and, as all communication with Hyde County was cut off, they were in a sorry plight.

Last night I sent Major Allen, with two companies, over to Beaufort, but as yet I have no report from him, nor have we any reports from the fort.

I ordered him to seize all boats, and, if possible, surprise any parties that might be there from the fort. I ordered that no passes be granted unless the parties take the oath of allegiance, excepting passes to come and see me.

I look to-day for some of our Navy people and a boat howitzer.

My two old pilots returned last night from up the Banks. They report a rough sea outside. We can see the enemy's outposts on the Banks opposite in small squads.

I can't learn whether or not they have any small pieces mounted at the salt-works. As that is a good landing I think it possible, and therefore would rather postpone a landing until we can bring at least one howitzer to bear upon them and feel them before we expose too many men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO G. PARKE,

Brigadier-General Volunteers.

General BURNSIDE.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, DEPT. NORTH CAROLINA,Carolina City, March 31, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the complete investment of Fort Macon.

Three companies are stationed in Beaufort and two in Morehead City, with instructions to cut off all communications between those points and the fort. The commanding officers at these post have seized all the boats.

On the 29th I sent a reconnoitering party over to the Banks, consisting of 20 men, with a commissioned officer. Meeting no resistance, the party remained through the night.

During yesterday I sent the remainder of the company over, and to-night I will send over another company.

As soon as the signal officers arrive I will detail an officer for that station and send another to the fleet.

Captain Morris has just arrived with the Parrott guns. The Newport Bridge being finished, they were brought through by rail.

As soon as the boats come over from Beaufort I will send this battery over to the Banks and commence operations.

In my opinion these guns and mortars will be required ultimately, and will do more service on the Banks than they could at Morehead.

The railroad embankment at Morehead will serve us a good purpose in mountain and serving the 100-pounder rifle.

I have now in confinement Mr. Josiah F. Bell, the collector of Beaufort. I will send him up to you, together with papers, &amp;c., and a report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO G. PARKE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General BURNSIDE.

