
CAROLINA CITY, April 8, 1862-noon.

GENERAL: I sent a dispatch to you yesterday evening, and as the sergeant has not yet returned I fear he may have been intercepted by the rebel cavalry between Havelock and New Berne.

In the dispatch I inclose Colonel Wilson's report* of an attack upon his outside pickets by the rebel cavalry, wounding 1 man and probably taking 1 prisoner.

This morning he reports that not only 1 but 8 are missing; that he increased the picket last night, but nothing further occurred. To-day he sends out four companies to burn the county-road bridges.

This second dispatch I sent you this morning, and fearing that the bearer may be waylaid beyond Havelock, I will send this by Slocum's Creek.

I am informed that Captain King some two or three days ago, heard some cavalry, I believe two, on a cross-road near the deserted battery, Croatan, and shortly after he saw a rocket. Now this may be mere rumor. Still it behooves us to look out. I will write King to make a report to you of the circumstances.

We sent quite a large main this morning. I sincerely hope it has not been picked up by the enemy.

The balance of the Ninth New Jersey should be sent down to Newport at once, and I think it advisable to have strong pickets posted throughout the railroad; but it is out of the question for me to attend to it from this point.

The stern-wheeler cannot reach the Banks, and taking advantage of the tides is a slow progress.

Morris' company goes over this evening, the Eighth Connecticut during the night, and then I will send all the Fourth Rhode Island, excepting two companies, which I will leave here. The two launches with howitzers are here; these can protect the retreat of the two companies to the stern-wheeler if forced to retire; this is hardly to be expected.

I wish I had some cavalry down here to drive these rebels out of the country. I do not believe there are more than two companies of them.

In haste, yours, faithfully,

JNO G. PARKE.

General BURNSIDE.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA,Beaufort, N. C., May 9, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor respectfully to submit the following report of the movements and operations of the troops under my command from the date of their embarking at New Berne, March 19, up to the reduction of Fort Macon, April 26:

On the 19th the Fourth Rhode Island Regiment, Colonel I. P. Rodman commanding, and the Eighth Connecticut Regiment, Colonel Edward Harland commanding, were embarked, and on the 20th we steamed down the Neuse to Slocum's Creek, and, preceded by the gunboat Picket, followed up this latter stream to the landing place previously determined on by the commanding general.

The Fifth Rhode Island Battalion, Major John Wright commanding, marched from New Berne down the railroad, and joined us at Havelock Station, a mile and one-half distant from Slocum's Creek Landing.

---------------

*See p.295.

---------------

