
The 10-inch mortar battery was commanded by Lieutenant Flagler, of the Ordnance, assisted by Captain Ammon, Third New York Artillery, and Captain Pell, aide-de-camp to the general commanding, who volunteered his services. The 8-inch mortar battery was commanded by Lieutenant Prouty, of the Twenty-fifth Massachusetts Regiment, assisted by Lieutenants Thomas and Kelsey, of the Third New York Artillery. The result shows the efficiency with which the batteries were worked, and I take great pleasure in acknowledging my thanks to these officers.

From the time of our first occupying the ground immediately in front of the fort very severe and onerous duty was performed by the officers and men of the Fourth Rhode Island, Eighth Connecticut, and Fifth Rhode Island Battalion. Owing to companies being detached from the first two regiments and their otherwise weak condition the tour of duty in the trenches and on advance picket guard returned every third day. This, in connection with a march of 3 1/2 miles through heavy sand to and from camp and occasional fatigue duty, was beginning to tell fearfully on both officers and men; still they bore it all without complaint, and it gives me pleasure to commend them as soldiers of true grit.

The Ninth New Jersey Regiment guarded our route of supplies, and rendered most efficient service in completely protecting our line of communication from raids of the rebel cavalry, who were constantly prowling about the country.

During the investment of the work and active operations of the siege I kept up constant communication with my force by means of the officers of the Signal Corps. From favorable positions previously determined upon these officers were enabled to report to the commanding officers of the batteries the effect of their shot and shell.

During the action I have to report the following loss: 1 killed and 2 wounded. Killed, Private William R. Dart, Company I, Third New York Artillery. He fell, struck by a round shot, while in the performance of his duty resetting a pointing stake on the parapet of the 10-inch mortar battery. Wounded, Sergeant Hynes and Private Bonnet, of Company C, First United States Artillery.

The reported killed and wounded in the fort is as follows: Killed, 8; wounded, 20.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO G. PARKE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Division.

Captain LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 3. Report of Lieutenant Daniel W. Flagler, U. S. Ordnance Department.

FORT MACON, N. C., April 29, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit for your information the following report of the disposition made of the siege batteries used in the attack upon Fort Macon:

I was detailed for duty with the Third Division in the Department of North Carolina on the 19th of March, and, in accordance with an order from General Parke, turned over a Parrot-gun battery of three rifled

