
the mortars, but owing to the distance of the camp from the battery and hard walking in the loose sand we did not reach there till 3.30 p.m.., and before we could open fire I was ordered by you to await further orders before doing so. The men remained in the battery during the night, and I opened fire, as your ordered, about 5.30 a.m.. The first shells falling shot, the charges were increased and a good range was obtained in a short time. A steady and effective fire was kept up from each piece until 11 p.m.., when the bolster of No. 4 was broken by the recoil, and that was not worked until about 1 p.m.., when, having been repaired, it was again opened. At 3 p.m.. I received an order from you that a reserve of ammunition should be kept for contingencies during the night, and from 3.20 p.m.. to 5 but two pieces were used. At that time firing was suspended, the enemy showing a white flag. The firing during the afternoon was very fine, nearly every shell bursting within or over the fort. During the night of the 25th shell and ammunition were brought, and at daylight of the 26th the men were at their posts, and everything in good order to open fire, had it been necessary.

Very efficient service was rendered me by Lieutenants Thomas and Kelsey, and the conduct of the men was beyond praise.

I am happy to report that no casualties occurred; but two of the enemy's shell bursting in or over the battery.

Very respectfully,

M. F. PROUTY,

Lieutenant Co. C, 25th Mass. Vols., Commanding 8-inch Mortar Battery.

Lieutenant D. W. FLAGLER.

No. 5. Report of Captain Lewis O. Morris, First U. S. Artillery.

FORT MACON, N. C., April 28, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of Company C, First Artillery, during the siege and reduction of Fort Macon:

As you are aware, I was ordered to leave my light battery at New Berne and report to you with three Parrot 30-pounder guns as part of the siege train for the reduction of Fort Macon, and that they did their work well the sequel has proved.

After the investment of the fort and a careful reconnaissance it was decided to place my battery at a distance of 1,500 yards from the fort, the 10-inch mortar battery about 200 yards in rear, and the 8-inch mortar battery about 200 yards to the right and front. As these batteries were constructed under fire, much of the work was done at night, which, added to the fact that guns, ammunition, and materials were transported through deep and some 3 1/2 miles, will prove that it was no light labor which the men performed so cheerfully and so well.

The company, having worked all night, completed the battery, on the morning of the 25th of April, and at 5.30 I opened fore on the fort the first shot striking the parapet. The mortar batteries followed immediately, and shot and shell were poured rapidly into the fort, which returned the fire with spirit. For several hours the fire from the fort

19 R R-VOL IX

