
was rapid and well sustained, and 8 and 10 inch shell and shoot, 32-pounder shot and shell, 24-pounder shot and rifled projectiles were pouching the ground in furrows before the battery, striking the parapet or exploding in front and rear. After that time they served a less number of guns.

Six 32-pounder shot passed through my embrasures, one of which struck the Parrott gun on the left of the battery, but fortunately did not disable it. The piece was struck on the chase and wrought-iron band, carrying away the breech sight. About the same time a 10-inch shell fell upon the wheel of a limber and shattered it. This was all the damage to my battery by the enemy's fire.

About 9 o'clock in the morning the blockading fleet engaged the fort and withdrew after an hour's firing. During the afternoon the fire from the batteries was rapid and effective, so much so that about 5 o'clock a white flag was displayed from the fort and a proposition to surrender was made. The following morning the flag of the Union was floating over another rebel fortification. There was fired during the day from my three guns 450 shot and shell, and the effects of these projectiles are seen everywhere in disabled guns and broken walls. One shot disabled two guns, 8 and 10 inch columbiads; another passed through a bar of railroad iron and buried itself in the wall. The scarp wall was protected by the glacis, but occasionally a shot would strike this wall and penetrate over 2 feet. Had this wall been exposed to a direct fire from these guns it could have been breached in a few hours. Nineteen guns were disabled by my fire. From rapid and continued firing the vents of all my guns were enlarged, one of them so much as to render the gun unserviceable.

To the officers and men of the command I am indebted for the coolness and skill with which they served the pieces. First Lieutenant G. W. Gowan, Forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, attached to my company, and Second Lieutenant W. K. Pollock, First Artillery, each had charge of a piece, which they pointed themselves during most of the day and disabled many of the enemy's guns. Sergeant Reynolds and Corporal Leahy rendered efficient service as gunners and made some fine shots. Sergeant Thompson did good service in the magazine, filling and fusing shell and serving out ammunition. Nine of my men were detailed to serve as gunners in the two mortar batteries, which service they performed to the satisfaction of the commanders of these batteries. These men were replaced by nine men from Captain Ammon's company I, Third Regiment New York Volunteer Artillery, who did their duty well. It gives me pleasure to report that during the day only two men, Sergeant Hynes and Private Bonnet, were slightly wounded.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEWIS O. MORRIS,

Captain, First Lieutenant, Commanding Company C.

Captain CHARLES T. GARDNER,

A. A. G., Third Division.

No. 6. Report of Colonel Isaac P. Rodman, Fourth Rhode Island Infantry.
HDQRS. FOURTH REGIMENT RHODE ISLAND VOLS.,DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA.

Beaufort, N. C., May 1, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the action of the Fourth Rhode

