
APRIL 7, 1862.-Skirmish near Newport, N. C.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Lieutenant Colonel James Wilson, Ninth New Jersey Infantry.

No. 2.-Captain John Boothe, C. S. Army.

No. 1. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James Wilson, Ninth New Jersey Infantry.

NEWPORT BARRACKS, N. C.,

April 7, 1862-2.30 p.m..

GENERAL: I have to inform you that our outside pickets on the Cedar Point road were attacked this noon at about 1 o'clock by a force of about 40 cavalry mounted and about 20 on foot, who made a sudden dash upon our post.

In skirmishing we had 1 man shot, wounded, and are fearful 1 made prisoner. This information I have from courier sent in.

Our men stood the attack and returned the fire, killing one horse, but are unable to learn any other damage, as the enemy retreated at a rapid rate, but suppose they must have killed or wounded some.

I have sent forward another company to strengthen this post, who arrived there soon after the attack.

Awaiting your orders,* I remain your most obedient servant,

JAMES WILSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Ninth Regiment New Jersey Vols.

Major General J. G. PARKE.

No. 2. Report of Captain John Boothe, C. S. Army.

JONES COUNTY, N. C., April 8, 1862.

SIR: According to your instructions I make the following report of my progress since Saturday last:

I took my march toward Carteret County on Saturday, and reached Mr. Foscue's, on the Beaufort road, 20 miles below Trenton.

Sunday I was joined by Captain Hill and 50 of his men and proceeded toward Beaufort. At sunset I halted, and sent forward to ascertain the number and position of the enemy's advance reported to be ahead. At 1 o'clock in the night my scouts came in, not able to find anything, and I proceeded to Eli Saunders' and fed my horses and men.

Monday morning I was joined by Lieutenant Humphreys with about 30 men. By agreement with Captain Hill and Lieutenant Humphreys I divided the whole force into four platoons of about 30 men each, placing the men with the best arms in the first platoon. This platoon I placed under command of Lieutenant Eure and sent it forward as an advance down the road from Saunders' toward Newport. I followed with the other three platoons and their commanders a short distance behind the advance. After going within 5 miles of Newport the

---------------

*See Parke to Burnside, April 8, in "Correspondence, etc," post.

---------------

