
advance saw a squad of 5 of the enemy and charged them, capturing 3 and killing 2. About 200 yards in advance of the first squad there was another squad of 12, which being discovered, Lieutenant Eure rallied his platoon and charged them, killing 1 and capturing 6. Most of the enemy fired their muskets without injuring a house or man on our side. In five minutes after the ceased two companies of the enemy came in sight and fired upon us and fell into the march. By their fire the only damage done was the killing of my horse under me. I ordered the men to retire down the hill, as there was no chance to charge them from a miry causeway. With out 9 prisoners I retraced my steps to this place last night.

As the first platoon did the principal work, I deem it sheer justice to say that they behaved with great bravery.

I let Lieutenant Humphreys take charge of 3 prisoners, Captain Hill 3, and I send the remainder to you and through you to General Ransom.

I am very anxious that you should recall me fort with, as my horses and men are completely exhausted and tired out.

I also send 7 muskets captured from the enemy and Captain Hill took two.

The number of the enemy at Newport and stationed at intervals from Newport to the place we encountered them is about 600 or 700 from the best information. At and about Morehead City one regiment.

All praise is due to Lieutenant Eure and Orderly Jordan, who led the charge of the advance guard.

Your obedient servant,

JNO BOOTHE,

Captain, Commanding.

Colonel W. G. ROBINSON.

P. S.-Since writing the above one of my pickets has come in from Haughton's, about 4 miles from Pollocksville, toward Wilmington, saying the enemy had fired upon him and killed or taken the 2 pickets that were with him, and that there was 500 or 600 of the enemy.

APRIL 7-8, 1862.-Expedition to Elizabeth City, N. C.

Report of Colonel Rush C. Hawkins, Ninth New York Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS ROANOKE ISLAND, N. C.,April 11, 1862.

SIR: On the morning of the 7th instant a detachment of 600 men left here on board of the steamers Virginia, Putnam, Ceres, and Eagle for Elizabeth City, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Griffin, of the Sixth New Hampshire Volunteers. At 4 o'clock a.m.. of the 8th instant they landed two companies of the New York Ninth at the city and four companies of the New Hampshire Sixth 6 miles above the city. They surprised two companies of the enemy's forces, who ran without firing a shot. Our forces pursued and succeeded in capturing 73 or the rebels, belonging to the First Brigade of North Carolina Militia, who are now here and await your orders. Unless I hear from you to the contrary I shall release them on their parole and send them back.

Our forces killed a noted rebel scout by the name of Tim. Gregory

