
and wounded a rebel vedette. These are the only 2 killed or wounded on either side.

Fifty stand of arms, 2 drums, 4 horses and saddles, and 1,000 rounds of cartridges were captured and brought away.

Trusting that this little transaction will meet with your approval, I am, most faithfully, your obedient servant,

RUSH C. HAWKINS,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Brigade and Post.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE,

Commanding Dept. of North Carolina, New Berne, N. C.

P. S.-I have just heard that the enemy are building flats in a creek about 4 miles above Currituck Court-House. If I can get the Navy to co-operate and you will send me the Picket, I will organize a party to break up the rebel forces at the Court-House and at the creek. This can be done without running any great risk. I wish you would let me have the Picket. She would be of very great use here in running about in these shallow waters.

APRIL 13, 1862.-Skirmish at Gillett's Farm, Pebbly Run, N. C.

REPORTS, ETC.

No. 1.-Baron Egloffstein, Colonel One hundred and third New York Infantry.

No. 2.-Brigadier General Robert Ransom, jr., C. S. Army, with letter from General Robert E. Lee.

No. 1. Reports of Baron Egloffstein, Colonel One hundred and third New York Infantry.
HDQRS. SEWARD INFANTRY, 103rd Regiment N. Y. S. V.,Hdqrs. 9th N. J. Regiment, near Newport, April 15, 1862.

SIR: With this I have the honor to report to you the partial success of my expedition against the Second Regiment North Carolina Volunteers.

I brought all the available forces of that regiment to battle last night at Th. Gillett's farm. The regiment was commanded by its colonel, William G. Robinson, formerly of the Regular Army, an old Indian fighter, like myself. I made him prisoner. I could not recapture the Ninth New Jersey boys, they having been transported to Kinston before I reached Young's. Th. Gillett's farm, the battle ground is situated 6 miles south of Young's, at the fork of the Onslow and Carolina City roads. I made many prisoners. The wounded enemies number considerable.

I will have the honor to report to you in full on my arrival at New Berne.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

BARON EGLOFFSTEIN,

Colonel, Seward Infantry, 103rd Regiment N. Y. S. V.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE,

Commanding Department of North Carolina.

P. S.-Most of my men are mounted on the horses captured from the enemy and beg to serve as cavalry on similar expeditions. The regiment of Colonel William G. Robinson was perfectly routed, but owing

