
to the absence of cavalry on my part I could not reap the full advantage of the victory gained in pursuing the rebels.
HDQRS. SEWARD INFANTRY, 103rd Regiment N. Y. S. V.,Camp Burnside, New Berne, N. C., April 19, 1862.

April 5.-In obedience to Special Orders of Headquarters Second Division, Department of North Carolina, No. 66, a detachment of 141 men left April 5 in order to occupy Evans' Mill; distance, 6 miles; course south.

April 6.-The party, being re-enforced, left Evans' Mill at midnight, under command of Colonel Baron Egloffstein, leaving a small garrison to protect both the grist and the lumber mill.

April 7.-Breakfasted at Tippe's plantation. Reached Noah Jackson's plantation, where we were informed of the presence of pickets, stationed 1 mile farther west, on Christopher Foy's farm, the owner of which had been instrumental in carrying away N. Jackson the day before and burning several thousand bales of cotton. Arriving on Christopher Foy's plantation, the colonel was fired at by the pickets, Foy being reported as taking part in the skirmish. I retaliated by driving the pickets off the ground and securing 50 head of cattle for the use of the Government. We captured 3 horses on the premises, and commenced mounting our infantry, encamped on Foy's plantation. The next morning a detachment of 25 men, commanded by Captain Schuckhart, was sent to Camp Burnside in charge of the cattle. Left late in the evening for Haughton's Mill. When near Mill Creek arrested a lone traveler on horseback, who was returning in the direction from Kinston. Through his instrumentality we made a small detachment, acted as a surprise party with great promptitude.

April 8.-Encamped at Haughton's residence at 1 o'clock at night. Sent out another surprise party to Crooked Run. Two rebels crossing the run at 9 o'clock in the morning, one of them was made prisoner; the other, having been shot at, escaped through the woods in a southerly direction. From Evans' Mill we traveled 1 mile south to the fork of the Trenton and Beaufort road; took the Trenton road running west for 10 miles; changed course 2 1/2 miles south to Haughton's Mill. Later in the afternoon 6 men (pickets) ran in our trap on Crooked Run, but returned post-haste on the road they came, owing to one of the inexperienced soldiers firing too soon. Left the mill at 10 o'clock p.m.., having sent the prisoners back to New Berne with a strong escort of cavalry.

April 9.-After a severe march in rain and storm we arrived at Mr. E. Foy's farm before daybreak-course, west 3 miles, south 2 1/2 miles. Captain Schuckhart rejoined us here, bringing orders for the colonel to return to New Berne for further instructions, Major Quentin remaining in command under instructions to return on the road we came, but securing his position and retreat by scouting parties to the plantations of Cummings, William and Henry McDaniel, by means of which we were informed that 9 prisoners of the Ninth New Jersey Regiment, under an escort amounting nearly to 100 men of cavalry, had passed on their way to Kinston.

April 11.-Colonel Baron Egloffstein returned from New Berne the next evening. The column moved on to Cummings' farm during the night, reaching Jones' Mill, where a picket of 11 rebels was posted.

April 12.-The column was halted, and Major Quentin marched

