
stealthily with a small body of men through the swamps surrounding the enemy, who, on discovering our men, sought their safety in flight, taking the Onslow road. The major made 1 rebel prisoner in person. We proceeded to the Jones' estate, superintended by Thomas Garrock; course south, 7 miles. I ordered the major to conduct the infantry through the swamps and across White Oak River, guided by an experienced negro, to Thomas Gillett's farm, on Pebbly Run. With a view to mislead the enemy I marched the cavalry back to Cummings' plantation, the fork of the Onslow and Hadnot road, marked Young's on old geographical maps.

April 13.-To draw the attention of the enemy to the movement of the cavalry I made a number of secessionists prisoners on this road during the night. Marched 6 miles on the Hadnot road, course southeast, to Thomas Gillett's farm, where we joined the infantry in the afternoon. Foske's and Bell's farms were occupied by our own pickets south of Pebbly Run, and a strong picket posted north of Gillett's plantation to apprise us of the approach of the enemy. The whole cavalry was sent on picket duty in the immediate neighborhood.

At 11 o'clock p.m.. our northern picket was driven in by the advance guard of the Second Regiment of Cavalry (Nineteenth Regiment North Carolina Volunteers), led by their colonel, William G. Robinson. Rapid firing on the part of the advancing enemy, chiefly directed to the windows of the room occupied by Colonel Baron Egloffstein, roused our men to prompt action. The inclosures of Gillett's farm were simultaneously attacked by 300 men - well-mounted cavalry. Gallant conduct was shown on the part of our officers and men. Three charges were repulsed with the greatest firmness, after which the enemy fled in confusion and disorder in all directions, leaving 1 dead, their colonel, and 2 privates as prisoners in our hands. Twelve horses of the enemy we found dead on the battle-field and 5 more hors de combat.

Colonel William G. Robinson exhibited much boldness, and deserving of being better sustained by his followers. He was wounded in the thigh heading the third attack in person. Two of our elites, Captain Langner, Prussian artillery, and Lieutenant Martinez, adjutant to General Garibaldi, wrested the colonel from his command.

Our loss was Sergt. Adolph Grossmann, of Company F; Captain Th. Schuckhart, shot through the heart; Sergt. Henry Bopp, Company B, Captain Muller; Privates Morgenstern, same company, and Muhsam, Company F, wounded, and since recovering.

In the morning pistols, sabers, and guns were found lying about the fields and along the road to Cummings' and several stray horses were captured.

The elite Geiger was promoted to an honorary lieutenancy on the battle-field. Lieutenant Arthur von Brand rendered valuable services. Captain Th. Schuckhart proved an efficient officer. Drs. John Kraeuter and Marc Boecking deserve credit for giving prompt medical attention to the wounded. First Sergt. Niemetz von Rottenberg, Company K, defended the entrance to the inclosure with much energy and coolness and is deserving of promotion. He was well seconded by Corp. Franz Ebner, same company. Sergeant Krauth, of Company E, acted promptly. Sergeant Wettstein and Corporal Schrag, Company F, behaved bravely. Private Durr, of Company K, was bold and cool. Private Polguere, of Company K, remained on guard during the whole engagement like an old soldier. Sergt. Martin Hacker, of Company K, acted well. Elites Bernhard von Schmidt and Louis von Waldeck acted well. Sergt. Valentine Horst was instrumental in securing the

