
cavalry. I have received only three regiments: First Michigan, Fifth Maryland, and Fifty-eight Pennsylvania. I require several companies artillery in Fort Monroe. I have only about 110 regulars for Fort Monroe and Newport News. Fort Monroe is too important a position to be neglected. I have never failed to so represent, and ask for troops and other means of defense.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., March 13, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Major-General McClellan desires by telegraph to know if the channel between Sewell's Point and Craney Island could be blockaded. I reply that it would be impracticable without first taking the battery of thirty guns on Sewell's Point and then sink twenty boats loaded with stone, exposed, however, to a fire thirty guns on Craney Island. Flag-Officer Goldsborough agrees with me in this opinion. To take the batteries it would require the Monitor. Neither of us think it would do to use the Monitor for that service, lest she should become crippled. She is our only hope against the Merrimac.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

March 13, 1862-9.15 p. m.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

I have seem Fox. He says the Merrimac is not able to come into the Chesapeake, and is slower than the Monitor. The latter fought under very disadvantageous circumstances, is uninjured, and is capable of mastering her adversary. He seems to regard the operations of the Merrimac as confined to Hampton Roads above the fort. The Secretary has telegraphed concerning Burnside and Wool.* No troops ordered to Fremont from this army.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON CITY, D. C.,

March 14, 1862-8.45 a. m.

Major General JOHN W. WOOL,

Commanding at Fortress Monroe:

The following dispatch from General McClellan has been received by this Department:

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, March 13-11 20 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I would be glad to have instructions given to General Wool that the troops and stores now being sent down to Fort Monroe are of my command and not to be appropriated by him.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. V, p. 750.

---------------

