
gates against the boldest cavalrists, and prevented the disaster which might have followed an early success on the part of the enemy. Privates Muhsam, Ohnesorg, Rieke, Glyckherr, and Nagel, of Company F, fought bravely at the same post. Sergeant Leither, same company, exhibited much courage and electrified our men when most needed. Sergeants Zimmermann and Baumann were active in resisting the main charge directed to the rear of the premises.

April 14.-For the purpose of delivering Colonel William G. Robinson to headquarters without running the risk of another engagement the colonel determined to march without delay to the encampment of the Ninth New Jersey Regiment at Newport. This was accomplished by marching 27 miles our fatigued and brave men. We destroyed the bridge at Jones' Mill to prevent the enemy from following close to our heels. We reached Carolina City and reported to General J. G. Parke, meeting Captain D. A. Pell, aide to General Burnside, who directed the immediate delivery of the prisoner colonel to New Berne, where Mrs. William G. Robinson had arrived with a flag of truce to welcome him.

April 18.-By means of railroad and steamer we reached Camp Burnside without further incidents.

BARON EGLOFFSTEIN,

Colonel 103rd Regiment N. Y. S. V., Seward Infantry.

No. 2. Report of Brigadier General Robert Ransom, jr., C. S. Army, with letter from General Robert E. Lee.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, ARMY [DISTRICT] OF THE PAMLICO,April 20, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with instructions from General Holmes I have the honor to make the following report of the circumstances attending in attack made by Lieutenant-Colonel Robinson, with a part of the Second North Carolina Cavalry (Nineteenth North Carolina Volunteers), upon a detachment of the enemy's infantry, near White Oak Run, on the night of the 13th instant:

Colonel Robinson's command was composed as follows: Company D, Captain Strange, Lieutenants Baker and Williams, 54 men; Company I, Captain Bryan, Lieutenant Blasingame, 45 men; Company K, Captain Turner, Lieutenants Graham, Lockhart, and Moore, 45 men; Company B, Lieutenant Allison, 14 men; Company F, Lieutenant King, about 15 men; Company E, 25 men; Company A, 4 men. Total, 1 lieutenant-colonel, 3 captains, 8 lieutenants, and 202 men.

About 2 miles before reaching the house in which the enemy was known to be Colonel Robinson called the three captains together and consulted about a plan of attack. At first it was agreed to dismount two companies, who were to attack in flank and rear while the rest were to charge in front. This mode was, for some unexplained cause, abandoned, and it was determined to charge the premises mounted, and the following arrangement was made:

Captain Bryan, with his company, and the detached portions of Andrews', Thomas', and Cole's (B, E, and F) companies, was to charge down the lane to the front of the house. Strange, with his company, was to throw down the fence on the left, and Turner, with his company, was to do the same on the right, and each to charge on the flanks and rear.

The moon was at the full and the night cloudless. A negro belong-

