
ing to the premises was taken, and from him and Lieutenant Nethercutt, of the Twenty-seventh North Carolina Volunteers, the exact locality of the premises was ascertained and information minute in detail collected. Before getting close an advanced party of 6 privates (4 from Company A and 2 from Company D) was thrown forward to draw off any guard protecting the front. It was concerted that when this party fired the whole command was to move in the direction indicated, each party taking the route previously determined. Near the mouth of the lane a small guard was found and the sentinel shot by the advance party. The lane is about 100 yards long. Immediately upon hearing the shot Colonel Robinson ordered the charge. The advanced party and Captain Bryan and Lieutenant Blasingame, with a small portion of Bryan's company, obeyed, and reached the yard fence while many of the enemy were yet lying down. Being feebly sustained, they, after discharging their pieces, fell back near the mouth of the lane, where by far the greater portion of all had halted and were wildly and wastefully throwing away their fire. No effort up to this time had been made by either Captains Turner or Strange to reach the flanks and rear of the house.

By some means or other a second charge was made up to the yard gate (which was only about 20 feet from the house), and Captain Bryan and several men state that an officer came out of the house and begged to have the firing cease, offered to surrender, and Captain Bryan gave the order to cease, and for an instant it was obeyed; but some person cried out, "Shoot the d - d rascal!" and at once the firing recommenced on each side.

By this time 2 or 3 of the men had been wounded and 1 or 2 killed, and again the party fell back. Colonel Robinson was all this time trying to urge the men up to their work, but in vain. A large number took to the woods; nearly all hesitated and refused to charge, By dint of personal effort and the assistance of a few others Colonel Robinson threw down the fence on the left, and with about 20 or 30 men (among whom ws Captain Strange) charged to the left and rear. Captain Bryan says he joined the party. When nearly in rear of the house the men fell off behind a low hill and left Colonel Robinson almost alone close to the paling. Here he was wounded and fell off his horse. Captain Bryan says he sw recognized the horse and tried to catch him.

The whole party that had gone into the field toward the rear now galloped entirely around and passed into the road some 200 or 300 yards in rear of the mouth of the lane. Lieutenant Allison says he was not close to the house, as his horse run away with him. About the time that the second charge was made up the lane Captain Turner's horse was seen to run back and move off with him. When Colonel Robinson took the field to the left Lieutenants Graham and Moore say that they pulled down the fence on the right, rode into the field, and tried to get their men to follow, but all effort was futile. The whole, except the small party who had gone with Colonel Robinson, either remained in the road, took, to the woods, or retired by the way they had come. When those who had pretended to follow Colonel Robinson reached the road all seemed to have become confused and perfect disorder prevailed for 15 miles. Lieutenant Baker says he remained with a small number near the mouth of the lane for more than an hour after the rest had gone. At any rate some reached camp two or three hours sooner than others. No effort was made by any one after Colonel Robinson was wounded to rally the men and renew the fight. It is apparent that a

