
The request of General McClellan is approved, and you are instructed to act in accordance with it, and to acknowledge the receipt of this communication.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, March 14, 1862-10.10 a. m.

Major-General WOOL:

It is represented that a large number of visitors for pleasure, dealers in trade, and other persons not in the public are now congregating at Fort Monroe, whose presence may embarrass the grave naval and military operations now in progress or in contemplation there. You are authorized, in your discretion, to required the immediate departure of all persons not in the service of the United States whose presence may incommode operations, and to exclude all unauthorized persons from stopping or remaining there, until further orders. You will, from and after this date most rigid discipline and police within the territory under your command.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT-12 M.,

(Received March 14, 1862.)

Captain DAHLGREN:

Your telegram relative to barges received. I have ordered eight more sent down. I hope seen nothing yet to satisfy me that in the next engagement the Monitor will not be sunk.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

FORT MONROE, VA.,

(Received March 14, 1862-11.20 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War;

I beg you will send me more troops. The Merrimac is preparing and they are strengthening her weak points. It is thought she will be prepared to come out in every few days. If she should overcome the Monitor we would lose Newport News-an important position-unless i have troops enough to meet and repel the rebels before they can reach Newport News.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

March 15, 1862.

C. VANDERBILT, Esq., New York:

The Secretary of War directs me to ask you for what sum you will contract to destroy the Merrimac or prevent her from coming out from Norfolk-you to sink or destroy her if she gets out?

Answer by telegraph, as there is no time to be lost.

JOHN TUCKER,

Assistant Secretary of War.

