
be found armed themselves and started for the place of debarkation and arrived here is safety the next morning.

In this enterprise you have received another evidence of the courage and enterprise of the troops under your command. Although the results of this expedition may seem disastrous on account of the loss of life, still the reconnaissance cannot to be of great value to you when connected with future operations.

In justice to other regiments I cannot say what I should like to about the officers and men of my own, consequently would only say that all alike did their duty faithfully and well.

I regret to add that, owing to our limited transportation, we were compelled to leave behind 14 of our wounded on care of Dr. Warren, of the Twenty-first Massachusetts, 2 or 3 of which were brought away by the chaplain of the ninth. I have to-day sent a flag of truce by Major Jardine, who was accompanies by the surgeon, chaplain, and 10 privates, of the Ninth New York, for the purpose of bringing back the wounded and the bodies of Lieutenant Gadsden and our dead who were buried on the field.

Herewith you will find a complete list of the killed, wounded, and missing of the Fourth Brigade in the action of the 19th.*

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RUSH C. HAWKINS,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Brigade and Post.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE,

Commanding Dept. of North Carolina, New Berne, N. C.

[Indorsement Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS,New Berne, N. C., May 1, 1862.

Respectfully referred to General Reno, to whom it should have originally been addressed.

By order of Major-Genera Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,May 2, 1862.

I beg to inclose the following indorsement.

J. L. RENO,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Division.

[Indorsement Numbers 3.]
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., May 1, 1862.

Captain LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to indorse upon the report of Colonel R. C. Hawkins, Ninth New York Volunteers, which you this day caused to be referred to me, the following remarks and statements, viz:

In the first place I beg leave to call your attention to the fact that this report was rendered by Colonel Hawkins directly to you instead

---------------

* Embodied in statement on p. 307.

---------------

