
Eighty-ninth New York Volunteers, 625, and Sixth New Hampshire Volunteers, 600. In this force was included two boat guns belonging to Company K, Ninth New York Volunteers.

About 11 p. m. the same evening my brigade commenced landing at a place opposite Cobb's Point, about 4 miles below Elizabeth City, on the Pasquotank River.

By 2.30 o'clock on the morning of the 19th the landing of my brigade had been completed, including two field pieces from the steamer Virginia; this through the water where it was more than knee-deep, which the men were compelled to wade.

At 3 a. m. the whole brigade was on the march, and continued for the next twelve hours on its weary through a long, circuitous route of 32 miles, beneath the terrible heat of the sun, amid the constantly-rising dust.

At about 3 p. m. I succeeded in arriving insight of the enemy's position with about one-half of the men who had commenced the march, when we were immediately ordered by yourself into action, the Sixth New Hampshire Volunteers going to the left of the enemy's position, the Ninth and Eighty-ninth New York going to the right through the woods to outflank the enemy on each side. Up to this time the part of a battery from the Ninth New York, worked by Lieutenant Herbert, assisted by 5 men (the rest having been worn out by fatigue), received and sustained the whole fire of the enemy's battery.

After marching about 2 miles through a swamp covered with thick undergrowth I arrived within about three-eighths of a mile of the enemy's position where they were concealed in the woods. After a short tour of observation I came to the conclusion that it would be impossible to outflank them on the right, the undergrowth and swamp being almost impenetrable. A charge through an open field in front of the enemy's position was thought to be the only way in which they could be dislodged. I then returned to where I had left the Ninth New York, and found them lying on the ground completely exhausted. I stated to the regiment what I proposed to do, and asked the men if they felt equal to the task. Their answer was, "We will try, colonel, and follow wherever you may lead us." Immediately the command forwards was given, the Ninth New York taking the lead, followed by the Eighty-ninth New York. We had proceeded to within about 200 yards of the enemy's concealed position when the Ninth New York received the full, direct-oblique, and left-oblique fires from the enemy's infantry and batteries. This completely staggered the men, who were before quite exhausted. The order was then given for the regiment to turn to the right, where it would be partly sheltered from the fire. This order was executed, but slowly. Soon after the Eighty-ninth New York commenced to move forward, supported by the Ninth New York, when the enemy retreated. When this commenced the the Sixth New Hampshire poured a volley into the right wing of the Third Georgia Volunteer Regiment, which completely cut them into pieces. The troops then bivouacked on the field, where they remained until 10 p. m., when they were ordered to fall in and return to their transports.

It is seldom, of ever, that men have been called upon to perform so much in so short a time as those were who composed the Fourth Brigade, under my command. Marching 50 miles and fighting a battle all in twenty-six hours you will admit is no small undertaking, and yet this was done without a murmur or complaint.

In the charge of the Ninth New York that regiment lost 9 killed and

