
commissioned officer, and private did his duty to the extent of his ability. The members of the Twenty-first will remember will particular pride that on the 19th of April, 1862, just one year after the blood of Massachusetts men was first shed by the rebels of Baltimore, we conquered them at the battle of Camden, and we shall be no less proud of this name inscribed upon or war-worn banner than that of "Roanoke" and "New Berne."

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. CLARK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twenty-first Massachusetts Vols.

Captain EDWARD M. NEILL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 7. Report of Major Edwin Schall, Fifty-first Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTY-FIRST REGIMENTS PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,New Berne, N. C., April 22, 1862.

SIR: For the information of the colonel commanding the Second Brigade I submit the following report:

After the landing of the regiment below Elizabeth City, on the 19th instant, I immediately formed it, and by your orders detailed Company A as an advance guard. When we got some distance into the enemy's country Company F was sent forward to the support of Company A. While moving forward along the main road the enemy suddenly opened fire upon us, their position being masked by the dense smoke arising from burning buildings. I immediately filed to the right with the regiment and formed in an open field. In compliance with your orders I conducted the regiment into the woods and moved forward to get on the left of the enemy. While advancing through the woods I received orders from you to send forward a body of skirmishers. I at once ordered Company D forward, which after some delay returned and reported to me the position of the enemy and his battery. I then ordered the regiment forward with the intention of coming on his left and rear; but the thicket being so dense and orders having just been received from you to make no delay in getting into position, I ordered a halt, and determined to move forward, left in front. Going to the left, I ordered Company B to reconnoiter immediately to our front and right.

Having definitely learned the position of the enemy by reports and personal observations I ordered Company B to advance to the right along the edge of the woods, taking position behind the fence. The remaining companies of the regiment followed and got into position. After being exposed to a heavy fire for some time you in person ordered a charge, the men with cheers responding as they advanced across the field in face of a hot fire, driving the enemy before them and obtaining full possession of the ground occupied by them. After this successful charge and termination of the battle I formed the regiment in the open field, and by your orders marched the regiment to the woods occupied by us during the engagement, and threw out as pickets Company B. A detail also was made to bury the killed during the battle.

Early in the evening I received orders from you to hold the regiment

