
in readiness to retire from the field. Shortly after 9 o'clock I had the soldiers noiselessly awakened and formed the regiments as quietly as it was possible to do. The pickets were called in, and the Pioneer Corps, under command of Lieutenant Abraham L. Ortlip, sent to the rear to destroy the bridge as we retired.

We moved off between 10 and 11 o'clock, and reached the place of disembarkation the day previous at 6 o'clock on the morning of the 20th instant. The march was long and the rain and mud were well calculated to exhaust the men. Few, however, were left behind, as the stronger very generously assisted the weaker comrades. After some delay the men were re-embarked on steamer Guide.

It is with pain I announce that Lieutenant Lewis Hallman, in command of Company E, fell wounded on the field while gallantry leading on his men and is now a prisoner in the hands of the enemy, it being impossible, in consequence of his weakness, to bring him with us. With him are 5 more of our men, who by reason of their wounds and the lack of transportation we were compelled to leave behind. As already stated, the number killed is 3; 19 are wounded and 3 are missing. Of the wounded 4 are supposed to be mortally, while the remainder have received but slight injures. The missing, it is believed, will yet make their appearance.

It gives me pleasure to mention the excellent services rendered me by Act. Adjt. Lieutenant George Shorkley on the 19th and 20th instant. For his activity and courage during the engagement he deserves and has my warmest thanks. I also feel indebted to the quartermaster, Lieutenant John J. Freedley, for conveying orders, and he deserves well for the prompt and faithful manner in which he had the wounded cared for. Surgeon Hosack was untiring in his attendance upon the wounded, whose wounds he carefully dressed and administered to their every want up to the hour of our departure. Nor can I forget to mention Sergeant-Major Iredell, who was constantly by my side during the engagement, carrying orders and giving me valuable information by his gallant reconnoitering.

The officers and men all, I may say, behaved well and acquitted themselves in a creditable manner. Too much praise cannot be awarded them for the manner in which they bore up under the fatigue of the long and dusty march. It was well calculated to weary them, yet all behaved most gallantly.

In conclusion, I can only say I endeavored, as far as possible, to carry out all your orders on the 19th and 20th instant.

I am, very truly, yours,

EDWIN SCHALL,

Major, Commanding Fifty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers.

THOMAS S. BELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 8. Reports of Major General Benjamin Huger, C. S. Army, with communication from General R. E. Lee.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,Norfolk, Va., April 21, 1862.

I informed you by telegraph yesterday that the enemy had on the 19th instant attacked Colonel Wright in his position near South Mills,

