
pedition to destroy the locks of the canal. A quantity of powder and some tools captured by our forces seemed to confirm this account. The enemy were repulsed by Colonel Wright with considerable loss and retired to their boats, burning the bridges behind them in their retreat. This is probably the force reported by you as having left New Berne on the 16th and 18th instant.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., April 29, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER,

Commanding, &amp;c., Yorktown, Va.:

GENERAL: General Lee directs me to acknowledge the receipt your letter of the 28th instant, together with the report of the brilliant affair at South Mills, which he has read with much interest and pleasure, and which reflects so creditably upon the officers and men engaged. As regards your request that additional troops be sent to Suffolk, which you represent as being particularly weak, he instructs me to say that the call for troops from every department is urgent, and it is impossible to re-enforce points more seriously threatened than Suffolk. He wishes it was in his power to meet your requisition, but had hope that with the addition of the Militia (2,000 or 3,000 of which have been reported to him to be inactive and unassigned in your department) your command would be materially strengthened and the approaches to your rear rendered more secure, inasmuch as this acquisition to your force would enable you to increase the number of troops protecting Suffolk and vicinity.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 27, 1862.- Skirmish near Haughton's Mill, Pollocksville Road, N. C.

Report of Baron Egloffstein, Colonel One hundred and third New York Infantry.
HDQRS. SEWARD INFANTRY, 103rd Regiment N. Y. S. V., HELEN'S PLANTATION, 3 MILES SOUTH OF POLLOCKSVILLE,April 27. 1862.

SIR: Agreeably to orders from General J. L. Reno, a detachment of 40 men (cavalry) and three officers left new Berne for Pollocksville on the 26th instant, in the evening. Passed through Evans' Mill at midnight. To secure the line of communication to Pollocksville 70 men of infantry followed in the rear. Passed Haughton's Mill to cross Mill Creek 2 miles south of Pollocksville road, the bridge on the Pollocksville road being destroyed. About 3 o'clock in the afternoon the first revel picket was seen on the Onslow and Pollocksville road. Major Quentin and myself chased the advance guard of the enemy on an open plain a quarter of a mile to Helen's mansion, gradually followed by our cavalry. I gave the order for immediate firing to prevent the enemy from

