
running away. They were 30 men strong, located in and around a frame house. We wounded and killed several by means of revolvers and rifles, our cavalry having dismounted with a view to cut off the retreat of the enemy from the premises at a small a loss on our side as possible. When the infantry came up we charged bayonets and made ourselves masters of the position. The enemy, having a more perfect knowledge of the premises, succeeded in taking away some of their wounded, killed, and horses in the direction of Kinston during hottest fight.

The loss of the enemy was 2 men kill;ed by bullets, 1 by bayonet, 8 wounded, 9 horses, 3 prisoners - N. W. Collins, James H. Kelly, and G. Battle, privates of Company C, Second Regiment of Cavalry North Carolina Volunteers. A number of arms captured - carbines, sabers, pistols, double-barreled shot-guns - and 5 fine horses, with equipments.

Our loss was Private Sanders killed and Lieutenants Von Seldeneck and Von Vogt, of the cavalry, wounded - since recovering; 4 more slightly wounded - flesh wounds. Colonel Baron V. Egloffstein was wounded in the leg in dismounting, his horse having been killed under him. Besides, 2 of our cavalry horses killed.

Our cavalry distinguished themselves in their first fight by rapid action and good firing. Had we prepared a slow attack on the cavalry they would have fled from us as on former occasions. The wound of the colonel being of a more serious character than first imagined, we halted and reconnoitered the surrounding country be means of cavalry patrols. Several encampments in the direction of Trenton were discovered. I determined to return after this successful reconnaissance, drawing in the boards at Haughton's Mill for the purpose of securing said mill for the Government.

I beg to propose to station several hundred men at once at Haughton's Mill as an advance guard, to prevent the enemy from occupying this valuable military position situated within 2 miles of Pollocksville.

I will have the honor, general, to report the details on my arrival at New Berne.

Remaining, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

BARON EGLOFFSTEIN,

Colonel of Seward Infantry.

Brigadier General JESSE L. RENO,

Commanding Second Division, Department of North Carolina.

APRIL 29, 1862.- Skirmish near Batchelder's Creek, N. C.

Report of Major Andrew Elwell, Twenty-third Massachusetts Infantry.

HDQRS. TWENTY-THIRD REGIMENT MASS. VOLS.

Railroad Bridge, Batchelder's Creek, April 30, 1862.

The picket established by Special Brigade Order, Numbers 7, was attacked yesterday. They were posted in accordance with the above-named order one-half mile an advance of the bridge, deployed on either side of the railroad to the distance of one-four of a mile. About 12 o'clock m. a body of rebel cavalry emerged from the woods and attacked the extreme right flank, passing between the right group and the rest of the picket, thus cutting them off. As far as can be ascertained the enemy numbered about 70. The picket opened fire upon those of the

