
enemy who were in the advance, while the enemy returned the fire with a volley of some 20 or 30 shots, killing 1 man, three shots penetrating his body. The remainder of the picket instantly rallied to the spot, but the enemy had fled, taking with them probably the other 3 belonging to the group, as they are missing.

Upon hearing the report in camp sufficient force was immediately sent to the assistance of the picket. This re-enforcement made an advance some 2 miles through the woods, but nothing could be heard from our missing men or the enemy. The affair has given rise to exaggerated stories, but it was not deemed of sufficient importance to give any alarm or call for any assistance. The picket force has being increased to treble its former numbers, and everything has been quiet since the attack.

The names of the killed and wounded are Edward B. Braley, private Company E, killed; Corp. Hiram J. Lauman, Privates Edward Smith and John Taylor, of the same company, missing.

Respectfully submitted.

A. ELWELL,

Major, Commanding Twenty-third Massachusetts.

Lieutenant E. T. PARKINSON,

A. A. A. G., First Brigade First Division.

MAY 2, 1862.- Skirmish near Deep Gully, Trenton Road, N. C.

Report of Lieutenant Charles H. Pope, First Rhode Island Light Artillery.
HDQRS. BATTERY F, RHODE ISLAND ARTILLERY,New Berne, N. C., May 2, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that you pickets, stationed on the Trenton road, about 1 mile from the Deep Gully, were attacked by a body of rebel infantry, supposed to be about 40 in number. They came into the Trenton road by the cross road from the Red House, firing upon our pickets, instantly killing Corporal Martindale and severely wounding Private Vincent, who has not been found yet.

C. H. POPE,

First Lieutenant First R. I. Art., Commanding Battery F.

Brigadier General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding First Division.

MAY 7, 1862.- Expedition from Roanoke Island toward Gatesville, N. C.

Report of Colonel Rush C. Hawkins, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS,Roanoke Island, N. C., May 10, 1862.

SIR: Having ascertained that the rebels had a large amount of stores, consisting of bacon, corn, slat, flour, &amp;c., at a place about 8 miles south of Gatesville, on the 7th instant I sent Captain Parisen's company (C, Ninth New York Volunteers), on board of the gunboat Shawsheen, for the purpose of destroying these stores.

This force landed about 1 a. m. on the morning of the 8th instant 2 miles up Catherine's Creek, which empties into the Chowan River oppo-

