
site to Holliday's Island. After marching about 8 miles they came to the place where the stores were, set fire to the building in which they were contained, and destroyed the whole. The estimated value of the stores (so the officers in charge of the forces was informed) was $50,000.

On the return of the force to the gunboat the rear guard was attacked by a small body of cavalry which had been concealed in the woods. They (the cavalry) were repulsed with a loss of one of their number, who was shot through the breast.

Captain Parisen, in charge of his company, and Captain Woodward, of the gunboat Shawsheen, both deserve great praise for the manner in which they carried out their instructions and the dispatch with which the work was performed.

I am, respectfully, your most faithful servant,

RUSH C. HAWKINS,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Brigade and Post.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE,

Commanding Department of North Carolina, New Berne, N. C.

MAY 15-16, 1862.- Skirmishes near Trenton Bridge, at Young's Cross-Roads, and Pollocksville, N. C.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Colonel Thomas j. C. Amory, Seventeenth Massachusetts Infantry.

Numbers 2.- Lieutenant Colonel J. Eugene Duryee, Second Maryland Infantry.

Numbers 3.- Colonel Simon H. Mix, Third New York Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Thomas J. C. Amory, Seventeenth Massachusetts Infantry.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION,New Berne, N. C., May 15, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that in accordance with the instructions of General Foster I proceeded this morning at 2.30 o'clock on a reconnaissance in the direction of Trenton. My command, consisting of the Third New York Cavalry, the Seventeenth and twenty-fifth Regiments Massachusetts Volunteers, and two pieces of artillery, was attacked 5 miles this side of Trenton. Not having as yet received the official reports of regimental commanders, I can state generally from my personal knowledge that our loss consists in the wounding of 3 privates and 1 officer (Major Fitzsimmons), of the Third New York Cavalry, Lieutenant Mayes and 1 man, of the same regiment, missing. Six of the enemy found dead on the field and 2 prisoners - 1 mortally wounded. I consider the original plan and purpose of this movement frustrated by the late arrival of the cavalry last night, owing to the storm.

To surprise the enemy at Trenton being under those circumstances impossible, and having but limited transportation for my wounded, with only twenty-four hours' rations, I deemed it advisable to return.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

THOS. J. C. AMORY,

Colonel Mass. Vols., Commanding First Brigadier, First Div.

Captain HOFFMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Dept. North Carolina.

