
attack, and were attempting to escape by the roads I was guarding. I felt perfectly confident of my ability to stop their retreat and hold them in check until Colonel Amory should overtake them.

Things remained in this condition until between 2 and 3 p. m., when Lieutenant Morris arrived a squadron of cavalry, with order that we should return immediately. I at once sent two companies, under command of Captain Bigelow, and a detachment of cavalry to Young's Cross-Roads, with orders to Captain Wilson to join the regiment immediately with the three companies under his command.

By about 8 p. m. they arrived, and the regiment at once commenced its marched homeward. The incessant rain of the previous forty-eight hours had rendered the roads still worse than during the advance, and Mill Creek, which we reached about 9 o'clock, was swollen to such a degree that the mounted officers had to swim their horses to cross it. Although the men had but partially recovered from the fatigues of their previous march, yet they plunged in without a moment's hesitation at the word of command and crossed the stream. They bore this and all the other hardship and exposures of their march through the mud and rain like veterans.

Between 1 and 2 o'clock on Saturday morning I destroyed the bridge at Haughton's Mill, having heard from our pickets in the rear that they had encountered the pickets of the enemy on this side of Mill Creek.

About 11 o'clock I reached Evans' Mill, where, through the kindness of the Twenty-first Massachusetts Volunteers, we were supplied with rations and hot coffee, which supply was very gratefully received, as, having been ordered by Colonel Amory to take only two days rations, we had been without food for many hours. I reached camp about 4 p. m.

From a reconnaissance made by Captain Bigelow, who approached within 400 yards of the enemy's camp, I learned there was between 800 and 900 cavalry in our immediate vicinity. I also received information that there is no regular encampment between that at Wambleton's Bridge, which is 8 miles from Young's Cross-Roads, and Kinston; that some days there would be in Trenton and vicinity 1,000 or 1,500 troops and other days not more than 500 or 600. I was also informed that they came from Kinston into the neighborhood of Trenton foraging and pressing horses and men into their service; also to watch and obtain information of the movements of our troops.

I have lost several men who strayed beyond our lines contrary to orders how many I am unable at present to say, as 5 whom I have already reported as prisoners have just returned, and perhaps what few others are missing may return to camp. There are now but three men missing.

In addition to the officers already spoken of I wish also to mention the names of Captain Brunner and Lieutenants Martin, Dougherty, and Gault as worthy of special commendation. But where all the officers did their duty so nobly it seems invidious to single out any as specially deserving.

In conclusion, I have only to say that my orders from General Foster and Colonel Amory were to hold the points assigned to me till I received further instructions from Colonel Amory, and although the two days' rations I was instructed to take had been entirely consumed (much of it having been spoiled by the rain during our night's march), I was determined not to quit my post until I was ordered to do so. I had commenced to collect what few cattle, swine, and fowls had es-

22 R R - VOL IX

