
caped the rebel foraging parties, and had already obtained a sufficient quantity to supply the regiment with meat (such luxuries as coffee, bread, and slat being altogether too extravagant for soldiers) for at least a week. My men, through weary and foot-sore from their long march over most horrible roads were nevertheless in the best possible spirits, eager for the fray, and burning with anxiety to vindicate the ancient glory of Maryland.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

J. EUGENE DURYEE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Second Maryland Regiment.

Captain EDWARD M. NEILL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,New Berne, N. C., May 20, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded. I am happy to state that Lieutenant-Colonel Duryee executed his part of the plan in a gallant and skillful manner.

J. L RENO,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Division.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel Simon H. Mix, Third New York Cavalry.
HDQRS. THIRD NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS CAVALRY,New Berne, N. C., May 9, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to your order dated May 14, I marched this regiment at 10 p. m. of that day, taking the Trent road in the direction of Trenton. Having arrived at your headquarters I halted by your order about two hours.

At 2 a. m. May 15 I took yuup the line of march from that point. After proceeding along the direct road about 8 miles I sent the First Squadron of my regiment, under command of Lieutenant Colonel John Mix, by a by-road, in order to cut off a party of the enemy supposed to be quarter at what is called Merritt's house. The remainder of the regiments proceeded on the direct road, which passed by the aforesaid house. The instructions given to Lieutenant-Colonel Mix were to proceed along the by-road to its intersection with the main road, a distance of about 4 miles, and by a countermarch rejoin the regiment at Merritt's house.

These instructions were strictly complied with. On reaching Merritt's house I found it evacuated, no trace of the enemy being discovered. I then pushed on, sending in advance the Fourth Squadron of my regiment (Companies C and F), under command of Major Charles Fitzsimmons. One mile and a half beyond Merritt's house 4 mounted vedettes of the enemy were discovered, one of whom was captured by Captain McNamara (Company F). The advance guard, composed of 18 men, under command of Lieutenant John Mayes (Company C), was ordered to pursue the remainder. Major Fitzsimmons, seeing that the advance guard were getting too far from his squadron, rode forward to check it. He, however, did not reach it until it was at least a third of a mile

