
ing a few men to secure his retreat, but had only proceeded a short distance when he was attacked by about a dozen men, mounted and on foot. After discharging their fire-arms and receiving our fire in return they fled to the woods, closely followed By Lieutenant Allis and his men, who succeeded in taking two prisoners. These prisoners he was subsequently compelled to let go after having secured their arms. Finding himself surrounded by a large body of infantry concealed in the woods Lieutenant Allis gallantry cut his way through the crowd, and returned here with his command about noon, with only one man - Private Ogden Harrison - badly wounded and 2 horses killed. The enemy had 3 men killed besides those wounded, supposed to have been 5 or 6. A fine horse, valued at $200, fell in our hands, which will partly make up for the two lost.

Lieutenant Allis speaks in the highest terms of the bravery and coolness displayed by our men, and I am happy to say that this little affair has reflected much credit on all concerned.

The wounded man ha good medical attendance and is doing well.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. F. JOCKNICK,

Captain Company I, Third New York Cavalry.

Colonel E. E. POTTER, Commanding.

JUNE 5, 1862.- Action at Tranter's Creek, N. C.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Francis A. Osborn, Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FOURTH REGIMENT MASS. VOLS.,Washington, N. C., June 6, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders received from Colonel Stevenson in person I embarked three companies of the regiment under my command on board the steamer Pilot Boy, bound for this place, at 11.30 p. m. of the 3rd instant, and left instructions with Captain Maker to follow with the four companies on board the Lancer as soon as possible. Lieutenant W. B. Avery came on board with a battery of three pieces and reported to me for orders.

The Pilot Boy got under was early on the morning of the 4th (Wednesday), and arrived at this place at 6 p. m. In the course of the evening Colonel Potter informed me that the enemy's force under Colonel Singeltary was between this place and Pactolus, a village about 12 miles distant, on the Greenville road, and suggested the propriety of attacking them at once before they should hear of the arrival of re-enforcements. I therefore determined to take eight companies of the Twenty-fourth Regiment, after the arrival of the four companies left at New Berne, two pieces of artillery, and the company of the Third New York Cavalry stationed here, under command of Captain Jocknick, and to march as early s possible the next morning toward Pactolus. Colonel Potter gave orders to Captain Nichols, of the gunboat Picket, to go up Tar River to the same place, throwing shells into the woods between the river and the road as he proceeded. He also ordered him to take two scows in tow in which to bring down the troops in case they should reach Pactolus. This arrangement would leave two companies of infantry, one 12-pounder howitzer, and one

