
Captain R. F. Clark, Company F, was particularly noticed by me as being in the advance with the foremost of the men, directing their fire and animating them by his example. Captain C. H. Hooper, acting lieutenant-colonel; Lieutenant Albert Ordway, acting adjutant; Captain W. F. Redding, Company A; Lieutenant J. C. Jones, Company F; Captain John Daland and Lieutenant Charles g. Ward, of Company H; Captain E. C. Richardson and Lieutenant J. M. Barnard, Company G, being near the head of the battalion, and their companies being at various times engaged in firing, were conspicuous for their coolness and prompt attention to their duties. The officers of the companies in rear of these proved by their bearing an equal degree of courage and determination, but were debarred from the opportunity [of doing] anything but remaining passive with their companies under fire which they they could not return.

While, under the peculiar circumstances of the case, bit may seem invidious to mention the names of some officers to the exclusion of the rest, I cannot by feel that justice demanded that they should receive the credit of what they actually did, though I believe that the others in their position would have done equally well, and I know from their urgent request to be allowed to do something that they were equally desirous of being in the front. My men behaved remarkably well, situated as they were in the hardest position that a soldier can be called upon to remain in - that of not being allowed to do anything.

Colonel Edward E. Porter, of First Regiment North Carolina Volunteers, [Union] military governor of this city, and Lieutenant J. M. Pendleton, of his staff, accompanied me, and I have to thank them for valuable assistance and advice.

As I stated above, the conception of the plan of the expedition was due to Colonel Potter, and to his energy was it greatly indebted for being so efficiently carried out.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. A. OSBORN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twenty-fourth Regiment Mass. Vols.

Captain WILLIAM PRATT,

Act. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, First Dic., Dept. of N. C.

JUNE 24, 1862.- Reconnaissance from Washington to Tranter's Creek, N. C.

Report of Captain George F. Jocknick, Third New York Cavalry.

WASHINGTON, N. C., June 25, 1862.

SIR: Having within the last few days received a number of reports from various sources in regard to certain fly-trap contrivances made by the rebels on the Greenville road for the purpose of catching my mounted patrols whenever they should venture their usual limits of 4 miles, I made yesterday a reconnaissance with my company to Tranter's Creek, distance of 8 miles, where they were said to have a large force on each side of the stream. I advanced cautiously, with my advance guard dismounted and acting as skirmishers, but could discover no signs of the presence of an enemy until we struck the brigade where our late engagement took place. Here, within reach of our rifles and partially concealed behind the trees, we could just discover in the bend of the road on the other side of the stream two mounted pickets, whom my men were exceedingly anxious to relieve from all further troubles in

