
the world, but as I did not want to make any noise until the object of my reconnaissance was accomplished their lives were spared. I found the bridge partially destroyed, the mill where they made their last stand entirely deserted, and no traces whatever of the presence of a large force.

In the direct road to Greenville, about a mile from this point, is another bridge, which Lieutenant Allis crossed at the time of his engagement; but although I made a careful reconnaissance of that locality, no rebel pickets could be seen. About 12 feet of the center of this bridge has been sawed off and a breastwork of logs and lumber erected on the other side, but, as I said before, no indications of the presence of rebel troops could be found.

I mention these little particulars merely to show that our late battle at Tranter's Creek has had a very salutary effect on the enemy, and that we shall probably not be molested here for some time to come.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. F. JOCKNICK,

Captain, Commanding Company I, Third New York Cav.

First Lieutenant R. M. Hall,

Adjutant Third New York Cavalry, New Berne, N. C.

P. S.- I hand you inclosed requisitions for ordnance and stationery and extra return for salt, which after being approved by the colonel commanding please hand to the quartermaster, with my request to have the articles forwarded to me per next steamer. I also hand you a letter to the Adjutant-General United States Army and a private letter, both to be mailed at your post-office.

JULY 24-28, 1862.- Expeditions from New Berne to Trenton and Pollocksville, N. C., etc.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General John G. Foster, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.- Colonel Horace C. Lee, Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Infantry.

Numbers 3.- Second-Lieutenant Byron W. Gates, Third New York Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General John G. Foster, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., July 28, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that everything is going on well in this department. I sent on Friday last four reconnaissance, with the object of ascertained the forced of the enemy near this town, taking prisoners for the purpose of acquiring information and to acquire a more thorough knowledge of the topography of the neighboring counties. I am happy to say that the three parties heard from were perfectly successful and with very little loss. One detachment made a circuit of 50 miles by way of Trenton and Pollocksville. Another proceeded to Pollocksville by another road. A third went some 18 miles up the Neuse road and broke up the main post of the pickets on that

