
road. The fourth, not yet reported, were to occupy Young's Cross-Roads, situated about 14 miles distant from and at right angles with the Atlantic and North Carolina Railroad, half way between Beaufort and this place. We have taken several horses and prisoners and learned much concerning the enemy's force.

A more detailed report I shall have the honor of sending by the steamer hence on the 30th proximo.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Horace C. Lee, Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Infantry.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., July 28, 1862.

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to report the movements of a reconnoitering body of troops under my command, consisting of six companies of the Seventeenth Massachusetts, Lieutenant-Colonel Fellows; nine companies of the Twenty-fifth, Lieutenant-Colonel Sprague; seven companies of the Twenty-seventh, Lieutenant-Colonel Lyman five companies of cavalry, Major Lewis, and one battery of artillery, Lieutenant Pope.

We left New Berne at 5 p. m. of the 24th instant, the six companies of the Seventeenth and one company of cavalry going up on the south side of the Trent River toward Pollocksville, the balance up the north side toward Trenton. We encamped that night at Deep Gully, throwing out pickets forward to the right toward the Red House and on the left down to the creek.

We moved at daylight the next morning, two companies of cavalry acting as advance guard. When within 3 or 4 miles of the forks of the Kinston and Trenton road two companies of the Twenty-fifth Massachusetts were sent in advance and deployed as skirmishers. Rebel vedettes were from time to time in sight about 1 mile in advance. When within 1 1/2 miles of the forks I ordered Major Lewis to dash on with the cavalry and clear the road. He did so, and drove 6 or 8 of the enemy up the Kinston road, firing upon them and killing, as reported, 1 man. The fire was returned, but without injury to us.

Arriving at the forks, we left two companies of the Twenty-fifth, two companies of the Twenty-seventh, one section of battery, and 20 cavalry, under command of Captain Moulton; then pushed on rapidly for Trenton. The cavalry, being in the advance, discovered a small number of the enemy firing the bridge across Trent River. They fired upon and dispersed them, extinguished the fire, saving the bridge. The whole force were soon up and halted, and, it being 12 o'clock, the men had their dinner and horses were fed. The bridge was soon repaired and a guard stationed to prevent the men from crossing into the village.

The force left at the forks was ordered back, and at 3.30 o'clock, the

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

