
naissance successful; also to Lieutenant Dennison, of the Twenty-seventh, who acted as aide.

The bridge built at Mill Creek was not destroyed as directed, because it would have delayed us so long that we could not have arrived at New Berne that night, and because I considered it of very little if any benefit to the enemy.

Very respectfully,

H. C. LEE,

Lieutenant J. F. ANDERSON, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Second Lieutenant Byron W. Gates, Third New York Cavalry.

CAMP RENO, near New Berne, N. C., July 29, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with your request I have the honor to report the movements of my company, as follows:

In obedience to orders received from General Foster I joined my company with the Seventeenth Massachusetts. Marched July 26 toward Pollocksville, taking the road leading past the university. Soon after reaching Mill Creek the work of bridging was commenced, when the commanding officer order me to have vedettes stationed along the road leading to Haughton's Mill. I ordered a sergeant to take 5 men - went myself and posted the first, then directed him to station the next in sight of the first, that they might communicate with each other readily, and to observe the same order in posting the rest. They had proceeded about 400 yards, after stationing the second vedette, when they were fired upon by a party in ambush. I think there were 50 shots discharged. Two or three companies of infantry moved immediately to the spot, where they found the sergeant and 1 of [the] men killed, the other 2 missing. Skirmishers were deployed; the enemy's trail followed into the woods; now far I don't know. They soon returned, however.

As soon as the bridge was completed we moved on to Pollocksville, where we remained overnight, returning to camp next day. On our return I dismounted a portion of my men and searched the woods for the two missing men. I took the trail, which led directly to the creek, where there was a log lying across, which bore the appearance of having been used a long time by footmen to cross. I then returned to the regiment.

Very respectfully, yours,

BYRON W. GATES,

Second Lieutenant, Commanding Company K.

Lieutenant-Colonel MIX.

JULY 26-29, 1862.- Reconnaissance from New Port to young's Cross-Roads, N. C., and skirmish 27th.

Report of Colonel Charles A. Heckman, Ninth New Jersey Volunteers.
HDQRS. NINTH REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VOLS.,Newport Barracks, July 31, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the result of a reconnaissance made in force from this point to Young's Cross-Roads:

