
below Yorktown or Williamsburg, as you may deem best. Two 8-inch columbiads are also sent to you at Yorktown, and if not wanted for the water defense they had better be applied to the land, either there or at Williamsburg.

I again urge upon you the necessity of the line of defenses between the heads of Queen and College Creeks, about which Colonel Ewell has already received instructions. Colonel Ewell had better be directed to apply all the force he can procure to the erection of the lines. Captain Rives and Meade, of the Engineer Corps, are on duty in the Peninsula, and subject to your orders. Should the lines below Williamsburg not have been surveyed and laid out, they had better be put at it directly.

I am, sir, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. E. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, June 10, 1861.

Colonel J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding, &c., Yorktown, Va.:

COLONEL: In answer to your letter of the 9th instant, just received, I take pleasure in expressing my gratification at the movements and dispositions that you have made, and hope that you may be able to restrict the advances of the enemy and securely maintain your own position.

On the day after my return to Richmond forty-two wagons were ordered to be sent you. Twelve were sent day before yesterday-twelve on yesterday, twelve more will be sent to-morrow, and the others as soon as possible.

As you are aware that it is probable when an effort is made to attack you it will be both by land and water, I take this occasion of urging upon you the importance of pressing the construction of the batteries for water and land defenses.

Very respectfully, obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

[Inclose Numbers 3.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, September 24, 1861.

Colonel J. B. MAGRUDER, Williamsburg, Va:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 20th instant, referred by the Adjutant-General to this Department, i am directed by the Secretary of War to say that your course in impressing labor for work upon fortifications in cases of absolute necessity and for a fair price is fully approved.

Respectfully,

A. T. BLEDSOE,

Chief Bureau of war.

