
citizens of the State. In the march of the army all unnecessary injury to houses, barns, fences, and other property will be carefully avoided, and in all cases the laws of civilized warfare will be strictly observed.

Wounded soldiers will be treated with every care and attention, and neither they nor prisoners must be insulted or annoyed by word or act. With the fullest confidence in the valor and character of his troops, the commanding general looks forward to a speedy and successful termination fo the campaign.

By command of Brigadier General A. E. Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,February 10, 1862.

Brigadier General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE,

Commanding Department of North Carolina:

GENERAL: Major-General McClellan directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your letters of January 29 and February 3, and to say in reply that he deeply regrets that you have had so many difficulties to contend with; he is glad, however to learn that you have overcome them. You have succeeded much better than he could expect and he is perfectly satisfied. He has heard to-day several rumors of an action at Roanoke Island, and is confident that he will hear to-morrow or the next day of your complete success.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. V. COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 10, 1862.

General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE:

MY DEAR OLD BURN.: Your dispatches of 29th January and 3rd February received yesterday, together with your private notes. I feel for you in your troubles, but you have borne yourself nobly in difficulties more trying than any that remain to you the encounter, and the same energy and pluck that has carried you through up to the present will take you through to the end.

We hear various rumors to-day about firing at Roanoke Island. I hope to hear to-morrow that you have taken it. In any event I shall feel sure that you have done all that a gallant and skillful soldier can accomplish. We are in status quo here; have gained a great point in Tennessee by the capture of Fort Henry, which opens the road to us into Tennessee.

Everything is bright except the roads.*

* * * * *

God bless you, old fellow, and give you success.

Ever yours,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN.

---------------

*Some personal matter omitted.

---------------

