
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, Numbers 10. Roanoke Island, February 10, 1862.

The names of the forts and batteries captured on this island in the action of the 8th of February are hereby changed as follows:

I. Fort Huger, at the head of the Island, to Fort Reno.

II. Fort Blanchard to Fort Parke.

III. Fort Bartow to Fort Foster.

IV. The inland battery is named and will be called Battery Russell.

V. The battery on Shallow Bag Bay is named and will be called Battery De Monteil.

By command of Brigadier General A. E. Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ANNAPOLIS, February 11, 1862.

General [J. P.] HATCH, Commanding Post:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose my statement of my unavoidable delay on board the John Trucks and of the events which took place during that time.

When General Burnside's expedition was about to sail for Hampton Roads our general determined on placing my whole command on board the John Trucks--sailing bark of about 800 tons, commanded by Captain Collins. The men would be crowded, but as they were (according to General Burnside's own statement) only to remain on board for give or six days at most, I made no objection, but simply obeyed, embarking my men on the 5th January, 1862.

On the 9th of the above month we left Annapolis, towed by the gunboat Sentinel, Captain Conellard, and then began the series of misfortunes which have pursued us ever since.

On the 10th of January, during a thick fog, we went ashore at Cove Point, and did not reach Fort Monroe until the 13th, just one day after the departure of our expedition to Hatteras Inlet.

We were detained until the weather cleared, and were for ten days endeavoring, but in vain, to reach Hatteras, where we arrived at last in a pitiable condition, after ten days spent at sea battling against the elements, in an overcrowded vessel with 700 men on board.

We were barely anchored at about 6 miles from shore and in sight of the fleet when a furious storm of northwest wind arose and blew for ten days, after which I at last got to shore and reported to Generals Parke and Burnside.

The fleet was then inside the inlet as ready for action as it was possible to be after a fortnight of storms and gales which had dispersed or at least delayed eleven vessels, of which we were, after all, the first that arrived safely. The water schooners were not yet in sight, nor had the tug-boats, so indispensable to the speedy communication of orders, arrived.

General Burnside had no lightening vessels at his disposal on board on which to place us, and as the John Trucks drew too much water to pass the bar, he found it impossible for my men to be put on shore, and consequently ordered us back to Fort Monroe, pledging me his word and honor that he would send us a steamer to fetch us thence and enable us to join the expedition.

In accordance with the above order we sailed and reached

------

