
pushed the enemy so rapidly and so far. I hope that the effect has been produced of drawing the attention of the rebels toward Norfolk, &amp;c., so that, after having fully secured what you have gained, you will, by a rapid counter-movement be enabled to make the second attack with every chance of success. I still hope that you will be able to seize and hold Goldsborough, as well as gaining possession of the seaport in view.

You will have heard of our marked success in Tennessee-the capture of Fort Henry--and the trip of our gunboats into Alabama.

Everything goes well with us, but you success seems to be the most brilliant yet. I expect still more from you. While in the sound, please gain all possible information as to the possibility of attacking Norfolk from the south; that may prove to be the best blow to the struck. Although, as I am not yet quite prepared to secure it as it should be, it may be our best policy to defer that until you have accomplished all the original objects of the expedition, when with suitable re-enforcements you may attack Norfolk to great advantage.

I regret that the special messenger is waiting and that I must close this.

Very truly, yours,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding U. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, Numbers 8. Roanoke Island, February 15, 1862.

1. In this department, whenever possible, Divine service will be held by the chaplains on Sunday, and on that day all work will cease excepting such a s is absolutely necessary for the public service. The great trials and labors which have lately prevented the proper observance of this day being over, it is hoped that, in thankfulness for our preservation through the storms and the dangers we have passed and for the great victory granted us, all will join in the endeavor to keep it sacred.

2. In order to preserve the health of the command the brigade commanders will direct their troops to avoid as much possible the swampy parts of the island, not to bathe in the sound before 9 o'clock in the morning or later than 3 in the afternoon, and not bathe or wash their clothes in swamp water, this practice engendering chills and fever.

By command of Brigadier General A. E. Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Proclamation made to the People of North Carolina.

ROANOKE ISLAND, N. C., February 16, 1862.

The mission of our joint expedition is not to invade any of your rights, but to assert the authority of the United States, and thus to close with you the desolating war brought upon your State by comparatively a few bad men in your midst.

Influenced infinitely more by the worst passions of human nature than by any show of elevated reason, they are still urging you astray to gratify their unholy purposes.

