
[Inclosure.]

NAVY DEPARTMENT, February 14, 1862.

Flag-Officer L. M. GOLDSBOROUGH,

Commanding North Atlantic Blockading Squadron:

SIR: Your dispatches of the 9th and 10th instant, by the hands of your private secretary, communication the great success that has thus far attended the expedition into the waters of North Carolina, were received this morning, and I hasten, in the name of the President, to thank you for the service you and the brave men connected with you have rendered the country. These successful achievements of our Navy and Army in North Carolina come to swell to current of cheering tidings that reach us from the West, where the gallant Foote, with his flotilla, has co-operated with the Army in a successful demonstration against the rebel forces in Tennessee.

Our brave and patriotic men on the coast and in the interior are earning a debt of gratitude from their country.

The hearts and best wishes of the nation have been with you through the long trails you have endured, and most sincerely do we rejoice with you in the success which you have obtained.

In congratulating you and the officers and men of your command the Department would also extend congratulations to General Burnside and the Army.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GIDEON WELLES.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, March 4, 1862.

Brigadier General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE, U. S. A.:

GENERAL: The General-in-Chief has read your dispatches of the 14th, 20th, and 23rd February. Your course merits his full approval, and he desires me to say your wants shall be at once attended to. The subject of re-enforcements will meet with immediate attention.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Roanoke Island, March 5, 1862.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report for the information of the General Commanding that I have now embarked, preparatory to a movement designated by his instructions, the whole of General Reno's brigade and half of each of the brigades of Generals Foster and Parke. I had hoped to have finished the entire embarkation of the three brigades to-day, but the severe gale now prevailing will prevent. I tis impossible to calculate upon the time necessary to make movements on this coast. At this season of the year there are either gales or fogs five or six days in a week.

The necessary delay here has probably done us no material harm, as

