
5. The above regulations apply only to contrabands in the public service. When in the employ of officers or any other persons, as servants or in any other capacity, they will be paid by the person in whose employ they are an amount in money equal to the sum total of the clothing allowance, rations, and money expressed in the above regulations.

All persons at this post having contrabands in their employ or under their control will report in writing to these headquarters their names, ages, sex; where they come from; the names of their owners, and how long and by whom they have been employed.

In all cases they will be treated with great care and humanity. It is to be hoped that their helpless and dependent condition will protect them against injustice and imposition.

By order of Colonel R. C. Hawkins, commanding the post:

JOHN E. SHEPARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., March 13, 1862.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Roanoke Island:

GENERAL: Dispatches to inform you of the state of military operations on the Potomac will be sent you by this steamer.

It may chance that it will be important for you to co-operate with contemplated movements of Major-General McClellan, and, if so, you will place your command under his direction and obey his instructions.

By the return of this steamer, or earlier, if possible, you will make full report to this Department; 1st, of the state of your command; 2nd, the operations you are carrying on or contemplate; 3rd, your wants, if there be any.

Nothing will be spared that can be furnished by this Department that may contribute to the safety and success of your operations.

Accompanying this you will find a communication by General McClellan respecting your operations, to which you will conform according to your circumstances and judgment.

Yours, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE,

March 13, 1862.

Adjutant-General THOMAS:

In doubtful uncertainty as to General Burnside's position and how far he may now be engaged in his final operations, it is difficult to give him very precise orders at present. I think it would be well that he should not engage himself farther inland than at New Berne, and should at once reduce Beaufort, leaving there a sufficient garrison in Fort Macon. He should at once return to Roanoke Island, ready to co-operate with all his available force either by way of Winton or by way of Fort Monroe, as circumstances may render necessary. I advise this on the supposition that Captain Fox is correct in his opinion that Burn-

