
New Berne and its suburbs, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

5. Brigadier General J. G. Foster, military governor of New Berne, will direct that the churches be opened at a suitable hour to-morrow, in order that the chaplains of the different regiments may hold Divine service in them. The bells will be rung as usual.

By command of Brigadier General A. E. Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, Numbers 19. New Berne, March 19, 1862.

1. The brigade commanders will direct that their men have 40 rounds of ball cartridges in their cartridge-boxes at all times, ready for immediate use.

The post will be guarded as follows:

General Foster will guard the approaches to the town, throwing his pickets our some 4 or 5 miles, with strict instructions to them to carefully watch every way of entrance. General Reno will guard the line of the Trent and railroad as far as the brick-yard, throwing out his pickets in the same manner. General Parke will guard from Croatan down his line, throwing out his pickets in the same way.

2. No officer or soldier will, except on duty, be allowed outside the lines under the pretext whatever.

The pickets must be watchful, strong, well pushed out, and thoroughly instructed as to their duty.

By command of Brigadier General A. E. Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, Numbers 56. New Berne, March 20, 1862.

1. General Foster will move five companies toward Kinston up the main road bordering the railroad till they come to the fork of the road between the railroad and the river Neuse. They will then divide, and move up both roads till they come to Batchelder's Creek, and will burn both bridges over the creek. The force will then retire and occupy the fork of the roads and a point on the railroad immediately opposite, the pickets in communication with each other visiting occasionally with sufficient force the bridges and the bridge previously burned by the enemy. It may be well to have a patrol occupy the fork of the road, visiting occasionally the river Neuse. General Foster will also detail four companies of the same regiment to move up what is called d the Trent road to the line dividing Craven and Jones Counties and occupy that position, keeping a constant patrol from the swamp on the right to the Treent River on the left, distance probably 2 miles. He is authorized to direct his quartermaster to employ such labor as he may require to throw up field works. The remaining company will remain in camp as a camp guard. The regiments in this service will be changed as often as the general thinks necessary.

2. General Reno will order a regiment up the road on the south of the Trent River, with instructions to burn the bridge 10 miles above

