
this place, which leads to Pollocksville. The force will then proceed to the town of Trenton, and burn the bridge across the river at that place, and then proceed to a point 5 miles above, and burn the bridge at that place. The regiment will then return to its camp, instructing the people that all communication with New Berne must be by the road on the south side of the Trent and over the ferry and bridge at the city.

The intention of this order is to destroy all the bridges over the Trent except the one near the city, where a strong guard must be kept. Personal instruction will be given to the brigadier-generals as to the orders to be given to the pickets.

By command of Brigadier General A. E. Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, March 27, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

I have the honor to state that since my dispatch of the 21st instant we have been organizing and sending to General Parke batteries and ammunition for the siege of Fort Macon. He now occupies with his brigade Morehead City and Beaufort. Considerable delay has occurred from the weather and the burning of bridges over the railroad by the rebels immediately after the taking of New Berne. The bridge over Newport River has required a great deal of labor to reconstruct it. It will be finished, I think, by Saturday night, when we shall be able to forward things with much greater facility. The roads are very bad, and it requires an immense amount of labor to haul the heavy articles from the head of Slocum's Creek to the railroad. Yesterday I made a visit to General Parke's brigade, and gave him some more definite instructions as to his mode of proceeding. I hope when the enemy sees the ample means we have for the reduction of the fort he will conclude to surrender.

The expedition to Washington, mentioned in my last, was entirely successful, and productive, I think, of most excellent results. The enemy deserted the batteries, but the obstructions were still in the river. A passage-way for our steamers was, however, very soon made by our submarine engineers. The may or of the city and some of the most respectable citizens met the vessels some distance below the town and conducted them up. The troops landed, under the command of Colonel Stevenson, of the Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Regiment, marched through the streets of the city, then re-embarked, after hoisting the Stars and Stripes on the court-house, and then returned to this city. One or two naval vessels were left there for a short time. The light belonging to the Hatteras light-house, which had been in Washington for sometime, was removed up the Tar River n a very light-draught steamer, owned by one of the citizens, who was a large property owner there. Notice has been given him that he must return the light or his property will be seized or destroyed.

The negroes continue to come in, and I am employing them to the best possible advantage; a principal part of them on some earth fortifications in the rear of the city, which will enable us to hold it with a small force when it becomes necessary to move with the main body. The enemy have been remarkably quiet; in fact, we have had but one meeting of the outposts, when we drove their pickets from their position.

