
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, Numbers 23. New Berne, April 2, 1862.

1. The corps d'armee now in occupation of this department will at once be organized into three divisions, to be commanded, according to seniority of rank, as follows, viz:

First Division by Acting Major-General Foster.

Second Division by Acting Major-General Reno.

Third Division by Acting Major-General Parke.

2. The commanding general takes great pride in presenting to his soldiers extracts of letters received from distinguished sources, which express the anxiety with which their motions are watched by the Government and the nation, the appreciation of the suffering they have endured, and a grateful acknowledgment of the brilliant victories they have won.

The General Assembly of the State of Ohio have forwarded resolutions passed by them:

Proffering their heartfelt thanks and hearty congratulations on the brilliant victories in North Carolina, which they regard as the beginning of what all patriots hope may be the speedy end of the great rebellion.

General Thomas, Adjutant-General United States Army, writes:

The President and Secretary of War have specially instructed me to express their high appreciation of the bravery and skill displayed by the * * * commander of the Department of North Carolina and his troops in achieving successes at once brilliant and fruitful. They have not failed to notice also a sure sign of high discipline in the cheerful spirit with which obstacles briefly alluded to in reports have been overcome in the field.

Honorable Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War, writes:

The report of the late brilliant successes of the United States under your command at New Berne has afforded the highest satisfaction to the President and to this Department and to the whole nation, and thanks for distinguished service are again tendered to you and the officers and soldiers of your command. * * * It will be the pleasure of the Department to strengthen and support you to the utmost extent within its power.

By command of Major General A. E. Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, April 3, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to thank the President and yourself for the very complimentary way in which you have chosen to mention the services of my command. I have had your kind letter published to every regiment as a general order, and I am sure it is as gratifying to every officer and soldier in my command as it is to myself I must apologize for making this dispatch very short, as some requisitions from my chief quartermaster for transportation, &amp;c., render it necessary that a vessel should be dispatched at once for Hatteras Inlet to communicate with a vessel bound North from that place.

To-morrow I shall dispatch the E. S. Terry direct to New York with the convalescent wounded, and will send by her a more full account of our movements since our last.

Four regiments of re-enforcements have arrived, the Third and One

