
for the gunboats which are said to be building at Norfolk to come into these waters. I hope the expedition will be successful.

The regiments of my original command are much decreased by sickness and casualties in battle, and the recruiting service having been stopped, I shall not be able to fill them up. My command now consists of twenty regiments, one battalion, and a battery, making an aggregate of about 15,000 men, distributed as follows: Three regiments at Roanoke, one-half of a regiment at Hatteras Inlet, three regiments and a battalion with General Parke and on the road, and thirteen and one-half regiments with the battery at this place. The engines and car, for which we made requisition immediately after the battle, have not yet arrived, and as the re-enforcements sent me brought no wagons with them, we are absolutely crippled for want of transportation. I sincerely hope there will be no delay in forwarding me the regiment of cavalry and two batteries of artillery, together with the engines, cars, and wagons already required for.

The enemy continues in force at Kinston, but I feel quite sure I can dislodge them after the fall of Fort Macon.

I have the honor to be, General, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding Department of North Carolina.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Near Yorktown, April 20, 1862.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE,

Commanding Department of North Carolina:

GENERAL: I have information, which I regard as entirely reliable, that on the 25th of March a movement of troops commenced from Richmond for North Carolina to operate against your command. These regiments came from Fredericksburg and Gordonsville, having formed part of the army of Manassas. They are Fourth, Tenth, and Fourteenth Alabama regiments, two Virginia regiments, two North Carolina regiments, Sixth and Sixteenth Mississippi, Eighth Georgia, two other Georgia regiments, one of two Louisiana regiments, Thomas' artillery (four batteries), Ransom's regiment of North Carolina cavalry, the heavy guns formerly at Leesburg, said to be from twenty to twenty-five in number, and generally large rifled guns. I think the number and caliber of these guns exaggerated; there were probably ten to twelve. The total being thirteen or fourteen regiments of infantry, one regiment of cavalry, and four light batteries.

The railways in the South are represented to be in miserable condition, both as regards tracks and rolling stock, so the progress of these troops was probably slow.

It is represented that the energetic steps taken by the rebel Government in reference to the conscription have filled their regiments.

I learn to-day that General R. E. Lee commands in front of me, having Johnston under him, Lee being now Commander-in-Chief of the rebels, and that their force in and around Yorktown numbers more than 80,000 men.

I would recommend to you to make on offensive movement beyond New Berne until you have secured Fort Macon; also to be well on the alert against an attempt to turn your left flank.

