
I hope the Department may be able to let you have some of the heavy guns used in the siege of Fort Pulaski.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., April 25, 1862.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

GENERAL: Your dispatches by Major Sherman and by Captain Cutting have been received, and you will please accept my thanks for your very full and satisfactory report of the operations under your command.

The Van Alen Cavalry [Third New York] are under orders to join you. Two batteries are embarking here to-day. These comprise all the re-enforcements you asked for.

The President as well as the country at large feels great interest in everything concerning the safety and success of your expedition, and no effort of the Department will be spared in supporting you.

Appointments of your staff were ordered, as you desired, immediately upon the receipt of your letter naming the persons you desired appointed. We hope soon to hear that Fort Macon is in your possession. The operations at Yorktown and Corinth are now the subject of great interest. No doubt is entertained that Generals McClellan and Halleck will be entirely successful. Your limited force and the inability to increase its numbers at present will necessarily prevent your engaging in active operations to any great extent until the issue is determined at Yorktown. From your communications we are led to believe that you feel yourself entirely secure in your present position.

I shall be glad to hear from you as often as it is possible for you to report, and with sincere regard remain, truly, yours,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, Numbers 28. New Berne, April 28, 1862.

Whoever, after the issue of this order, shall within the limits to which the Union arms may extend in this department, utter one word against the Government of these United Stats, will be at once arrested and closely confined. It must be distinctly understood that this department is under martial law, and treason, expressed or implied, will meet with a speedy punishment.

The military governor of New Berne is charged with a strict execution of this order within the bounds of his control.

By command of Major General A. E. Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

