
Captain Richmond informs me that the cavalry you sent for were arriving, and that you need more infantry. I regret to say that the Government has not at this moment any troops that can be sent you.

Generals McClellan and Halleck are both urgent for re-enforcements, which cannot be given. When your cavalry and artillery arrive nothing further can be sent until the recruits are raised.

The co-operation of yourself and General Wool and the operations to be conducted by you are left to your discretion under the circumstances in which you may be placed. Frequent advices are desired. The President, Secretary Chase, and I have been here five days, and expect to return to-day.

Yours, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

CAMP 19 MILES FROM WILLIAMSBURG,

May 10, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I have fully established my connection with the troops near West Point, and the dangerous movement has passed. The West Point Railway is not every much injured; materials for repairs, such as rails &amp;c., cars, and engines may now be sent to me. Should Norfolk be taken and the Merrimac destroyed I can change my line to the James river and dispense with the railroad. I shall probably occupy New Kent in force to-morrow and then make my first preparations for battle. As it is, my troops are in advance of their supplies. I must so arrange my depot that we can follow up success. When at New Kent I will be n position to make a thorough examination of the country, so as to act understandingly. General Johnston cannot well be in front of Fremont for two reasons: First, he has no business there; Second, I know that I fought him on Monday, and that he is now on the Chickahominy. I have used his vacated headquarters from day to day. He is certainly in command here with all the troops he can gather. Two or three more of the cavalry regiments I left on the Potomac would be very acceptable. I am overworking what I have.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, May 16, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of yours of the 11th instant by the hand of Captain Richmond.

After dispatching him to Old Point Comfort from Oregon Inlet I visited Elizabeth City, and sent other spies up through the country, from whom I learned that Norfolk had been evacuated and occupied by General Wool, and upon the receipt of your dispatch i immediately returned to this place with a view to making arrangements for a move upon Weldon by way of Winton. I expected to find the horses and wagons for which i had required at this place, but as yet none have arrived. They are absolutely necessary to me in order to move into the

