
sequently had to remain indoors, but I feel now that I am quite recovered.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding Department of North Carolina.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE,Pamlico, May 19, 1862.

General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE,

Commanding U. S. Troops, New Berne, N. C.:

GENERAL: In reply to your letter of yesterday (but dated 17th instant*) I have the honor to state that your request shall at once be communicated to the General Commanding our troops, and, if acceded to, the parties desiring to return to New Berne will be speedily forwarded by flag of truce. Permit me to state that I have no doubt that every act consistent with public safety will be reciprocated on our part.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. RANSOM, Jr.,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., May 20, 1862.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have the pleasure of presenting to you the Honorable Edward Stanley, who has been appointed Military Governor of the State of North Carolina.

The nature and extent of Governor Stanley's authority and jurisdiction are expressed in his commission, which will be exhibited to you. Between him and yourself the President expects cordial co-operation for the restoration of the authority of the Federal Government. The province of Governor Stanley is to establish and maintain, under military form, the functions of civil government until the loyal inhabitants of North Carolina shall be able to assert their constitutional rights and privileges.

In order to maintain peace and enforce respect the Governor must be supported by a sufficient military force, to be detailed by you from your command, and report to him and act under his direction.

You will please detail such force as may be adequate for this purpose, to be designated as a Governor's Guard, and to be commanded by a competent officer. You will also, at all times, upon the Governor's requisition, support his authority and enforce his orders by a military force competent for the occasion.

The well-known patriotism and discretion for which the Governor and yourself are distinguished render it superfluous to give any further general instructions. The President expects from your harmonious and intelligent action the most favorable results.

With great respect, I am, yours, &c.,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

