
done so much for our cause in these waters, I beg that you will remind the Secretary of the Navy of these facts, and request that, as far as the interest of the public service will allow, the naval force under Commodore Rowan be strengthened rather than weakened.

In my previous communication I rather exceeded my province by stating that Governor Stanley's views and my own, as to the policy the Government wished to adopt in this State, "were remarkably co-incident." It would have been quite enough for me to have said that Governor Stanley, being the representative of the Government here, will that the civil policy to be adopted by him will cover a very wide range, and may in many cases not be n accordance with the views of a majority of the people under my command; but we are here to sustain the Government, and as long as Governor Stanley is its representative his wishes shall be carried out at any cost.

I avail myself of the departure of one of the naval vessels to send you this hasty dispatch, and I beg that you will not understand by it that any disagreement has occurred between the Governor and myself, for I simply want to avoid the trouble that may arise from an uncalled-for indorsement of future events, of which I necessarily know so little.

I am sorry again to report that none of our engines, cars, &amp;c., have arrived.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, June 3, 1862.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Care of General Dix, New Berne via Fort Monroe:

Your dispatches of May 19, 23, and 30 have been received. A copy of the last-mentioned dispatch has been communicated to the Secretary of the Navy and also to the President. The Quartermaster-General informs me that the locomotives and cars, to wit, four locomotives and fifty cars, have been shipped to you from Baltimore on fifteen schooners. General Wool has been transferred to Baltimore. General Dix takes his place. The troops at Old Point are probably taken by General McClellan. You will please place yourself in communication with General Dix. I will communicate more fully by mail.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, June 3, 1862.

Honorable EDWARD STANLEY,

Military Governor of North Carolina, New Berne, N. C.:

SIR: The House of Representatives of the United States on the 2nd instant adopted a resolution of which the following is a copy:

Resolved, That the President of the United States be requested to communicate to this House--

First. What powers have been conferred upon Honorable Edward Stanley, as Military Governor of of North Carolina, or as the agent of the Government in said State, under the appointment of the President.

Second. Whether the said Edward Stanley has interfered to prevent the education of children, white or black, in said State; and if so, by what authority, if any?

