
Third. If the said Edward Stanley has been instructed by the Government to prevent such education, to what extent and for what purpose were such instructions given.

The President has referred the resolution to this Department for reply, but as it has no information touching the matter covered by the second of the above inquiries, you are hereby requested to furnish the Department with a full and immediate answer to the same.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NAVY DEPARTMENT,

June 4, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 2nd instant, inclosing copy of a part of a dispatch from General Burnside, commanding the Department of North Carolina.

It is not known at this Department what places in North Carolina are occupied by General Burnside and therefore liable to be vacated by him upon the withdrawal of part of the naval force, but it is believed that the enemy's force both naval and military in those waters is dispersed and destroyed, and the large number of steamers used to accomplish this cannot now all be required there, more especially as an urgent call has been made upon this Department for an increase of force in the Virginia waters. There remain in the North Carolina waters, after the withdrawal complained of by General Burnside, seventeen naval vessels.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GIDEON WELLES.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., June 4, 1862.

The PRESIDENT:

SIR: In answer to a resolution of the House of Representatives, dated on the 2nd of June, in relation to the power conferred on the Military Governor of North Carolina, I have the honor to state:

1. That a copy of the letter of appointment and instructions to Governor Stanley are hereto annexed.

2. That Governor Stanley has not been instructed by the Government to prevent the education of children, white or black, in the State of North Carolina.

3. That this Department has no official information that Governor Stanley has interfered to prevent the education of white or black children in said State, but that a copy of the resolution of the House has been transmitted to him for report upon his action on the subject, which, when received, will be communicated to you.

Your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 19, 1862.

Honorable EDWARD STANLEY, &amp;c., &c., &c.,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: You are hereby appointed Military Governor of the State of North Carolina, with authority to exercise and perform, within the lim-

