
its of that State, all and singular the powers, duties, and functions pertaining to the office of Military Governor (including the power to establish all necessary offices and tribunals and suspend the writ of habeas corpus) during the pleasure of the President or until the loyal inhabitants of that State shall organize a civil government in conformity with the Constitution of the United States.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., May 20, 1862.

Honorable EDWARD STANLEY,

Military Governor of North Carolina:

SIR: The commission you have received expresses on its face the nature and extent of the duties and power devolved on you by the appointment [as] Military Governor of North Carolina.

Instructions have been given to Major-General Burnside to aid you in the performance of your duty and the extent of your authority. He has also been instructed to detail an adequate military force for the special purpose of a governor's guard and to act under your directions.

It is obvious to you that the great purpose of your appointment is to re-establish the authority of the Federal Government in the State of North Carolina and provide the means of maintaining peace and security to the loyal inhabitants of that State until they shall be able to establish a civil government.

Upon your wisdom and energetic action much will depend in accomplishing the result. It is not deemed necessary to give any specific instructions, but rather to confide in your sound discretion to adopt such measures as circumstances may demand. Specific instructions will be given when requested.

You may rely upon the perfect confidence and full support of the Department in the performance of your duties.

With respect, I am, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FORT MONROE, June 9, 1862-1.30 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I learn here that Commodore Goldsborough has ordered two more gunboats out of our department, the Hunchback and Commodore Perry, two of our best vessels. When the other boats were taken away it created much alarm among the Union people who had made demonstration in our favor in the towns occupied by these boats. It will be disastrous to the Union cause in North Carolina if this policy is carried out. We should have more gunboats instead of less, but will be satisfied with what we have. Seven have already left us. I hope the President will deem it proper to direct by telegraph that this order be revoked; if sent here to me I will transmit it. I am sorry to learn that there is much feeling against Governor Stanley, but I hope the Government will await further developments before condemning him. He is doing much good. I wish I could communicate with you personally, and would, but for going so far from my department. Gen-

