
and negroes, the property of loyal citizens, are taken on board without the consent of their owners, who are sometimes widows and orphans, will authority be given to prevent their being removed?

4. In cases where aged and infirm people, who have been always loyal inhabitants and treated with cruelty by secession soldiers because of their loyalty, have had their able-bodied slaves taken away, their barns robbed and fences destroyed, themselves unable from age and infirmity to labor, shall any effort be made, either by persuasion, by the civil authority, or otherwise, to have them delivered up?

5. If the Military Governor shall interfere with any action which it is known will violate the long-established law of North Carolina, and a person connected with the Army on the Sunday following shall make inflammatory appeals to a crowd of several hundred negroes, exhorting them to resort to violence and bloodshed, what action shall be taken by the Governor, if any, to prevent the recurrence of such conduct?

6. When the slaves of loyal citizens, who have never given aid and comfort to the rebellion and sometimes suffered because they did not, are employed by the authorities of the United States in various kinds of labor, can any steps be taken to secure a portion of what is due for their labor to their owners?

These are not cases of imagination; they have occurred and are most of them coming before me for action daily. I will not weary or distress you by the details.

I hope I am not exceeding the duties of my place while I urgently, but most of them coming before me for action daily. I will not weary or distress you by the details.

I hope I am not exceeding the duties of my place while I urgently, but most respectfully, request an answer to these questions.

When I receive that answer I shall be able, without delay, to inform the Department how far I can be relied upon to carry out its wishes.

Every day's experience impress more forcibly on my mind the conviction, felt by abler and better men than myself, that some course of policy must be adopted as to the disposition of slaves within our lines.

If the Army advances, and their numbers, already large, shall be increased, what is to be done with them? Who will support them or their owners, often loyal and true men, already reduced to want by the rebellion, who can make no crops without their aid?

The expense of feeding the negroes will be enormous. It is estimated that each negro man employed by Government will require in wages and subsistence $40 per month to support himself and family, who generally accompany him.

It is my heartfelt desire to restore to my native State the countless blessings conferred by the Union. I am ready to make any sacrifice a gentleman and patriot can make to do so. But if I cannot rely upon the "perfect confidence and full support of the War Department," which was promised me, I desire to know it.

The loss of my humble abilities will not be felt by this great country. If I am to act without instructions and not to be supported when I pursue the deliberate dictates of my judgment and conscience, then I ask-the only favor I ever asked for my personal benefit of any administration-to be allowed to tender my "immediate" resignation, a nd to be restored as early as possible to the honor of a private station.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

EDWARD STANLEY,

Military Governor of North Carolina.

