
when I met a dispatch from Colonel Hawkins, commanding at Roanoke Island, stating that there was information from Fort Monroe of some very important success to our arms in front of Richmond, which, if true, renders our proceeding further unnecessary; in fact, renders it almost necessary that the original suggestions of General McClellan to me should be carried out. I accordingly ordered my fleet to come to anchor, and sent a messenger to Norfolk to ascertain the exact state of affairs, and shall hold myself in readiness to proceed in either direction.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

I hope this action will meet with your approval.

FORT MONROE, July 3, 1862-3 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I have just received the following dispatch from Colonel Hawkins. I do not quite understand why General Burnside should not have sent it in his own, namely, if it comes from or is authorized by him. The officer who brought it says Colonel Hawkins sent it, with the assurance that General Burnside would approve it:
HEADQUARTERS, Roanoke Island, July 2-6 p. m.

General DIX:

I wish you would telegraph immediately to President Lincoln if he has any orders other than the last sent some three days ago for General Burnside. We are almost ready to move in obedience to that order. If Richmond be taken, the President may wish ot change his instructions. Please give me General McClellan's position when last heard from. Please return the dispatch boat immediately, as the news which it brings will, I think, govern the operations in this department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,RUSH C. HAWKINS,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Brigade and Post.

P. S.-We shall be ready to move in twenty-four hours.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, July 3, 1862.

Colonel HAWKINS,

Commanding at Roanoke Island:

Your telegram of July 2 to General Dix has just been received. Richmond is not taken. General McClellan has been compelled to fall back to Harrison's Bar, on the James River. It is the opinion of the President, and he so directs, that General Burnside in person, with all the infantry force he can spare, move by way of Hampton Roads and the James River to General McClellan's headquarters, to re-enforce him immediately.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FORT MONROE, July 3, 1862.

The PRESIDENT:

Soon after sending you Colonel Hawkers dispatch I received from General McClellan an order to General Burnside to bring on all the

