
Richmond will be relieved, and this place will be liable to an attack by a very large force; but I think, with the aid of the forts and gunboats, we can hold it, and we will remain subject to your orders.

I omitted to state that the execution of this last proposition might create some suffering among a few Union people in this city, but the other towns in these waters would not be affected so long as the naval forces here remain undiminished. The proposition contemplates leaving garrisons at Hatteras Inlet, Fort Macon, and Roanoke Island large enough to furnish as much protection to these other towns as they now receive, and as the Union sentiment in this place is remarkably limited, it should not be taken into consideration in devising plans for the pubic good.

We hope and pray that the condition of the Army of the Potomac is not as has been represented by the rebel accounts, but in any event we hold ourselves in readiness to stand by the Government, and perform any duties that may devolve upon us to the best of our abilities.

The adoption of the third proposition will involve the necessity of sending to Beaufort from the North transportation for six regiments of infantry, one regiment of cavalry, four batteries of light artillery, and also for 200 wagons and ambulances, with teams, if they are required; if not, they can be left in the depot at Morehead City, near Beaufort, with the engines and cars.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding Department of North Carolina.

WAR DEPARTMENT, July 5, 1862.

Major-General BURNSIDE, via Fortress Monroe:

The Department has no further orders to give, but hope you will with all speed reach General McClellan with as large a force as possible.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FORT MONROE, July 7, 1862-4.40 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Arrived here safely with the advance of my command. I bring near 8,000 good men. Please give me any instructions you may have. I shall leave as soon as the bulk of the command arrives. It takes some time for all the vessels to pass the swash. If necessary I will go right up.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, July 7, 1862.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Fort Monroe:

The President is on the way to meet you at Fort Monroe. Please remain, and do not send your troops forward until you see him.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

