HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, July 8, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to report that General A. E. Burnside left this department on the morning of the 6th day of July with the Second and Third Divisions of this corps d'armee to join the Army of the Potomac under General McClellan, leaving me in command of this department.

My force, comprising the First Division, consists of seven regiments and one battalion of infantry, one regiment of cavalry, one of artillery, and the Marine Artillery.

One regiment of infantry guards the railroad from here to Beaufort, one battalion at Beaufort, and one-half of the Marine Artillery as garrison on Roanoke Island. The balance of the forces are stationed at this point, under my immediate command.

I am at present engaged in strengthening and fortifying the place at every possible point of attack, and consider myself abundantly able to hold the position against almost any force that may be brought against it.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., July 15, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that everything has remained quiet in this department since the date of my last letter, July 12 [8th?]. I am progressing quiet well in strengthening the field works around the city, and am also erecting block-houses at all the exposed points, such as bridges, stations, &amp;c., on the line of the railroad, so as to enable a comparatively small force to hold the road with tolerable security. A fortified car, arranged to carry two guns, with loop-holes for musketry, and manned with a crew from the Marine Artillery, is run with every train between this city and Beaufort.

The city is quiet healthy at this time, and I find by a personal examination of the hospitals that most of the patients are convalescing.

I go to Beaufort to-day to inspect the hospital there and to arrange for placing it under the efficient care of some Sisters of Charity who are expected from New York.

Commodore Rowan left here at night on the 12th, in obedience to his orders. I had the honor to write in relation to him in my letter of that date.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, July 21, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that all has been quiet in this department since the date of my last report, July 15.

