
You have already been advised of the stranding of the British ship York on our coast near Bogue Inlet. It now appears that she has been burnt by the enemy's blockading squadron.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

J. R. ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS GATLIN DRAGOONS,Swansborough, N. C., January 17, 1862.

ROSCOE B. HEATH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

DEAR SIR: On yesterday morning about 9 o'clock my pickets reported two blockaders off this place, one a steamer, supposed to be the Albatross; the other a bark. After reconnoitering off and on until about 2 o'clock they came to anchor about one-fourth of a mile from the wreck of ship York (before reported); lowered six boats, containing each about 15 men. Three of the boats came close alongside of the wreck and threw over into it some combustible matter, which soon had the wreck in flames.

This morning early I took a detachment of 20 men and went over to the wreck and found it still burning-no vessel in sight. The enemy did not land at all. We had succeeded in securing only one flat load of rigging; the balance was ready on deck to be taken off as soon as the weather would permit the wreckers to go alongside. The captain of the wrecked ship, before leaving here, made an assignment of everything pertaining or belonging to the wreck, by power of attorney, to parties here, for the benefit of the underwriters. There are a great many tons of wrought iron about her, but will now be hard to save, if at all. I am now [convinced], and have been ever since seeing the crew and papers, that the wrecked ship York was a genuine British ship.

* * * * *

Very respectfully,

EDW'D W. WARD,

Captain, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., January [March] 25, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War:

SIR: Yesterday I addressed a letter to Honorable J. P. Benjamin, dated the 22nd instant,* calling for the copy of a report+ to the Department from General Huger, stating that my brigade was "supernumerary" in his department, and giving a succinct history of my Legion from its first organization to its present state, and putting certain questions, which I respectfully asked for information. I beg to call your attention to that letter and ask its early consideration. I have now under my orders five companies of infantry under Lieutenant-Colonel Richardson, two under Colonel N. Tyler, and nine companies of cavalry under Colonel J. L. Davis, in all sixteen companies, numbering, I suppose, 1,100 men. The two companies of the Second Regiment of Infantry at Lewisburg have been ordered to remain there for the present, under General Heth. But my two companies of artillery, with five field

---------------

*See Series IV.

---------------

+See p. 434.

