
pieces, which by order of the Secretary of War were left at Great Bridge, under command of Brigadier-General Mahone, in General Huger's department, I ask may be restored to my command, which, if done, will increase the Legion to about 1,300 men.

With this force, ordered to join me here, I can easily recruit the Legion to its original number, and if my third regiment be restored to me, now under Colonel Starke, at Goldsborough, N. C., it will have its complement of men of over 2,000 at once.

I ask, then, that my Legion may be preserved as a distinctive and independent force, under General Lee's definition of its character whilst under his command in the West; that my third regiment and corps of artillery may be restored to my command, and that I may be allowed to recruit and organize new companies for my Legion.

I am now awaiting a reply to my call for a court of inquiry; for the arrival of my command, when relieved from special orders here and at Murfreesborough, N. C., for further orders from the Department since the last to report to General J. E. Johnston at Manassas; and for the call of a committee of the House of Representatives of the Confederate Congress.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

COOSAWHATCHIE, S. C., January 28, 1862.

General JOSEPH R. ANDERSON,

Commanding District of Cape Fear, Wilmington, N. C.:

GENERAL: I have had the honor to receive your letter of the 24th instant* and can sympathize in your anxiety to make a successful resistance to the landing of the enemy on the coast of North Carolina. You may whole force if required, but I beg that you will not rely upon it, but endeavor to organize a sufficient force for your purpose independent of any re-enforcement from this department. The enemy is in great strength on this coast; has command of all the communications by water, and by means of his immense fleet and the net-work of sounds, rivers, and creeks spread over the Carolina and Georgia coast, a disembarkation of a large force can be made under cover of his floating batteries at any time. Scarcely a day passes that a demonstration is not made on some point, which obliges us to keep troops always ready to oppose him. You will see, therefore, how impossible it may be for me to send you succors at the time you may most need them, as it may be expected that when an attack is made on a part of the coast the adjacent country will be imposingly threatened.

As regards the two North Carolina regiments and light battery, I understood they were to form a permanent part of the troops assigned to this department, and would be replaced in your district by [receiving?] other regiments from the State into the service. This I had hoped had been done, as it is necessary to be prepared along the whole line. The want of arms has prevented my receiving troops that have offered their services from beyond the limits of the department, and has also prevented troops from the State coming into the service. I am sorry

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

