
ment at Roanoke River. Give orders to burn all that is not immediately moved into the interior out of enemy's reach.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Goldsborough, February 10, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch of this date, directing all the cotton on the Roanoke River not removed to a safe into the interior to be burned. The dispatch has been replied to by telegraph.

The only troops at my disposal, a regiment of infantry, will be sent up to Halifax to-night, with instructions to march down the Roanoke as far as Jamesville. I will place another regiment on that river, should it be placed at my disposal by Governor Clark. In my dispatch I begged that a light battery be sent to Halifax to join the infantry. This force might answer to check the advance of the enemy should he undertake the ascent of the Roanoke in force, but is not sufficient to do more than retard his progress. I would therefore respectfully suggest that large re-enforcements be sent into that section of the country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

RALEIGH, February 10, 1862.

J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War:

Roanoke Island has fallen; its garrison captured. We must organize another army for that section. I have only two regiments, which will go down forthwith to Weldon. Avenues to our railroads must be guarded. Send what assistance you can.

HENRY T. CLARK.

RICHMOND, February 11, 1862.

Gov. HENRY T. CLARK, Raleigh:

Your dispatch received. I am glad to hear of your two regiments ordered to Weldon. We are making every possible effort for your defense, and feel confident we can prevent access to the railroad.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 35. Richmond, February 12, 1862.

* * * * *

II. Brigadier General R. H. Anderson, Provisional Army, will proceed to Manassas, Va., and report to General Joseph E. Johnston, commanding, for assignment to the command of the South Carolina Brigade,

