
were necessary to prevent a sudden invasion, and were expected to remain only "till they could be replaced by other troops." And I should be doing injustice too the interest confided in me if I did not most respectfully urge that they be sent back, now that we learn a large force has come to the defense of that coast, whilst this is comparatively defenseless as to men.

I will advise General Lee of my expectations, and beg you will inform him that I have stated the case correctly, and order the return of the troops. My force would still fall very much short of what I estimated 24th September. Still, with the return of these troops and the aid of the militia, I believe we can defeat any force he will probably send.

The city is defended by intrenched works on the east, but I have no men to man them, nor is there any force in the vicinity which could be sent to my aid. I have felt it necessary to make this statement to you in order to enforce my application for re-enforcements and that you may see clearly the necessity therefor.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

J. R. ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-In the enumeration of my forces I have given the aggregate which mush be abated 30 or 40 per cent. for the sick.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Goldsborough, February 15, 1862.

J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War:

Weldon and the Sea-board Railroad must be defended. I am calling together the militia for that purpose, but that is very insufficient. We must be aided by your regiments from the Peninsula or elsewhere. The danger of cutting off Norfolk is great and a large supply of provisions stored in that section.

HENRY T. CLARK,

Governor of North Carolina.

RICHMOND, VA., February 14, 1862.

Gov. HENRY T. CLARK, Raleigh:

Your dispatch received. We are hard at work for you, and you will see the result in a very few days. Keep your people in good heart. The danger is greatly exaggerated.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

28 R R-VOL IX

