
there by my orders. He found Colonel Clarke at Garysburg, with the Twenty-fourth Regiment of North Carolina troops, together with a number of detached companies. Colonel Clarke informed him that he was there by orders from your office, and was instructed to report to Major-General Huger, commanding the Department of Norfolk, and that he was then acting under his orders. As Garysburg is within the Department of North Carolina, I am at a loss to know why troops are sent there and placed under the orders of the commander of another department and I not even officially informed of it.

Already a conflict of jurisdiction has arisen between the officers acting under my orders and those acting under General Huger. I hope immediate steps will be taken to restore order. I have given orders, but they may not be obeyed. I beg to call your attention to my letter of the 15th instant in relation to the defense of the Roanoke, some portion of which is germane to this matter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GATLIN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

Inform General Gatlin that the troops sent to Garysburg were not intended for his command, but were camped there temporarily, until General Huger could send for them.

J. P. B.

RICHMOND, VA., February 21, 1862.

Honorable WELDON N. EDWARDS,

President Convention of North Carolina, Raleigh, N. C.:

MY DEAR SIR: Your communication of the 13th instant,* with the accompanying resolutions of the Convention, has been received.

The North Carolina delegation in Congress had presented a copy of the resolutions before the receipt of your letter, and have received a reply, the substance of which has, I suppose, been already delivered to the Convention by them.

I am, very truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

RICHMOND, VA., February 21, 1862.

A. J. BATTLE, Esq., Wilson, N. C.:

MY DEAR SIR: The President has received your letter of the 12th instant,+ in reference to the defense of North Carolina, and instructs me to say in reply that inadequate means have limited preparations in that State, as elsewhere, and that he had not doubted the sobriety of General Gatlin, although General Loring, an officer of higher rank, had been sent to North Carolina.

Very respectfully,

G. W. C. LEE,

Colonel, and Aide-de-Camp.

---------------

*Not found. See Davis to Avery, p. 435.

---------------

+Not found.

