
RICHMOND, VA., March 2, 1862.

Brigadier-General GATLIN, Goldsborough, N. C.:

The President directs that the troops be withdrawn from the defense of Washington [N. C.], and sent immediately to General Randolph, at Suffolk, too aid in defense of that point. The artillery can be withdrawn to the line of railroad, to be disposed of as may be found best hereafter.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, Numbers 4. Goldsborough, March 9, 1862.

By direction of the Secretary of War, all cotton, tobacco, and naval stores within this department must be removed west of the Wilmington and Weldon Railroad; or, if distant from any railroad or navigable stream, put in such places of security that they cannot be reached by the enemy. Such of the above-mentioned products as are in exposed positions must be removed at once, and those less exposed removed or secured by the 25th instant; otherwise they will be destroyed by the military authorities.

The generals commanding the District of the Cape Fear and Pamlico will see that these orders are carried into effect.

It is hoped that the owners themselves will apply the torch rather than see the enemy gain possession of these much-coveted products.

Whenever it shall become necessary for an officer or citizen to destroy private property to prevent its falling into the hands of the enemy he will make a report of the facts and circumstances to these headquarters, accompanied with a statement of the property destroyed and to whom it belonged, and furnished the owner with a copy of the statement.

By order of Brigadier-General Gatlin:

JOHN W. GRAHAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GOLDSBOROUGH, March 13, 1862.

(Received Richmond, March 13, 1862.)

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

The enemy are in large force in Neuse River-ten steamers and one transport; are but 12 miles below New Berne. The pilot reports fifty vessels coming up. This is General Branch's report, date 9 p. m. yesterday.

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General.

RICHMOND, VA., March 13, 1862.

Brigadier-General GATLIN, Goldsborough:

The two North Carolina regiments of Radcliffe and Clingman have been ordered to New Berne. In the mean time draw re-enforcements from Wilmington, if practicable.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

