
RICHMOND, VA., March 13, 1862.

Major-General PEMBERTON, Pocotaligo, S. C.:

Send Radcliffe's and Clingman's regiments to New Berne, N. C., to report to General Branch. Will be replaced by two regiments from Georgia.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., March 14, 1862.

Brigadier-General GATLIN, Goldsborough:

What have you done about destroying cotton? What re-enforcements have you sent to New Berne? What are your plans? Keep us constantly advised. Have you established a line of signals to New Berne?

J. P. BENJAMIN.

GOLDSBOROUGH, March 14, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN:

An officer has just arrived from New Berne, who reports that the town fell into the hands of the enemy at 10 or 11 a. m. to-day, and that the troops are falling back in the direction of Kinston. I will try to hold the line of railroad between New Berne and this place, but to prevent the advance of the enemy large re-enforcements will be required. A general order was issued in regard to cotton on the 9th instant.

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Goldsborough, March 14, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I had the honor to send to-day to the honorable Secretary of War a telegram announcing the fall of New Berne. I have received no report from Brigadier-General Branch, who commanded, and I learn was on the railroad 10 miles this side of New Berne at sunset this evening with a part of his forces. I design to collect at Kinston all those who have passed General B., as at that point the several roads on which they may have retreated join. No re-enforcements reached New Berne in time to take part in the action. I have summoned General Anderson to my assistance, and will place the troops in such position as may seem best. In the mean time I will telegraph General Lee for advice as to the best line of defense it will be advisable to adopt.

My health for some time past has not been such as to warrant my taking the field, and for a few days past have been confined to my room; otherwise I should have been present to have conducted the operations in person.

A telegram from the Secretary of War to-day would indicate that he had not seen my report, accompanied by a return of the troops in Gen-

