
[Inclosure.]

OFFICE OF THE COMMITTEE OF SAFETY, FOR THE TOWN OF WILMINGTON,

Wilmington, N. C., March 15, 1862.

At a meeting of the Committee of Safety held this day the following resolutions were adopted:

Resolved, That Major Robert Strange, A. J. De Rosset, and W. G. Thomas, as representatives from the Committee of Safety of the town of Wilmington, forthwith proceed to the city of Raleigh, and confer with the Governor of this State on the subject-matter of the defenses connected with this portion of the State of North Carolina, representing to him the present condition of these defenses, the amount of the forces connected with them, and all such facts in relation to this subject-matter necessary to a full knowledge of our true condition.

Resolved, That said committee ascertain from the Governor what are his views as to the defense of this portion of the State, and if his purpose be to make such defense, that he be requested, without delay, to provide a competent force, with necessary munitions of war, for that purpose.

Resolved, That said committee, after conferring with the Governor, proceed to the city of Richmond, and ascertain, if practicable, the intentions of the Confederate States in reference to the defenses of the town of Wilmington.

S. D. WALLACE,

Secretary.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 61. Richmond, March 17, 1862.

* * * * *

XV. Brigadier General Robert Ransom will proceed without delay to Goldsborough, N. C., and report to Brigadier General Joseph R. Anderson, commanding, for duty with the troops in the field.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, Numbers 53. Goldsborough, March 17, 1862.

* * * * *

II. Brigadier General Samuel G. French, C. S. Army, having reported for duty in this department, agreeably to Special Orders, Numbers 1, from Headquarters, Richmond, Va., March 14,* 1862, hereby assigned to the command of the District of the Pamlico, which district embraces the counties of Edgecombe, Wilson, Pitt, Greene, Wayne, Lenior, Duplin, Jones Carteret, Craven, Beaufort, and Hyde.

The troops in the field in that district will be formed into two brigades, as follows:

The First (or French's) Brigade will consist of the Seventh, Twenty-sixth, Twenty-seventh, Thirty-fifth Regiments, and Major L. H. Rogers' battalion of infantry, North Carolina troops; Captains Sutton, Tripp, Rodman, Lane, Harding, Mallett, and Whitehursts' companies of foot artillery, which will be formed into a battalion, under the command of Captain William Sutton; Captain Jones and Grisham's batteries, and Colonel Spruill's cavalry.

The Second (Branch's) Brigade will consist of the Eighteenth, Twenty-fifth, Twenty-eighth, Thirty-third, and Thirty-seventh Regiments North

---------------

*(March 15th.) See Special Orders, Numbers 60, March 15, 1862, from Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, Richmond, p. 445.

---------------

