
Carolina troops; Captains Whitford's, Mayo's, Leecraft's, and Herring's companies of foot artillery, which will be formed into a battalion, under the command of Captain John N. Whitford; Latham's and Bunting's batteries, and Captain Evans' cavalry.

Any other companies or parts of companies not embraced in the foregoing will be assigned to brigades by Brigadier-General French, who will immediately report the same to these headquarters.

* * * * * *

By order of [Brigadier General J. R. Anderson]:

R. H. RIDDICK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 1. Kinston, March 18, 1862.

In accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 53, Headquarters Department of North Carolina, dated March 17, the undersigned assumes command of the troops in the field in the District of Pamlico, which district embraces the counties of Edgecombe, Wilson, Wayne, Lenior, Duplin, Jones, Carteret, Craven, Beaufort, Pitt, Greene, and Hyde.

S. G. FRENCH,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF PAMLICO,Kinston, March 18, 1862.

General R. E. LEE, Richmond:

GENERAL: I. I have not given this section of country, as regards defense, any consideration until within the last two days, but from what I have seen of the country and the force of the enemy I have drawn certain conclusions.

II. This place cannot be defended, because it is an open, level country, with roads enabling the place to be flanked. A column of the enemy approaching by the road on the left bank gains our left flank. The stage road and railroad cross about a mile from each other in our front, and then another crossing at White Hall, some miles above us, gaining our rear; besides, wagon roads numerously intersect them. The river is also boatable.

III. If the rail of the road be taken up, which I would advise, it would prevent its use by the enemy hereafter, and he could, if he advances, be batter and more successfully fought near Goldsborough, farther from his base of operations and in a more defensible country. Further, the country abandoned is sterile and destitute of supplies.

IV. The force concentrated at or near Goldsborough would be in a strategic position, and available for Wilmington and Suffolk.

V. From numerous sources, especially Captain Meade, Engineers, and other officers, I am informed that, should the expedition depart for Wilmington, they can land readily on the land which forms the sound south of Sandy Hall Inlet, and, as it connects with the main-land, get to the rear of the city.

The sound also is at the south end easily forded; after which it becomes deep and the main shore easily approached by boats; hence a land force in strength is necessary for the defense of the place. This might probably be sent in time from Goldsborough.

