
VI. Hence I recommend the destruction of this road to Goldsborough and concentration of forces at that point. I know, however, that you have better means of knowing the ease with which a force can be landed for the attack on Wilmington than I have collected in the two days I have been here, amidst a press of business.

The defenses against attack on Wilmington by water are represented as being good. You will excuse my making these suggestions to you, who have doubtless considered them. I have thought they could do no harm in any event. One of the surgeons who went to New Berne has returned. He reports that General Burnside told him candidly that he had 27,000 men, and that he knew every regiment and the exact nature of the fortifications at New Berne before the attack, and he named all the regiments with perfect familiarity.

Yours, very truly,

S. G. FRENCH,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

RICHMOND, VA., March 20, 1862.

Governor HENRY T. CLARK, Raleigh, N. C.:

Call on every man in your State that can come with arms to rally with the utmost dispatch to defend your line of railroad.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,March 20, 1862.

General R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding:

SIR: As I reported by telegraph, I have dispatched to Goldsborough, to report to Brigadier-General Anderson, the Louisiana Battalion, the Georgia Battalion, Major Hardeman, and Colonel D. H. Hamilton's regiment South Carolina Volunteers.

This latter regiment has eleven companies, one of which (Captain McIntosh's) has a battery of field artillery (four guns).

I last night received your dispatch to send to Goldsborough Colonel Leventhorpe's regiment from Hamilton, N. C., Colonel Hoke's regiment from Weldon, N. C., and Brigadier General Howell Cobb's brigade from Suffolk. The orders were dispatched at once and receipt acknowledged, except from Colonel Leventhorpe, who cannot be reached so soon. The railroad has been notified and transportation arranged.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., March 21, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER,

Commanding Department Norfolk, Va.:

GENERAL: I have had the honor to receiver your letter of the 20th instant, reporting the execution of orders for the movement of troops

29 R R-VOL IX

