
his command and make necessary preparations as to be able to move across the James River all forces that can be spared from his batteries and intrenchments to co-operate in the repulse of the enemy from any threatened attack on Suffolk or other approaches to Norfolk. He will have is forces in readiness to cross the river on receiving further orders.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., February 26, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER, Norfolk, Va.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I sent Colonel Lee, my aide-de-camp, to converse with you freely and confidentially and to bring to me full and exact information as to your condition and views.

This morning it has been stated to me that you feel restrained by the want of an assurance that the Government has left your action to the guidance of your own judgment. In that regard I have to say that my rule has been to seek for the ablest commanders who could be obtained, and to rely on them to execute the purposes of the Government by such plans as they should devise and with such means as could be made available.

You certainly have not been an exception to that rule. My purpose in your case was the defense of Norfolk, and my confidence in you has been to me a constant source of hope. You will accept assurances of my readiness to sustain you to the full extent of my power, and the expression of the desire that you would look to success as the only directrix of your course in the discharge of your official duties.

Very truly, your friend,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

RICHMOND, VA., February 27, 1862.

General B. HUGER, Norfolk, Va.:

You will place the towns of Norfolk and Portsmouth and their dependencies under martial law. Preparation should be made for the removal of that part of the population who could only embarrass the defense in the event of a siege.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

RICHMOND, VA., February 27, 1862.

Brigadier-General WINDER:

SIR: I have just finished an examination of the field works erected and planned around the city for its defense, and respectfully submit a brief report of their condition for your information.

These batteries, numbering eighteen, and seven outworks, are placed in a circle of about 12 miles around the city. I think their location and design good. The magazines of those on the north side of the river are not in a fit condition to receive ammunition. All of them are more or

