
bad faith with us in reference to an exchange of prisoners, I did not answer his letter or take other action on it than to send to Washington for the released sick.

TH. H. HOLMES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., April 9, 1862.

Major General T. H. HOLMES,Commanding, &amp;c., Goldsborough, N. C.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 6th instant is received. Your views with reference to the disposition of the troops of your command are approved. I recommend the utmost diligence in getting information as to the movements of the enemy, and that you hold yourself fully prepared to move rapidly to any threatened point.

General Huger, by telegram, dated the 8th, informs me that Colonel Ferebee, North Carolina Militia, reports to him that the enemy have landed some 2,000 men at Elizabeth City.

Your attention is specially directed to this report and to any movement in that direction. I think that if an attack be made on Norfolk it will be from the south side. The presence of the Virginia will, in my opinion, deter the enemy from attempting a movement on Norfolk from the direction of Fort Monroe or by way of Elizabeth River.

I have directed the Georgia regiments to be sent to you at once, and as soon as they arrive you will do everything in your power to arm and prepare them for service. I am informed by Major Ashe, of North Carolina, that large numbers of country rifles and other arms can be collected in that State, and I have directed him to get all he can. You will also do everything in your power to collect arms for the troops that you will receive.

With reference to the North Carolina troops, I am desirous that you should have them as soon as possible, and the Governor of North Carolina has been written to on the subject. I desire that you shall do whatever may be in your power to expedite the matter, and as the troops arrive proceed to organize and prepare them for service, and after arming the Georgia troops, those from North Carolina that are unprovided with arms can be supplied with such as remain from what Major Ashe or yourself may collect or any others that may be sent to you.

With reference to the exchange of prisoners, I would state that while I believe the enemy have acted in bad faith in the matter, it is not desirable to follow a bad example. If you have any sick or wounded prisoners of the enemy I would advise their release in return for the release of ours by General Burnside.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Goldsborough, April 10, 1862.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army:

GENERAL: The enemy were re-enforced at New Berne on Thursday last by about 4,000 men; whether they were from the North or his re-

