
less damp and some of them have 2 or 3 feet of water in them. I would suggest that they be built above the surface of the ground.

There are eleven long 32-pounders mounted on barbette carriages and nine guns of the same class in the batteries in the north side of the river not mounted. Batteries Nos. 11 and 12 on the north side, and Nos. 17 and 18 on the south side of the river, have not been commenced.

I would respectfully suggest that these last mentioned be completed and armed, as I think that we are most likely to be attacked from that quarter first.

I do not deem it necessary to give a more detailed statement at present. I submit these facts to you in the hope that you will bring the matter before the Engineer and Ordnance Department.

The accompanying sketch of the works will gave you a better idea of them than anything I have written or could write.*

If these works were completed and well armed they would indeed be formidable; yet it seems to me doubtful whether we could supply an army with provisions that would be necessary to defend the city against the force the enemy would likely bring against us. We might possibly be made to experience the fate of General Mack at Ulm. But these are matters for the Government to decide. With these facts and remarks I leave the subject in your hands.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TANSILL,

Colonel, Commanding Second Regiment Virginia Artillery.

P. S.-I should have before observed that it will require 218 guns to fully arm the batteries.

R. TANSILL,

Colonel, Commanding Second Virginia Artillery.

PROCLAMATION.

[FEBRUARY 27, 1862.]

Whereas the Congress of the Confederate States has by law vested in the President the power to suspend the writ of habeas corpus in cities in danger of attack by the enemy:

Now therefore I, Jefferson Davis, President of the Confederate States of America, do hereby proclaim that martial law is extended over the cities of Norfolk and Portsmouth and the surrounding country to the distance of 10 miles from said cities, and all civil jurisdiction and the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus are hereby declared to be suspended within the limits aforesaid.

This proclamation will remain in force until otherwise ordered. In faith whereof I have hereunto set my hand seal, at the city of Richmond, on this twenty-seventh day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-two.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

FEBRUARY 28, 1862.

Colonel KEMPER,

Speaker House of Delegates, State of Virginia:

DEAR SIR: I inclose my report on the condition of the defense of Richmond, as called for by a resolution.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

