
pay for private arms. None can be had unless they are paid for at the time.

I am deeply pained and mortified at the apathy that pervades the people, and have utterly failed in my efforts to arouse them.

Relative to the Enfield rifles, I had issued them, according to your instructions, to the three Georgia regiments. There was a small overplus, which I gave to the flank companies of other regiments. If I should take them from the Georgia regiments it would produce discontent, and as most of the flank companies have rifles of one sort or another, I think it best not to disturb them.

If you do not insist on it I will not send a regiment to Wilmington for the present to take the place of Colonel Starke's, as there is no indication of danger in that direction.

I am, General, very respectfully,

TH. H. HOLMES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., April 20, 1862.

Major General T. H. HOLMES,Commanding, &amp;c., Goldsborough N. C.:

GENERAL: The demand for arms from all sides is so great and their scarcity so keenly felt, that I deem it proper to call your attention to the importance of making a judicious distribution of the rifles recently sent you. By a letter from General Martin to you, of the 16th instant, I am advised of the inability of the State of North Carolina to arms the regiments now in camp at Raleigh. I have written to him, urging that the State make all possible efforts by procuring private arms, &c., to arm them. The rifles sent you were of a very fine quality, and I suggest that you place them in the hands of the flanking companies of the regiments, and give the balance muskets or such private arms as can be procured. The rifles will thus be made to do much towards enhancing the efficiency of each regiment. If you can use them and desire it, I can order a number of pikes to be sent you. Owing to the lack of fire-arms some of these have been sent to nearly every army in the field, and, if well handled and wisely distributed, will undoubtedly od good service.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., April 20, 1862.

Major General T. H. HOLMES,

Commanding Department, Goldsborough, N. C.:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Lee to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 18th instant, wherein you state that you cannot recommend the withdrawal of Colonel Starke's regiment from your department, and to say that, the necessity having become urgent for additional troops between Fredericksburg and this city, he on yesterday telegraphed you to send this regiment, at the same time ordering one from the departments of South Carolina and Georgia to this place. No other consideration influenced him in doing this except the necessi-

