
ties of the service, and he hopes that you will soon be able to replace the regiment taken from you by one of the new regiments now at Raleigh.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

If the regiment has not started, the General desires you to send it immediately.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA, Goldsborough, April 21, 1862.

General R. E. LEE,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The enemy show a disposition to remain entirely quiet at New Berne. They have thrown up works extending from the Neuse to the Trent, and have cut down the forest in front of them. Their purpose their seems to be only to defend themselves.

On the 16th instant two water from New Berne, as I think, to re-enforce the troops engaged in the investment of Fort Macon. I may be mistaken, however, as to their destination, my opinion of it being based mainly on the fact that the enemy's force near Fort Macon has recently been represented to me as much larger than it was previously reported.

This information reached me this evening. If you think it advisable under it to withdraw any of the troops from here please do not designate them, but permit me to do so.

I respectfully request authority under the conscript law to order a board of examination upon the officers nearly elected in the volunteer regiments; otherwise many very inferior officers will come into the service, greatly to its injury.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. H. HOLMES,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., April 22, 1862.

Major General T. H. HOLMES,Commanding Department, Goldsborough, N. C.:

GENERAL: General Lee directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 21st instant, brought by General Anderson, stating that the enemy exhibited no intention of an immediate advance, and to say that on the strength of it he has ordered by telegraph to-day that you send a brigade at once to Fredericksburg, where troops are much need. The enemy are reported to be 5,000 strong on the opposite side of the river from Fredericksburg, and a heavy force between that and Aquia Creek, under McDowell. [If] it is [true], the necessity to re-enforce General Field is urgent. One brigade has been ordered up from your department. The General would like much to have another brigade, and wishes to know if you cannot spare an additional one from your command. You will designate the troops that are to move. Instructions based upon the conscript law are being prepared by the Secretary of War for the guidance of all concerned, and will be forwarded to you as soon as ready for distribution.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

