
the ground, which seemed to me judicious and showed resources. At last accounts, yesterday, the enemy, with an increased number of boats, were still on board their vessels off Elizabeth City, thus threatening our line from Powell's Point to the Blackwater. He may land at Elizabeth City or any other point on the Chowan he pleases. I am too weak to scatter troops. Suffolk is particularly weak. If any additional force can be spared from anywhere it should be sent there.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., April 28, 1862.

Major General T. H. HOLMES,Commanding, &amp;c., North Carolina, Goldsborough, N. C.:

GENERAL: I have had the honor to receive your letter of the 25th instant relative to the removal of a brigade from your command, and giving your objections to a further decrease of your force. You will have learned since the date of arms at Wilmington, and the assignment of a portion of them to your order, for the purpose of arming the new troops within your department. The number turned over to you, together with those collected by your agents and those of the State, will enable you to arm, it is hoped, six new regiments. The need for troops in the vicinity of Fredericksburg is very urgent, and they can contribute to the defense of North Carolina as materially at that point as they would in assisting to prevent an advance from the enemy now occupying the eastern waters of the State.

In view of the pressing necessity for re-enforcing the army operating in Northern Virginia, and of the assignment of arms to troops in your department, I determined to order a brigade of your forces to the vicinity of Fredericksburg, as you were advised on the 26th. You will please forward the command you may select without unnecessary delay, and lose on efforts to supply their places by some of the new regiments at Raleigh. I would also request that, if it can possibly be spared, you will forward some of the land transportation heretofore used by the troops which have been withdrawn from North Carolina. Wagons and teams are much needed by the army collecting near Fredericksburg.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., April 30, 1862.

Major General T. H. HOLMES,Commanding, &c., Goldsborough, N. C.:

GENERAL: Your letters of the 27th instant and telegram of 29th are received. Information received by General Huger confirms the report of Captain Andrews with regard to the continued presence of the enemy at Elizabeth City. It does not seem to me that there are any indications of an advance toward Goldsborough by General Burn-

---------------

*Further correspondence between Lee and Huger will be printed in Series I, Vol. XI.

---------------

