HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., May 13, 1862.

Major General T. H. HOLMES,Commanding Forces in North Carolina:

GENERAL: I fear it will be necessary to draw still further from the troops under your command for the defense of Richmond and its neighboring approaches. You are being weakened much more than is desirable, but the necessity is unavoidable. The troops which have been withdrawn from you will be replaced by the new levies now being organized in North Carolina. It is highly important that these should be brought to the field with as little delay as possible. General James G. Martin and Colonel Clingman will be appointed brigadier-generals, and will report to you. Their brigades will be formed from the North Carolina regiments. Enjoin upon them the importance of speedily organizing and equipping the new levies that may compose their brigades.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., May 19, 1862.

Major General T. H. HOLMES,Commanding, &amp;c., Goldsborough, N. C.:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Lee to say that all of General Huger's command will be withdrawn in this direction, and that it will be necessary for you to replace the regiment now stationed at Weldon. Colonel S. R. Harrison, commanding First Louisiana Volunteers, is now there in command. As soon practicable you are desired to send a regiment to relieve him, that he may proceed with a little delay as possible to join the balance of General Huger's division.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., May 22, 1862.

Brigadier General S. G. FRENCH,Commanding, Wilmington, N. C.:

GENERAL: I have received your letter of the 20th instant, reporting attack on Fort Fisher, and asking for additional guns of long range. Colonel Gorgas has been directed to send to you as soon as possible two 32-pounder rifled guns, which are the only suitable ones that are available at this time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

RICHMOND, VA., May 23, 1862.

His Excellency HENRY T. CLARK,

Raleigh, N. C.;

You know the importance of maintaining communication South. Will you send a brigade, under General Martin, to Petersburg for that purpose,

