
Major Shea left Aransas early yesterday morning and returned with his command at 3 p. m. to-day. He reports to Colonel Garland, and sends a messenger at once for advice as to what steps are next to be taken, if any, to protect the interests at stake. As he camp up the large schooner that passed here yesterday was hugging the shore, apparently bound for Aransas, doubtless having supplies on board and perhaps forces. She was lined with surf-boats along her deck.

The light-house there, like tis at Pass Cavallo, furnishes the enemy with many advantages. The line of trade for the present is destroyed. No boats will be allowed to pass below this point in future. I have been thus circumstantial, that you may lay before General Hebert the weakness of the forces and the defenses on this portion of the coast.

Very respectfully submitted.

C. G. FORSHEY,

Major of Artillery and Engineer of Coast Defenses.

Major SAMUEL BOYER DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, C. S. Prov. Army, Houston, Tex.

Numbers 2. Report of Major Daniel D. Shea, C. S. Army, commanding Battalion of Artillery.

CAMP ESPERANZA, NEAR SALURIA, TEX., February 16, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report to you the result of my excursion down the island and the information it furnished for the public service:

As already reported to you by Major Forshey, I took a detachment of mounted men, 32 in number, under Lieutenant Patton and Preston, and went down to Cedar Bayou, 35 miles, in hopes to capture the parties landing form the blockading bark Afton.

On my arrival there I learned that she was at Aransas Pass, and the citizens in great alarm from the precipitate retreat of Captain Neal's command, the capture of the sloop that his pickets were using, and the impudence of the enemy making his landings, getting such supplies as he chose, and reconnoitering the vicinity. I therefore pushed directly on the Aransas, and took a position on the rear of the island, remote as possible from the ship.

Immediately after my arrival it was reported that Captain Neal had landed a force of 200 men the night before on Mustang Island, and would attack them. I waited on the point of San Joseph's Island with my force to act in concert with the party on the opposite side of the Pass; but when the enemy's boats were going out of the harbor only about 6 men fired at them from the hills on Mustang. I perceived this mode of attack was attempted by a party of civilians, and not regular troops; therefore, I kept my party secreted. The enemy's four boats, manned by only 28 men, passed out over the bar without sustaining any damage. I drew my party off the await the landing on San Joseph's. They, however, returned to their ship.

Wednesday 12th, the ship made sail and came to off Mustang Island about 10 a .m. and commenced shelling. I could not find a boat of any

