
and stood. He then came toward me and both advanced and met. he stated to me he did not come here to make war on women and children; he was sent to blockade this harbor, and he would carry out his orders. To which I replied that his causing to be destroyed the dwellings of Messrs. Mercer and Clubb, on Mustang Island, and killing of cattle and sheep, the property of inoffensive citizens, looked to me that his mode of warfare was of a promiscuous character. He said when he went on shore on Mustang Island he met Mr. Mercer's son, and thought that Mercer and himself had understood each other. Mercer was one of the party that fired on his boat when passing out of Aransas Pass, and he was compelled to retaliate. He said he captured a schooner off Pass Cavallo. He sent some of the crew prisoners on the prize to New York. He had Judge Talbot and Captain Hopper and wife on his ship. He said they had the liberty of the ship and dined at his table.

The surgeon, white flag bearer, remarked that the captain had treated them kindly, and endeavored to make them feel easy on the vessel. The captain continued, and said he sent Captain Coffin to New York, and handed to me two letters and a package directed to Mrs. Smith, Coffin's daughter, and a package from Judge Talbot, directed to George Bunkmark, at Matagorda. He requested me to say to Judge Talbot's friends and relieves that the old gentleman was well, and he would intercede for his release with the commodore at Ship Island. The captain asked me if I commanded the troops on this island. I answered, "I command a detachment of cavalry." The surgeon inquired if I commanded the troops on Mustang Island and vicinity. I said, "No, sir." The captain remarked, "You perceive I can shell this island. I can hold and command this coast with my ship." I said, "I perceive that, and we could not hold this portion of the coast, from the fact we had no ordnance here to defend it; but I would like to have the pleasure of meeting you on main-land or with equal numbers from under the fire of your ship." He replied, "Let that be as it may; I admire your gallantry." He inquired if the people on the coast would respect a white flag. I answered, "I presume they would; but the white flag was not respected on the Atlantic coast by his party." He said he would not do any harm to citizens. He wanted fresh provision occasionally, and would pay for what he would take. The surgeon remarked naively they only wished to come on shore again, and bring with him Judge Talbot's trunk and some other packages and forward them to my care at Pass Cavallo. We bid each other adieu, and when at the distance about 50 yards he called and asked if Captain Nichols still lived at Pass Cavallo. I answered, "Yes." He asked if he was at home. I answered in the affirmative, and he then went on board his boat.

One of the boats had a mast rigged and signalized the ship when to open fire and when to cease. The surgeon stated to K. A. Mercer, jr., as few days previous, when they landed on Mustang Island, that he was a Texan and his named is Osborne. He is a large man, about forty-seven to fifty years old. The captain is a small, light man, sallow complexion, about thirty-five years old. He told Mercer he intended to break up the commerce now carried on through the bays, and he intends to go to Lamar, and would have the pilot schooner Twin Sisters. He is very anxious to capture small boats. He said he could take his ship to Lamar and his crew and boats could take Corpus Christi. He said two of the crew captured by him joined his ship; these, of course, have given him all the information he requires.

I must state that the captain is a brave and daring officer, and is

