
putting himself in the way of being captured by a small party fo good men. If this man is not stopped immediately, before he can capture the small boats now in the lower bays and salt-works, he will command our whole western coast.

When returning from Aransas I saw a three-masted schooner sailing to the westward. I suppose her to be a supply vessel. She had launches slung along her sides and more men than a vessel of her class requires for her own purposes.

It gives me pleasure to testify to the good conduct of the whole party under my command, and specially to compliment Lieutenant I. A. Patton and his detachment of Beaumont's calvary for their coolness and soldierly behavior under a heavy fire of shells. Lieutenant Conklin and a small party of Captain Neal's command were also under the same fire and conducted themselves with commendable coolness.

I would close this communication by stating my conviction that nothing short of immediately and energetic action, under a prudent and skillful commander, can prevent the enemy form getting a foothold at Aransas and destroying the commerce of the bays, and thus rescue the vast interests at this moment periled in that region.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAN. D. SHEA,

Major, Prov. Army C. S., Commanding Batt. Art., Pass Cavallo.

Colonel R. R. GARLAND, C. S. Army,

Commanding Sixth Regiment Texas Infantry, Victoria, Tex.

P. S.-I forgot to embody in the above report that Captain B. F. Neal reported to me about 60 men for duty on the morning after the parley with the commander of the blockading vessel. I had concluded to return to my post and lay before you the above report, in order to prepare a proper military force to protect our commerce west, and advised him to retire from the island.

FEBRUARY 21, 1862.-Engagement at Valverde, N. Mex.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1.-Colonel Edward R. S. Canby, Nineteenth U. S. Infantry, commanding Department of New Mexico.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Benjamin S. Roberts, Fifth New Mexico Infantry.

Numbers 3.-Major Thomas Duncan, Third U. S. Cavalry, and resulting correspondence.

Numbers 4.-Colonel Christopher Carson, First New Mexico Infantry.

Numbers 5.-Colonel Miguel E. Pino, Second New Mexico Infantry.

Numbers 6.-Lieutenant Colonel Jose M. Valdez, Third New Mexico Infantry (mounted).

Numbers 7.-Findings of Court of Inquiry on conduct of Captain R. S. C. Lord, First U. S. Cavalry.

Numbers 8.-Brigadier General Henry H. Sibley, C. S. Army, commanding Army of New Mexico, including operations from January -- to May 4, 1862.

Numbers 9.-Major Charles L. Pyron, Second Texas Cavalry.

Numbers 10.-Lieutenant Colonel William R. Scurry, Fourth Texas Cavalry.

Numbers 11.-Major Henry W. Ragnet, Fourth Texas Cavalry.

Numbers 12.-Colonel Thomas Green, Fifth Texas Cavalry.

Numbers 13.-Colonel William Steele, Seventh Texas Cavalry.

Numbers 14.-Captain Powhatan Jordan, Seventh Texas Cavalry.

Numbers 15.-Captain Trevanion T. Teel, Texas Light Artillery.

