
wing, by crossing Captain Selden's command higher up the river, which I was only enabled to do in consequence of the low stage of the water. No fords were known above, but the regulars took the water and crossed, selecting step by step their foothold among quicksands and against the strong current of the Rio Grande up to their arms in its water.

The fire of our batteries commenced at 10 o'clock, and under the admirable serving of Captain McRae, Third Cavalry, Lieuts. L. Mishler, Fifth Infantry, I. McC. Bell, Second New Mexico Volunteers, and Robert H. Hall, Tenth Infantry, drove the enemy's forces from all their main positions. But they were constantly receiving re-enforcements, and having established their guns at different points within twenty minutes after Captain McRae's first shot, replied with well-directed and rapid returns of shot, shell, and grape, making the most desperate efforts to regain the ground form which they had been driven by Major Duncan's skirmishers. This contest of artillery and rifles was continued for more than two hours with a desperation on the part of the Confederates well worthy of a better cause. At about 12 meridian I had driven them from all the positions they had takes, forced them to withdraw their guns, and take a position higher up the river.

Captain Selden's battalion of regular infantry, including Captain Wingate's and Captain Plympton's battalions and Colonel Carson's regiment New Mexican Volunteers, reported to me at this juncture. I directed Captain Selden with his command to cross the river higher up, in the direction the enemy had been driven, and engage them with the bayonet.

Having receiving information that 500 Confederate cavalry had crossed the river above and threatened my rear, I placed Colonel Carson's regiment in a bosque higher up, near the main road to Valverde, to observe that direction, and to prevent any attempts on my left and rear. Captain Selden promptly formed after fording the river, and in the most gallant manner attacked the large forces that had been driven from their first positions and taken a still stronger one higher up the river. He drove them with great slaughter from the bosque they had then seized, repulsed a determined charge of their Lancers, made with audacity and desperation, and was master of the field.

I had intended Major Duncan's dismounted cavalry and Captain Brotherton's regular infantry to press the enemy's left at the same time Captain Selden attacked their right, and had sent my aide-de-camp, Lieutenant Meinhold, to the major with the order to do so, and it is to be regretted that Major Duncan conceived that his small force justified that if the dismounted cavalry and Brotherton's infantry had vigorously pushed the enemy's left while Captain Selden was successfully forcing their right wing their rout would have been complete.

I now felt secure in crossing the batteries, and having posted them on Captain Selden's right, with the support of Captain Brotherton's and Captains Hubbell's and Mortimore's companies of volunteers, opened fire again on the other parts of the field still held by the enemy. This movement forced the Confederates to change the positions of their guns, and they renewed the artillery combat with activity and spirit, but the superior service of our guns,under the skill and conduct of Captain McRae, again silenced their batteries, and seemed to assure us of victory.

In this manner I continued the combat until 2.30 p. m., when infor-

