
mation reached me that Colonel Canby was arriving with re-enforcements. The commands were fatigued with five hours' constant action, and while waiting the arrival of the commanding colonel the men were permitted to lunch and ordered to replenish their cartridge-boxes. During this time the batteries continued to operate on the enemy whenever he displayed himself until Colonel Canby reached the field, fifteen minutes before 3 o'clock p. m. The heavy bosques in our front were terminated by a drift of sand extending from the high bluff of the Contadero to the river. Behind this drift the enemy, concealed from my observation, rallied all their forces abandoning wagons on the sand hills, tents, and other supplies, including ammunition, with the desperate resolve o storm our batteries. Hiding their design, they formed two strong parties of stormers, that were undiscovered until they fell with great fury on McRae's battery on our left and Lieutenant Hall's 24-pounder howitzers near Major Duncan on our right. Major Duncan's calvary on foot and Captain Brotherton's company of the Fifth Infantry, re-enforced promptly by Colonel Carson's regiment of volunteers and Captain Wingate's battalion of regulars, opened a destructive fire on the charging columns on the right and repulsed them with great slaughter. McRae's battery, thought held with unexampled determination after the loss of every horse and more than half the gunners disabled and killed, was carried, and fell into the enemy's hands. Captain McRae, Third Cavalry, and Lieutenant Mishler, Fifth Infantry, were killed at their pieces, and illustrated a courage and conduct that will render the battle of Valverde memorable among the glories of American arms. It is due to the memories of the dead who served commends them to the praise of the country, to mention them as deserving honor and thanks.

The supporting columns of McRae's battery and the left wing having retired across the river, I ordered the cavalry forces to recross, and they fell back in good order into this post.

It is with a heavy heart I inclose you a list of the killed and wounded of my command, exceeding in the regular one-fifth of all that command in the field-a loss unexampled, it is believed, in any single battle ever fought on this continent.

The officers whose conduct came under my own observation and were distinguished above praise are Captain H. R. Selden, Fifth Infantry; Captain B. Wingate, Fifth Infantry, badly wounded; Captain Mortimore, Third New Mexico Volunteers, three times wounded; Lieutenant I. Mc. Bell, Second New Mexico Volunteers, serving with McRae's battery; Lieutenant Anderson, Fifth Infantry, acting adjutant to Captain Selden's battalion; Lieutenant F. Cook, Fifth Infantry, and Lieutenant R. H. Hall, Tenth Infantry, serving the 24-pounder howitzers. These names are not mentioned to lessen the great praise due to many other officers who served in my command, and who are deserving honor and gratitude. I refer the commanding officer of the department to the reports of battalion commanders for their names, and present them as especially entitled to distinction.

I mention with pleasure Lieuts. Charles Meinhold and William W. Mills, of the Fifth Regiment of Volunteers, who served as my aides on the field, and who executed every duty gallantly, rendering most important and valuable service. Captain James Graydon, with his independent Spy Company, rendered me eminent service by his vigilant watch of the enemy's movements, and great energy, enterprise, and daring during the entire day. Assistant Surgeon Bill, in charge of

