
commenced the forward movement a terrific cannonading and roar of small-arms was heard on our left flank, and immediately a large force of the enemy's calvary came charging down, with the evident intention of seizing Halls' howitzer at the same time of the attack on McRae's battery; but before they could get nearer than 150 yards a deadly discharge of rifles and musketry by my skirmishers, the two companies of infantry. Graydon's Spy Company, and part of Colonel Carson's regiment was poured into their column, causing the enemy to wheel about in full retreat. Just then Lieutenant hall dropped a shell in the midst of them, and so increased the panic which the enemy had just received from our volley of small-arms that he retreated entirely out of sight. At this moment, and when I was hurrying Hall's howitzer forward to place it in an advantageous position about 300 yards in advance, I was informed by an aide-de-camp that McRae's battery had been taken, and was ordered to recross the river without delay. My whole command, including the howitzer and infantry support, was immediately put in motion in the direction of the lower ford and crossed over in perfect order.

It only remains for me to say that during the whole of the day I was nobly supported by all the officers and men under my command.

The conduct of Captains Morris, Howland, Tilford, and Treacy, commanding companies, and Lieutenants Falvey, Texter, Wall, and Ewing, was characterized by the greatest zeal and coolness. The conduct and deportment of the non-commissioned officers and men were equally commendable.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS DUNCAN,

Major, Third U. S. Cavalry, Commanding Regiment.

Acting Second Lieutenant C. MEINHOLD, Third U. S. Cavalry,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHERN MILITARY DISTRICT, Fort Craig, N. Mex., March 5, 1862.

MAJOR: On reading your report I discover that you say on pages 4 and 5:

After this no part of the enemy's force was seen on our right for some time and all remained quiet. Before the arrival of Colonel Canby on the field I had asked for and received authority from Colonel Roberts to move my whole force through the timber on our right whenever I should discover that a general movement was being made against the enemy's right.

If you sent any request of this kind to me I did not receive it; but as i had sent reiterated orders to you to take and hold the bosque on the enemy's left and had used McRae's battery to aid you in that object, your report should be so corrected as [to] show that fact.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,B. S. ROBERTS,

Colonel of Volunteers, Commanding.

Major T. DUNCAN,

Commanding Third U. S. Cavalry, Fort Craig.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD U. S. CAVALRY, Fort Craig, N. Mex., March 7, 1862.

COLONEL: Herewith I have the honor to inclose a copy of my report of the part taken by the troops under my command in the battle of

