
be turned by the operations of ships of the enemy. I supposed that by this time I would have had negroes enough to have fortified my positions sufficiently to have enabled me to spare temporarily and for a short distance 2,000 men. As I have not had the negroes I cannot spare more troops than I have stated, and for them militia ought at once to be substituted.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-I have to request that this communication be laid, through the Secretary of War, before the President.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT PENINSULA,Yorktown, March 2, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

SIR: The telegraph not being at work, I have the honor to state for General magruder, who is in the field, in forwarding to you the above [following] copy of telegram, that he recommends that the (Merrimac) Virginia be stationed a little above Newport news, to prevent the gunboats coming up the swash channel leading into Warwick River and turning the right flank of his line of defense.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY BRYAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

NORFOLK, February 27, 1862.

General J. B. MAGRUDER:

One regiment of infantry landed at Newport yesterday and today six companies of a Massachusetts regiment of light artillery from the Baltimore boat; their horses arrived in transport. I have reliable information that 30,000 men will be landed at Old Point Newport news before the 5th of March. No arrival or departure of importance to-day.

WM. NORRIS.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF PENINSULA,Yorktown, March 3, 1862.

Captain BUCHANAN, C. S. N.,

C. S. Steamer Merrimac, Gosport Navy-Yard, Va.:

CAPTAIN: It is too late to co-operate with my army in any manner below with the Merrimac, even if the roads will admit it, which they will not, for the enemy is very heavily re-enforced both at Newport News and Fort Monroe with infantry and six batteries of light artillery.

It would have been glorious if you could have run into these as they were being landed from a Baltimore boat a commercial transport.

In addition to the above I have been ordered to make such disposition of my troops as will enable me, in case necessity, to send re-en

