
Valverde, corrected in accordance with the suggestion contained in your letter of the 5th instant. You will observe that I have made another slight correction in regard to the time that Captain Treacy's company was first sent into the bosque as skirmishers and also an allusion to Lieutenant Claflin.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS DUNCAN,

Major Third U. S. Cavalry, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel R. S. ROBERTS,

Fifth Regiment New Mexico Volunteers, Commanding District.

[Inclosure.]

HEADQUARTERS THIRD REGIMENT OF CAVALRY, Fort Craig, N. Mex., February 23, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the troops under my right flank opened us with vigor and kept up the fire with an occasional cessation until about 1.30 p. m., when it was either disabled or driven from its position by two or three well-directed shells from Hall's 24-pounder howitzer. Very soon after the enemy's 6-pounder gun had opened its fire a heavy force of his cavalry, soon followed by a piece of artillery, moved down through the timber toward the Mesa del Contadero, with the evident intention of assailing our right flank and resting his left on the river below the ford. Colonel Roberts, who was waiting on the opposite bank of the river to place McRae's battery, which was then approaching, in position, discovered this movement of the enemy through an opening, promptly advised me immediately to my right and below the ford, to drive the enemy back. Company C, Third U. S. Cavalry, under Captain Howland, was immediately dispatched to re-enforce Captain Treacy's company (D), which I had thrown into the bosque as skirmish for several minutes the enemy was driven back, but soon rallied and renewed the assault with vigor, and although several times repulsed, he as often returned.

* * * *

After silencing the gun which had been playing from 9 o'clock in the morning alternately on my command and upon the battery, Lieutenant Hall was sent to the right, with his gun, to dislodge a large party of the enemy reported by Captain Morris, commanding skirmishers in the bosque, to be directly in his front. As soon as Lieutenant Hall could ascertain the exact position of the enemy he commenced shelling it with such precision as to entirely clear the woods in a few minutes.. After this no part of the enemy's force was seen on our right for some time and all remained quiet.

After the arrival of our infantry, and before Colonel Canby had reached the field, I sent several messages to Colonel Roberts, requesting authority to move my whole force through the timber on our right

---------------

*So much of this as is a repetition of the report on p. 497 is omitted.

---------------

