
the request referred to, as I wish to arrest and punish them, whoever they may be, for not conveying your orders.*

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. S. ROBERTS,

Colonel of Volunteers, Commanding.

Major T. DUNCAN,

Commanding Third U. S. Cavalry.

Numbers 4. Reports of Colonel Christopher Carson, First New Mexico Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRD COLUMN TROOPS IN THE FIELD,Near Fort Craig, N. Mex., February 26, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the third column, composed of eight companies of the First Regiment of New Mexico Volunteers, under my command, during the battle of Valverde, on the 21st instant, and prior to the arrival on the field of Colonel E. R. S. Canby, U. S. Army, commanding department:

Pursuant to the order of the department commander my command marched from Fort Craig and arrived on the battle ground about 9 o'clock in the morning, soon after the batteries had opened fire. I remained on the west side of the Rio Grande, gradually moving up the bank of the river as the enemy extended his right in the same direction, until after the arrival of Colonel Canby, commanding, upon the field, when I was ordered to cross the river, which I did at once. My after operations will, as directed, be made to him.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. CARSON,

Colonel First New Mexico Vols., Commanding Third Column.

Colonel B. S. ROBERTS,

Fifth Regiment N. Mex. Vols., Commanding Fort Craig, N. Mex.
HDQRS. THIRD COLUMN TROOPS IN THE FIELD,Camp near Fort Craig, February 26, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the third column, composed of eight companies of the First Regiment New Mexico Volunteers, under my command, during the battle of Valverde, on the 21st, and subsequent to the arrival on the field of Colonel Canby, commanding department, until which time my column had remained on the west side of the river and taken no part in the battle:

About 1 o'clock in the afternoon I received from Colonel Canby the order to cross the river, which I immediately did, after which I was ordered to form my command on the right of our line and to advance as skirmishers toward the hills. After advancing some 400 yards we discovered a large body (some 400 or 500) of the enemy charging diagonally across our front, evidently with the intention of capturing the 24-pounder gun, which, stationed on our right, was advancing and doing much harm to the enemy. As the head of the enemy's column

---------------

*Answer, if any, not found.

---------------

