
came within some 80 yards of my right a volley from the whole column was poured into them, and the firing being kept up caused them to break in every direction and retreat. Almost at the same time a shell from the 24-pounder was thrown among them with fatal effect. they did not attempt to reform, and the column, supported by the gun on the right, was moving forward to sweep the wood near the hills, when I received the order to retreat and recross the river. This movement was executed in good order. The column, after crossing the river, returned to its station near Fort Craig, were it arrived about 7 o'clock in the evening.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. CARSON,

Colonel First N. Mex. Vols., Commanding Third Column.

Captain WILLIAM J. L. NICODEMUS,

A. A. A. G., Hdqrs. Dept. of N. Mex., Fort Craig, N. Mex.

Numbers 5. Report of Miguel E. Pino, Second New Mexico Infantry.
HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT NEW MEXICO, VOLS.,Camp near Fort Craig, N. Mex., February 26, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the department commander, the operations of the column under my command on the 21st February, 1862, in the field, viz:

The column, being stationed on the eastern bank of the river opposite Fort Craig, received orders to cross the river and escort the ammunition train to the field of battle. The column crossed and proceeded with the train to the crossing of the river in rear of the engagement, with the train to the crossing of the river in rear of the engagement, where orders were received to cross and form on the eastern bank. While this movement was being executed we were ordered back to form on the western bank, where we took our position and fired upon the enemy until ordered to return to Fort Craig and occupy our former encampment.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MIGUEL E. PINO,

Colonel Second Regiment New Mexico Volunteers.

Captain NICODEMUS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 6. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Jose M. Valdez, Third New Mexico Infantry.

FORT CRAIG, N. MEX., February 26, 1862.

I have the honor to make the following report of the conduct of the companies under my command of the Third Regiment New Mexico Volunteers during the battle of Valverde, on the 21st instant, against the Confederate troops, according [to] the reports of the commanders of said companies:

