
Captain Pedro Sanchez, Third Regiment New Mexico Volunteers, reports that his company (C) fought gallantly during the battle without making any retreat without orders; that his company, with some other companies, under the direction of the gallant Major Duncan, did commence the attack against the enemy before the battery and troops of Corp. Antonio Chawn, Privates Jesus Archuleeta and Pastor Archuleeta did act on that occasion with such encouragement and valor that they killed some men of the enemy's battery.

Captain Juan A. Sarracino, Third Regiment New Mexico Volunteers, reports that Company G, under his command, acted in the battle in good spirits at all times during the war, and that they did not make any retreat without orders.

Captain Rafael Chacon, First Regiment New Mexico Volunteers, reports that his company did fight well and with valor during the battle, and that when the company was ordered to retreat they were satisfied of having obliged the enemy to retreat in all their charges, and that his company, when retired from camp of battle, was in good and quiet spirits.

Captain Ricardo Branch, Third Regiment New Mexico Volunteers, reports that his company (B) was in the camp of battle acting as well as they could, fighting all the time with valor and activity, and that the company did not make any retreat without orders.

The commander of the company of Captain William Mortimore, Third Regiment New Mexico Volunteers, reports that the following non-commissioned officers and privates, viz, First Sergt. J. W. Lewelling, Sergts. Edward Watters and Trancer Moore; Corps. Biter Terreme, Jose Leyra, S. C. Miller, C. A. Reisden, George Beker, Henry York, Marceline Martinez, and Jose Anartaico Crespin, with others that are killed and missing, fought in the battle the 21st instant gallantly and sustained the battery to the last moment.

I certify in honor that the above is correct and just.

JOSE M. VALDEZ,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Regiment New Mexico Mounted Vols.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Southern Military District, Fort Craig, N. Mex.

Numbers 7. Report of Court of Inquiry on conduct of Captain R. S. C. Lord, First U. S. Cavalry.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NEW MEXICO, Numbers 92. Santa Fe, October 13, 1862.

I. At the request of Captain R. S. C. Lord, U. S. First Cavalry, a Court of Inquiry, consisting of Major Henry C. Wallen, U. S. Seventh Infantry, Surg. Elisha I. Baily, medical director, U. S. Army, and Surg. James M. McNulty, First Infantry, California Volunteers, with Captain Andrew W. Evans, U. S. Sixth Cavalry, was assembled at Santa Fe, on the 2nd of October, 1862, to investigate certain allegations made against the official reputation of the applicant.

The court was ordered to report the essential facts and its opinion in the case, and the following is the result of the investigation:

The court is of the opinion that the statement in the Santa Fe Ga-

