
zette of the battle of Valverde is incorrectly given. The evidence of First Sergeant Walker, of Captain Lord's company, goes to show that the battery was charged by Captain Lord's order, and that he led the charge. The evidence of Lieutenant Meinhold is that Colonel Donaldson was not dressed in uniform, and therefore the soldiers of Captain Lord's command were not bound to recognize his orders. Lieutenant-Colonel Donaldson did not give that order to Captain Lord in person, nor did he see him on the battle-field.

In reference to the second allegation, the court is of the opinion that the orders, as sworn to by Lieutenant Meinhold, may have been given to Captain Lord, but from the fact that they were not heard or understood by the officer on duty with Captain Lord, nor by First Sergeant Walker, who was by his side, they may likewise have been misunderstood or lost by him in the confusion of the battle.

The evidence given by Acting Second Lieutenant Bernard is that Captain Lord's command, while proceeding to join Colonel Donaldson, had lost their guides, and were out of provisions, and that their horses were broken down, and that they were ignorant of the country, and they found themselves under these circumstances between two superior forces of the enemy. The court is of opinion that the evidence places the conduct of Captain Lord in its true light, and exonerates him from all censure on that allegation.

The evidence before the court goes to show that the company did not flee ingloriously from the field, but that it did charge the battery, id cover the men, and form in good order on the opposite side and open fire on the enemy, and all this was in obedience to the orders of Colonel Canby.

The court is of opinion that this investigation should have been granted Captain Lord months since, and that, in denying this opportunity to vindicate his character, much injustice has been done him. The evidence now presented before the court acquits him of all censure or blame for the loss of the battle of Valverde.

The court is further of opinion that no further action should be taken in the case of Captain R. S. C. Lord, First Cavalry, U. S. Army.

II. The proceedings of the court of inquiry are approved. Captain Lord will proceed to join his company in the East.

III. The court of inquiry, of which Major Henry H. Wallen, U. S. Seventh Infantry, is president, is hereby dissolved.

By order of Brigadier-General Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 8. Reports of Brigadier General Henry H. Sibley, C. S. Army, commanding Army of New Mexico, including operations from January - to May 4, 1862.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NEW MEXICO,BATTLE GROUND OF VALVERDE,

February 22, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report to you, for the information of the President, that I encountered the enemy at this point (6 miles above Fort Craig) in force at 11 o'clock yesterday morning, and after one of the most severely-contested actions, lasting until 5 p. m., the

