
enemy was driven from the field with a loss, as estimated, of 4 captains of the Regular Army and some 300 killed and wounded, and the capture of his entire field battery, the disabling of one 24-pounder, and the abandonment of another in the river. We have but few prisoners; among them is Captain William H. Rossell, of the Tenth Infantry.

The enemy had upon the field about 3,500 men, 1,200 of whom were old regulars. We never had more than 1,500 engaged. For the first time, perhaps, on record batteries were charged and taken at the muzzle of double-barreled shot-guns, thus illustrating the spirit, valor, and invincible determination of Texas troops. Nobly have they emulated the fame of their San Jacinto ancestors.

Our loss was severe - 40 killed, including Major S. A. Lockridge, of the Fifth Regiment, and Captain M. Heuvel, of the Fourth. I have no reports of the wounded, but I think 100 will cover it.

Before closing this report it is especially due to Colonel Thomas Green, of the Fifth, to say that, in consequence of severe and prolonged illness and weakness resulting from it, I could only keep my saddle until 1 o'clock, and at that hour I relinquished to him the full direction of active operations. His coolness under the heaviest fire and intrepidity under the most trying circumstances are sufficiently attested by the results. I cannot commend Colonel Green too highly to the favorable consideration of the Executive.

Where so much gallantly was displayed I cannot, before reaching the reports of commanders, particularize individuals.

It will be necessary, to secure our purpose, to re-enforce me largely from Texas at as early a day as possible. The force we had to contend against amounted to near 6,000 men.

I beg leave, in conclusion, to bring to your notice the intelligence and valor of the members of my staff, Major A. M. Jackson, assistant adjutant-general; Major R. T. Brownrigg, commissary of subsistence; Lieutenant Ochiltree, aide-de-camp, and Colonel W. L. Robards, Major Magoffin, and Captain J. Dwyer, volunteer aides.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.

P. S. - Lieutenant Colonel J. S. Sutton, of the Seventh Regiment (Colonel William Steele's), in command of his battalion, and Captain Willis L. Lang, of the Fifth, greatly distinguished themselves, and were both severely wounded; and I should not omit Lieutenant D. M. Bass, of Captain Lang's company, who was also severely wounded in front of the charge leading the Lancers upon the enemy.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE NEW MEXICO,Fort Bliss, Tex., May 4, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report, for the information of the Secretary of War, the operations of this army during the months of February, March, and April, ultimo:

This report is made to cover the whole campaign, for the reason that

