
where supplies of breadstuffs and meat could be procured. The latter course, in a council of war, was adopted.

Depositing our sick at Socorro, 30 miles above Fort Craig, the march was uninterruptedly made to Albuquerque, where, not withstanding the destruction by the enemy of large supplies by fire, ample subsistence was secured. A very considerable quantity of supplies and ammunition was also obtained at Cubero, a temporary post 60 miles west of Albuquerque. Other supplies were also taken at Santa Fe, and upon the whole we had a sufficiency for some three months.

It is due to the Fourth Regiment to mention at this place an action of devotion and self-sacrifice worthy of high praise, and the more commendable because they are Texans.

In the action of Valverde many of their horses were killed, thus leaving them half foot and half mounted. The proposition being made to them to dismount the whole regiment, without a dissenting voice, a cavalry regiment, which had proudly flaunted its banner before the enemy on the 20th, took the line of march on the 24th a strong and reliable regiment of infantry.

Having secured all the available stores in and about Albuquerque and dispatched Major Charles L. Pyron with his command to Santa Fe to secure such as might be found there, I determined to make a strong demonstration on Fort Union.

With this view Colonel William R. Scurry, with the Fourth and the battalion of Colonel Steele's regiment, under Major Powhatan Jordan, was pushed forward in the direction of Gallisteo, while Colonel Green, with his regiment (Fifth), being somewhat crippled in transportation, was held fora few days in hand to check any movement from Fort Craig.

Meanwhile the enemy (having received re-enforcements at Fort Union of 950 men from Pike's Peak, on or about March 12) took the initiative and commenced a rapid march on Santa Fe.

Major Pyron, re-enforced by four companies of the Fifth Regiment, under Major Shropshire, receiving notice of this movement, advanced at once to meet him on the high road between Santa Fe and Fort Union.

On March 26th a sharp skirmish ensued, described in detail by that officer, wherein many acts of daring heroism were enacted. The company of "Brigandes" (independent volunteers), under the command of Captain John Phillips, is said to have done good service. One of their number, Mr. Thomas Cator, was killed and 2 wounded. On this occasion, as on every previous one, this company showed a devotedness to the cause which has elevated them and inspired confidence throughout the army. Colonel Scurry reached the scene of action at daylight next morning, and the next day fought the battle of Glorieta, driving the enemy from the field with great loss.

His report is respectfully referred to for the details of this glorious action. Pending this action I was on my route to Santa Fe, in rear of Green's regiment, which had, meanwhile, been put in march for that place, where, on my arrival, I found the whole exultant army assembled. The sick and wounded had been comfortably quartered and attended; the loss of clothing and transportation had been made up from the enemy's stores and confiscations, and, indeed, everything done which should have been done.

Many friends were found in Santa Fe who had been in durance. Among the rest General William Pelham, who had but recently been released from a dungeon in Fort Union.

After the occupancy of the capital of the Territory for nearly a month from the time of our first advance upon it, the forage and supplies ob-

