
commenced, and for over one hour, by the courage and determination of the men, I was enabled to maintain the position in the unequal struggle, when I was relieved by the Fourth Regiment Texas Mounted Volunteers, under the command of Lieutenant Colonel W. R. Scurry.

For nearly two hours our joint commands held our position against odds of three to one, checking every attempt to outflank us and checking every effort to drive us back. The arrival of Tell's battery of artillery was the first re-enforcement we received, but it was soon followed by Major Lockridge's battalion, of the Fifth Regiment Texas Mounted Volunteers, and about 1 o'clock Colonel Green reached the field and took command.

Late in the afternoon a general charge was made along our line, by which a battery or artillery, consisting of six guns, was taken and their left driven back.

Following rapidly up our success, the enemy were driven back at all points, and the field of Valverde was won.

It is proper to state that all the officers and men of my command behaved in the most gallant manner, and where all were equally brave it would be invidious to particularize. It is sufficient to say that it was a day on which deeds of personal valor were continually occurring.

I cannot consent to close this report without bearing my testimony to the gallant bearing and personal valor of Colonels Green, Scurry, and Sutton, and Majors Ragnet and Lockridge, and others equally courageous.

I have the honor to be, sir, yours, most respectfully,

C. L. PYRON,

Major Second Texas Mounted Rangers.

Major A. M. JACKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of New Mexico.

Numbers 10. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William R. Scurry, Fourth Texas Cavalry.

VALVERDE, N. MEX., February 22, 1862.

MAJOR: Early on the morning of yesterday, while the army was encamped on the east side of the Rio Grande, opposite Fort Craig, I received orders to march with my command, Fourth Regiment texas Mounted Volunteers, and take possession at as early an hour as practicable of some point on the river above Fort Craig at which water might be obtained. By 8 o'clock the regiment took up the line of march, accompanied by Captain George M. Frazier, of Major Pyron's battalion, with his company acting as guide for the command. Supposing that we were the advance of the army, to prevent surprise I ordered Major H. W. Ragnet to take the advance, with four companies and Captain Frazier's company, throwing out at the same time front and flank patrols. In a short time I learned that Major Pyron, with 180 men, was in our advance. Aware of the great vigilance of that active officer, I recalled Major Ragnet and reunited the regiment. A report was received from Major Pyron that the road was clear of the enemy and the river in sight; but in a short time a second message was received, through Captain John Phillips, from the major, informing me that large masses of the

33 R R - VOL IX

