
enemy were in his front and threatening an attack. As his force was but small, I was fearful that he would be overpowered before we could reach him, and accordingly pushed forward, guided by Captain Phillips, as rapidly as our horses could carry us, to his relief, and found him gallantly maintaining a most unequal contest against vastly superior numbers. Dismounting my command, we formed on his right and joined in the conflict. For near two hours we held our position in front of an enemy now known to be near 5,000 strong, while our own forces were not over 700 in number. Immediately upon reaching the field Captain Frazier joined the command to which he belonged, where he did good service during the remainder of the day.

Upon opening fire with the light howitzer battery, under Lieutenant John Riley, it was found to be ineffectual against the heavier metal of the enemy. It was therefore ordered to cease firing and be withdrawn under cover.

At about 1 o'clock Captain Teel, with two guns of his battery, reached the ground. Being placed in position on our right he opened a galling fire upon the left flank of the enemy, whereupon the enemy commenced a furious cannonade upon him from their entire battery, consisting of eight guns. So heavy was their fire that the captain soon found himself with but five men to work the two guns. A bomb officer held his position and continued his firing upon the enemy, himself seizing the rammer and assisting to load the piece.

Seeing his situation, I order Lieutenant Riley, with his command, to join him and assist in the efficient working of the guns. During the balance of the day this brave little band performed the duty assigned them. Judging by the heavy firing on the left that Major Pyron was hard pressed, Captain Tell, with more of his guns, which had just reached the ground, was dispatched to his relief. Major Ragnet, with four companies of the regiment, was ordered to maintain our position there. I remained on the right with the balance of my command and two pieces of Teel's battery, under Lieutenant J. H. McGinnis, to hold in check the enemy, who were moving in large force in that direction to turn our flank. About this time Major Lockridge, of the Fifth Regiment, arrived on the field and reported himself with a portion of that command. He was ordered to join our troops on the left. During all this time the fire of the enemy had been extremely heavy, while, owing to the shorter range of most of our guns, our fire was reserved until they should approach sufficiently near our position to come within range of our arrival of Major Lockridge Colonel Green reached the field and assumed command.

At about 3 o'clock in the afternoon, in extending our line to prevent the enemy from turning our right, I found myself with only two companies, Captain [William P.] Hardeman's and [James M.] Crosson's, opposed to a force numbering some 400 men, the other four companies being several hundred yards to my left. It was there that daring charge was made by Captain Lang, of the Fifth Regiment, with a small body of lancers. But desperate courage was ineffectual against great odds and superior arms, and this company there sustained the greatest loss of life of any company of the brigade. This charge, otherwise unfortunate, had the effect of bringing the enemy within range of our guns, when the two pieces of Captain Teel's battery and the small-arms of Captain Hardeman's and Crosson's companies opened an effective fire upon them, before which they rapidly retreated with considerable

