
loss. Just before sunset Lieutenant Thomas P. Ochiltree, of General Sibley's staff, brought an order to prepare for a charge all along the line.

All prepared for its prompt execution, and when the words "Up boys, and at them!" were given, straight at their battery of six guns supported by columns of infantry and cavalry, some 700 yards in front of our position, went our brave volunteers, unmindful of the driving storm of grape and canister and musket balls sent hurling around them. With yells and ringing shouts they dashed on and on, until the guns were won and the enemy in full retreat before them. After carrying the battery, their guns were turned upon themselves, Captains Hardeman and Walker manning those on the right. Lieutenant Ragnet, of Riley's battery, being on the ground, I placed one gun in his charge, manning it with such of the men as were nearest. The rammer being gone, a flag-staff was used in its stead. Captain Teel coming up, an effective fire was kept up as long as the enemy was in reach. In the mean time a most timely and gallant charge was made by Major Ragnet from our left, thus effecting a favorable charge was made by Major Ragnet from our left, thus effecting a favorable diversion at the moment of our charge upon their battery. This charge by Major Ragnet and his command was characterized by desperate valor.

In the last brilliant and successful charge, which decided the fortunes of the day, there were six companies of the Fourth Regiment Texas Mounted Volunteers, under their respective captains, Hardeman, Crosson, [Charles M.] Lesueur, [W. W.] Foard, [George J.] Shropshire, [J. G.] Killough, and [H. A.] McPhaill, of the Fifth Regiment, and Captain Walker, of Major Pyron's battalion.

The brave and lamented Major Lockridge, of the Fifth Regiment, fell almost at the muzzle of the enemy's guns.

Major Pyron was also in the thickest of the fray, and contributed much by his example to the success of the charge, as did also Lieutenant Ochiltree, of the general's staff.

There were others there whom I now regret my inability to name. Where all, both officers and men, behaved so well it is impossible to say who is the most deserving of praise. The enemy retired across the river, and were in full retreat when Major Ragnet, Captains Shannon, Adair, [W. L.] Alexander, [Charles] Buckholts, and Lieutenant A. S. Thurmond reached the field with their companies, mounted. I asked and obtained permission from Colonel Green to cross the river with these companies to pursue the flying foe.

When the head of the column reached the opposite shore we were ordered to return. Night closed in on the hard-won field of Valverde. This brilliant victory, which, next to Heaven, we owe to the heroic endurance and unfaltering courage of our volunteer soldiers, was not won without loss. Of the regiment which I have the honor to command there were 8 killed and 56 wounded, 2 of which were mortal.

It affords me great pleasure to be able to bear testimony to the calm, cool, and discriminating courage of Colonel Thomas Green during the fight. Major Pyron also deserves great credit for his soldiery bearing from the commencement to the close of the battle. Of the general's staff, Major Jackson was early on the ground, as was also Major Brownrigg, Captain Dwyer, and Lieutenant Ochiltree, actively engaged in the discharge of the duties assigned them. Each of these gentlemen exhibited that high courage which I hope will ever distinguish the officers of the army. To Majors Jackson and Brownrigg I am under obligations for valuable aid in the early part of the action.

It is due to the adjutant of this regiment, Ellsberry R. Lane, that I

