
should not close this report without stating that he has actively and bravely engaged in the discharge of his duties on horseback until his horse failed, when, taking a gun, he entered the ranks of Captain Hampton's company, and did duty as a private during the remainder of the day.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. SCURRY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fourth Regiment Texas Mounted Vols.

A. M. JACKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of New Mexico.

Numbers 11. Report of Major Henry W. Ragnet, Fourth Texas Cavalry.

CAMP VALVERDE, ARMY OF NEW MEXICO,

February 23, 1862.

MAJOR: About sunrise on the 21st instant, while in camp opposite Fort Craig, I was ordered by Lieutenant-Colonel Scurry to take four companies of the Fourth Texas Mounted Volunteers, to which would be added Captain Frazier's company, from Major Pyron's battalion, and march as an advance to the river at the best point for approaching it above the fort, supposed to be about 6 miles distant. After marching about 3 miles I was ordered to half and join Lieutenant-Colonel Scurry, who was approaching with other companies of the regiment and Lieutenant Riley's artillery.

Our course was then changed for a nearer point on the river. After a half-hours' march, while descending a canon, the rapid advance of the head of our column gave notice that we were approaching the enemy, and, emerging into the valley, the firing of skirmishers told that Major Pyron, who had been marching on our left flank, was already engaged with the enemy. A half mile gallop brought us within range of the enemy's artillery, when Lieutenant-Colonel Scurry ordered us to dismount and advance, when we were soon within range of their small-arms, and took position on the right of Major Pyron, behind a low bank, about 9 a. m.

After we had taken this position about half an hour the enemy moved up on our right with the evident intention of flanking us, which at the time would have been fatal, when Lieutenant-Colonel Scurry, dividing the command, assigned that position to me, and moved up to the position occupied by him during the day, and checked their advance.

The troops at this time with me were Major Pyron, with his battalion of 180 men, under Captains Walker, Stafford, and Frazier, and Lieutenants Nicholson and Jett, and four companies of the Fourth Regiment, under Captains [A. J.] Scarborough, Buckholts, Heuvel, and Alexander.

About noon one piece of Captain Teel's battery, under Lieutenant [James] Bradford, was added to my position, which did good service until the heavier metal of the enemy silenced it. Soon after the arrival of this gun Major Lockridge arrived with three companies of the Fifth Regiment Texas Mounted Volunteers, under Captain [John S.[] Shropshire, [G. W.] Campbell, and [Daniel H.] Ragsdale, and Major Pyron, and Lieutenant Bradford's command were withdrawn to the right. Major

