
then too late, however, to participate in that brilliant charge which gave us the victory.

A few moments after reaching the river bank Lieutenant-Colonel Scurry asked permission of Colonel Green to cross and pursue the enemy with some fresh companies that had just come up, which permission being granted, I joined with my command who were present, and as the head of our column gained the opposite shore we were ordered back. Shortly after the arrival of the flag of truce ended the battle of Valverde after sunset.

During the entire day my position on the left was under a constant fire of the enemy's heaviest artillery, and their small-arms, whose longer range enabled them to keep out of our small-arms range. When they threatened an advance and would reach our aim they were repulsed.

The gallant Major Lockridge, of the Fifth, while in command of the left, won the admiration of all who saw him, and whose regrets are now mingled with those of his other friends at his death. The brave Heuvel, of this command, who fell in the charge he had so impatiently waited for, added another to the list of our gallant dead at Valverde.

For the officers and privates whom I had the honor to command on that day I can well say that they have never faltered in their dangerous duty; and for those, less than 200, whom I led to the charge against more than eight times their numbers, together with artillery, the recital of the act is their praise. This charge, though at the cost of nearly one-fifth the men and horses in killed and wounded, succeeded in checking the flank movement of the enemy in time to enable the charge which won the day to be made.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY W. RAGNET,

Major, Fourth Regiment Texas Mounted Volunteers.

A. M. JACKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of New Mexico.

Numbers 12. Report of Colonel Thomas Green, Fifth Texas Cavalry.

CAMP VALVERDE, N. MEX.,

February 22, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor of submitting to you the following report of the battle of Valverde, fought on yesterday a part of the brigade of General Sibley, under my command:

While in the act of turning Fort Craig, on the east side of the Rio Grande, Major Pyron, with 200 men, was sent to reconnoiter, early on the morning of the 21st, the route around the mesa, north of the fort, and secure a footing on the river above. While Major Pyron was approaching the river with his command the enemy appeared in considerable numbers between his command and the river on the north of the mesa, and opened on him, about 8 o'clock, heavy fire of artillery and small-arms. The gallant Pyron, with his brave little force, kept up the unequal contest for an hour or two, until the arrival of Lieutenant-Colonel Scurry with a part of his regiment, and Lieutenant Riley's howitzer battery. Scurry took position on the right of Pyron, and both

