
and Fifth Regiment Texas Mounted Volunteers and parts of Lieutenant-Colonel Sutton's and most of Pyron's battalions, and Teel's, Riley's, and Wood's batteries of artillery, numbering about 750 on the ground. Major Ragnet's cavalry numbered about 250, making about 1,000 men in the charge.

At the command to charge, our men leaped over the sank bank, which had served as a good covering to them, and dashed over the open plain, thinly interspersed with cottonwood trees, upon the battery and infantry of the enemy in front, composed of United States Regulars and Denver City Volunteers, and in a most desperate charge and hand-to-hand conflict completely overwhelmed them, killing most of their gunners around their cannon and driving the infantry into the river. Never were double-barreled shot-guns and rifles used to better effect. A large number of the enemy were killed in the river with shot-guns and six-shooters in their flight.

While we were occupied with the enemy in front Major Ragnet made a gallant and most timely charge upon the infantry and cavalry of the enemy on our left flank. This charge was made against ten times the number of Ragnet's force, and although we suffered severely and were compelled to fall back, he effected the object of his mission, and occupied the attention of our powerful enemy on the left, while our dismounted men were advancing upon those in front and running them into the river.

So soon as the enemy had fled in disorder from our terrible fire in front we turned upon his infantry and cavalry and 24-pounders on our left flank, just engaged by Major Ragnet. We charged them as we had those in front, but they were not made of as good stuff as the regulars, and a few fires upon them with their own artillery and Teel's guns, a few volleys of small-arms, and the old Texas war-shout completely dispersed them. They fled from the field, both cavalry and infantry, in the utmost disorder, many of them dropping their guns to lighten their heels, and stopping only under the walls of the fort. Our victory was complete. The enemy must have been 3,000 strong, while our force actually engaged did not exceed 600. Six splendid pieces of artillery and their entire equipage fell into our hands; also many fine small-arms.

This splendid victory was not achieved without severe loss to us.

Major Lockridge, of the Fifth, fell at the mouth of the enemy's guns, gallantly leading our brave troops to the assault.

Lieutenant-Colonel Sutton, of the Seventh, fell mortally wounded at the head of his battalion while assaulting the enemy's battery.

Several of our officers were desperately wounded; some of them no doubt mortally. Among them are the gallant Captain Lang, of the Lancers, and Lieutenant Bass, both of Company B, and Lieutenant D. A. Hubbard, of Company A, Fifth Regiment.

Captain Heuvel, of the Fourth, fell in the gallant cavalry charge of Major Ragnet. He was one of the most distinguished of the heroes of the day. Like the gallant Lang, of the Fifth, he could not appreciate odds in a battle.

I cannot say enough in a praise of the gallantry of our surviving officers and men. It would be invidious to mention names. Were I to do so, the rolls of captains, lieutenants, and men would have to be here inserted. I will only mention the principal field and staff in the engagement. The cheering voice of Lieutenant-Colonel McNeill, and the gallant Major Pyron, who has been before mentioned, displayed the most undaunted courage. Major Ragnet, of the Fourth, though

