
wounded, remained at his post, and retired not until the field was won. These were the field officers present, as I have just stated. The captains, lieutenants, and men in the action displayed so much gallantry that it would be invidious to make distinctions. They fought with equal valor and are entitled to equal credit with the field and staff here mentioned.

I will not close this report without a just meed of praise to the general staff, who served me as aides-de-camp during the day. Colonel W. L. Robards was in the dashing charge of the gallant Lang, and wounded in several places.

Captain Tom P. Ochiltree, aide-de-camp to General Sibley, was exceedingly useful to me on the field and active during the whole engagement. He assisted me in the most critical moment to cheer our men to the assault. He deserves the highest praise for his undaunted chivalry and coolness, and I recommend him to the general for promotion.

Captain Dwyer was also very useful, gallant, and active during the whole action.

I cannot close without the mention of Captain Frazier, of the Arizona Volunteers. To him, more than all others, were are indebted for the successful turning of Fort Craig. He led us over the high ground around the mesa to the east of the fort, where we at all times had the advantage of the enemy in case he had attacked us in the act of turning the fort.

I will not personalize further by the mention of my own regimental staff.

Sergt. Major C. B. Sheppard shouldered his gun and fought gallantly in the ranks of Captain McPhaill's company in the charge. Lieutenant Joseph D. Sayers, adjutant of the Fifth, during the whole day, reminded me of a hero of the days of chivalry. He is a gallant, daring, and dashing soldier, and is as cool in a storm of grape, shell, canister, and musketry as a veteran. I recommend him, through the general, to the President for promotion.

Our killed and wounded are as follows:

 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.

2nd Regiment Texas Mounted	 4	 17	 1

Volunteers, Major Pyron's

command.

4th Regiment Texas Mounted	 8	 36	 ...

Volunteers, Lieutenant-

Colonel Scurry's command.

5th Texas Mounted Volunteers,	 20	 67	 ...

Colonel Green's regiment.

7th Regiment Texas Mounted	 2	 26	 ...

Volunteers, Lieutenant-

Colonel Sutton's command.

Teel's battery.	 2	 4	 ...

Total.	 36	 150	 1

Since which time Lieutenant-Colonel Sutton, of the Seventh, and 2 privates of the Fifth, and 2 of Teel's battery, have died from wounds, received in battle.

The enemy's loss was far greater than ours. The precise under cannot be ascertained by us, as many were killed in the river, and as the enemy's white flag, asking permission to gather up their dead and wounded, came almost before the sound of the last cannon had ceased to reverberate in the hills. It is confidently asserted and believed by many of our officers and men that the enemy, under the flag of truce, picked up many small-arms and carried them off with the dead-wagons;

