
that they also carried off their two 24-pounder howitzers which were left by them in the river. It is certain that during the cessation of hostilities they picked up a company flag and guidon of my regiment, left on the field during our charge, while they were gathering up their wounded and dead; and it is said these are considered by them as trophies. I do not believe that the commanding officer of the enemy is aware of these facts, as he would not have spoken of stolen flags as trophies.

I think, from the best information in my possession, that the enemy's loss must have been in killed and wounded at least 350 or 400. Among their killed were several gallant officers. The gallant McRae fell at his guns. Several other captains and lieutenants were killed. Captain Rossell, of the Tenth U. S. Infantry, and several privates of the Fifth and Tenth Infantry and Denver City Volunteers, were taken prisoners.

Respectfully submitted.

THOMAS GREEN,

Colonel Fifth Regiment Texas Mounted Volunteers.

Major A. M. JACKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of New Mexico.

Numbers 13. Report of Colonel William Steele, Seventh Texas Cavalry.

CAMP NEAR FILLMORE, N. MEX.,

March 1, 1862.

GENERAL: I have received a verbal express from General Sibley, the numerous parties of Mexicans in the employ of the enemy rendering it dangerous to write. Our forces turned the enemy's position by crossing the river to the east side, which drew him out of his intrenchments, and an engagement ensued just above Fort Craig, which commenced about 9 o'clock on the morning of February 21, and lasted, with little intermission until near sunset, when the enemy was driven in confusion from the field. We captured seven pieces of artillery and a considerable number of small-arms were picked up. Much of the Mexican portion of the enemy fled to the hills. The regulars and Pike's Peak Volunteers returned to the fort. Our forces were encamped on the field when my informants left. Our loss is stated at 38 killed and 106 wounded. Major Lockridge is recollected as one of the killed. General Sibley had been sick some days previous to the action, and the command devolved upon Colonel Thomas Green, who was in command most of the day, General Sibley being unable to remain long upon the field.

This account agrees with the information I had a few days previous as to the contemplated movement. I received this intelligence the day after the stage left for San Antonio and have delayed writing, hoping to get some more particulars, but as yet have none.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Colonel Seventh Texas Mounted Regiment.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant-General.

