
Numbers 14. Report of Captain Powhatan Jordan, Seventh Texas Cavalry.

IN CAMP NEAR SOCORRO, N. MEX.,

February 27, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the First Battalion of the Seventh Regiment Texas Mounted Volunteers in the battle of Valverde, N. Mex., on February 21. The First Battalion of the Seventh Regiment, under command of Lieutenant Colonel J. S. Sutton, with Companies C and H of the Fifth Regiment, were detailed as a guard for the transportation on the morning of the 21st. Before the train had gotten fairly out of camp we were apprised of the fight having commenced at Valverde Crossing of the Rio Grande by hearing the sullen roar of cannon. The train being in danger of attack, we were kept in position as the guard, and all thought for a time the Seventh would have no share in the conflict; but in about two hours after the commencement of the battle an officer appeared with the order for us to move on to the battle-field. Colonel Sutton detached from his command Companies A and F,. of the Seventh, and Company C, of the Fifth, to remain, and then gave the order to forward, when the remainder of his command, consisting of Companies B, F, and I, of the Seventh, and F, of the Fifth, moved on to the scene of action. We went at a gallop, and were met on the field by Major Lockridge, who ordered us to take position on the left. We were here held for an hour or more, running the gauntlet by countermarch under a most galling and destructive fire from their batteries.

While in this position we lost 2 men and some 3 horses killed. The battle having now continued several hours, the charge was ordered, and the Seventh was most gallantly led in the charge by Lieutenant-Colonel Sutton, who fell mortally wounded when within 20 paces of the enemy's battery. The battle was now soon ended, and victory was ours, though purchased by the Seventh with the detach of the heroic Sutton. The Seventh did its duty bravely, nobly, all acting gallantly.

To make mention of individuals would be unjust. They all shared equally the dangers of the field, and all deserve equal praise. To Captain Redden S. Pridgen and his company (H, of the Fifth), who acted with our command, we must give great credit for their coolness and gallantry, and wish himself and company to share with us whatever credit may fall to our command.

Accompanying is the list* of killed and wounded, together with the horses killed in the battle, as furnished me by captains of companies.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

POWHATAN JORDAN,

Captain, Commanding First Battalion,

Seventh Regiment Texas Mounted Volunteers, Army of N. Mex.

General H. H. SIBLEY, C. S. Army.

Numbers 15. Report of Captain Trevanion T. Teel, Texas Light Artillery.

CAMP LOCKRIDGE, N. MEX., February 27, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report to the general commanding the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

