
and 6 wounded; 25 horses killed and wounded, one gun partially disabled, and eight sets of harness rendered unserviceable.

I refer with great pleasure to the gallant conduct of Lieutenants Bennett, McGinnis, and Bradford, of my company, as well as Lieutenants Riley, Woods, Ragnet, and Falcrod, of the batteries of howitzers; also of the non-commissioned officers and privates of the all the batteries.

I cannot close my report without baring testimony to the bravery and coolness of the officers under whom I acted during this sanguinary and well-contested battle. Colonel Green, and especially Lieutenant-Colonel Scurry, who so promptly manned my guns from his regiment (the First), and who was present with my guns under the heavy fire in the morning, and whose voice was heard above the din of battle and smoke, and flame, and death, encouraging the men to stand by their posts. Also the lamented Lockridge; Major Jackson, assistant adjutant-general; Major Brownrigg, brigade commissary; Lieutenant-Colonel McNeill and Lieutenant Ochiltree, aide-de-camp, who were rallying the men to the charge and were in the line leading on the troops; also Captain Dwyer, of the staff, Colonel Robards, and Major Ragnet. Also the deep obligation I am under to Lieutenant-Colonel Scurry, and Captain Scarborough and his company, who hauled out a disabled piece by hand under a hot fire; to Captains Campbell, McPhaill, and Killough, and their respective companies, for the promptness and willingness with which they replaced the killed and wounded at my guns, many of their comrades having been killed and wounded while aiding in manning the battery during the action.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. T. TEEL,

Captain, Artillery.

Major A. M. JACKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, C. S. Army.

FEBRUARY 22, 1862.- Engagement in Aransas Bay, Tex.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Colonel H. E. McCulloch, C. S. Army, commanding Western Military District.

Numbers 2.- Captain B. F. Neal, C. S. Army, commanding.

Numbers 1. Letter of Colonel H. E. McCulloch, C. S. Army, commanding Western Military District.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN MILITARY DISTRICT,San Antonio, Tex., February 27, 1862.

SIR: I inclose a report from Captain B. F. Neal, commanding at Aransas.

Major Yager, with his two cavalry companies, are there before this time. I sent the ammunition required by Captain Neal with Major Yager's cavalry when they went down. This re-enforcement and ammunition will be sufficient, I hope, to enable them to defend that section until better can be done.

