
I regret that the 18-pounders sent from Galveston have been delayed.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. E. McCULLOCH,

Colonel, Commanding Western Military District.

Major SAMUEL BOYER DAVIS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain B. F. Neal, C. S. Army, commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP ARANSAS, TEX.,February 22, 1862-9 p. m.

COLONEL: I have just returned to camp this moment, and hasten to communicate to you the movements of the enemy this evening. At 3.30 o'clock this evening the enemy appeared within 3 miles of our camp with two launches, captured a sloop boat bound for Corpus Christi, and took from her a lot of medicines and other articles for the Government - I presume this command. Two or three of my men were oystering and gave the alarm. I immediately ordered out my command, got aboard all the boats I could raise, and went in pursuit. We overtook one of the lunches in Aransas Bay and engaged them. The wind was ahead, consequently we were prevented from capturing them, as they could out-travel us with their horses. They returned our fire, but none of our men were injured. We drove them within range of their guns. Night coming on, we retired.

I do not know what effect our Minie rifles had upon them, but I presume some one must have been hurt.

We should have re-enforcements and powder. I made a requisition, through Major Yager, when at San Antonio, for ammunition, but it has not arrived yet. All we want is powder for our two pieces of ordnance - 6 pounders.

The enemy is becoming quite bold and daring, and will destroy the commerce of these bays unless checked in their buccaneering. I shall do all I can to annoy them and keep them back until we are better prepared. They have the advantage of us, possessing better boats and being more accustomed to them than we are.

Excuse this hastily-written letter. I shall give further particulars of our skirmish this evening.

Yours, respectfully,

BENJ. F. NEAL,

Captain, Commanding Troops near Shell Bank.

Colonel H. E. McCULLOCH,

Commanding Western Military District, Department of Texas.

MARCH 2-4, 1862.- Evacuation of Albuquerque and Santa Fe, N. Mex., by Union forces.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Major James L. Donaldson, Quartermaster, U. S. Army, commanding District of Santa Fe, N. Mex.

Numbers 2.- Captain Herbert M. Enos, Assistant Quartermaster, U. S. Army.

