
Numbers 1. Report of Major James L. Donaldson, Quartermaster, U. S. Army, commanding District of Santa Fe, N. Mex.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Union, N. Mex., March 10, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in consequence of the near approach of the enemy, and his not having troops to defend the place, Captain Enos, assistant quartermaster, abandoned Albuquerque stores, started it to Santa Fe, and destroyed the rest. His report is herewith inclosed. On the 4th instant I deemed it necessary to pursue the same course, as Santa Fe, was not defensible, being commanded on all sides by hills, and the safety of the train, composed of 120 wagons, loaded with the most valuable stores in the department, required a strong escort. Its value could not have been less than a quarter of a million of dollars, and its safety was a matter of paramount importance. I am glad to say that it has arrived under the guns of Fort Union, and that the enemy has gained nothing of importance along the line. The force I brought from Santa Fe consists of Captain Lewis' company, Fifth Infantry; Captain Ford's company, Colorado Volunteers; Lieutenant Banks' company (E), Third Cavalry, and two mounted howitzers, under Lieutenant C. J. Walker, Second Cavalry. Some volunteers also accompanied me, under Lieutenant Colonel Manuel Chavez, but all of them except the lieutenant-colonel and some officers deserted on the march. I beg to call your attention to Captain W. H. Lewis, Fifth Infantry, whose efficiency was of great service to me in evacuating the town and in conducting the train to Union.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. DONALDSON,

Major, Commanding District Santa Fe.

Colonel G. R. PAUL, Commanding Fort Union.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain Herbert M. Enos, Assistant Quartermaster, U. S. Army.

ASSISTANT QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE,

Fort Union, N. Mex., March 11, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following statement relating to the abandonment and destruction of the public property under my charge at Albuquerque, N. Mex.:

On the afternoon of the 1st instant I received reliable information that a body of Texans, about 400 strong, supposed to be the advance guard of the enemy, had reached the town of Belen, 35 miles below Albuquerque. Upon this intelligence I ordered that every preparation be made for destroying the public stores, both quartermaster's and subsistence, which could not be carried off. At about 6 p. m. one of my express riders came in and reported that a party of about 50 had reached the town of Los Lunas and captured a citizen train, carrying public stores. I had in the mean time loaded what ammunition and ordnance stores the ordnance agent, Mr. Bronson, deemed im-

