
portant to secure, and started them on the road to Santa Fe. I had all the teams that were left, some eight or nine, harnessed and ready for moving at a moment's warning, for the purpose of carrying the baggage of some militia and volunteer companies and 12 regular soldiers. The latter were my only dependence, and I had assumed command of them.

The night passed without the appearance of the enemy, but believing that he would soon be upon me, and not hearing of any troops being on the way from Santa Fe to hold the town, I gave the order to fire the property at about 6.30 on the morning of the 2nd instant. The destruction would have been complete had it not been for the great rush of Mexican men, women, and children, who had been up the whole night, waiting anxiously for an opportunity to gratify their insatiable desire for plunder. The only property that was not burned consisted of molasses, vinegar, soap, and candles in the subsistence department, and a few saddles, carpenter's tools, and office furniture in the quartermaster's department. Most of these articles were carried off by the Mexicans. The destruction of the stores involved the destruction of the buildings containing them, as it would have been impossible with the force and the short time at my disposal to have removed the property from the buildings in order that it might then be burned. Had I attempted to carry out this plan I am of opinion that the native population would have overpowered me and saved the property for the enemy.

The last wagons, five in number, which left the town were escorted by Mexican volunteers and militia. While in camp near the puebla of Sandilla the train was attacked by deserters from the militia and volunteers, when the escort was thrown in confusion, and the robbers succeeded in carrying off three wagons, with a portion of the mules. Much credit is due to Wagon-master Reilley for getting away with the remainder.

Six wagons and teams which had been sent to the mountains for fuel on the morning of the 1st inst., and afterwards ordered to move by the way of Gallisteo to Santa Fe, are missing, and I have been informed that they were attacked by Mexican robbers and the train carried off.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. ENOS,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

Major JAMES L. DONALDSON,

Quartermaster, U. S. A., Commanding East. Dist. N. Mex., Fort Union.

MARCH 3, 1862.- Capture of Cubero, N. Mex.

Report of Captain A. S. Thurmond, Third Regiment, Sibley's Brigade.

CUBERO, N. MEX., March 19, 1862.

SIR: In making an official report of my entry into this place, &amp;c., I will furnish a transcript of the notes handed me by men whom I have myself found to be sound.

NOTE 1.- At 9 a. m. March 3, Dr. F. E. Kavenaugh, in command of three Americans, demanded of Captain Francisco Aragon, U. S. Army, commanding military post of Cubero, the surrender to him for the Confederate States of himself and command, consisting of Dr. Boyd, surgeon of post, 42 New Mexican soldiers, and 3 Americans, one of whom was

