
Sergeant Wahl, bugler, U. S. Army, together with the post, and all stores, arms, ammunition, and property, of whatsoever description, belonging thereto. Captain Aragon was allowed ten minutes to decide whether he would peaceably comply with the demand or resist. At the expiration of the time, he not having returned an answer, one of Kavenaugh's party was sent to receive the arms, which were formally demanded. The following correspondence will show the formal surrender of the post to Dr. Kavenaugh and his regiment, to hold the same in the name of the Confederate States of America, which said correspondence I herewith inclose.*

The amount of property turned over will be accurately shown by the quartermaster's invoices, which show a large and valuable lot of quartermaster's, commissary, and ordnance stores. The surgery is also well supplied with valuable medicines, &amp;c. There was not less than 60 arms and 3,000 rounds of ammunition turned over. Captain Aragon and company were furnished with arms and transportation sufficient to take and protect them to Albuquerque upon promise to deliver the Government property furnished them to the Confederate States Army officer commanding there.

Upon taking command of the post Dr. Kavenaugh dispatched Mr. Richmond Gillespie, one of his party, to take information to Albuquerque of the surrender of the post, and to procure assistance in holding it. This trip was performed by Mr. Gillespie greatly to his credit, he having voluntarily risked his life a second time in passing without protection through a most dangerous portion of hostile Indian country to a post where he was not certain but what he might fall into the hands of the enemy. The successful execution of this hazardous trip brought to the protection of the post Captain A. S. Thurmond, C. S. Army, with 25 men of his command; arrived at Cubero on March 5, at 2 p. m.

Next day the command was turned over to him by Dr. Kavenaugh.

George Gardenhier, one of Dr. Kavenaugh's party, has rendered most valuable services as assistant quartermaster and commissary, working incessantly in saving and protecting property belong to those defenses.

Mr. R. T. Thompson has, not only at the capture of the post, but always, been truly Southern, being a Virginian by birth, and certainly his services were most efficient in carrying out the duties of adjutant, treating the enemy always with much leniency, but with the sternness and decision of a true Southern gentleman.

In conversing with both friends and enemies I have found the above to be substantially true; yea, more than true, for such an act of bravery, under the circumstances, could not be expected from the number of men. Dr. Kavenaugh and Messrs. Thompson, Gilllespie, and Gardenhier constituted the whole reliable force on the side of the Confederate States, and they, too, men who had been persecuted by the Federal Government. They were not only suspected but were known to be friends of the Confederate States, consequently there was but one game to play, and they did play it with profit to the Confederate States and great credit to themselves. The game would be in other countries called bluff, though it was not intended so by them, although it had that effect.

---------------

*Omitted as unimportant.

---------------

34 R R - VOL IX

