
Dr. Boyd is also among us, a gentlemen of high medical attainments, and is at this time doing us valuable service, as I have quite a number of cases of pleurisy in my company.

This at Cubero, March 20.

A. S. THURMOND,

Commanding Co. A, Third Regiment, Sibley's Brigadier, Army of N. Mex.

To the OFFICER COMMANDING C. S. FORCES,

Albuquerque, N. Mex.

MARCH 26, 1862.- Skirmish at Apache Canon, N. Mex.

REPORTS.*

Numbers 1.- Major John M. Chivington, First Colorado Infantry.

Numbers 2.- Captain Charles J. Walker, Second U. S. Cavalry, including engagement at Glorieta, March 28.

Numbers 1. Report of Major John M. Chivington, First Colorado Infantry.

CAMP LEWIS, NEAR PECOS CHURCH, N. MEX.,

March 26, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit to you the following report of the troops under my command on the 26th of March, 1862, at the battle of Apache Canon:

The force consisted as follows: Company A, 60 men, Captain Wynkoop; Company E, 60 men, Captain Anthony, and 60 men of Company D, Captain Downing, of the First Regiment Colorado Infantry Volunteers, and 28 men of Company C, 6 men of Company D, 6 men of Company -, 10 men of Company K, Third Cavalry, under Captain Howland and Lieutenants Wall and Falvey; 50 men of Company E, Third Cavalry, commanded by Captain Walker and Lieutenant Banks; 50 men of Companies D and G, First Cavalry, under Captain Lord and Lieutenant Bernard (all of the U. S. Army), and 88 men of Company F, First Regiment Cavalry Colorado Volunteers, under Captain Cook and Lieutenants Nelson and Marshall; making the total force on our side 418 men. We marched from Bernal Springs for Santa Fe at 3 o'clock p. m. of the 25th instant, intending to surprise the enemy in small force at that place. After march of 35 miles, and learning we were in the vicinity of the enemy's pickets, we halted about midnight, and at 2 o'clock a. m. on the 26th Lieutenant Nelson, with 20 men, was sent out to surprise their pickets, which they did, and captured them at 10 o'clock a. m. The detachment again moved forward, and just as we entered the canon (Apache) discovered the advance guard of the foe and captured two lieutenants. In a few minutes they planted their battery and began to throw grape and shell among us. In double-quick Companies A and E, First Colorado volunteers, were deployed as skirmishers to the left and on the mountain side, and Company D, First Colorado Volunteers, was deployed as skirmishers to the right on the mountain side, and an order was given that the cavalry be held

---------------

*This skirmish is also mentioned in Slough's and Scurry's reports of engagement, March 28, at Glorieta, N. Mex.

---------------

