
entire force, infantry and cavalry, advanced about 600 or 800 yards farther on the road. At this point my company was ordered to dismount and assist Captain Wynkoop's company of Colorado Volunteers in clearing the hills to the left and front of our position. Some little skirmishing occurred after this at long range, but the enemy fell back so rapidly that we scarcely got sight of them.

By this time the firing had ceased at every point of the field and the troops were recalled to the road, where my company remained until about 9.30 o'clock that night, when I retired to Pigeon's Ranch and rejoined Colonel Chivington. Next morning we marched to old Pecos Church, at which place Colonel Slough untied all of the forces. On the following morning (March 28) the entire command, my company in advance, moved to Pigeon's Ranch, where we halted about an hour and a half, after which we started on. We had not, however, proceeded more than 600 or 700 yards before we discovered the enemy in force immediately in front of us. They, as on the 26th, had their artillery (three pieces) in the road, ready to receive us. As soon as I our left, and dismounted my company and commenced skirmishing on foot. About this time Captain Ritter's battery arrived, and, supported by the infantry, took position in the road on my right. As soon as he opened on the enemy's guns my company was ordered to mount and follow the colonel commanding. I followed Colonel Slough, in obedience to this order, for a half of three-quarters of an hour, by which time the action had become general. I was then ordered to occupy the high ridge running obliquely back from the road and on the right of Pigeon's house. I did so, and held that position during the remainder of the day, or at least until our forces had retired from the field. While in this position we at several times during the day had some skirmishing with the enemy in small parties. The company, though under fire a great part of the day, accomplished nothing that I remember of special importance, though they did all that the position assigned them required. The officer (Lieutenant Sidney Banks) and men behaved handsomely whenever brought under the enemy's fire, and gave every evidence of a willingness and determination to do any duty that might be required of them. The strength of the company (E, Third U. S. Cavalry) during these two actions was one officer (Lieutenant Sidney Banks, Third Cavalry) besides myself and about 40 or 45 enlisted men.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. J. WALKER,

Second Cavalry, Commanding Company E, Third Cavalry.

Lieutenant N. M. MACRAE,

Fourth New Mexico Volunteers, Act. Asst. Adjt. General

MARCH 28, 1862.- Engagement of Glorieta, or Pigeon's Ranch, N. Mex.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Colonel John P. Slough, First Colorado Infantry.

Numbers 2.- Lieutenant Colonel Samuel F. Tappan, First Colorado Infantry.

Numbers 3.- Major John M. Chivington, First Colorado Infantry.

Numbers 4.- Captain John F. Ritter, Fifteenth U. S. Infantry, commanding light battery.

Numbers 5.- Brigadier General Henry H. Sibley, C. S. Army.

Numbers 6.- Colonel William R. Scurry, Fourth Texas Cavalry.

