HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DIVISION, U. S. FORCES,San Jose, N. Mex., March 30, 1862.

SIR: As the department commander is at Fort Craig, beyond the lines of the enemy, I have the honor to submit direct a synopsis of the military operations of the division since its organization at Fort Union. When an opportunity occurs a complete report will be submitted through the proper channels.

After the arrival of the First Regiment Colorado Volunteers at Fort Union I found that Colonel Paul, Fourth Regiment New Mexico Volunteers, had completed the preliminary arrangements for throwing a column of troops into the field, and by seniority of volunteer commission I claimed the command. Accordingly the following division was organized and I assumed the command of the whole: First Colorado Volunteers, aggregate 916; Captain Lewis' battalion Fifth Infantry and Captain Ford's company volunteers (Fourth New Mexico), three companies, 191; Captain Howland's cavalry detachment of First and Third Cavalry and Company E, Third Cavalry, 150; Captain Ritter's battery, four guns, 53; Lieutenant Claflin's battery, four small howitzers, 32. Total, 1,342.

The movement commenced from Fort Union of Saturday, the 22nd March, and the command encamped at Bernal Springs, 45 miles from Union, on Thursday, the 25th instant. On Wednesday, the 26th instant, a command of 200 cavalry and 180 infantry, under Major Chivington, was advanced toward Santa Fe, with a view of capturing or defeating a force of the enemy reported to be stationed there. The enemy in force was engaged near Johnson's Ranch, Apache Canon, about 15 miles on this side of Santa Fe. The result was victorious to our forces. The enemy was defeated, with some 20 to 25 killed, more wounded, and about 70 prisoners, who fell into our hands. Our loss was small - 3 men killed in battle, 2 since died, and some 8 other wounded. Among the wounded is Captain Cook, Colorado Volunteers, badly. I regret to report that Lieutenant Marshall, Colorado Volunteers, accidentally shot himself while breaking a loaded musket which he held in his hand by the muzzle. Having accomplished this, Major Chivington's command took position on the Pecos, at Kozlowski's Ranch, 27 miles from Santa Fe.

About noon on the 27th I left Camp Paul, at Bernal Springs, and about 2 o'clock next morning I had posted my entire force at Kozlowski's. On the 28th a movement was made upon the enemy in two columns, with a view of reconnoitering his position at Johnson's Ranch. Fort this purpose an infantry force of regulars and volunteers, under Major Chivington, was directed to move off on the Gallisteo road, attain the principal heights upon the side of Apache Canon, and occupy them, while the main body, under my command, moved directly into the canon. It was known before this movement was made that the enemy had been strongly re-enforced, and his estimated strength was from 1,200 to 1,400.

At 9 o'clock we left our encampment, and at 10.30 a. m. we arrived at Pigeon's Ranch, 5 miles distant, the command under Major Chivington having flanked off at a point about 2 miles beyond Kozlowski's. We had just reached Pigeon's when I directed Captain Chapin, Seventh Infantry, adjutant-general, to proceed forward with the cavalry and reconnoiter the position of the enemy. He had proceeded but about 300 yards when our pickets were driven in, and the enemy opened a fire of grape and shell from a battery carefully placed in position upon the hill-side above. The batteries were brought forward and the infantry thrown out upon the flanks. The cavalry, with an addition of infantry,

