
supported the batteries, and the firing became general. The battle continued over five hours. The fighting was all done in thick covers of cedars, and having met the enemy where he was not expected the action was defensive from its beginning to its end. Major Chivington's command continued on toward Johnson's, where some 200 or the enemy were posted, and fell upon the enemy's train of 60 wagons, capturing and destroying it and capturing and destroying one 6-pounder gun, and taking 2 officers and about 15 men prisoners. The loss of this train was a most serious disaster to the enemy, destroying his baggage and ammunition, and depriving him of provisions, of which he was short. Much praise is due to the officers and men of Major Chivington's command.

About 5 o'clock p. m. a flag of truce came from the enemy, and measures were taken by both forces to gather up the dead and take care of the wounded. Our loss is not great. We have 1 officer (Lieutenant Baker, Colorado Volunteers) killed and 2 (Lieutenants McGrath, U. S. Army, and Lieutenant Chambers, Colorado Volunteers) wounded; 28 men killed and 40 wounded. We lost some 15 prisoners. the loss of the enemy is great. His killed amount to at least 100, his wounded at least 150, and 1 captain and several men prisoners. He is still burying his dead. It is claimed in the battles of the 26th and 28th together that we damaged the enemy at least 350 killed, wounded, and prisoners, and have destroyed their entire train and three pieces of artillery - one by Major Chivington and two by our batteries. We have killed 5 of their officers - 2 majors, 1 captain, and 2 lieutenants - and have captured 5 more - 2 captains and 3 lieutenants. This has been done with the purpose of annoying and harassing the enemy and under orders from Colonel Canby, commanding department. But as the instructions from him are to protect Fort Union at all hazards and leave nothing to chance, and as the numbers and position of the enemy in a mountain canon are too strong to make a battle with my force, I shall now occupy a position to protect Fort Union and at the same time harass and damage the enemy.

Officers and men, regulars and volunteers, all acquitted themselves handsomely during bothy engagements. It is especially proper that praise should be accorded Captain Ritter and Lieutenant Claflin, U. S. Army, for the efficient manner in which they handled their batteries during the battle of the 28th instant.

I desire to notice the members of my staff for the efficient manner in which they assisted me in the battle of Pigeon's Ranch, and especially Captain Chapin, U. S. Army, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenants Bonesteel and Cobb, of the Colorado Volunteers, and Mr. J. Howe Watts, volunteer aide, upon all of whom fell the heavier portion of dangerous duty during the battle, and whose intelligent, courageous, and prompt action contributed much towards the result attained.

In conclusion, I would add that to Captain Chapin, whose connection with me was the most intimate, and upon whom fell the burden of duty, I owe and return especial thanks.

I have the honor to be, with much respect, your obedient servant,

JNO P. SLOUGH,

Colonel First Regiment Colorado Volunteers, Commanding.

The ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington City, D. C.

