
Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Samuel F. Tappan, First Colorado Infantry.

SANTA FE, N. MEX., May 21, 1862.

In compliance with orders just received from department headquarters I have the honor herewith to submit report of engagement at Glorieta, or Pigeon's Ranch, on the 28th March last, between the forces of the enemy, under Colonel Scurry, and Colonel Slough's column of Colorado Volunteers, Howland's cavalry, Ritter's and Claflin's batteries, of four guns each.

On the morning of the day last mentioned I was assigned to the immediate command of a battalion of infantry, consisting of Companies C, Captain Sopris; D, Captain Downing; G, Captain Wilder, I, Captain Maile, and K, Captain Robbins, First Colorado Volunteers. A battery of four guns - two 12-pounder mountain howitzers, Lieutenant Claflin, U. S. Regular Army, were attached to my command. We marched out of camp near the Old Pecos Church, Howland's cavalry in advance, and proceeded about 5 miles down the road toward Santa Fe to Glorieta, situated in a deep, narrow, and thickly-wounded canon. while my command was at a rest information of the immediate presence of the enemy was brought by some pickets falling back on Captain Howland's advance. They reported the enemy in position in the timber about 800 yards in advance. My command was immediately formed, and in obedience to the orders of Colonel Slough I advanced half that distance at a double-quick, where the batteries were stationed on a slight elevation in and to the left of the road. Company D deployed to the left and Company I to the right, to occupy the hill-sides as skirmishers; Company C was assigned to the support of Ritter's and Company K Claflin's batteries. The enemy were concealed among the trees, and opened fire upon us with their batteries, which was promptly returned by ours, and our skirmishers from the hill-sides discharged volley after volley among the enemy with telling effect.

Company I, in deploying to the right, passed an opening commanded by the enemy's batteries and suffered severely. They, however, reached the position assigned them and did excellent service. Occupied this position for nearly half an hour, when the order was given to fall back to a new position in front of and near the house of Mr. Pigeon. Claflin's battery took position on an eminence to the left and Ritter's occupied the road. At this juncture Company G, that morning detailed as rear guard, came up, and were assigned with Company C to support Ritter's battery. Subsequently the first platoon of this company, commanded by Captain Wilder, was ordered by Colonel Slough to deploy to the right as skirmishers. The enemy advanced and occupied the position we had left, and the firing was renewed and kept up a considerable time. Then our batteries fell back to their third position.

While the batteries occupied their second position Captain Chapin and myself were requested to accompany Colonel Slough up the hill to the right to reconnoiter. It was there suggested to the colonel the necessity of occupying the hill to the left with skirmishers, to prevent the enemy from outflanking us in that direction, to fall upon our rear, and destroy our train, and it would also afford support to our batteries. He thereupon ordered me to take 20 men from Captain Sopris' company and take position on the hill. these men were furnished, and not considering them sufficient I took the police guard, not yet assigned

