
be incomplete. I would, however, remark that an estimate was made after the battle of the casualties of my command, and, if my memory serves me, 29 killed, 64 wounded, and 13 missing. Companies D and I, First Colorado Volunteers, were the greatest sufferers. Several of the wounded have since died from the effects of their wounds, making the number killed 38. The missing were taken prisoners by the enemy, one of whom escaped. The others were released on their paroles. Lieutenant Baker, of Company I, was severely wounded during the early part of the engagement, and afterward beaten to death by the enemy with the butt of a musket or club and his body stripped of its clothing. He was found the next morning, his head scarcely recognizable, so horribly mangled. He fought gallantly, and the vengeance of the foe pursued him after death. Lieutenant Chambers, of Company C, Colorado Volunteers, was also severely wounded, from which there is but little hope of this recovery. he proved himself a gallant officer.

Suffice it to say that officers and men acted with great gallantry, and where all did so well to particularize and refer to individuals becomes unnecessary.

I have the honor to remain, yours, with respect,

SAM. F. TAPPAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, First Regiment Colorado Infantry Vols.

Captain G. CHAPIN,

7th Inf., U. S. A., A. A. A. G., Dept Hdqrs., Santa Fe, N. Mex.

Numbers 3. Report of Major John M. Chivington, First Colorado Infantry.

CAMP LEWIS, NEAR PECOS CHURCH, N. MEX.,

March 28, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit to you the following report of the troops under my command on the 28th of March, 1862, at the battle of Pigeon's Ranch:

In obedience to General Orders, Numbers -, issued to me on the morning of this day, with the following command: 1st, Captain Lewis' battalion, assisted by Captain Carey, consisting of 60 men; Companies A and G, Fifth Infantry, in charge of Lieutenants Barr and Norvell; Company B, First Regiment Colorado Volunteers, 78 men, in charge of Captain S. M. Logan and Lieutenant Jacobs, and Captain James H. Ford's company, Second Colorado Volunteers, in charge of Captain Ford and Lieutenant De Forrest. 2nd, Captain Wynkoop's battalion, consisting of Company A, First Regiment Colorado Volunteers, in charge of Lieutenant Shaffer, 68 men; Company E, First Regiment Colorado Volunteers, in charge of Captain Scott J. Anthony and Lieutenant J. A. Dawson, 71 men; Company H, First Regiment Colorado Volunteers, in charge of Captain George L. Sanborn and Lieutenant B. N. Sanford, numbering about 80 men, I left Camp Lewis at 8.30 o'clock a. m., and at 9.30 o'clock a. m. we left the main road and took the trail leading to Gallisteo, which we kept for 8 miles, and then without road we traveled about 8 miles, and about 1.30 o'clock p. m. we reached an eminence overlooking Johnson's Ranch.

After reconnoitering the position it was ascertained that there were corralled in the canon 80 wagons and one field piece, all in charge of

