
some 200 men. The command was given to charge, and the troops started upon double-quick. Captain Wynkoop, with 30 of his men, were deployed to the mountain side to silence their guns by picking off their gunners, which they did effectually, Captain Lewis capturing and spiking the gun after having five shots discharged at him. The remainder of the command surrounded the wagons and buildings, killing 3 and wounding several of the enemy. The wagons were all heavily loaded with ammunition, clothing, subsistence, and forage, all of which were burned upon the spot or rendered entirely useless. During the engagement one of the wagons containing ammunition exploded, severely wounding Private Ritter, of Company A, First Colorado Volunteers; the only person injured. We retook 5 privates, who had been taken in the forenoon in the battle between Slough's and Scurry's forces, from whom reaching the summit of the mountain we were met by Lieutenant Cobb, bringing an order from Colonel Slough for our advance to support the main column, which we hastened to obey. We also took 17 prisoners, and captured about thirty horses and mules, which were in a corral in the vicinity of the wagons.

Both officers and men performed their duty efficiently. Captain Lewis had the most dangerous duty assigned him, which he performed with unfaltering heroism. I repeat, all, ALL did well. the command returned to Camp Lewis about 10 o'clock p. m. the same day.

I am, general, with much respect, your obedient servant,

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Major, First Regiment Colorado Volunteers.

P. S.- I ought in justice to say that a Mr. Collins, in some way connected with Indian affairs in this Territory, and one of Colonel Slough's volunteer aides, by his own request and Colonel Slough's desire accompanied the command, and gave evidence that he was a brave man, and did us good service as a guide and interpreter, though he did not burn the train or cause it to be done.

J. M. C.

27 killed; 63 wounded. Total, 90.

Numbers 4. Report of Captain John F. Ritter, Fifteenth U. S. Infantry, commanding light battery.

FORT UNION, N. MEX., May 16, 1862.

SIR: Pursuant to a letter dated Headquarters, Department of New Mexico, Santa Fe, N. Mex., May 15, 1862, I have the honor to submit the following report:

The light battery which I commanded in the action of Pigeon's Ranch was composed of two 12-pounder howitzers and two 6-pounder guns, without caissons, there being none then in the department. Its total strength consisted of 3 commissioned officers, besides myself, were First Lieutenant P. McGrath, Sixth Cavalry, and Second Lieutenant R. S. Underhill, Fourth New Mexico Volunteers. The order for the formation of this battery was dated March 9, 1862, and on March 23 it was ordered with Colonel Slough's column into the field. On March 28 the enemy was reported in advance, and the battery was ordered to the front to a position in the road a few hundred yards west of

