
Pigeon's Ranch, where it commenced fire upon the enemy. After firing a number of rounds I was ordered to take position farther to the rear and south of the road, some distance from it. Here I was exposed to a galling fire without being able to return it effectually, the enemy being some distance off and entire sheltered by threes, &amp;c., and I was also some distance from my ammunition wagons. The supports to the battery were all ordered away with the exception of about one platoon of Colorado Volunteers, and I deemed it proper to return to the road, which I did after firing a few rounds. It was here that Lieutenant McGrath was fatally wounded. I then took position nearly in front of Pigeon's Ranch, and established one 6-pounder in the road, while the limber-boxes of the pieces, two at a time, went to the rear to be replenished. Here one of the enemy's pieces was dismounted by a round shot striking it full in the muzzle, and another was disabled and a limber-box was blown up by a case shot striking it. Private Kelley, Company E, Fifth Infantry, was gunner at the piece which did this execution.

From here I was ordered by Captain Chapin to cross the ravine to the other side of the canon and take up a position there, which I did. Lieutenant Claflin's mountain howitzer battery joined and took position with me. The enemy here made a desperate charge on the batteries, and was repulsed with, I think, great loss. The enemy then got on the rocky hill on my right flank, and was pouring to destructive fire of small-arms in the batteries and killed two horses, so that I deemed it proper to withdraw from my position. Private G. H. Smith, Company E, Fifth Infantry, was killed, and Privates Raleigh and Woolsey, same company, and Private Leddy, Company I, Second Cavalry, were wounded at this place. I then took position some distance farther to the rear (this position was selected by Captain G. Chapin, Seventh Infantry) in front of a deep ravine, where the supports were entirely sheltered from the enemy's fire. The supply train was in the road about 40 yards from the left of the battery. The enemy here made another desperate charge on the battery, and apparently also the train, but was again repulsed, with, I think, great loss and in great disorder. This was my last position, and I heard no more firing from either side afterwards. The command then retired for the day to Kozlowski's.

I wish to state in conclusion that I had made a night march the night before the action, and did not get into camp until 4 p. m., and officers and men were necessarily much fatigued. I was very much impeded in my movements by reason of the deficiency of caissons.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. RITTER,

Captain, Fifteenth Infantry, Commanding Light Battery.

Captain G. CHAPIN,

Seventh Inf., A. A. A. G., Dept. of N. Mex., Santa Fe, N. Mex.

Numbers 5. Report of Brigadier General Henry H. Sibley, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE NEW MEXICO,Albuquerque, N. Mex., March 31, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor and the pleasure to report another victory.

After the battle of Valverde our advance was uninterrupted to this

