
city. Here sufficient supplies were secured for sixty days, while from Cubero, a village 60 miles distant, large supplies have been drawn from the enemy's depot. We have been surrounded with every description of embarrassment, general and individual. Whole trains had been abandoned, and scantily provided, as they had originally been, with blankets and clothing, the men had, without a murmur, given up the little left them. More than all this, on the representation of their officers that forage could not be procured with one accord the regiment agreed to be dismounted.

These preliminary facts are stated because it is due to the brave men under my command that they should be known and the hand-to-hand desperate contests duly appreciated.

The battle of Glorieta was fought March 28 by detached troops, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Scurry, and Federal forces, principally Pike's Peakers, under the command of Colonel Slough; the one having 1,000 men and the other estimated at 1,500 or 2,000. Glorieta is a canon 23 miles east of Santa Fe.

Pending the battle the enemy detached a portion of his force to attack and destroy our supply train, which he succeeded in doing, thus crippling Colonel Scurry to such a degree that he was two days without provisions or blankets. The patient, uncomplaining endurance of our men is most remarkable and praiseworthy.

Our loss was 33 milled and 35 wounded. Among the killed are Majors Ragnet and Shropshire and Captain Buckholts. Colonel Scurry had his cheek twice grazed by Minie balls, and Major Pyron had his horse killed under him.

In consequence of the loss of his train Colonel Scurry has fallen back upon Santa Fe.

I must have re-enforcements. The future operations of this army will be duly reported. Send me re-enforcements.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.

Numbers 6. Reports of Colonel W. R. Scurry, Fourth Texas Cavalry.

SANTA FE, N. MEX., March 30, 1862.

GENERAL: I arrived here this morning with my command and have taken quarters for the present in this city. I will in a short time give you an official account of the battle of Glorieta, which occurred on day before yesterday, in the Canon Glorieta, about 22 miles from this city, between the Confederate troops under my command and the Federal forces, commanded by Colonel Slough, of the Colorado Volunteers, (Pike's Peakers), when another victory was added to the long list of Confederate triumphs.

The action commenced at about 11 o'clock and ended at 5.30, and, although every inch of the ground was well contested, we steadily drove them back until they were in full retreat our men pursuing until from sheer exhaustion we were compelled to stop.

Our loss was 33 killed and I believe, 35 wounded. Among the killed

