
was that brave soldier and accomplished officer Major Ragnet, the gallant and impetuous Major Shropshire, and the daring Captain Buckholts, all of whom fell gallantry leading the men around against the foe. Major Pyron had his horse shot under him, and my own cheek was twice brushed by a Minie ball, each time just drawing blood, and my clothes torn in two places. I mention this simply to show how hot was the fire of the enemy when all of the field officers upon the ground were either killed or touched. As soon as I can procure a full report of all the casualties I will forward them.

Our train was burned by a party who succeeded in passing undiscovered around the mountains to our rear. I regret to have to report that they fired upon and severely wounded Rev. L. H. Jones, our chaplain, of the Fourth Regiment. He was holding in his hand a white flag when fire upon.

The loss of the enemy was very severe, being over 75 killed and a large number wounded.

The loss of my supplies so crippled me that after burying my dead I was unable to follow up the victory. My men for two days went unfed and blanketless unmurmuringly. I was compelled to come here for something to eat.

At last accounts the Federalists were still retiring towards Fort Union.

The men at the train blew up the limber-box and spiked the 6-pounder I had left at the train, so that it was rendered useless, and the cart-burners left it.

Lieutenant Bennett writes for more ammunition. Please have it sent. As soon as I am fixed for it I wish to get after them again.

From three sources, all believe to be reliable, Canby left Craig on the 24th.

Yours, in haste,

W. R. SCURRY.

P. S.- I do not know if I write intelligently. I have not slept for three nights, and can scarcely hold my eyes open.

W. R. S.

SANTA FE, N. MEX., March 31, 1862.

MAJOR: Late on the afternoon of the 26th, while encamped at Gallisteo, and express from Major Pyron arrived, with the information that the major was engaged in a sharp conflict with a greatly superior force of the enemy, about 16 miles distant, and urging me to hasten to his relief. The critical condition of Major Pyron and his gallant comrades was made known to the command, and in ten minutes the column was formed and the order to march given. Our baggage train was sent forward under a guard of 100 men, under the command of Lieutenant Taylor, of the Seventh Regiment, to a point some 6 miles in the rear of Major Pyron's position, the main command marching directly across the mountains to the scene of conflict. It is due to the brave men making this cold night march to state that where the road over the mountain was too steep for the horses to drag the artillery they were unharnessed, and the men cheerfully pulled it over the difficulties of the way by hand.

About 3 o'clock in the morning we reached Major Pyron's encampment at Johnson's Ranch, Canon Cito. There had been an agreed ces-

