
marched to Santa Fe, to procure supplies and transportation to replace those destroyed by the enemy.

Our loss was 36 killed and 60 wounded. Of the killed 24 were of the Fourth Regiment, 1 of the Fifth Regiment, 8 of the Seventh Regiment, and 1 of the artillery.

That of the enemy greatly exceeded this number, 44 of their dead being counted where the battle first opened. Their killed must have considerably exceeded 100.

The country has to mourn the loss of four as brave and chivalrous officers as ever graced the ranks of any army. The gallant Major Shropshire fell early, pressing upon the foe and cheering his men on. The brave and chivalrous Major Ragnet fell mortally wounded while engaged in the last and most desperate conflict of the day. He survived long enough to know and rejoice at our victory, and then died with loving messages upon his expiring lips. The brave, gallant Captain Buckholts and Lieutenant Mills conducted themselves with distinguished gallantry throughout the fight and fell near its close. Of the living it is only necessary to say all behaved with distinguished courage and daring.

This battle proves conclusively that few mistakes were made in the selection of the officers in this command. They were ever in the front, leading their men into the hottest of the fray. It is not too much to say that, even in the midst of this heroic band, among whom instances of individual daring and personal prowess were constantly occurring, Major Pyron was distinguished by the calm intrepidity of his bearing. It is due to Adjt. Ellsberry R. Lane to bear testimony to the courage and activity he displayed in the discharge of his official duties, and to acknowledge my obligations for the manner in which he carried out my orders.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. SCURRY,

Colonel, Commanding Army of New Mexico.

Major A. M. JACKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of New Mexico.

APRIL 5-6, 1862.- Affair at San Luis Pass, Tex., including destruction of the Columbia.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Colonel J. Bates, Thirteenth Texas Infantry.

Numbers 2.- Major S. S. Perry, Thirteenth Texas Infantry.

Numbers 3.- Captain S. L. S. Ballowe, Thirteenth Texas Infantry.

Numbers 1. Reports of Colonel J. Bates, Thirteenth Texas Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS BATES' REGIMENT,Velasco, Tex., April 6, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report as follows:

Information reached my headquarters at 7 p. m. on yesterday that at 4 p. m. of that day a large steamer anchored off San Luis Pass, dis-

35 R R - VOL IX

