
to receive them, but the sentinel placed near the entrance to the canal saw them going to the schooner and fired on them. My first intention was to throw 15 or 20 men on the schooner, but it would have taken all the boats I had to do so, and only left me with about that number of men and no means of retreat in case I should be compelled to do so. Believing it to be unwise and unsafe to attempt to save her and sustain myself on the island, I concluded to let her go, knowing that it was impossible for them to get her out, the wind and tide both being against them. I had also sent to Major Perry for re-enforcements, by the aid of which I hopped to be enabled not only to hold my position, but to take the crew that had been sent to the schooner. As soon as they got possession of her they made a signal-light on her, which was answered by the steamer. After about an hour the sentinel nearest the schooner saw three boats leave and pull over near the Galveston shore, returning to the steamer, the signal-light still burning on deck and no evidences of her being on fire, which forces me to the conclusion that they had left a crew on board and went after a force to attack me.

About 11 o'clock Major Perry arrived and reported re-enforcements to the number of 25 men on the main-land, but that there were only 5 or 6 of them armed, and that he had sent for 40 or 50 more. I requested him to return to his men and as soon as the others arrived to bring them over.

[I] waited until 1.30 o'clock and no assistance came, and expecting an attack every moment, and knowing that I had only boats enough to take off 25 or 30 men, I deemed it prudent to send off a portion of my men, and did so, with instructions that if re-enforcements came up to return to the island. Lieutenant-Colonel Brown arrived with re-enforcements on the opposite side of the channel on the main-land about half an hour before day.

At 2.20 o'clock I discovered the schooner to be on fire. I continued on my lines from dark until daylight.

The names of my men taken are as follows: Second Lieutenant O. W. Edwards, a native of Texas; Orderly Sergt. C. H. Westervelt, a native of New York; Third Sergt. James Carville, a native of Indiana; First Corp. William Turner, a native of England; Privates A. Metcalf, R. W. Silk, and Samuel Gibson, natives of England, and P. Cornyn, a native of Ireland.

This report had assumed much greater length than I intended, but I have been unable to give all the circumstances without entering into detail.

With high respect, your obedient servant,

S. L. S. BALLOWE,

Captain, Commanding Post San Luis.

Colonel J. BATES, Commanding, Velasco, Tex.

APRIL 8, 1862.- Skirmish at Albuquerque, N. Mex.

Report of Colonel Edward R. S. Canby, Nineteenth U. S. Infantry, commanding Department of New Mexico.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,San Antonio, N. Mex., April 11, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in pursuance of the intention reported in my communication of the 31st ultimo my command (860

