
regulars and 350 volunteer troops) left Fort Craig on the 1st instant, and arrived before Albuquerque on the afternoon of the 8th. I immediately made a demonstration upon the town, for the purpose of ascertaining its strength and the position of the enemy's batteries. This demonstration was made by Captain Graydon's Spy Company, supported by the regular cavalry, and developed the position of the batteries. In the skirmish Major Duncan, Third Cavalry, was seriously but it is hoped not fatally wounded. No other casualties were sustained.

It was my wish to have made a junction if possible below the Confederate troops in order to cut off their retreat, but the state of our supplies and the inferiority of our force rendered this inexpedient, and it was determined to continue the demonstration before Albuquerque in order that the Confederate forces might be withdrawn out from Santa Fe, and then by a night march place my command in a position from which the junction could be effected without danger of opposition to either column. Accordingly the demonstrations against the town were continued, and during the night of the 9th and the succeeding day the command marched to this place. I am now in communication with the commander of the troops from Fort Union, and can effect a junction at any point.

My spies from Santa Fe report that the entire Confederate force left that city and moved rapidly to Albuquerque upon the news of our appearance before that place. Their preparations indicate the intention of leaving the country. I shall therefore remain at this place to watch their movements and instruct Colonel Paul to join me here.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Colonel Nineteenth Infantry, Commanding Department.

To the ADJUTANT-GENERAL FO THE ARMY,

Washington, D. C.

APRIL 13-22, 1862.- Pursuit of Confederate forces, including skirmish at Peralta, N. Mex., April 15.

REPORTS.*

Numbers 1.- Colonel Edward R. S. Canby, Nineteenth U. S. Infantry, commanding Department of New Mexico.

Numbers 2.- Colonel Gabriel R. Paul, Fourth New Mexico Infantry, commanding district.

Numbers 3.- Colonel Benjamin S. Roberts, Fifth New Mexico Infantry, commanding district.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Edward R. S. Canby, Nineteenth U. S. Infantry, commanding Department of New Mexico.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Fort Craig, N. Mex., April 23, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that a junction with Colonel Paul's command was effected at Tijeras on the evening of the 13th instant. I had in the mean time received information that the Confederate force

---------------

*See also Sibley's report of engagement of Valverde, p. 506.

---------------

