
I effected a junction with Colonel Paul's command at San Antonio on the 13th, after a demonstration on Albuquerque and artillery combats there on the 8th and sharp skirmishing on the 8th and 9th. The last engagement was at Peralta, on the 15th. That drove the main Confederate forces from that position and put their army in utter rout.

We have great numbers of their prisoners, but I am unable to give the figures with accuracy, and 60 wagons of their supply train and two pieces of artillery have fallen into our hands.

Colonel Canby is on the pursuit with both the northern and southern divisions of the army, and this information is communicated indirectly, because it will be many days before his official reports can be made.

According to the most reliable information General Sibley has not left 1,200 men of the army of 3,000 that appeared before Fort Craig on February 13th, and his retreat is the complete annihilation of his remaining forces.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. S. ROBERTS,

Colonel, Commanding.

General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

APRIL 13-SEPTEMBER 20, 1862.-Expedition from Southern California, through Arizona, to Northwestern Texas and New Mexico.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General James H. Carleton, U. S. Army, commanding expedition.

Numbers 2.- Lieutenant Colonel Edward E. Eyre, First California Cavalry.

Numbers 3.- Surg. James M. McNulty, U. S. Army, Medical Inspector.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General James H. Carleton, U. S. Army, commanding expedition.
HEADQUARTERS COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA,Fort Barrett, Pima Villages, Ariz., May 25, 1862.

MAJOR: The advance guard of this column, under Lieutenant Colonel Joseph R. West, First California Volunteer Infantry, took possession of Tucson, in the Territory, on the 20th instant, without firing a shot. All of the secession troops who were in the Territory and all of the secessionists, so far as we can learn, have fled-the troops to the Rio Grande, the citizens to Sonora. Our arrival is hailed with great joy by all the people who remain. We shall doubtless be able to get some forage, flour, and perhaps sugar, from Sonora; but of this I will write you in detail from Tucson in a few days. A rumor comes from the Rio Grande that Sibley has met with a serious reserve.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

Major RICHARD C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, U. S. Army, San Francisco, Cal.

