
of himself and men. This report is marked B.+ I also send a subsequent report of Colonel Eyre's, dated July 8, 1862 (C+), and also one still later, dated July 11, 1862, marked D,* and still another, dated July 14, 1862, marked E; + also a letter Colonel Chivington, marked F; * also a letter from General Canby, marked G,* and letters* from General Canby to Colonel Chivington, dated June 9, 16, 18, 27, and July 1 and 4, 1862. I also inclose General Orders, Nos. 10 and 11, from these headquarters.

The troops marched on the days specified. I shall leave this post to-morrow and move rapidly to the front. If a demonstration on Northwestern Texas will serve as a diversion in favor of forces landing on the coast that State will soon be ours. The country is still dry, but we shall do our best.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES. H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

Major RICHARD C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, San Francisco, Cal.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA, Numbers 10. Tucson, Ariz., July 17, 1862.

The Column from California will move to the Rio Grande in the following order:

I. On the 20th instant Colonel Joseph R. West, First California Volunteer Infantry, with Companies B, C, and K, of his regiment, and Company G, of the Fifth California Volunteer Infantry. This command at the Rio de Sauz will receive the addition of Company E, of West's regiment, and Thompson's mountain howitzers. Major Theodore, A. Coult, of the Fifth California Volunteer Infantry, is assigned to duty with this command. Colonel West will take 40,000 rounds of rifle-musket ammunition.

II. On the 21st instant a second command, consisting of Shinn's light battery, Third U. S. Artillery, and Companies A, First, and B, Fifth California Volunteer Infantry, will take up its line of march for the Rio Grande. This command will be supplied with all the artillery ammunition now here which pertains to Shinn's battery and 17,000 rounds of ammunition for the rifle musket.

III. On the 23rd instant a third command, under Lieutenant Colonel Edwin A. Rigg, consisting of Companies I, F, D, and H, First California Volunteer Infantry, will start for the Rio Grande. This command will have 28,000 rounds of ammunition for the rifle musket.

IV. Each of these commands will be supplied with subsistence for thirty days, with at least two tents for each company and with a good supply of intrenching tools. Each command will also have one hospital tent complete and an ambulance for the sick and wounded, and will have a forge and material for shoeing horses and mules, and also a water-tank and a good supply of water-kegs.

V. On the 31st instant a train of wagons laden with forty day's supplies of subsistence for the whole command hereby ordered forward, with the following ammunition, viz, 40,000 rounds of the rifle musket, 30,000 rounds for the Sharp's carbine, and 20,000 rounds for the navy size Colt's revolver, together with such other supplies of clothing,

---------------

* Not found. + See report Numbers 2, p. 585.

---------------

