
[Inclosure A.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Fort Yuma, Cal., May 3, 1862.

Colonel E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Department of New Mexico:

COLONEL: Having no means of getting reliable information from you except by a special express, I send the bearer of this to you for that purpose. He will be able to tell you about this part of the country, and will bring to me any communication you may desire to write.

I have a force of fight battery (Company A, Third Artillery)of two 12-pounder howitzer and two 6-pounder guns, and fifteen companies of infantry and five companies of cavalry, California Volunteers, well armed and provided for and the men are as fine material as any in the service. I can move on from Tucson or Fort Breckinridge as soon as I hear from you. I am ready and anxious to co-operate with you.

If necessary I can be followed by still another regiment or more of infantry, to be sent by steam to the mouth of the Colorado.

It will afford me pleasure to enter into any plan you may suggest, so my force can be of service to you and to the cause.

Let me know your strength, your situation, your purposes; the strength, situation, and probable of Sibley and his troops.

Please send an escort with my messenger, to get him safety through the Apaches.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

At the time this letter was written it was the intention of General Carleton to move forward to the Rio Grande five companies of the Fifth Infantry, California Volunteers. Some of those companies are now serving in Western Arizona.

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First Infantry, Cal. Vols., A. A. A. General.

[Inclosure B.]
HEADQUARTERS COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA,Tucson, Ariz., June 11, 1862.

General E. R. S. CANBY, U. S. A.,

Commanding U. S. Forces in New Mexico:

GENERAL: I had the honor to you on the 3rd ultimo from Fort Yuma, Ca., that I was on my way to Arizona, and desired to co-operate with you in driving the rebels from New Mexico. My messenger was unable to reach you via the Salinas Fort of the Gila on account of high water. I therefore another through Mexican territory.

I am ordered to recapture all the works in New Mexico which had been surrendered to rebels. This I shall proceed to do, starting from here as soon as the rains filled the natural tanks, say early in July.

What number of troops can find subsistence, say at twenty days' notice, at Mesilla and Fort Bliss, in Texas? I can start from here with sixty days' supply for one battery of artillery, one regiment of infantry,

