
[Inclosure F.]
HEADQUARTERS COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA,Tucson, Ariz., July 8, 1862.

Colonel JOSEPH R. WEST,

First Infantry, Cal. Vols., Commanding at Tucson, Ariz.:

COLONEL: You will order a sergeant and 9 trusty infantry soldiers and 3 first-rate cavalry soldiers to the crossing of the San Pedro, to guard some forage which the quartermaster will send to that point.

You will order Roberts' company, of the First Infantry, California Volunteers, to the San Simon, en route to the Rio Grande, where they will make an intrenched camp, if possible, near the mail station, and there await further orders.

A train will accompany these troops with thirty days' rations for Colonel Eyre's command, commencing on its arrival at the San Simon, and thirty days for the troops who are to remain at the San Pedro.

Each soldier will have 110 rounds of ammunition, and the party at the San Simon will have some intrenching tools and also some scythes. These troops are sent to guard these supplies until the column reaches them on its march to the Rio Grande. They also go to observe the road and to form a support to Colonel Eyre in case he falls back.

You cannot be too minute in your instructions to them, having in view the furtherance of these ends. They are to have scouts all the time well to the front, unless menaced, say 50 or more miles; they are to keep me informed of movements in their vicinity of the enemy, and if attacked they are not to surrender on any terms. They are to be uncommonly watchful that Indians do not run off their stock, and at the same time are not to attack the Indians unless the latter are the aggressors.

I am, colonel, respectfully,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[Inclosure N.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., May 30, 1862.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

First Infantry, Cal. Vols. Column from California:

SIR: Inclosed I have the honor to transmit, by direction of the general commanding the department General Orders, Numbers 29, from the Warm Department. It is probable that your command may enter the Department of New Mexico. You will nevertheless act under the orders of the general commanding the Department of the Pacific, and make your returns as usual to these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Sub-inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. GENL 'S OFFICE, Numbers 29. Washington, March 22, 1862.

In the changes recently made in the boundaries of department commands it may happen that troops belonging to one department may either be in, or may unavoidably pass into, another. In such a case the troops so situated will continue under the command of the general

