
this direction, and in which he speaks of removing the regulator troops from New Mexico and of receiving other re-enforcements from California. As the views it sets forth seem to be of great value, I submit it for the perusal of General Wright; it is marked G.

On August 12 General Canby wrote still another letter, in which he authorized me to use my own judgment in regard to the disposition of troops in Arizona and Southern New Mexico; it is marked H. My letter to General Canby, dated August 15, together with General Orders, Nos. 14 and 15, herewith inclosed, will inform General Wright of the distribution of the troops along the Rio Grande. These communications are marked I.

On August 16 I started with three companies of cavalry for Fort Bliss, in Texas. At the town on Franklin, opposite El Paso, I found a surgeon of the Confederate Army and 25 sick and disabled soldiers, whom I made prisoners of war by order of General Canby. I also found that a large amount of hospital stores and quartermaster's property, which once had belonged to the United States, was in store-rooms connected with the custom-house at El Paso, in Mexico. These stores I managed to recover; there were 12 wagon loads of them. I sent them to the depot at Mesilla, which I had established. I then proceeded 100 miles farther down the valley of the Rio Grande into Texas. The object of my march was to restore confidence to the people. They had been taught by the Texans that we were coming among them as marauders and as robbers. When they found we treated them kindly and paid them a fair price for all the supplies we required they rejoiced to find, as they came under the old flag once more, that they could now have protection and will be treated justly. The abhorrence they expressed for the Confederate troops and of the rebellion convinced me that their loyalty to the United States is now beyond question.

On August 22 the troops of the Column from California hoisted the Stars and Stripes over Fort Quitman. This was done by Captain John C. Cremony, with his company (B, Second California Volunteer Cavalry).

On the same day Captain Shirland, First California Volunteer Cavalry, was directed to proceed to Fort Davis, 140 miles still farther into Texas, and hoisted the national colors over that post. (See General Orders, Numbers 16, marked K.) How well Captain Shirland performed this duty and how gallantly he and his men behaved in a fight with the Indians will be seen by his report, a copy of which is herewith inclosed, marked L.

Captain Roberts' company, which whipped the Indians in Apache Pass, is from Sacramento. Lieutenant-Colonel Eyre, who led my advance guard to the Rio Grande and hoisted the colors over Forts Thorn, Fillmore, Bliss, and Mesilla, is from Sacramento, and so is Captain Shirland, who hoisted the Stars and Stripes 240 miles farther into the State of Texas, and also whipped the Indians in that neighborhood. This speaks nobly for the men from that city.

I inclose a telegraphic communication from General Canby to the Adjutant-General of the Army, dated August 10, in which he requests that a regiment more of infantry and five companies of cavalry be sent into the Department of New Mexico from California, so as to relieve the regular troops now here; it is marked M.

On August 21 I was instructed to arrange the affairs of the District of Arizona so as to turn over that district to the officer next in rank to myself, and to hold myself in readiness to repair to the headquarters Department of New Mexico. I also received Special Orders, No 148, from the headquarters of that department, directing me to send a officer

