
miles from this camp, who are nearly perishing for want of food, the Indians having robbed them of what they had, and the secessionists having captured and appropriated to themselves of supplies which was on the way some time since to their relief. You will send Captain E. D. Shirland, First California Volunteer Cavalry, and Lieutenant D. C. Vestal, First California Volunteer Infantry, with a sufficient escort of cavalry and infantry, to the Pino Alto mines with some provisions for these starving people. Send them 5 beeves, 600 pounds, more or less, of pemmican 3,000 pounds of flour, and 1,500 pounds of panoche (Mexican sugar). These provisions will be given to the most needy. If it be not practicable to distribute them all at one, they will be left in the hands of some responsible man for this purpose, proper receipts being taken thereof. I instruct Captain Shirland particularly on these points, and direct him and Lieutenant Vestal to make a joint report on the number and sufferings of the people at Pino Alto, and whether they are strong enough to protect themselves from further harm from the Indians.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

[Inclosure C.
CAMP ON RIO MIEMBRES, ARIZ.,

August 10, 1862.

Colonel JOSEPH R. WEST,

First California Volunteer Infantry:

COLONEL: Pursuant to instructions received on the 6th instant we left this place on that day for the Pino Alto mines, taking with us a quantity of provisions for distribution among the inhabitants of that place, represented to be in a starving condition. We arrived there on the 7th, and called upon the principal of the place to assist us in ascertaining the names, ages, business, condition, number, &amp;c., of the inhabitants. We found about 30 Americans, French, Germans, &c.; two of the Germans with families; all the rest were Mexicans. Most of them were extremely poor and destitute, there being scarcely any ore at all in the mines. They had received some little assistance previous to our arrival, before which time they had been living on purslane and roots, and several had become insane from hunger.

* * * *

Number of families in the mines, two-Mr. Schneider's and Mr. Holtz's; number of Mexican families living in the mines, about 30, all extremely poor.

All the people seemed to be loyally inclined, although several of them had belonged to the Arizona Rangers, a company formed for the purpose of fighting the Indians in the Indians in the Territory. The Indians were represented as being extremely hostile and in the habit of committing depredations upon the settlers whenever they had anything to steal. At the time of our visit there were no Indians in the neighborhood, but every one though that as soon as trains with supplies commenced their trips the Indians would begin to commit depredations. All were extremely anxious to have the Government extend to them sufficient protection and station at least one company in their neighborhood.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. SHIRLAND,

Captain, First California Volunteer Cavalry.

