
beyond the reach of support. This has been directed in general terms in the instructions given to the commander of the Southern Military District, and who would also have been the commander of the expedition organized for that purpose. Copies of these instructions have already been furnished you. The retreat of the rebels and the approach of your command rendered it unnecessary to send this force below the Jornada, and, with the exception of the infantry battalion and the cavalry force with Lieutenant-Colonel Eyre, it has been recalled. The detachments will also be recalled, but the movement will not be commenced until your arrangements are so far perfected that in can be done without inconvenience.

I do not think that an invasion of New Mexico will again be attempted by the Rio Grande; but if our troops in the Southwest should meet with any serious reverses, it may be by the Canadian or attempts may be made to interrupt our communications with the East. This last I have regarded as the most probable danger, and some time since requested the commander of the Department of Kansas to place sufficient force on that line (within his department) to secure it. The renewal of the disturbances in Missouri has prevented this, and I now putting some of the Colorado troops on the line.

If there should be no change in the order for the removal of the regular troops a part of your command will probably be needed at and above Fort Craig. I have estimated the force required at that post and the Rio Grande as far as Fort Bliss at 2,000 men. I infer from your letter of May 3 that you can readily be re-enforced from California, and there is no doubt that troops can better be spared from that State than from is no doubt that troops can better be spared from that State than from any other quarter. I make these suggestions now for your consideration, and will be pleased to hear from you in relation to them before any general movement of the regular troops takes place.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Department.

[Inclosure H.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., August 12, 1862,

Brigadier General JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding Column from California, District of Arizona:

GENERAL: I have just received your communication of the 8th instant. It is my wish that you should exercise your own judgment both with regard to the distribution of your troops and the point at which your headquarters will be established. My instructions to Colonel Chivington to June 22 and subsequent dates were predicated upon the supposition that he would meet with some resistance, and were more in detail than I should have considered necessary with an officer of more experience.

In my letter of yesterday I gave the general tenor of my instructions, in order the you might use your discretion in carrying out the policy of the Government with reference to this department. Directions will be given to send tents to Fort Craig for the use of your command, and I trust that you will not hesitate in asking for anything that will add to the comfort of your command. If not already at Fort Craig, it will be sent there, and if not now in abundance, we will share what we have, and renew our supplies when the trains come in. It will probably be

