
[Inclosure K.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. Colonel FROM CAL., CAMP ON RIO GRANDE,

No. 16. Near Fort Quitman, Tex., August 22, 1862.

I. At 12 m. to-day Captain John C. Cremony, with his company (B, of the Second California Volunteer Cavalry), will proceed to Fort Quitman and hoist over it the national colors, the old Stars and Stripes. By this act still another post comes under its rightful flag and once more becomes consecrated to the United States.

II. Captain Edmond D. Shirland, First California Volunteer Cavalry, will proceed without delay, yet by easy marches, to Fort Davis, Tex., and hoist over that post the national colors. If Captain Shirland finds any sick or wounded soldiers there he will make them prisoners of war, but put them upon their parole and let them proceed without delay to Texas. If they are unable to travel, Captain Shirland will report to these headquarters by express what they need in the way of surgical or medical attention; what they need in the way of food or transportation, and all other essential facts connected with them which it may be necessary to have known to have them properly cared for. If the fort is abandoned, Captain Shirland will retrace his steps and report in person to these headquarters.

III. Twenty effective men will be ordered from Company B, First California Volunteer Cavalry, to report to Captain Shirland for detached service to Fort Davis, Tex.

By order of Brigadier-General Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First Cal. Vol. Infantry, A. A. A. G.

[Inclosure L.]

CAMP ON RIO GRANDE, September 2, 1862.

Lieutenant BENJ. C. CUTLER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Franklin, Tex.:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to state, in pursuance to instructions received from General James H. Carleton, commanding Column from California, I left this camp at 3 p. m. August 23 en route to Fort Davis. Encamped at 8 o'clock the same evening, having marched 15 miles.

Started at daybreak of the 24th and arrived at Eagle Springs at 9.30 a. m., 17 miles; found the springs filled with rubbish and carrion; by cleaning them out found water for men and animals. There being no grass in the vicinity, I left the springs at 4 p. m.; marched about 5 miles and made a dry camp; grass abundant and good.

Started at daybreak and marched 20 miles to Van Horn's Wells; found these wells entirely filled up; cleared out one of them, but found it impossible to obtain sufficient water for the men. Many of the horses being unfit to proceed farther, I thought it best to go on from here with 20 men and picked horses, taking the ambulance with me. Accordingly I directed Lieutenant Haden to retrace his steps to Eagle Springs with the remainder of the detachment, to clean out the springs thoroughly, and to remain there eight days, unless he received other orders from me. If at the expiration of eight days I should not have returned or sent back an express, I directed him to return to the river and wait for me there two days and then proceed up the river and report to General Carleton.

37 R R-VOL IX

