
I started from the fort on my return at daylight of the 30th and marched to Dead Man's Hole; watered the animals, and made a dry camp in the prairie.

Left camp at 9 a. m. and marched about 10 miles, when an Indian made his appearance with a white flag, followed by 5 others, all mounted. I tried to hold a talk with them, but they seemed unwilling to have anything to say, they being followed by 25 or 30 more mounted men, and still farther behind was a large party on foot, and it being evident that their only intention was to gain time all delay us until they could surround us, coming towards us in every direction, a large proportion of them mounted. Wishing to get rid of the footmen, I made a running fight of it, expecting the mounted men to follow, which they did for a short distance; but finding it too for them, they returned. They left 4 men dead on the field, 2 of them the leaders, respectively, of the mounted and footmen. I have good reason to believe that at least 20 were wounded. I had 2 men wounded, 1 slightly and 1 painfully, by a pistol-ball in the shoulder. I had also 1 horse wounded.

I then came on the Eagle Springs, where I arrived at 11 p. m., watered all my animals, and found that Lieutenant Haden, with the remainder of the command, had left for the river several days before. Encamped for the remainder of the night, and on next day proceeded to the river, arriving there about 5 p. m., and found Lieutenant Haden, with the remainder of the command, he stating that he could no find sufficient water at Eagle Springs for the use of the animals.

I omitted in the foregoing report to state that above 10 miles from Van Horn's Wells I met two Mexicans coming this way. I arrested them and brought them to this camp, where I released them, and they went on up the river and will report to General Carleton in person.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. SHIRLAND,

Captain Company C, First California Volunteer Cavalry.

[Inclosure M.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,August 10, 1862.

To the ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Washington, D. C.:

General Carleton's force in the Mesilla will be less by 700 men than is stated in my report of the 6th. He reports that he can be followed by another regiment of infantry or more. I recommend that one regiment of infantry and five companies of cavalry be ordered from California. The regular troops can be ready to leave as soon as the answer to my report of the 6th is received, or earlier if I find if safe to move them.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure N.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., August 21, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding District of Arizona, Fort Bliss, Tex.:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires that you will arrange the affairs of your district so that the command may be turned over to

