
June 21, left Tucson at 3 a. m. with Captain Fritz, Lieutenants Haden and Baldwin, First California Volunteer Cavalry, and 140 men; marched 35 miles to Cienega de los Pinos, and encamped at 12.30 p. m.; water and grazing abundant. The road to-day is very good, with the exception of two or three hills. At a distance of about 28 miles the road descends into the cienega, then 7 miles to water near the burned station, which stood on the hill to the right of the road.

Course, southeast; 35 miles.

June 22, left Cienega at 6 a. m.; marched over a high, rolling country, but good wagon road, and splendid grazing all the way for a distance of about 22 miles, when the road descends through a canon for 1 mile, and then opens on the San Pedro Valley. Two miles farther the river is reached at the Overland Mail Station; strong bridge over the river; water and grass abundant; wood very scarce. Course, northeast; 25 miles. There found the name of Jones, the expressman.

June 23, left camp at crossing of the San Pedro at 7.30 a. m. The road at once leaves the river and enters a valley about 1 mile wide and 4 miles long, when in terminates at the foot of the mesa, which is gained through a narrow canon, in which is a long but not very steep hill. The canon is about 1 1\2 miles, when the top of the mesa is reached; then about 14 miles to Overland Mail Station at Dragoon Spring, at which place we arrived at 12. 30 p. m. and encamped; found water sufficient, by digging, up the canon 12 miles, the trail to which is difficult in some places to lead animals over. Course, northeast; 19 1\2 miles.

June 24, left Dragoon Spring at 10.30 a. m.; was detained in consequence of scarcity of water. Marched 25 miles over an excellent road to Ewell's Station, arriving there at 5.30 p. m.; sen Captain Fritz and 6 men with spades to examine the springs in the mountain north of station. He had returned to station by the time the command arrived and reported only enough water for the men. Encamped at 6 p. m. Course, northeast; 25 miles.

June 25, left Ewell's Station at 1 a. m.; marched 15 miles over a very hilly and in places a very rocky road to station in Apache Pass, and encamped at 6 a. m.; water scarce; no grass. Course, northeast; 15 miles.

About 12 m.-I being engaged at the spring superintending the watering of animals, it being necessary to dip in with tin cups-four shots were heard in the vicinity of where the horses that had been watered were being grazed a strong guard. Immediately thereafter it was reported that Indians were in sight and that the guard had fired to give the alarm. Almost immediately thereafter it was reported to me that the Indians were having a white flag. I at once started for them, taking with me a white flag, and Mr. Newcomb, as interpreter. At the end of about one hour I succeeded in getting sufficiently near one of them to be understood. I explained to him what I desired and asked for the chief. At this time at least 75 to 100 Indians were in sight, many of them mounted on good-looking horses and all of them armed with fire-arms, some with rifles and six-shooting pistols. Of the latter I observed a great number and occasionally single-barreled shot-guns. When the chief came forward I told him we were Americans, and that our Great Captain lived at Washington; that we wished to be friends of the Apaches; that at present I was only traveling through their country, and desired he would not interfere with my men or animals; that a great captain was at Tucson with a large number of soldiers; that he wished to have a talk with all the Apache chiefs and to make peace with them and make them presents. He professed a great

