
desire to be friendly with the Americans, and assured me that neither my men nor animals should be molested. He asked for tobacco and something to eat. I gave him all that could possibly be spared, and we parted, with a request on his part that I would meet him at the same place at sunset. On my return it was reported to me that 3 of the men were missing. A party of 30 were at once sent out in the vicinity of where the firing was heard, and after an hour's search the bodies of the missing men were found stripped of all their clothing and two of them scalped. Each was shot through the chest with fire-arms and lanced through the neck. They were victims to their own imprudence, the entire command having been repeatedly warned by me not to wander from camp. It appears they had started, leading their horses from the spring where the watering was being done, over the ridge into another gulch, when they came on the Indians were murdered. The Indians succeeded in getting one horse. When the bodies of our murdered men were found instant pursuit of the Indians was made, some of whom were seen on a hill half a mile distant; but being unable to come up with them a return to camp was ordered, carrying in the dead bodies, which were buried, the entire command being present. The animals now being all watered, or as much as could be obtained for them, and there being very little in the pass, at 6 p. m. left camp; marched out and made a dry camp on the plain 2 miles beyond the canon.

Course east by northeast; 4 miles.

At 11 p. m. a volley of six or eight shots was fired into camp, wounding Acting Assistance Surgeon Kittredge in the head and killing one horse at the picket line.

June 26, left Dry Camp Numbers 1 at 3. 30 a. m.; marched 15 miles over an excellent road to San Simon Station, then turned square to the right and marched 13 miles up the dry bed of the river to a large cienega and encamped at 2 p. m. Course, east, northeast, and southeast; 28 miles. This is a splendid camping place-water and grass in the greatest abundance. The proper road to the cienega turns to the right from the stage road about 6 miles from Apache Pass and around the point of the mountain. It comes on the San Simon 1 mile below the water.

At 12, midnight, camp was alarmed by a shot fired by one of the guard.

On examination it was found to be a coyote, which he mistook in the dark for an Indian crawling through the scattered bushes, but which he instantly killed. This was a very hard day's march on men and animals, being obliged to leave Dry Camp without breakfast owing to the scarcity of water, having but eight five-gallon kegs in which to carry water for the men, and not being able to get at the pass as much water as the animals required.

June 27, laid over.

June 28, left camp at Cienega of San Simon at 4 p. m., marched 5 miles north-northeast to the pass in the mountains; road heave. On arriving at the pass, found the road through it very good and the pass wide. Marched 15 miles from San Simon, and made Dry Camp Numbers 2 at 10.15 p. m. Course, north-northeast; 15 miles.

June 29, left Dry Camp at 4 a. m., marched 9 miles to Lightendorffer's Well, in Round Mountain Cannon; good road; well on right of and close to the road. It is about 8 feet square and 7 feet deep; rock bottom. Halted at well one hour and obtained a very limited supply of water for my command. This is a tolerably good camping place for three companies of infantry. By care they could obtain sufficient water, which is good. Left Lightendorffer's Well at 8 a. m.; marched 22 miles

