
been doing duty on board of the U. S. frigate Congress from January 13 until March 8, when they were attacked by the rebel iron-clad gunboat Merrimac, or Virginia, and forced to surrender after the ship was ashore and helpless. Captain McIntire report 9 killed, 10 wounded, 7 missing.*

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. W. WARDROP,

Colonel, Commanding Ninety-ninth Regiment, N. Y. V.

Lieutenant CHARLES LORCH,

Post-Adjutant, Camp Hamilton.

Numbers 5. Report of Major General Benjamin Huger, C. S. Army, commanding Department of Norfolk.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,Norfolk, Va., March 10, 1862.

SIR: I telegraphed yesterday to the Secretary of War the fact of the naval engagement on the 8th and 9th instant. As the battle was fought by the Navy, Flag-Officer Forrest will no doubt report to the Navy Department the result of the engagement.

The batteries at Sewell's Point opened fire on the steamers Minnesota and Roanoke, which attempted on the 8th to pass to Newport news to the assistant of the frigates attacked by the Virginia. The Minnesota ran aground before reaching there. The Roanoke was struck several times, and for some cause turned around and went back to Old Point.

The two sailing vessels (Cumberland and Congress) were destroyed-the first sunk and the other burned by the Virginia-and on the 9th the Minnesota, still aground, would probably have been destroyed but for the iron-clad battery of the enemy called, I think, the Monitor. The Virginia and this battery were in actual contact, without inflicting serious injury on either.

At 2 p. m. on yesterday, the 9th, all our vessels came up to the navy-yard of repairs. The Virginia, I understand, had gone into dock for repaired, which will be made at once. This action shows the power and endurance, of iron-clad vessels; cannon-short do not harm them, and they can pass batteries or destroy large ships. A vessel like the Virginia or the Monitor, with her two guns, can pass any of our batteries with impunity. The only means of stopping them is by vessels of the same kind. The Virginia, being the most powerful, can stop the Monitor; but a more powerful one would run her down or ashore. As the enemy can build such boats faster then we, they could, when so prepared, overcome any place accessible by water. How these powerful machines are to be stopped is a problem I cannot solve. At present, in the Virginia, we have the advantage; but we cannot tell how long this may last.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

---------------

* Captain McIntire's report not found.

---------------

