
now kept from pursuing them by the depth of the water in the pass at the point where we approached it. (We could have swum across, but would then have been on the wrong side, with wet ammunition. Their fire was returned with spirit for several rounds, but without damage to either party.) The blockading vessel, meantime, was within 2 miles of the scene, an interested spectator. I wonder that she did not shell us. It may be she did not fully understand the situation of parties, and may have mistaken or boats for their prizes. The Yankees, 22 in number, soon disappeared among the sand hills, and the folly of groping about in the dark after them being manifest, we returned with their launches and contents to Shell Bank. Our prizes are cutters or launches-one pulling five and the other four oars-capable of carrying 10 or 14 men, respectively, with sails; a fine mariner's compass, a pennant, three pairs of handcuffs, and two guns belonging to the men, taken by them on the two sloops; the sails of the Democrat, some rations, one boarding-pistol, and other trifles.

On our return to the bank we met Major Forshey and Lieutenants Aspinwall, Conklin, and Russell, with parties, on three other boats; but darkness prevented any attempt at further proceedings.

The captain of the bark (Kittredge) was in the party. They left the bark with five days' rations; handcuffed the men taken on the Swan and Mustang, more for humiliation than to secure them.

Some of the Yankee soldiers expressed great dissatisfaction with their commander; said they would not fight for him if they could avoid it.

The men of the Swan and Mustang seemed very grateful for their release.

On the 21st the Burkhart was chased by these launches for several hours; but want of knowledge of the channels on the part of the enemy prevented them from overtaking her.

I have not been able to engage suitable schooners for guard boats in the bays. Chartered a sloop (the Rebecca) to lay about Blind Pass, but for some cause she has not returned from Saluria according to contract. I sent an armed party up to Saluria yesterday to carry some returning boats and to escort Major Forshey.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. O. YAGER,

Major, Mounted Battalion, Commanding Camp Aransas, Tex.

Lieutenant B. E. BENTON,

A. A. A. G., Southern Military District of the Rio Grande.

P. S.- The compass taken from the enemy was sent by Major Forshey to General Hebert, to be presented, with his permission, to Commodore William Hunter, chief naval commander of the Department of Texas, from the officers engaged in the expedition.

Respectfully,

W. O. Y.

APRIL 25, 1862.-Affair at Socorro, N. Mex.

Report of Major Charles E. Wesche, Second New Mexico Militia.

SANTA FE, N. MEX., May 5, 1862.

GENERAL: In accordance with your verbal order I herewith report to you the movements and surrender of that part of the Second Regi-

