
If it had been disgusting to us to see our militiamen abscond in the hours of trial, it was more provoking to see them come out of their hiding places when the danger was over. There were at least 150 militiamen who at 10 a. m. took the oath of neutrality. Colonel Pino, Lieutenant-Colonel Baca, and myself were paroled.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

CHAS, EMIL WESCHE,

First Major, Second New Mexico Militia.

MAY 15, 1862.-Naval Demonstration upon Galveston, Tex.

Report of Colonel Joseph J. Cook, commanding Military District of Galveston.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier TEX. VOLS., MIL. DIST. GALVESTON,Galveston, Tex., May 15, 1862-6 p. m.

SIR: I beg most respectfully to report to the commanding general that about 3 p. m. to-day the schooner Sam Houston approached South Battery from westward, a brisk sea-breeze blowing, and stood down within a mile and a half of the battery, ostensibly for the purpose of drawing our fire or making an attack. Captain Schneider, thinking that he could cripple or sink her, fired four shots, striking very close, and thinking that one shot struck. She tacked after the first fire. Finding that she was too close in, she stood off and returned to her anchorage near the frigate. Captain Schneider and his officers have had repeated orders from me to send me word if approached by any vessel and not provoke and attack; also a written order from Colonel E. B. Nichols, under date of December 6, 1861, viz:

Should appearances indicate an attack, you will immediately telegraph to me at the office of E. B. Nichols &amp;Co., where my headquarters are established.

Captain Schneider failed to inform me of the approach, and had I been present I should not have allowed the firing. Captain Schneider, however, justified himself under Post Order, Numbers 1, dated July 25, 1861, issued by Colonel J. C. Moore, paragraph IV, viz:

Should any of the enemy's vessels come within effective range of either battery, the officer in charge will open fire without hesitation and give him the warmest reception his metal will afford.

After the firing at the schooner the movements on board the frigate indicated her intention to move, whereupon orders were issued for extraordinary vigilance on the part of the vedettes.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. J. COOK,

Colonel, Commanding Military District.

Captain SAMUEL BOYER DAVIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 16, 1862-6 a. m.

All passed quiet during the night.

J. J. C.

