
MAY 21, 1862.-Affair at Paraje, N. Mex.

Report of Captain Joseph G. Tilford, Third U. S. Cavalry.

PARAJE, N. MEX, May 30, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 21st, about sunup in the morning, a person was brought me by my guard bearing a white flag. On being questioned as to his business, he replied that his commanding officer (Lieutenant Bowman, I think) demanded a surrender of the town. On my declining to surrender and instructing him to inform Lieutenant Bowman that a compliance with his demand depended altogether on his ability to enforce it, he left, and I immediately proceeded to place my small command (45 men) in the best positions to resist an attack. None, however, was made. A few straggling shots at long ranges were made, and the Texans commenced a retreat down the Jornada. My spies reported them to be about 100 strong. My horses were so very poor and weak, and not knowing but that they had a stronger force below and were only attempting to draw me out, I did not deem it prudent to follow. I saw no more of them.

At about the time the demand for a surrender came a smaller party was seen, and near where my horses had been, until a few days previous, herded day and night, which leads me to believe, as my party was very small and about half with the herd, that simultaneous with their attack on me they would run off my herd; but finding the herd in, they declined the attack. I believe the white flag that came up with Lieutenant Taylor's party some time since covered a party of spies. I had only about 20 men then and herded my animals day and night.

In conclusion, I beg to say that I regret that they approached so near before I had notice of their coming, as I might then have been enabled to have so disposed my force as to have done them some injury. I had every confidence in my spies, as they were highly recommended to me, but they entirely neglected their business on that occasion, which I reported to you on the next day.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. G. TILFORD,

Captain, Third U. S. Cavalry.

Lieutenant A. L. ANDERSON,

A. A. A. G., Southern Mil. Dist., Fort Craig, N. Mex.

MAY 23, 1862.-Affair near Fort Craig, N. Mex.

Report of Brigadier General Edward R. S. Canby, U. S. Army, commanding Department of New Mexico.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., May 25, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that one of our pickets, 8 miles below Fort Craig, was attacked by a superior force of the enemy on the 23rd instant, and repulsed, without loss on our side and a loss of 4 on the part of the assailants. With this exception there has been no change in the state of affairs since my last reports. Supplies are being accumulated at Fort Craig and Peralta as rapidly as possible, but the great flow

