
an infamous special order from Butler in relation to Mrs. Philips. I have not had time to answer your letter in relation to McKinney. He lies basely if the messenger reports him correctly. I thank you for having taken notice of it, and will furnish proper refutation as soon as the present excitement is over.

I must not forget to say that all here is harmony and perfect union among all officers, men, and myself, and all vie with one another in zealously obeying orders,

In haste, very truly, yours,

CHAS. LIVENSKIOLD.

General H. P. BEE,

Commanding Mil. Dist. of the Lower Rio Grande, San Antonio, Tex.

P. S. - I trust you will at once send Major Shea to assume command of the operations or return Captain Ireland.

Numbers 2. Reports of Captain Benjamin F. Neal, C. S. Army.

CAMP NEAR DREDGE-BOAT, July 13, 1862.

SIR: To-day, about 11 o'clock, the picket guard reported a launch coming down the cut toward the dredge-boat. I immediately ordered the company down, and observed that they were approaching the dredge under a flag of truce. I notified them to land on the opposite side of the channel, some 200 or 300 yards from the dredge, when I took a boat, accompanied by Captain Ware and Lieutenant Conklin, and went over to them. The interview lasted some half an hour. The officer, second in command I presume, stated that his object was to pass to Corpus Christi Cavanos and another Mexican gentleman and his lady, who was then at Saint Joseph's Island. I consented that they should go down on board the Rebecca, and have given orders to Lieutenant Russell to carry them down and report them to you. I had no opportunity of asking or ascertaining how Cavanos got on board the bark, further than he was in [New] Orleans when that city was taken by the enemy. I therefore leave it for you to investigate the whole matter when they arrive in Corpus [Christi]. Sergeant Bradley has just arrived from Lamar, and says that the enemy held Captain Brown for the purpose of piloting the schooner down to Corpus Christi. They also say that Kittredge, who is in command of the expedition, stated at Lamar that 15,000 troops would be landed on Saint Joseph's Island in a few weeks. I think that is only bombast. I have sent a party of men to Lamar to-night to burn the Monte Christo, as they are going up for her on Monday for the purpose of carrying out the cotton they have captured. I presume you can get more accurate information from Cavanos. I shall, hold my position here until ordered or driven away.

Very respectfully,

BENJ. F. NEAL,

Captain, Commanding Camp Aransas.

Colonel LIVENSKIOLD.

CAMP NEAR DREDGE-BOAT, July 16, 1862.

SIR: I received your note per Mr. Hooper, and willingly comply

