
mand in a canon about 2 1/2 miles from the enemy, and at once proceeded, in company with Lieutenants Homsley, Lilly, Harbour, and Bigham, to make a careful reconnaissance of the position of the enemy's encampment, which we were fortunate enough in effecting without being discovered. Returned to camp, and proceeded to make my dispositions for an attack at daylight on the following morning.

Accordingly, at 1 o'clock that night, I moved my command to within 300 yards of their camp, where I divided my command into two equal divisions, placing one under the command of Lieutenant Homsley, whom I directed to take position on the right of the enemy, in the edge of a dense cedar-brake, about 50 yards from their camp, which he succeeded in doing without detection. In the mean time I had had equal success in obtaining another cedar-brake with my division within about 40 yards of the enemy, on their left. These movements were accomplished about an hour before daylight. Shortly after having secured our positions a sentinel on his rounds came near the position a sentinel on his rounds came near the position of Lieutenant Homsley's division, which he had the misfortune to discover; whereupon he was shot dead by Lieutenant Harbour, which caused an alarm in the enemy's camp, and a few shots were exchanged between the parties, and all became quiet again for the space of half an hour, when another sentinel hailed us on the left, and shared the fate of the first. It being still too dark the attack, I ordered my men to hold quietly their positions until daylight. The enemy in the mean time were actively engaged preparing to resist us. The moment it became light enough to see I ordered the attack to be made by a steady and slow advance upon their position, firing as we advanced until within about 30 paces of their line, when I ordered a charge of both divisions, which was executed in fine style, resulting in the complete rout and flight of the enemy.

They left of the field 32 killed. The remainder fled, scattering in all directions through the many dense cedar-brakes in the immediate vicinity. From the many signs of blood I infer many of those escaping were seriously wounded.

We captured 83 head horses, 33 stand of small-arms, 13 six-shooters, and all their camp equipage, and provisions for 100 men for ten days. The arms I turned over to the commanding officer at Fort Clark. The horses are en route to this place. The provisions were consumed by my command.

Although the surprise and rout of the enemy was complete, I regret to state it was not unattended with loss on our part. We had 2 killed on the field and 18 wounded.

The fight occurred about 20 miles north of Fort Clark, to which point I sent for assistance, both surgical and transportation, for my wounded, which was promptly forwarded by the commanding officer, Captain Carolan, and Assistant Surgeon Downs, to whom I am greatly indebted for many kind attentions to myself and command, as also to Mr. D. H. Brown. My wounded are all well provided for and are doing well.

I have learned from one of the party whom we fought, captured some four or five days subsequent to the fight, that the party was composed of 63 Germans, 1 Mexican, and 5 Americans (the latter running the first fire), all under the command of a German by the name of Fritz Tegner. They offered the most determined resistance and fought with desperation, asking no quarter whatever; hence I have no prisoners to report.

My officers and men all behaved with the greatest coolness and gal-

