
If they are needed at more important points they can be promptly forwarded.

Very respectfully,

J. BATES,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain C. M. MASON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, San Antonio, Tex.

AUGUST 12, 1862.- Capture of the Breaker and destruction of the Hannah in Corpus Christi Bay, Texas.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Captain John Harding, of the capture of the Breaker.

Numbers 2.-Captain Jack Sands, of the destruction of the Hannah.

Numbers 1. Report of Captain John Harding, of the capture of the Breaker.

CORPUS CHRISTI, TEX., August 27, 1862.

On the evening of August 11 I was directed by Major A. M. Hobby to take on board of the Breaker Captain Jones and a party of men from his battalion. On Captain Jones, accompanied by Lieutenant Vinyard and party, coming on board, he informed me that he was sent in charge of the boat for the purpose of watching the movements of the enemy, then engaged in removing the obstructions in the channel. Got under way and proceeded to McGloin's Bluffs, where we anchored for the night.

Next morning got under way and stood down in the direction of the enemy; discovered them at work on the obstructions; stood down about three-quarters of a mile of them, took a look, came around, and stood back about a quarter of a mile and came to anchor. Just as we came to, discovered that they had removed the last of the obstructions. Their large schooner made all sail and stood up the channel. I immediately got under way and made all sail for Corpus Christi. Soon discovered that the enemy were overhauling us, and thought it best to make for the nearest shore (Indian Point), being about 6 miles distant. Just after passing McGloin's Bluffs they commenced firing on us, and continued to do so until the boat was beached and this party landed from her. I gave orders to have the boat fired some time before she was beached, knowing that at the rate she was sailing no injury could result to the party on board; but there was a clamor raised against me by the officers on board, who told me that Major Hobby gave them the command of the boat, and that they would not allow her to be fired until she was beached. A few minutes before she struck she was set on fire, and all of the party left as fast as they could, leaving me alone on board. I did everything that I could think of to aid in her destruction, but the enemy were too close after me and I had to leave, as I would have been killed or captured by staying longer. The enemy sent a boat alongside, put out the fire, and towed her off.

Respectfully,

JOHN HARDING,

Captain.

