
comfiture was a source of great mortification. A more full report will be forwarded at an early day. The damage to the town is inconsiderable. We had but 1 man killed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.

Captain C. M. MASON,

A. A. A. G., Dept. of Texas, San Antonio, Tex.
HDQRS. SUB-MIL. DIST. OF THE RIO GRANDE,Corpus Christi, Tex., August 26, 1826.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I proceeded to within 4 miles of the anchorage of the fleet of the enemy on yesterday, and, except witnessing the arrival of a large schooner from sea, found the fleet all quiet. There are now eight vessels of all sizes lying within the bar at Aransas Pass. It was impossible to ascertain anything about the new arrival. She seemed to be a large a merchant schooner, probably loaded with supplies and men, but may be a mortar boat. I have sent a spy onto Mustang Island to ascertain her character and hope to report it for this mail.

There has been no movement by the enemy since their repulse from this place. The steamer was much injured, as her steam-pumps were heard during the day and night she consumed in passing through the canal. I examined the Shell Bank and found that it would be untenable even if cannon could be placed on it, which, from its proximity to the fleet and in full view of them, would be impossible, it being 3 miles from water and the guns of the enemy covering its approach; nor is there any other point adjacent to the canal on which guns can be erected, owing to the low, marshy approaches; therefore all hopes of defending the narrow bayou and canal must be abandoned. The obstructions placed there proved no obstacle, as with the steam-power of their boat they were easily removed. I am making another effort to sink more permanent obstructions, which, if successful, will prevent at least any sudden attack, but if unsuccessful forces me to rely on the naturally-strong position of this place for its defense. The battery used in the late fight on the north side of the town was thrown up by General Taylor in 1845, of shell and sand, which, being solid and impenetrable to 32-pound shot, has proved an admirable defense. Another work of similar character is now complete on the south side of the town, both being on the water's edge. I shall at once erect another on the bluff overlooking the water batteries, and distant, say, 400 yards, which, completed, will be all that can be done.

I found great confusion existing in the quartermaster's, commissary, and ordnance departments here, owing to the inexperience of the officers, and deeming it indispensable for the public interest, I have appointed H. A. Gilpin, who distinguished himself in the late engagement and is a man of experience and business habits, to act as quartermaster and commissary at this point, subject to the approval of the general commanding, and respectfully request that the appointment may be confirmed. I have also appointed (subject to like approval) F. Blucher, major of Engineers, and charged him with the erection of the necessary defense of this place. He is a nephew of Marshal Blucher, and an educated soldier, and as civil engineer has resided many years

