
rifice of most of the men, I approve of the order of Major Hobby in restraining them, considering the object to be gained as not commensurate with the almost certain loss.

It is due to Captain Ware and his command to say that, with all its probable consequences, they were not only ready for the work and actually under fire, but were bitterly disappointed at losing the opportunity thus presented.

Foiled in all his plans, the enemy vented his spleen on the defenseless houses of the town for a short time and then withdrew, with his fleet badly crippled, but with what loss we have no means of knowing. Between 400 and 500 shot and shell were fired by the enemy.

One man killed and 1 wounded constitute the casualties among our troops. Major Hobby was struck on the head by a glancing ball, which inflicted but a slight wound. A great many houses in the town were struck, but the damage is slight.

Too much praise cannot be given to the patriotic citizens of Corpus Christi. They removed out into the woods with their families out of fire, and in tents and under trees calmly and confidently awaited the result. They have suffered many inconveniences and privations, especially for want of water, as the drought of this section has been unprecedented, yet they have set a laudable example to their countrymen and added another to the many instances of patriotism which this war has elicited. It is worthy of remark that the citizens of the surrounding counties, for a distance of 100 miles, attracted by the fire of the cannon, with their rifles in hand, repaired to the scene and tendered their services to the commanding officer, demonstrating that when the emergency arises their country can depend on them.

The defenses of the town have been materially strengthened and heavier guns added to the batteries, and should the enemy renew the attack I feel confident of reporting equally as successful a result.

The attention of the general commanding is specially called to the service rendered by Mr. William Mann, a young gentleman of this place, who, having served at Belmont, Columbus, and Island Numbers 10, brought all the experience of those well-fought fields to the assistance of his native city, and materially contributed by his gallantry and skill to the discomfiture of our enemies.

Major Buckner, a citizen of Corpus Christi, but an experienced soldier from the Old World, rendered useful service.

Judge H. A. Gilpin, chief justice of Nueces County, was much exposed, and rendered good service, as did many other citizens of the town.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier General, Prov. Army, Commanding Sub-Mil. Dist. of the Rio Grande.

Captain C. M. MASON, A. A. A. G., Department of Texas.

Numbers 2. Reports of Major A. M. Hobby, C. S. Army.
HDQRS. SUB-MIL. DIST. CORPUS CHRISTI AND ARANSAS,Corpus Christi, Tex., August 16, 1862.

SIR: In my communication of yesterday I reported the arrival of four Federal vessels in Corpus Christi Bay, they having removed the obstruc-

