
tion placed in the ship channel-the yacht Corypheus, Reindeer, Bella Italia, and steam gunboat. The yacht appeared off Ingleside at 4 p. m., chasing the Breaker, a pilot-boat in the Confederate service, which was just returning from a reconnoitering expedition, with a detachment of men under Captain R. E. Jones. To prevent her capture by the enemy she was run on shore at Indian Point, and the reconnoitering party effected their escape. The Breaker was fired some distance from shore, but unfortunately not in time to prevent her from falling into the hands of the enemy, who extinguished the flames. Eleven shots were fired at her during the chase. The Breaker is a small boat, carrying a crew of 3 men. The yacht then steered for Corpus Christi, standing close along the shore, and fired a shot at a detachment of Captain McCampbell's company, hauling a boat upon the beach. She came to anchor opposite the city, and was joined during the night by the remainder of the fleet.

At 9 o'clock this morning Captain Kittredge, in a launch, approached the wharf with a flag of truce, at which point I met him. He informed me that he had been ordered by the United States Government to examine the public buildings in the city and make an official report of their condition. I informed him that the United [States] Government owned no property in Corpus Christi, and that he should not be allowed to land. He replied that it was his prerogative to land when and where he pleased, under what he called the national ensign. I told him the Confederate Government recognized no such right, and I was here to prevent him from placing his foot upon our soil. He then desired to accompany me ashore or go alone under a white flag. Every proposition to land, under whatever pretext, was peremptorily rejected. He then demanded that the women and children should be removed beyond the limits of the town in twenty-four hours, as he intended to land with a force and execute his orders. I demanded forty-eight hours, which was finally agreed upon. He requested that the matter again be taken into consideration. The second interview resulted as did the first. One of the conditions of the armistice was that the forty-eight hours be exclusively devoted to the removal of the families from town, which I strictly complied with.

On the evening of the 15th the Federal fleet took position opposite the northern suburbs of the city in line of battle, within range from the shore. Immediately after dark I planted a battery of two guns (a 12 and 18 pounder) behind a strong fortification near the water's edge, and supported it by a detachment from Captain Ireland's company and my battalion, they furnishing also an extra detachment to move the guns.

At daylight on the 16th we opened on the enemy. Six shots were fired at the fleet before they replied. The enemy shelled the battery and the town furiously, doing, however, but little damage. At 9 o'clock we drove him from his position. Beyond the reach of our guns he repaired damages and mended sails rent by our shot. At 3 o'clock he again returned, and when within reach of our battery it opened on him, striking both yacht and steamer, and compelled them to withdraw beyond the reach of our guns. They contented themselves with shelling the battery during the remainder of the day.

Mr. William Mann volunteered his services in the battery, and I placed him in charge of the guns. By his coolness, courage, and judgment he elicited the admiration of all, and I herein acknowledge the value of his services in our gallant attack upon the enemy's boasted gunboats. With guns of inferior caliber and a smaller force than their own they were twice driven from their position, and resulted in their discomfiture. Five shots were seen to do execution. The enemy fired 296 times.

