
honorable enemy, and as such he is entitled to the consideration due to his situation by the terms of civilized warfare,

With great respect,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.

Brigadier General P. O. HEBERT,

Commanding Department of Texas.
HDQRS. SUB-MIL. DIST. OF THE RIO GRANDE,San Antonio, Tex., September 26, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward to the general commanding the Department of Texas a flag of the enemy, captured by a detachment of Confederate troops under command of Captain Ireland, on the waters of the Corpus Christi Bay.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General.

Captain C. M. MASON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, San Antonio, Tex.

Numbers 2. Report of Major E. F. Gray, C. S. Army.

CORPUS CHRISTI, TEX., September 16, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the expedition under Captain, John Ireland, of which I notified you in my last communication, has returned to this place successful. Inclosed I forward a copy of his official report, which will explain itself. I request that the special recommendations contained in his report may be considered as my own, without a repetition, as I am satisfied they are merited.

Major Hobby has been directed to accompany Lieutenant Kittredge to San Antonio and to be governed by your further directions. The other prisoners will be forwarded to-morrow with an escort. Inclose you Lieutenant Kittredge's parole.* I have informed him that he would be forwarded across the lines without delay. I would most respectfully request that my assurance may be complied with, or, rather, verified; yet he understands that everything remains subject to your decision. After his capture I communicated with his vessels under a flag of truce for the purpose of obtaining wearing apparel for him and for his men, which has been done. I consented that the vessels should approach and retire under a flag of truce.

Everything is progressing here to my satisfaction, and I hope to send you additional good news ere long. I will write again by mail.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. F. GRAY,

Major, Commanding.

Brigadier General H. P. BEE,

Commanding Sub-Mil. Dist. of the Rio Grande, San Antonio, Tex.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

40 R R-VOL IX

