
Numbers 3. Report of Captain John Ireland, C. S. Army.

CORPUS CHRISTI, TEX., September 15, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to your orders I left Corpus Christi at 8 p. m. on the 13th instant. I took with me one small piece of Captain Willke's battery, under Lieutenant Johnson, a detachment of 50 men from my own company, and Captain J. A. Ware. I proceeded to Flour Bluffs, 15 miles south of this place. Arrived there at 1.30 o'clock same night. I took two positions within half a mile of the enemy's gunboats, three in number. At one place I stationed Captain Ware with a detachment of 20 men, and the other I occupied with the remainder of my force. The position were selected with a view of commanding the channel leading to [Point] Penascal and of cutting off any force that might attempt to land. After throwing a number of shells at some unoffending citizens on shore the enemy landed, which he effected near the point where Captain Ware was posted. When the enemy were within musket-range Captain Ware advanced, and without firing a gun captured the party, consisting of Captain Kittredge, commanding blockading fleet off this coast, and 7 of his men. This occurred at 11 o'clock of the 14th.

It now being certain that they would not then attempt to enter Laguna de la Madre, and there being nothing further that I could accomplish by remaining, the line of march was resumed for this place. The enemy then threw some 40 or 50 shells, but without effect. I also captured 8 stand of arms-Enfield rifles, Colt's six-shooters, and 2 cutlasses.

I taken great pleasure in calling your attention to the efficient service and gallant conduct of Captain Ware, who obeyed orders with alacrity and executed them with great judgment. I desire also to call your attention to the gallantry of Private William Saffold, who in person captured Captain Kittredge. I have also to acknowledge valuable services rendered by four of Captain Ware's cavalry as guides.

The enemy's boats immediately left the bay.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

JNO IRELAND,

Captain, Commanding Expedition.

Major E. F. GRAY, Commanding.

CORRESPONDENCE, ORDERS, AND RETURNS RELATING TO OPERATIONS IN TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA FROM FEBRUARY 1 TO SEPTEMBER 18, 1862.

UNION CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Belen, N. Mex., January 28, 1862.

[MEMORANDUM, Numbers 116.]

As the bulk of the enemy's force is mounted, it is to be expected that his principal efforts will be directed to attempt to cripple the means of transportation by attacking the trains, or impede the operations of the

