
troops by stampeding the animals, or subjecting the men to the annoyance of night attack. These will, of course, be guarded against by the usual precautions, but the colonel commanding desires that commanders will impress upon their men that these attacks are be feared only when they succeed in throwing a portion of the command into confusion and in forcing their way within the lines, and that in this event they should be enjoined to repel the enemy by the use of the bayonet or clubbed musket, and not by firing, which is more likely to endanger their friends than enemies. In any encounter with the enemy's horsemen the main reliance of the infantry should be in their bayonets. An infantry soldier who is cool is more than a match for a horseman, and in groups they are safe against any number.

Four days' rations will habitually be carried in the company wagons and the remainder in the supply train.

By order of Colonel E. R. S. Canby:

WM. J. L. NICODEMUS,

Captain, Twelfth Infantry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, January 29, 1862.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Inclosed herewith is a copy of a telegraphic dispatch which I had honor to transmit to you yesterday; also copy of extract from a letter from Mr. Thomas Robinson, a resident of Guaymas, Sonora. This extract was presented to me by Mr. Flint, of this city, a gentleman of standing and reliability, connected with the steamship line between this place and Guaymas. From the best information in my possession at this moment I am disposed to believe that the views taken by Mr. Robinson as to the intended movements of the rebel forces are in the main correct. The large force I am assembling in the southern portion of this State, preparatory to an advance from Fort Yuma, will doubtless cause the rebel leaders to deflect from their line of operations and, if possible, gain the port of Guaymas. To frustrate all such attempts I deem it of the first importance that a strong force should be thrown into that city, aided by the presence of a few ships of war. I propose to open a correspondence with the Governor of Sonora on this subject, and I am assured by the best authority that our temporary occupation of Guaymas or any portion of the State, to protect it from the inroads of the rebels, would be cheerfully acquiesced in by the authorities and people of that country.

The storm has somewhat abated for a few days past. To-day it is raining again, and the roads are not in a condition to advance my expeditionary forces to Fort Yuma. However, it is only a question of time. We will be successful.

I have no special news from the District of Oregon. All was quiet in that quarter when last heard from. The winter has been unusually severe, and the navigation of the Columbia River entirely obstructed by ice.

The Legislature of California is now in session in this city, compelled to abandon Sacramento temporarily.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

