
through Sonora, and our State will be pleased to forward the views of the United States Government or its representatives. You can assure General Wright that all my influence and that of my friends will be used in favor [of] his forces.

Yours, sincerely,

THOS, ROBINSON.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., February 3, 1862.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State:

SIR: I am directed by the Secretary of War to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 29th instant, inclosing copies of letters from the Secretary of the Navy and the United States consul at Havana, and suggesting that, should the exigencies of the public service permit, a military force of observation be posted opposite to or near Matamoros, on the Rio Grande; that he referred your communication and inclosure to Major-General McClellan, who reports as follows, viz:

The occupation of Brazos de Santiago and Brownsville is important and desirable for many reasons. It would not be prudent, however, to attempt it without force sufficient to hold points farther north and east. We have not the disposable force at the present moment, nor would it do to risk a detached force in so remote a position, without retreat or succor, until certain that our foreign relations are entirely satisfactory.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, February 7, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I inclose for your information a copy of a letter of the 11th ultimo, addressed to this Department by the Governor of the Territory of New Mexico.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Acting Secretary.

[Inclosure.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Santa Fe, N. Mex., January 11, 1862.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Since my last, of the 4th instant, there has nothing taken place in relation to the Texans that merits attention. They retired precipitately from the settlement of Alamosa, 30 miles below Fort Craig, and have made no demonstration against that place. Since Colonel Canby has divided his forces, leaving about one-half at Craig, and has or is about to take a position midway between Craig and the Pecos River, so as to enable him to act in conjunction with the forces at Union on the Pecos, or with those at Craig on the Rio del Norte, as circumstances may require, I am of opinion that there are no Texan forces on the Pecos; but this is merely an opinion, the truth of falsehood of which will be revealed within a few days.

The spy companies sent in that direction ten or twelve days since have not returned. We have no fears of any armed force that Texas

