
aware, at Fort Wise, under command of Lieutenant Colonel S. F. Tappan. I have written to Colonel Tappan to hold himself in readiness to join his regiment in case you desire it. I think that in the present state of things at that post it might be easily held by a detachment of Mexican troops; in which case three very efficient, two of infantry and one of cavalry, could be added to your force.

Feeling that it was possible that you might desire these troops, I have written to Colonel Tappan to consider himself under your orders. I trust that this course will be agreeable to you.

You will find this regiment, I hope, a most efficient one and of great support to you. It has had, of course, no experience in the field, but I trust that their enthusiasm and patriotic bravery will make amends, and more than that, for their lack of active service in the past.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

LEWIS WELD,

Secretary and Acting Governor of Colorado Territory.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Fort Craig, N. Mex., February 14, 1862.

To the ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF THE ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to state that since my report of the 10th instant* the Confederate forces have been moving slowly up the river, and are now about 20 miles below this place. From spies captured yesterday by our pickets their entire force is estimated at 3,000 men. I have now at this post, including the New Mexican Volunteers and Militia, nearly 4,000. The Mexican population appear to be animated by a very good spirit.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Colonel Nineteenth Infantry, Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NEW MEXICO,Camp near Fort Craig, N. Mex., February 22, 1862,

Colonel E. R. CANBY,

Commanding U. S. Forces in the Territory of New Mexico:

COLONEL: I desire hereby to accredit to you Lieutenant Colonel William R. Scurry, of the Fourth, and Captain D. W. Shannon, of the Fifth, Regiment of Texas Mounted Volunteers, in the service of the Confederate States.

These gentleman are dispatched under flag of truce, to hold communication with you upon matters pertaining to the military service of our respective Governments, in regard to which they will express to you my views and purposes.

I commend them as officers and gentleman to your highest esteem and confidence.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier General Army of C. S., Commanding Army of New Mexico.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

