
teered for the purpose, was detached last night with the militia, and charged with the duty of superintending the removal of the public property, procuring supplies, and collecting troops for future operations.

The enemy still occupies a position near the battle-field. His intentions are not yet developed; but as a demand for a surrender has been made, I anticipate, of course, an attempt to enforce it. If it should be made, I have no apprehensions as to the result.

Our loss in killed, wounded, and missing is somewhat greater than I supposed when my report of yesterday was made. The wounds, however, are generally of a light character, and the proportion that will terminate fatally will be small.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Colonel Nineteenth Infantry, Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,ACTING INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Santa Fe., N. Mex., February 28, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding the Dept. of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: I wrote to you fully and freely, as acting inspector-general of this Territory and a member of Colonel Canby's staff, in order that you may have a proper view of the situation of affairs here.

This communication would have been sent to General Hunter, as a nearer military commander, had it not suggested itself that possibly he would be absent on the field when this communication should have reached his headquarters.

You will probably learn from the telegraph, from rumor, and from other sources that we have had a most desperate and bloody struggle with the Texans, and that, notwithstanding the great loss upon their part, we have lost one light battery and retreated to Fort Craig-Colonel Canby did everything which man could do to retake his battery and thus save the day. He beseeched and begged, ordered and imperatively commanded, troops to save his guns, and a deaf ear met alike his supplications and commands. Our loss is great; 4 officers killed-Captains McRae and Stone, Lieutenant Mishler, and Captain Bascom. Stone was first wounded and has since died; Captain Wingate, leg shattered; Lieutenant McDermott, volunteers, killed. Our loss, as far as ascertained up to the present moment, is 62 killed and about 140 wounded.*

The loss of the enemy is 150 killed and 450 wounded. Major Donaldson thinks they lost over 100 killed in front of McRae's battery. The enemy is now above Colonel Canby, on the Rio Grande, and of course has cut him from all communication with his supplies. It is needless to say that this country is in a critical condition. The militia have all run away and the New Mexican Volunteers are deserting in large numbers. No dependence whatever can be placed on the natives; they are worse than worthless; they are really aids to the enemy, who catch them, take their arms, and tell them to go home.

A force of Colorado Volunteers is already on the way to assist us, and they may possibly arrive in time to save us from immediate danger; but, my dear sir, we must look to the future. The conquest of it (New

---------------

*But see p. 493

---------------

