
should the Territory be abandoned to the enemy; for I feel no disposition to be taken prisoner by them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY CONNELLY.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, D. C., March 4, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I transmit for your information a copy of a letter of the 31st of January last, addressed to this Department by Henry Connelly, esq., the Governor of the Territory of New Mexico.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

[Inclosure.]

SOCORRO, N. MEX., January 31, 1862.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I wrote you on the 25th instant that I should leave the day following for the theater of war, Fort Craig, having left the major-general of divisions of the militia actively engaged in organizing and sending into the field all the disposable militia force in the Territory. I have daily intelligence from them, and from appearances there will be and additional force of 1,500 men with us within five days. The forces of Texas have fallen back to Fort Thorn, 75 miles below Fort Craig, and I think it very doubtful whether they will give us battle this side of that place. Colonel Canby left here yesterday with 1,500 men for Craig, 35 miles distant, and will increase the number of men at that place to 3,000. We have now no fears of any serious reverse to our arms. The whole Texan force is concentrated at and near Fillmore, Robledo, and Thorn, distant from each other 25 miles. We have a force at Craig equal to theirs, and with the militia now en route will have fully 1,000 men more. Whether Colonel Canby will advance upon them I have no idea, but think he will pursue a prudential course until he is sure of success. The proclamation of General Sibley, to the people of this Territory,* which has been found in considerable numbers scattered through the villages in this part of the Territory, has, when found, been universally delivered to the military commander, without having circulated among the people any number of copies. I have none by me, or I would inclose you one. It will have no effect, even if circulated. I am sure the Territory is safe at present, and only by re-enforcements, which the enemy in all probability will never obtain, can there be any danger of a great disaster to our arms. A great inconvenience will always be felt by having to keep so many men under arms to meet and repel this force of the enemy which is threatening our borders. Perhaps a few days or weeks may lead to new developments, and teach us more of their plans and their means of executing them.

I have remained at this place a few days to await the arrival of the militia now en route from the counties above. When they arrive much more will be known as to the position and intentions of the enemy than we now know, and then, in co-operation with Colonel Canby, will be

---------------

*Reference is probably to proclamation printed on p. 89, Series I, Vol. IV.

---------------

