
able to determine upon the course most prudent to be pursued. I will keep you advised of anything worthy of note that may take place. The enemy is in straitened circumstances, both as to subsistence and forage, and will have to advance upon us with a hope of success, or forage upon Mexico for the means of subsistence. It is said they are in doubt which course of the two presents the fairer prospect of success.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY CONNELLY,

Governor of New Mexico.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, D. C., March 11, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy of dispatch Numbers 3, received on the 7th instant, from Franklin Chase, esq., United States consul at Tampico, recommending the capture and occupation of Brownsville, Tex., by our forces. Believing as I do that such occupation is necessary to prevent the injury to our Government which would ensue from the unrestricted intercourse between Tampico and the Southern States, I beg to commend the subject to your consideration, and to suggest that you confer with the Secretary of the Navy in regard to it, to whom I have also written and inclosed a copy of Mr. Chase's dispatch.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

[Inclosure.]

CONSULATE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,

Tampico, January 24, 1862.

Honorable F. W. SEWARD,

Asst. Secy. of State of the United States, &amp;c., Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to report to you that since the commencement of this month the military and civil authorities have been busily engaged in making preparations to vacate this place. All the forts and fortified points have been dismantled, and vast quantities of armament have been embarked in vessels and lighters, and sent as far up the river as practicable. About fourteen pieces of light artillery have been detained to cover the retirement of the forces under General Tapia the moment the allied forces appear of the bar.

The civil authorities here, who acted as chiefs in revolt against the late elected Governor, Don Jesus Serna, on hearing of the success of the opposite party at Matamoros and the city of Victoria, closed their offices and disappeared from the place. These occurrences took place on the 17th instant, and on that day General Tapia took formal possession of the offices thus vacated, viz: Collector of customs, Governor of the State, and that of the political chief or prefect.

At the instance of the President of this Republic all the archives of the different offices have been sent to this consulate and to the stores belonging to my premises, which I received as an act of kindness toward these distracted people.

On the 18th instant a schooner, called the Lord Lyons, under the British flag, arrived in this port, in fifteen days from Matamoros. I

41 R R-VOL IX

