
have ascertained that this vessel was formerly called the Sultan, belonging to Key West, and that her nationality was changed at the British consulate at Havana. She is only 57 16/95 tons burden, laden with 720 pigs of lead and a quantity of goat-skins, with a clearance for Nassau, N. P., notwithstanding she had 9 passengers on board for Havana.

I have intimated to General Tapia the expediency of detaining the lead brought by the Lord Lyons, who assured me that he would consult with the district judge, and if he considered it contraband of war it should not leave the port; but I have lost all confidence in these people, and we must only look to our own resources for the means of our national security.

The sloop Warrior, mentioned in my Numbers 29, 27th ultimo, has been made over to a Mr. David Jolley, British merchant of this place, and furnished with authority to sail under the flag of the nation by Her Majesty's consul here.

The secession schooner Clarinda, Sherffins master, arrived here from Sabine in the early part of this month with a cargo of lumber and left in ballast on the 18th instant, the exportation of arms and provisions having been denied her.

By the inclosed copy of the letter from John M. Coe, esq., you will be informed of the movements of our enemies in the interior of this Republic.

The people of New Orleans have conceived a plan for the purpose of expediting the transmission of their correspondence with foreign nations through the medium of this port, and to effect that object they have sent Mr. Augustine Leona as commissioner to this place, to provide the means of connecting as express with the monthly British mail steamers. I may add that this port is now becoming the medium for all persons wishing to return to the Southern States who do not like to incur the risk of attempting to force the blockade, and as we are now momentarily expecting the place to fall under the rule of European powers, incalculable injury may accrue to our Government unless this intercourse can be interrupted by the capture and occupation of Brownsville by our forces.

Permit me now to impress upon your mind the importance of having this coast closely guarded by our ships of war, with instructions to communicate with the consulates at least semi-monthly, assuring you that no other means can effectually put a final check to military supplies going into the hands of our enemies.

I am, with great esteem and respect, sir, your most obedient servant,

FRANKLIN CHASE.

[Inclosure.]

ZACATECAS, January 2, 1862.

FRANKLIN CHASE, Esq., Tampico:

MY DEAR SIR: On my arrival here yesterday I was informed that a certain individual named J. E. Schenck, a German by birth, and an American citizen, was actively purchasing ammunition of war for the Southern Confederacy. To-day I met the same person at one of the commercial houses of this place, where he has purchased 130 flasks quicksilver, some saltpeter, sulphur, and all the percussion caps he has been able to obtain. I have been assured that he leaves in a few days for Matamoros.

