
I have thought it my duty to communicate this intelligence to you as a representative of the United States.

Hoping you may be able to communicate the same to our Government, I remain, dear sir, yours, very truly,

JOHN M. COE.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, March 11, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I inclose for perusal two letters, dated respectively the 5th and 11th ultimo, addressed to this Department by Henry Connelly, esq., Governor of the Territory of New Mexico.

Please cause them to be returned when you may no longer have occasion for them.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

FORT CRAIG, N. MEX., February 5, 1862.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State:

SIR: I arrived at this place to-day, having delayed three days in Socorro waiting the arrival of the first column of the militia called out under my recent order. With that column I came in company. Within four or five days the entire militia force will be in the immediate neighborhood of this post. The exact number I cannot at this time state except by approximation; not less, however, than 1,000, and perhaps as many as 1,500, consisting of our principal citizens.

The Texans have made no demonstrations upon this post since my last, and in fact nothing new has been heard from them.

We expect to hear something certain within two days, as spies are out to ascertain if possible their exact position, and something reliable as to their preparations to move against the forces of the Territory now assembled at this place. Colonel Canby, I think, has not determined whether he will march against them, but most likely will resolve according to the information he may receive by the spies, whose return is daily expected.

There is now, or will be within a few days, a force concentrated at this place of 4,500 men, 3,500 of which are volunteers and militia. This force is fully equal to the protection of the Territory against the forces of Texas north of the desert of Jornada, but it might be a question as to the propriety of advancing upon them at disadvantage at so great a distance from all resources in the event of a reverse to our arms.

The matter will be duly considered by Colonel Canby, and in his good judgment we all have entire confidence. There is something not well understood in the late movements of the Texans; their falling back rather precipitately from all their positions on the Rio Grande north of Robledo, when we all expected a forward movement of the whole force upon this place, has created some surprise, and is attributed to various motives; such as disaffected feeling among the men, to the unexpected force of citizen soldiery arrayed against them, and to the prevalence of small-pox to an alarming degree in their ranks. Perhaps something of all these causes may have contributed to change their

