
have only to say at present that our department is conducted satisfactorily. We have everything which is needed for the wounded.

Captain W. A. Van Vliet, assistant quartermaster, has furnished us with 100 blankets and 50 bed-sacks. Fifty-six men killed on the field, including 9 volunteers. One hundred and forty men were brought to the hospitals wounded, 17 of whom have since died. The wounded are treated in five hospitals, established in the officers' and company quarters, and under the charge of the following medical officers: 1st, Dr. B. A. Clements; 2nd, Dr. S. Rankin; 3rd, Dr. J. H. Bill; 4th, Dr. E. Arnold; 5th, Dr. J. H. Shout. Up to the 2nd of March I had charge of Hospital 5, including five amputations in a separate ward. I had also charge of Captain Wingate, Captain Stone, and Captain Mortimore, severely wounded, and Lieutenant McDermott, disabled by a deep flesh wound in the thigh.

I was attacked on the 2nd instant with pneumonia, and was compelled to take my bed, since which time Dr. Shout has been in charge of part of my duties and Dr. Clements with the rest. Dr. Shout remained until very late on the battle-field, and was unable to attend to his duties for several days afterward. Dr. Bill, having been assigned to duty as post surgeon, has been exclusively occupied with the sick of the garrison. His industry and experience have rendered him very useful in that field. I will write you more in full as soon as I feel able. I will forward my report of sick in a day or two. Articles needed for the wounded of another battle are lint, muslin, tow, field stretchers with handles, pulveris licii, and dressings of every description. Mattresses will be very much needed, and I recommend that woolen ones be made. We have been compelled to seize all the mattresses of the garrison. The mattresses allowed by the supply table would not be sufficient for the minimum number of severely wounded to be expected after any battle. Liquors we have found very useful, and I would recommend another supply purchased for future occasions. Ether and chloroform are indispensable, and should be preserved with the greatest care.

I have purchased of the sutler of this post 200 yards of muslin and 40 yards of canton flannel, which is a tolerable substitute for lint. Our wounded are doing well, and if we are ordered to move, all but about 15 could be easily conveyed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BASIL NORRIS,

Assistant Surgeon, U. S. Army,

Medical Director and Purveyor of Troops in the Field.

E. I. BAILY, Surgeon, U. S. Army,

Medical Director, Dept. of New Mexico, Santa Fe, N. Mex.

[FORT CRAIG], March 7, 1862.

MAJOR: Our wounded are all doing well and the men are in good spirits. We have supplies of every kind for two months, except flour, and that we can eke out for fifty, or, if necessary, sixty days. Do not trust the Mexican troops. If the Colorado or Kansas or California troops have not joined you, do not risk an engagement until they do.

I have sent you three messengers to advise you of my movements, but they have not returned.

Yours, &amp;c.,

ED. R. S. CANBY.

Major JAMES L. DONALDSON.

