
lief of New Mexico, and I would respectfully call your attention to the situation of our little army here, and assure you of the necessity of large re-enforcements.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. R. PAUL,

Colonel Fourth Regiment, New Mexico Vols., Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Fort Craig, N. Mex., March 18, 1862.

Colonel J. P. SLOUGH,

First Colorado Volunteers:

SIR: Keep your command prepared to make a junction with this force. I will indicate the time and route. Move with as little baggage as possible. Take no tents and only the camp equipage essential for comfort and efficiently. Ammunition, at least 100 cartridges per man and gun. To save transportation, take only bread and meat, coffee and sugar. Reduce the flour and increase the fresh meat ration. Increase the coffee and sugar for guards and pickets. Do not rely upon the New Mexican troops except for garrisons and for partisan operations. Impress upon your men not to place too much confidence in their battery, but to rely upon the musket, and especially upon the bayonet. Be on your guard against attempts to cripple your operations by stampeding your animals. If you have been joined by a sufficient force to act independently against the enemy, advise me of your plans and movements, that I may co-operate. In this you must be governed by your own judgment and discretion, but nothing must be left to chance. There is no necessity for a premature movement on account of this post. We have flour to last until the 10th of next month (April), and it can be made to last until the end. I am jerking beef to serve as bread. Of all other supplies we have enough for three months. The question is not of saving this post, but of saving New Mexico and defeating the Confederates in such a way that an invasion of this Territory will never again be attempted. It is essential to the general plan that this post should be retained if possible. Fort Union must be held and our communications with the East kept open. If you move, a reliable garrison must be left in it. The communication by Fort Garland should also be kept open. If it cannot, that post should be destroyed. All other points are of no importance. While waiting for re-enforcements harass the enemy by partisan operations. Obstruct his movements and cut off his supplies. Use the mounted volunteers for these purposes and keep the regular cavalry in reserve. Feed their horses well.

This post will be retained until the last moment. If forced to abandon it everything will be destroyed, and I will move without incumbrances. The sick and wounded will be left at Limitar. Advise me of the arrival of re-enforcements; what troops are en route; when they are expected. Send carriers daily and by different routes-duplicates or triplicates of important communications by different couriers. Reports in relation to plans and movements will be made in cipher. Colonel Paul will give you the key. Keep the Adjutant-General advised of the state of affairs in this department.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Colonel Nineteenth Infantry, Commanding Department.

