
leave my place here vacant, and without money and without price aid all I can to forward the movement. I do not wish any command, but will go and aid the command or commandant all in my power if it should be thought best for me to do so.

With kind regards, I remain, yours, &amp;c.,

JOHN S. WATTS,

Delegate for New Mexico.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Las Vegas, March 23, 1862.

Hon. W. H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington City:

SIR: Since my last from Fort Union, dated 11th instant, there has occurred nothing indicating a speedy encounter with the enemy until this time. To-day the whole force from Denver City, Colo., together with the Territorial forces, numbering 1,400 men in all, will leave this place in the direction of the enemy, but I am informed will go but a short distance until they receive further communications, and orders from Colonel Canby, who still remains at Fort Craig. These orders are daily expected, and with them a simultaneous movement of the two forces, so as to reach the position of the enemy on the same day.

There has been some little discord in relation to the movement now made from Union, in consequence of the want of orders from Colonel Canby. Major Paul, in command at Union, was of opinion that the orders of Colonel Canby were essential to an effective forward movement from Union; whereas Colonel Slough, in command of the forces from Colorado, was of opinion that an advance of a day or more march in advance could lead to no evil, and would curtail the limits of the enemy, and mayhap lead to the expulsion of the enemy from the capital, now occupied by about 100 men, with two pieces of artillery. I think this slight difference of opinion and movement will lead to no unfavorable results, as Colonel Slough will advance upon the road that the enemy will necessarily have to march to reach Union, should an attempt be made upon that place, which seems to be the fear entertained by Colonel Paul.

The enemy in force are now occupying a pass in the mountains east of Albuquerque, some 15 miles, called Carnavel, with a view, doubtless, to prevent the junction of the commands from Union and Craig, near which the commands will have to pass in order to form a junction. The forces in either command are nearly equal to those of the enemy, but I presume that Colonel Canby desires to avoid an engagement with them until he unites the two commands. I am sorry to say that the Texans have not behaved with the moderation that was expected, and that desolation has marked their progress on the Rio Grande from Craig to Bernalillo. Exactions and confiscations are of daily occurrence, and the larger portion of those who have anything to give or to lose are here on this frontier, seeking a refuge from their rapacity, and have left their houses and contents a prey to the invaders.

My own house, 90 miles from Santa Fe, was despoiled of its entire contents, including a valuable stock of goods, together with everything in the way of subsistence. On yesterday here arrived at this place some 20 of our most prosperous and respectable citizens from the neighborhood of Albuquerque and Bernalillo, who had fled from the exactions of Sibley; among the number of gentleman of eighty years of age,

