
I once more urge upon the War Department strong re-enforcements of at least 4,000 men and several batteries of the best cannon.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. R. PAUL,

Colonel Fourth Regiment, N. Mex. Vols., Commanding Dist.

[Inclosure A.]

MARCH 9, 1862.

COLONEL: I shall move from Fort Union with 1,200 American and four guns on the 24th, and be at Anton Chico on the 26th. If you leave Fort Craig on the 20th you can be at Punta del Agua on 24th and Berenda Spring on the 25th; on 26th make a forced march, and on 27th we can unite our forces. If no danger threatens I shall await you at Anton Chico, but if it does I shall move to meet you. I shall have provisions for you. Do not fail to meet at the time designated, for everything depends on your uniting with me. To throw the enemy off his guard move your mounted men and two guns 30 or 40 miles up the river above La Joya, to convey the idea that you are about to attack his rear. This will compel him to concentrate, and under cover of this move by Socorro and road to Abo Pass Punta del Agua, and before the enemy can unite and attack us separately we can from a junction. Send you express to meet me on the road to Anton Chico. Leave you sick and wounded at Fort Craig if they impede your march.

G. R. PAUL.

[Inclosure B.]

MARCH 16.

Place no reliance on the New Mexican troops except for partisan operations, and then only when the main operations will not be affected by the result. Concentrate will reliable troops until the re-enforcements from Kansas, Colorado, and California arrive. If in sufficient force to operate directly upon the enemy, advise me of your plans, in order that I may co-operate. Fort Union must be held and our communication with the East kept open. Fort Garland is not so important. If it cannot be held, it should be destroyed. All other points are of no importance. While awaiting re-enforcements harass the enemy by partisan operations; obstruct his movements, and remove or destroy any supplies that might fall into his hands. This post must be held in order to cut off his retreat. Our supplies will last until the 10th of next month (April), can be made to last until the end. If it is necessary to abandon the post, everything will be destroyed. I will move from the post at the last moment, and without incumbrances of any kind. The sick and wounded will be left at Limitar. In this case it will be necessary to effect a junction with your command. I will indicate the route and point of junction verbally and by several messengers. Keep the Adjutant-General advised of the state of affairs in the department and advise me of the arrival of re-enforcements. Do not move from Fort Union to meet me until I advise you of the route and point of junction.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Colonel.

