
care of the wounded, an opportunity was thereby offered to ascertain the loss of the enemy and their subsequent movements. As I had anticipated, they fled in confusion from the field and returned to Santa Fe, not having on an average 10 rounds of ammunition to the man, the whole of the ammunition having been destroyed in the train that ws burned by Major Chivington on the day of the battle. So it turned out that had our troops advanced the day after the battle it would have led to the entire capture or dispersion of the enemy's force in the neighborhood of Santa Fe.

This opportunity has been lost, and we have again to try the fortune of another battle. Upon hearing of the defeat of the troops under the command of Colonel Scurry and their retreat to Santa Fe, General Sibley sent a re-enforcemnts of 500 men from Albuquerque, which re-enforcement reached Santa Fe two days since, together with as much ammunition and provisions as could be spared from that quarter. These troops, united with those lately routed from the Apache Canon, I do not think will pass 1,500 men,and perhaps not reach that number. With these I have no doubt that an attempt will be made either to defend Santa Fe or make a stand again in the canon 15 miles this side, which can be defended by a smaller against a superior force, acting only on that defensive.

We have certain intelligence that Colonel Canby has left Fort Craig, and on the 1st of this month, so that by to-day he must be at or on this side of Albuquerque. The troops from Union will also leave to-day for Santa Fe or to form a junction with Colonel Canby by concert. The junction will be formed as the situation of the enemy and his strength will permit. It may be at or near the cannon before mentioned, say to Gallisteo, 15 miles of Santa Fe, or in the more immediate neighborhood of that city.

Certain it is that we are on the eye of another battle, which will be decisive, as all our forces, save a few left a Craig, will be in the field and also whole available force of the enemy. I do not doubt the result. We shall triumph. Our troops are more in numbers, buoyant with the late success, and resolved to drive the enemy from the Territory.

The loss of the enemy in the late encounter does not fall short of 400 men in killed, wounded,and missing. Many officers of high grade, 1 colonel, said to be Green or McNeill, 2 majors, 1 captain and 2 lieutenants killed on the field. Three captains (Shannon, Wells, and Scott), 8 lieutenants not given, taken prisoners. Their wounded are in a hard condition on the late field of battle, without medicine, medical aid, or the necessary subsistence, and are said to be near 200 in numbers.

By next mail I hope to give you the welcome intelligence of a final and decisive victory over the enemy.

I have the honor to remain,sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY CONNELLY,

Governor of New Mexico.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, April 8, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith for your information an

