
extract from a dispatch (No. 3), dated March 21, received this day from Mr. Leonard Pierce, jr., United States consul at Matamoros, Mexico, relative to the prospect of a battle near Austin, Tex., between loyal and disloyal citizens of that State.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

[Inclosure.]

CONSULATE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, Matamoros, Mexico, March 21, 1862.

Hon. W. H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: * * * The Union men in Texas are becoming bolder, and a battle is expected in the neighborhood of Austin and San Antonio.

I am continually besieged with refugees and deserters; most of them without funds, who expect me to send them North. For many I have procured situations, where they can earn a subsistence, and others I have to provide for to the best of my ability.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

L. PIERCE, JR.,

United States Consul.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., April 9, 1862.

Hon. W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State:

SIR: By direction of the Secretary of War, I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of yesterday, inclosing an extract from a dispatch of the United States at Matamoros, Mexico, and to say that the suggestion contained therein will receive the consideration of this Department.

Very respectfully,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Las Vegas, April 11, 1862.

Hon. W. H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I informed you in my communication of the 6th instant that the troops from Union had marched forward in the direction of the enemy, at that time in and around Santa Fe, having been re-enforced by the remnant of their forces under General Sibley from Albuquerque. On the 7th and 8th instant all our forces had concentrated at Bernal Springs, 20 miles west of this place, and from there marched on the 9th toward the capital. At San Jose, 7 miles distant, they were met by a flag of truce, borne by Major A. M. Jackson and other officer high in rank, the object and purport of which have not come to my knowledge. Enough is known, however, to enable me to say that nothing asked for under flag of truce was granted, and our troops marched hastily on, Colonel Paul having disposed of the bearers of the flag in a very short

