
conference. But a few hours after leaving San Jose Colonel Paul received information direct from Santa Fe that the whole Texan force had evacuated that place and were then marching hurriedly toward Albuquerque, leaving behind them all their wounded. The information also confirms the intelligence that I gave you in my last to the great loss of the enemy on the 28th ultimo in the engagement with our forces on that day. It now appears certain that their loss exceeded my calculation, not falling short of 450 in killed, wounded, and prisoners, so that when they had collected the fragments of their dispersed forces together in Santa Fe (and this was not done until at the end of three days) it was ascertained that out of 1,200 men that had been engaged in the conflict of that day not more than 750 could be found ready for duty. This number, united with the force brought by Sibley from Albuquerque - say 400 men - constitutes the whole Texans force now in the Territory.

Colonel Canby left Albuquerque on the 7th instant, and is presumed to be in his way to the capital either by the way of the river or on the east side of the mountains by the way of the Placer. In either event an encounter with the enemy is inevitable. His movements are all now in concert with those of the forces from Union under Colonel Paul. The enemy is between them, and but a short distance from either. A desperate effort will be made either to defeat Colonel Canby or elude his forces before Colonel Paul's command arrives in their rear and to Colonel Canby's assistance. The force of Colonel Canby now with him is about equal to that of the enemy - say 1,100 or 1,200 - 900 of whom are regulars, so that we may not fear any serious reverse before Colonel Paul can arrive upon the ground and aid in the capture of the entire Texan force now in the Territory. It is very sure that the Texans are now in full flight, but if not permitted by Colonel Canby to pass round him, I have no doubt but that they will give him battle, and attempt to force their passage down the river to Fort Craig, and thence out of the Territory.

The road to the capital is now clear of the enemy and his spies, and there is not a Texan in Santa Fe except the wounded, one surgeon, and a few attendants. I have this from a gentleman direct from Santa Fe, who left there the day after the evacuation by the enemy,and to whom every credence can be given. I shall leave to-morrow for the capital, and from there, by next mail, I hope to be able to give you the intelligence that the enemy are either captured or dispersed.

We are greatly indebted to the command under Colonel Slough, from Denver City,for this favorable result in our struggle with the Texan invaders. Their defeat and utter annihilation is now sure, and I think it will be the last attempt upon the Territory from that quarter.

I am sorry to say that the Indians during the last three months have entirely desolated the Territory of all the stock within their reach, having advanced as far east as the Canadian, a point far in advance of all their former depredations.

I have the honor to remain,sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY CONNELLY,

Governor New Mexico.

[Copy furnished to War Department by Secretary of State May 6, 1862.]

