
I tender to you, sir the best guarantee of the future prosperity of New Mexico in assuring you of the junction of my command at an early hour with the forces under General Canby, and I am confident that the rebel troops will be driven before us.

Your Excellency will be glad to know that the Union troops on entering Santa Fe were received with public demonstrations of joy.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. R. PAUL,

Colonel Fourth Regiment New Mexico Vols., Commanding Dist.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NEW MEXICO, No. 30. Camp near Peralta, N. Mex., April 16, 1862.

I. Colonel G. R. Paul, Fourth New Mexico Volunteers, is assigned to the command of the first column, and Colonel Chivington, First Colorado Volunteers, to the command of the second column, of the Union Army of New Mexico.

II. Colonel B. S. Roberts, Fifth New Mexico Volunteers, is assigned to the command of that part of New Mexico including the Central, Northern, and Santa Fe Districts, and charged with the duty of establishing garrisons and taking such other measures as may be necessary for the security of public property and the restoration of order at the point recently occupied by Confederate forces.

III. Captain R. M. Morris, Third Cavalry, is assigned to the command of all the cavalry force with this command except Graydon's Spy Company.

IV. Two companies of the Second Kansas Regiment will re-enforce the garrison of Fort Union; the remainder of that regiment will join this command with as little delay as possible.

V. Captain J. C. McFerran, senior quartermaster, will proceed to Fort Union, for the purpose of collecting and forwarding supplies and superintending the operations of his department on his arrival at Fort Union. H. M. Enos, assistant quartermaster, will report in person at the headquarters of the Army.

VI. Surg. E. I. Baily, medical director of the department, will proceed to Santa Fe and Fort Union,and is charged with the duty of providing the supplies and making arrangements for the comfort of the sick and wounded. He will establish such general hospitals and purchase such supplies as may be necessary to secure the comfort and speedy recovery of the wounded. Surg. J. M. Whitlock, First New Mexico Volunteers, will report for duty to Surgeon Baily.

VII. Captain Chacon's company of the First, Sena's, Eaton's, and Sanchez's, companies of the Second,and Hubbell's company of the Fifth Regiment, will report for duty to Colonel B. S. Roberts.

VIII. Colonel M. S. Howe, Third Cavalry, will report in person at these headquarters. The officers accompanying him will join without delay their regiments or companies in the field or at the stations at which they may be found.

IX. The senior paymaster will make immediate arrangements for the payment of the troops, commencing with those that have been the longest unpaid.

X. The chief commissary will [make] the necessary provisions for the supplies pertaining to this department.

By order of Colonel E. R. S. Canby:

WM. J. L. NICODEMUS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

