
force under command of Captain R. M. Morris, Third Cavalry, will report of to Colonel Paul for duty as soon as possible.

II. The companies of the Seventh Infantry and Claflin's battery will form part of the garrison of this post.

By order of Colonel E. R. S. Canby:

WM. J. L. NICODEMUS,

Captain, Twelfth Infantry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, D. C., April 25, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I inclose a telegram to this Department from the United States consul at Halifax, announcing a change of the destination of certain British steamers believed to contain contraband of war, from Charleston to Tampico. This change was undoubtedly with the view of transferring their cargoes from Tampico to Matamoros or adjacent points on the coast of Texas.

On several recent occasions I have done myself the honor to suggesting to the Department of War the necessity of occupying Brownsville with the competent military force. The objections to that course at this juncture which have been offered by the Department of War are duly appreciated. Permit me, however, in view of the peculiar position of our boundary on the Rio Grande frontier, the impossibility of blockading the mouth of that river, at least without the consent of Mexico, and consequently the impunity with which arms and munitions of war may be introduced into Texans in that direction, again to urge the importance of posting a military force for the purpose of endeavoring to check such proceedings.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

[Inclosure.]

HALIFAX, N. S., April 23, 1862.

Hon. W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State:

I am advised by consul at Bermuda English steamer Stellia arrived there with cargo destined for Charleston, but has changed destination for Tampico. Will probably be accompanied by steamers Bermuda and Herald.

M. M. JACKSON,

Consul.

KANSAS CITY, April 28, 1862.

E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Through Santa Fe mail, with dates to 12th, has arrived. Colonel Slough and General Canby formed junction at Gallisteo on 11th. Major Duncan, who was in command of General Canby's advance guard, encountered a large party of Texans and routed them. Major Duncan was slightly wounded. The Texans were 30 miles south of Gallisteo, in full flight from the Territory. General Canby designs giving immediate pursuit. No doubt is entertained of the speedy capture of Sibley's command, as they are entirely destitute of everything.

JAS. ROBERTS.

