HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, San Francisco, April 30, 1862.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Major Drum is still absent inspecting the troops at and near Fort Yuma. My latest dates from his are of the 14th instant. It is probable that Colonel Carleton is now at or in advance of Fort Yuma. Colonel Bowie's Fifth Infantry, California Volunteers,is concentrating at Fort Yuma as a reserve. Carleton's movement will sweep the predatory bands of Baylor and Reily out of Arizona and break up their plan of obtaining a foothold in Sonora; and then, with the well-appointed force under his command, strengthened, if necessary, by the fine reserve regiment of Bowie, I have no apprehension as to the result in any conflict with the rebels this side of the Rio Grande.

Outwardly everything is quiet in this country, but I know that there are many men on this coast who are traitors at heart, and who are at this moment writhing under the defeats of the rebels. They are harmless now, because so greatly in the minority; but such men require close surveillance. In the southern portion of this State there are more sympathizers with the rebels than anywhere else, and I have now ordered Colonel Forman,of the Fourth Infantry, California Volunteers, now in camp at Sacramento, to proceed by the next steamer to San Pedro with his headquarters and three companies. The colonel will take post at Camp Latham, near Los Angeles, where we have already four companies of the Second Cavalry.

It has been my aim not to create any unnecessary alarm in the public mind on this coast, but to watch closely the progress of events, and be ever ready to crush any attempt to raise the standard of rebellion on the Pacific. You will observe, by my General Orders, No. 17, that I am gradually drawing the cords a little closer around treason.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, U. S. MIL. DEPT. OF THE PACIFIC, San Francisco, Cal., May 3, 1862.

His Excellency Senor DON IGNACIO PESQUIERA,Governor of the State of Sonora:

SIR: By the last steamer from the Gulf of California I received a copy of a communication addressed to Your Excellency, under date of December 16, 1861, by H. H. Sibley,* the rebel chief in command of a body of insurgents in New Mexico; and although I did not receive a copy of Your Excellency's reply, yet I was much gratified by the assurances of my correspondent that Your Excellency had declined entering into any arrangements proposed by the rebel commander. Considering the friendly relations subsisting between the Government of the United States and that of the Republic of Mexico, as well as between the citizens of the contiguous States of Sonora and California,any other decision than that which Your Excellency has made would have been deeply regretted.

---------------

*Not found. Sibley's reports of his communications with the Governors of Chihuahua and Sonora are printed in Series I, Vol. IV, pp.167,174.

---------------

