
I need not point out to Your Excellency the utter ruin and devastation which would inevitably the beautiful State of Sonora should the rebel forces obtain of foothold within its limits, as in that even it would be indispensably necessary that the frontier should be passed by the United States forces and our enemies pursued possibly to the city of Guaymas.

I beg Your Excellency to rest assured that under no circumstances will the Government of the United States permit the rebel horde to take refuge in Sonora. I have an army of 10,000 men ready to pass the frontier and protect your government and people.

With the greatest respect, I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Dept.of the Pacific.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Santa Fe, N. Mex., May 4, 1862.

The ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF THE ARMY, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I left Fort Craig on the 27th ultimo, and reached this place last night, making arrangements on the road to facilitate the transmission of supplies to the troops in the South. The Confederate force, in rapid retreat, had taken the route by the Renesco through a mountainous and difficult country exceedingly destitute of water. They will probably reach the Rio Grande in the neighborhood of Santa Barbara, where Colonel Steele would probably meet them with supplies. Scouts and prisoners report this force as greatly demoralized, and that they have abandoned everything that could impede their flight. The sick and wounded have been left by the way-side, without care and often without food. May of them have been collected and are properly cared for, and arrangements have been made to bring in the others and secure any valuable property that has been abandoned by the enemy.

I shall accumulates as rapidly as possible at Fort Craig and at Peralta the supplies that are necessary for a movement below the former place. This will occupy some time, as with our extremely limited means and the length of the line it is very difficult to meet the current wants of the troops.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,ED. R. S. CANBY,

Colonel Nineteenth Infantry, Commanding Department.

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Santa Fe, N. Mex., May 4, 1862.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF THE ARMY, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the learned through the newspapers that five regiments of volunteers have been ordered from the East to this Territory. If this force is intended only for the defense of New Mexico and the reoccupation of Arizona, the whole of it will not in my judgment be necessary. Two regiments, in addition to the troops now here, will, I think, be amply sufficient, if at the same time arrangements are made to secure our communication with the East by arming and garrisoning strongly the posts between Fort Union and Fort Riley.

