
The difficulty of procuring supplies of all kinds in this country makes it important that no greater force should be sent here than is absolutely necessary. No operations can be carried on with advantage from New Mexico against any part of the South, as all the supplies for such operations must be brought from the East, as no reliance be placed upon the resources of this country, Arizona, or Chihuahua.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Colonel Nineteenth Infantry, Commanding Department.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., May 9, 1862.

General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

General Halleck telegraphs me he can give no orders in reference to the troops for New Mexico.

I reiterate my recommendation that not more than 500 infantry, 500 cavalry,and two batteries of light artillery be sent. All their subsistence will have to go from the Missouri River.

JAS. L. DONALDSON.

WAR DEPARTMENT, May 10, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Fort Monroe:

The following telegram, received by General Meigs from quartermaster at Saint Louis, namely:

Colonel Donaldson decidedly of opinion 1,000 men and two batteries ample force to send to New Mexico. General Canby's force now superior to enemy. If original order* carried out expedition will cost probably $10,000,000, three-quarters of which can be saved by reducing expedition to needed force.

Watts Delegate from New Mexico, Colonel Donaldson, and General Meigs all think force should be reduced, to save expense and expedite its leaving. Have you any orders to give?+

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Santa Fe, N. Mex., May 10, 1862.

The ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that the Confederate troops, after passing the Nugales, broke up into small parties, and reached the river from the mountains at different points between Canada Alamosa and Santa Barbara (Old Fort Thorn). They made no stay at this place, but continued their retreat, and crossed the river at San Diego, near

---------------

*Of April 23,for six regiments.

+No record of the Secretary's orders found. The only re-enforcements sent to New Mexico in this and the following month was one of light artillery (Ninth Wisconsin) from Fort Leavenworth, Kans.

---------------

