
DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, June 5, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to submit for your perusal the inclosed original note, with annexed translation, dated the 2nd instant, from Senor Romero, charge d'affaires of Mexico, in relation to the incursions committed by the insurgents of Texans upon the Territory and citizens of Mexico.

I will by very glad to know that the disposition of our forces will enable you to give assurances that such aggressive acts will hereafter be prevented.

Requesting the return of the inclosures, I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

[Inclosure No. 1.-Translation.]

MEXICAN LEGATION IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, Washington, June 2, 1862.

Hon. W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State:

MR. SECRETARY: The Mexican citizen Juan Bustamente, a deputy from the State of San Luis Potosi to the General Congress of Mexico, and who is now in this capital, to which he has some on personal affairs, informed me upon his arrival here of the unsatisfactory state of things at present upon the eastern frontier of Mexico and the United States, and of the assaults which, in violation of treaties and the rights of sovereignty of Mexico, the insurgents of Texans have made upon the Mexican territory.

I requested him to communicate to me in writing this information, and I have to-day received the communication of which I have the honor to transmit you a copy for the information of the Government of the United States.

Through other channels I had received notice of the incursions made by the insurgent Texans against the defenseless towns of Mexico, and I had abstained from communicating them to you owing to the want of official data confirming them. The situation of the frontier is represented in general to be very dangerous to Mexico. The dissenters of the South maintain considerable bodies of armed men upon the frontiers of Chihuahua and Sonora, and it appears that they desire to make common cause with the traitors of Mexico, which will cause great injuries both to the Government of that Republic and to the United States. I deem it, therefore, my duty to call your attention to this subject, requesting of you that the Government of the United States may take the proper measures to prevent armed bodies from passing over to its territory with a view of invading a friendly republic.

I shall take great pleasure in transmitting to my Government the assurances which you may be enabled to give me upon this matter.

I avail myself of this opportunity to renew to you,sir, the assurances of my distinguished consideration.

M. ROMERO.

[Inclosure No. 2.-Translation.]

To the Citizen Licentiate M. ROMERO,

Charge d' Affaires of the Mexican Republic in Washington, present:

SIR: I will myself of my arrival in this capital to address you the present, with the view of bringing to your knowledge that,in April

