
last past, the people of Piedras Negras were assaulted by a party of Texans, numbering some 200, who robbed and set fire to said town. This outrage will not be the last one,since the Texans are badly disposed toward the Mexicans in consequence of our government not having received the representative which the insurgents of the South sent.

This circumstance and the and the facilities which the former have for invading our territory will cause these incursions to be repeated if the Government of this Republic does not sent a respectable force to prevent not only robberies but also the Texans from giving some aid to the retrograde faction of Mexico, who has offered them to recognize the independence of the Southern States. This is sufficient for believing that the Texans referred to will assist them as far as they can in overthrowing the government, which, by the vote of the nation, to-day governs our destinies.

From what I have stated you will perceive that it is most important to remedy such serious evils, and I have no doubt that, as the representative of Mexico in this Republic, you will do all in your power that this Government may determine upon what is necessary to prevent the Texans from carrying on hostilities, by making an agreement to that effect with the clerical faction.

Upon addressing you the present it gives me pleasure to tender you my respect and consideration.

Liberty and reform.

JUAN BUSTMENTE.

WASHINGTON, June 3, 1862.

This is a copy.

ROMERO.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Santa Fe, N. Mex., June 2, 1862.

The ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The inclosed report from Colonel Chivington, commanding the Southern Military District, of the 11th instant, and note from El Paso, old Mexico, of the 10th instant,give the last information from Arizona. This last comes from a gentleman who has heretofore furnished very reliable information,and gives, I believe,a nearer approximation to the actual facts than any of the previous reports.

My letters to Colonel Chivington, of the 16th, 18th, and 20th instant, copies of which are inclosed, indicate the operations proposed in the direction of Arizona. Delay in the arrival of necessary supplies, the unexampled flood in the Rio Grande, which has flooded the valley and destroyed the roads, and the inertness and inefficiency of the flour contractors, have deferred these movements much beyond the time when I expected to commence them, put I believe that I will in a few days have the control of means that will enable me to carry them on without interruption. Heretofore it has been impossible to accumulate a supply of flour at Fort Craig beyond what was required for daily consumption, and it was with great difficulty that a supply to that extent could be kept up.

The movement direct in my instructions of the 20th instant will be a few days in advance of full supplies for the force at Fort Craig,

