
but it is necessary in consequence of the unexpected contingency of the approach of troops from California, which may require support, and it will be followed up as rapidly as possible.

I do not propose to occupy the interior posts in Arizona until after the arrival of the troops that are expected from Colorado Territory and Kansas, but will establish the main body of the force to be sent into that Territory in a strong position in the neighborhood of El Paso,and will not weaken it by detachments until in this Territory have assumed a more settled shape.

A changer in the manner of supplying posts that may be established in Arizona west on the Rio Grande is suggested, adopting for all the posts west of that river the route by the Gulf of California and the post of Guaymas for all supplies that cannot be procured in the country.

In this Territory there has been no material change since my report by the last mail. About one-half (521) of the deserters from New Mexican Volunteers have availed themselves of the conditional pardon offered them in Department General Orders, No. 43, of May 7. The remainder are still at large, and are giving much trouble to the frontier settlements.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Colonel Nineteenth Infantry, Brigadier General Vols., Commanding Dept.

[Inclosure No. 1.]
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHERN MILITARY DISTRICT, Fort Craig, N. Mex., June 11, 1862.

Brigadier General E. R. S. CANBY, U. S. A.,Commanding Department New Mexico, Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that five men arrived here yesterday from the Pinto Alto mines in Arizona, and fully confirmed what the two Mexicans last week reported about the California forces, and the movements below. They saw the California captain at the mines before Hunter took him over to Mesilla. They say that Colonel Baylor has been appointed Governor of Arizona, and his first act was to publish Jefferson Davis' conscription proclamation, and they are impressing all white men in Arizona into their service; also all in the Mesilla Valley. Those men all fled to keep from being forced to fight against the Government. The Arizona Guards, who were raised for the protection of the settlements against the Indians, and who are more than half Northern and Union men, are pressed into the Confederate service. Colonel Reily had been to Sonora, and reports that he had made a favorable treaty with the authorities there. But one of these men is just up from Sonora, and he asserts that they only obtained the privilege of buying for cash anything the citizens had to dispose of, and that they will not touch the Confederate scrip. The name of the California captain who was captured by Hunter is McCleave. His company is independent or unattached, and used exclusively for picket and scouting purposes, named "California Mounted Grays." When he was taken several of Hunter's men were taken by his company. The names of these men from whom this information is obtained are James S. Chase, James Cranston, John McLaughlin, A. J. King, and Patrick Connell, and one of them has been a soldier, and has his discharge with him.

I am, general, with much respect, your obedient servant,

J. J. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel First Colorado Vols., Commanding Southern Mil. Dist., N. Mex.

