
[Inclosure No. 2.]

The skeleton of Sibley's brigade, consisting of 1,250 men, returned from New Mexico to Dona Ana on or about the 3rd of May. General Sibley made his headquarters at Fort Bliss; Colonel Green and Colonel ---- [probably Reily] at Fort Fillmore. Colonel [Lieutenant-Colonel] Scurry is now in San Antonio. Major Pyron left Fort Franklin [Bliss] with his command about twenty days ago. Since then parties of 15 and 20 men of infantry companies have been leaving and are now on the road to San Antonio. Those that were left of the Second Regiment have been leaving on the road to San Antonio. Most of their artillery has passed San Elizario on the way down. General Sibley was ready to move this morning. Colonel Steele, it is said, will remain until further orders. He is at Dona Ana. He has between 300 and 400 men. Colonel Herbert, with two or three companies, remains, also under Colonel Steele; but it is believed that these movement are to cover their retreat.

The Second Regiment (Green's) is scattered in parties of 15 or 20 along the road between Dona Ana and Franklin, committing outrages upon the inhabitants they meet upon the highway. They are almost on the point of starvation, receiving as a ration one pound and a quarter of beef and twelve ounces of flour. The Mexican population are much enraged against them on account of their rude treatment. There are no provisions to be bought in this valley, for they are not to be had. Sibley has pressed all the spare provisions on the American side of the river, and has given orders to take all the necessary transportation and provisions from the villages below. No army can subsist in this valley this year unless they bring the necessary supplies along, for there is no supply,not even of live stock, and there will be a scanty wheat crop to say the best of it. It is believed here that there will be a famine among the people at Mesilla, Las Cruces, Dona Ana, and Picacho.

The Confederate money (paper) is selling at 20 cents on the dollar, and large amounts could be bought for less if there were any purchasers. Captain Hunter's company has returned from Tucson. They report a large Federal force near the place when they left.

[Indorsement.]

This information is furnished by a merchant of El Paso, old Mexico, and sent to the commanding officer of Fort Craig.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding Department.

[Inclosure No. 3.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Santa Fe, N. Mex., June 16, 1862.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON,

1st Colo. Vols., Commanding Southern Mil. Dist., Fort Craig, N. Mex.:

COLONEL: Your communication of the 11th has been received. The information is certainly very circumstantial, and seems probable, but I cannot think that any large force would have been sent from California without being advised of it. It is more probable it is a detachment from the force at Fort Yuma, sent to Tucson for the purpose of acquiring information. The Mesilla produces but little beyond what is required for its own population, and it is certain that there is

