
no surplus at this time. It is necessary, therefore, that we should have supplies for at least forty days after reaching the valley, as it will take that time to get there from Chihuahua (or that we should have sufficient means of transportation to keep up the supply from this country) or Sonora.

I expected confidently to have been prepared in this respect by the 1st of this month, but the inefficiency of the contractors, the destitution of the country,and the flooding of the river have all concurred to delay this; but I hope that these difficulties will be overcome in a few days,and I wish your command to be kept in readiness to move the moment that the state of the supplies will permit it. I do not anticipate any future difficulties,as abundant supplies from the East are near at hand, and with them are considerable means of transportation that will be available for our operations.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Department.

[Inclosure No. 4.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Santa Fe, N. Mex., June 18, 1862.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON,1st Colo. Vols., Commanding Southern Mil. Dist., Fort Craig, N. Mex.:

COLONEL: The force intended for the movement against the Confederate troops in Arizona will be composed of the sixteen companies of infantry and eight companies of cavalry and one or two batteries. These troops will be organized into two or three columns, as may be considered most expedient by the immediate commander. The headquarters and eight companies of the Fifth Infantry will form one, and the headquarters and eight companies of the First Colorado Volunteers the other infantry column. The cavalry force will be composed of two companies of the First, three companies of the Third Cavalry, one company of the First Colorado and two companies of the Second Colorado Volunteers. The cavalry force now at Fort Union will be sent down as soon as the troops from Kansas are in striking distance of that post. If it arrives in season the battery attached to the Second Colorado Volunteers will from one of the batteries, and it is intended to replace the pieces in McRae's battery by four 12-pounder guns and two 32-pounder howitzers,now on their way to this country; but as these pieces may not arrive as early as they are expected, the present battery should be put in the most perfect condition for the field that is possible,so that there may be no delay in the movement after the supplies have been received.

The garrison of Fort Craig will be composed of four companies of infantry and two of cavalry. Two companies of infantry and two of cavalry will be posted temporarily at Santa Barbara, to give additional security to the communication between Fort Craig and the Mesilla. These garrisons will be in addition to the field force designated above.

Mule transportation for the baggage train has been ordered and is being prepared as rapidly as possible. Clothing is expected at Fort Union from the East in three of four days, and will be sent down at once. Corn for the cavalry and artillery horses is being sent as rapidly as possible.

A section of mountain howitzers to move with the cavalry should

