
also be prepared. Some pack saddles for the use of detachments that move rapidly, or when wagons cannot be taken,will be necessary.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Department.

[Inclosure No. 5.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Santa Fe, N. Mex., June 20, 1862.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON,1st Colo. Vols., Commanding Southern Mil. Dist., Fort Craig, N. Mex.:

SIR: I have received a telegraphic dispatch Nicodemus, to the effect that Colonel Carleton, with 500 California Volunteers, was on this side of the Pima Villages on the 7th of May, moving in the direction of the Mesilla Valley, I wish you to advance a portion of your command,say 1,000 men, if you have the means of moving and supplying that number, in the direction of Santa Barbara, open a communication with Colonel Carleton, if possible, and hold yourself in readiness to support him if he should be advancing on this side of Tucson. Unless it should be absolutely necessary, in order to support Colonel Carleton, I do not with the command moved into the Mesilla Valley until I have the means of subsisting them there. This will be arranged in a few days, and in the mean time the force at Fort Craig must be held in readiness to move at any moment and at any sacrifice, if it should be necessary.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Santa Fe, N. Mex., June 27, 1862.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON,Commanding Southern Military District, Fort Craig, N. Mex.:

SIR: The general object of the expedition to Arizona is the re-occupation of that country and the restoration of the authority of the United States in and over it. In carrying out these instructions I wish to leave you as untrammeled as possible by special instruction, and shall indicate in general terms the particular objects to be accomplished, leaving the details of execution to your own judgment and discretion.

The force that will be under your command has already been indicated in my instructions of the 18th. It is probable that the cavalry may be somewhat reduced by the non-arrival of troops that were expected. This force will be kept as mobile and complete as possible. No other baggage than is necessary for the comfort and efficiency of the troops will be taken. No incumbrances, as laundresses or other persons not immediately necessary for the service, will be permitted to move with the troops. Many persons will no doubt attempt to go with the command, but all persons not directly connected with the Army by enlistment or employment will be vigorously excluded. The only exception will be in the case of civil officers going to their duties in that Territory or contractors and their necessary employes. If the condition of the road or other circumstances of the route should render it necessary to subdivide your command, the columns should always be

