HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Santa Fe, N. Mex., July 6, 1862.

The ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that the party sent for the purpose of opening a communication with General Carleton's command met his advanced (130 cavalry) at the Ojo de la Vaca, 140 miles southwest of Fort Craig. This command and the advance forces of that post will meet at Santa Barbara to-day.

General Carleton was at Tucson on the 17th ultimo, with ten companies of infantry, five of cavalry, and one field battery of four pieces. In addition to this, some companies of infantry and one of cavalry are posted at different points (not mentioned in the report) in Arizona.

The force designed for the reoccupation of Arizona, and assembled at Fort Craig, consists of about 2,000 men, but upon information arriving from the commander of the Department of Kansas of the movement of a rebel force against Fort Wise, and the supply trains coming to this country I have diverted a part of this force for the purpose of re-enforcing Fort Wise and guarding the supply trains reported to be coming out by the Cimarron route.

The squadron of Kansas cavalry which came to this country as the escort of the paymaster will halt at Fort Wise and report by letter to the commander of the Department of Kansas. The squadron of Colorado cavalry which was on the road to Fort Craig has been ordered back to Fort Union for duty on the Cimarron route. I have requested General Blunt to issue the order given by General Hunter, at my request, directing all trains to come by the way of Fort Wise, as this division of the trains multiplies the chances of loss, doubles the duty of guarding them, and weakens the command by detachments that would not be necessary if only one route is used.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General Department.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Santa Fe, N. Mex., July 9, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES H. CARLETON,Commanding District of Arizona:

GENERAL: The reported movements of the rebel force threatening our communications with the East and the supply trains en route to this country had rendered it necessary to divert a portion of the command heretofore designated for operations in Arizona.

A part of the force at Fort Craig has accordingly been ordered to Fort Union for service on the plains, and another part will be held in reserve at Fort Craig to meet further contingencies, reducing the strength of the command that will report to you for duty in Arizona to about 1,000 men. This, with the part of your command not required for duty in the interior of Arizona, will, I have no doubt, be amply sufficient for the purposes intended in the instructions heretofore given,and of which copies have been furnished you.

In consequence of the scarcity of water in the direct route from Cook's Spring to Mesilla, I have supposed the most eligible point for the junction of the two commands would be on the Rio Grande,at or near Santa

