
Barbara. The commander of the sub-military district was accordingly instructed to advance 1,000 men to that point for the purpose of opening a communication with you and supporting your movements, if the scarcity of water on the route should render it necessary, as is probable at this season, to move your command by mule detachments.

If you should consider it expedient that the junction should be made at any other point you will give the necessary order to the commander of the troops in the neighborhood of Santa Barbara, without waiting for them to move within the limits of your district.

Until the reoccupation of the country and the restoration of order are secured your headquarters and main body of your command will be kept in the neighborhood of the Mesilla Valley.

The force that is ordered to report to you will be deficient in artillery and cavalry horses. Every deficiency I hope to remedy soon. Two heavy field batteries (12-pounder and 32-pounder howitzers), completely equipped, are now on the way out, and one of them will be sent down as soon as it arrives. Eight hundred cavalry and artillery horses are also on the road, and a sufficient number to mount the cavalry to complete the equipment of the cavalry batteries will be sent to you as soon as possible.

The staff department are throwing forward to Fort Craig additional supplies to meet the positive wants of your command. The order now in force requires 200,000 rations, in depot of subsistence; and, in addition to this, a daily issue of 5,000 rations at and below Fort Craig is provided for, to meet unexpected contingencies. One hundred thousand rations will be in depot at Peralta, and other supplies in the same proportion will be sent down as fast as they are received from the East or can be procured from this country.

I have received no information as yet as to the state of your supplies the sources from which they are drawn, and the arrangements made for procuring them. Please advise me in this respect as soon as possible in order that the arrangements for supplying your command may be completed as soon as possible.

The chief paymaster has estimated prospectively for funds for the payment of your command, but if there are any arrearages which have not been provided for, you will cause the estimates (if you have a paymaster with your column) or the data for preparing them to be forwarded as soon as practicable.

It is hoped that arrangements will be made by which the greater part of the subsistence and the forage required for your troops can be supplied from that country and the neighboring State of Mexico, but the necessity of depending for some time upon the depot at Fort Craig is anticipated and will be provided for.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Colonel Nineteenth Infantry, Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, San Francisco, July 10, 1862.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: My latest dates from the Department of Oregon are to July 1, when all was quiet. My latest dates from General Carleton are of June 18, which I inclosed yesterday to you, with certain other papers.

