
The expedition has thus far been a perfect success. Our army, with all its supplies, has advanced and passed many deserts without loss of men or property. Arizona is recovered and now held under martial law, waiting for the re-establishment of the civil powers, and the Column from California is advancing eastward to co-operate with the forces in New Mexico.

In preparing the expedition under General Carleton, as well as the one under Colonel Connor,for the protection of the mail route, we have been compelled to make large purchases, principally of mules and means of transportation; but I can assure the Department that in all cases the greatest economy, consistent with the good of the service, has been practiced.

The great difficulty is to guard the public interests on such a vast extent of country, with many small posts, some a thousand or more miles distant. However, the losses which the Government will sustain in this department, I am happy to say, will be small; and but a small portion of that can be set down to the unfaithfulness of officers or agents.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, July 11, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose a copy of two letters to this Department,one from the United States consul at Matamoros and the other from the consul at Monterey, written at the former place. The condition of the loyal inhabitants of Texas in that neighborhood is represented to be so miserable, that it occurs to me those of them of a suitable age to bear arms might be most readily and effectually relieved if they would accept service in our Army. It is consequently suggested that an arrangement be made with the Secretary of the Navy for receiving any such persons on board the blockading vessel or vessels in that quarter as recruits, in order that they may be transferred to the nearest United States military command.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

CONSULATE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, Matamoros, Mexico, May 5, 1862.

Hon. W. H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: In my last (No. 5.) I informed you of the arrest and imprisonment of American citizens. After their release I had thought that I should be troubled no more with such outrages; but on the evening of the 2nd, as Mr. Alfred Westrop, a young man in my employ, was coming from the United States steamer Montgomery with several letters, he was seized by four Texas Rangers,who had crossed the river (for the purpose) and waited for him, and, with his letters, taken across and to Fort Brown. Mr. Westrop is an English citizen, the only one that I knew

