
in many cases that they were Northern men (had never killed any one), and refused to fight against the United States. O, sir, would that I could show cases vividly before the Department! Must this thing be, that our best, truest citizens must be turned into the streets, from the door of an American consul upon a population poor themselves, not able to speak their language, also threatened by the soldiers from Brownsville for harboring them? It is not uncommon for complaints and favors asked from Government, but,sir, I am confident no portion of the United States has been so badly oppressed as the Union men of Texas,and I can learn nothing is yet done to relieve the refugees or avenge the oppressors. I have received reliable information that within one week 6 of those refugees have been hung on the frontier of Texas on trees and left handing.

I have conversed to-day with a secessionist to find out both sides of this hanging business. To excuse it, he alleged that 4 of them were deserters and the other 2 alleged to be suspicious characters; not improbable they may have joined the Home Guard for peace or to save hanging previous, but learning they could get onto a United States steamer, made the attempt, for which they have been hanged.

Let me urge that a force be sent onto this frontier; it may not be very large, if they have plenty of arms. I am assured that there could be 3,000 enlisted from Texas as soon as it ws known. I am informed that here is over 300 men at Monterey fed by charity; that they have been impatient for the United States consul to arrive. A merchant of high standing form Monterey says the merchants there have been paying the expenses of this number for months; that when the consul arrived by the expected to turn them over, &amp;c.

My office is [not] a rich one; expensive place to get to; feet not half enough to pay my board; more callers than at an almshouse. I shall not turn back. I have been since April 5 on the route to my appointment; all get there after 300 miles farther, or thereabouts [on] the stage route. I am willing my country shall have my time and all I can do for her during this rebellion, but I have been so badly robbed by it that I cannot contribute much more.

May I hope that some provision will be made for those sufferers, that the United States consul may not be a disgrace in the eyes of other nations by driving away from his presence honorable citizens that seek the protection of his and their country; honorably for their country's welfare thus reduced that they cannot feed themselves.

If this matter cannot be redressed through the Government, then petitions should be circulated through cities. Those who contributed to fee foreign nations I know will not withhold from those Union refugees in Mexico.

I am aware I ave not allowed rules in this long and hearty letter, but I shall expect an answer, and hope prompt action may be had.

I have the honor to be,sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. B. H. BLOOD,

U. S. Consul, Monterey, Mexico.

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Santa Fe, N. Mex., July 20, 1862.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF THE ARMY, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that the advance of General Carleton's' command (two companies of cavalry) reached the Rio Grande

