HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Santa Fe, N. Mex., July 26, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES G. BLUNT,Commanding Department of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt (during a temporary absence) of your communication of the 26th ultimo,* and to express may thanks for the measures you have taken to secure the supplies coming to this country.

General Carleton, with about 1,500 California troops, is now between Tucson and the Rio Grande. This advance and the advance from Fort Craig united at Santa Barbara on the 7th instant. The Confederate force in the Mesilla Valley commenced their retreat on the same day. Unfortunately the Rio Grande was so high that our troops were unable to cross until the rebels got beyond the reach of pursuit.

As General Carleton's force will be sufficient for the occupation of Arizona, I propose, as soon as his troops get into position, to withdraw the Colorado regiment to Fort Lyon, and place them under your orders, as I do not think they will be needed longer in this country.

I do not think that in invasion of this country by the Rio Grande will again be attempted, but it may be by the Canadian or the Arkansas, if our troops in the South should meet with any serious reverses.

A copy of the latest returns of the Colorado troops serving in this department will be sent to your by the next mail.

I have directed copies of the most important orders issued in this department to be sent to you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Department.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GEN'S. OFFICE, No. 181. Washington, August 5, 1862.

*		*		*		*		*		*

7. Brigadier General E. R. S. Canby, U. S. Volunteers, is relieved from duty in the Department of New Mexico. He will turn over the command to the next officer and repair without delay to this city and report to the Secretary of War.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Santa Fe, N. Mex., August 6, 1862.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF THE ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The instructions from the War Department and the Headquarters of the Army, of August 15, 1861, contemplated the withdrawal of

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

