
the regular in this department upon the organization of the additional volunteer force then authorized. I have already (May 17, 1862) conditionally recommended the withdrawal of a part of the regular force now here, and the rear approach of General Carleton's force, understood to be about 2,000 strong, justifies the opinion that the original instructions of the Department may be carried out without detriment to the service.

I do not apprehend another invasion of this country by the Rio Grande, but in the event of any serious reverses to our troops in the Southwest it may be attempted by the Canadian, or an attempt may be made to cut off or destroy the supply trains coming to this country. This last I regard as the most probable danger,and since the renewal of the disturbances in Missouri have made arrangements to send a portion of the troops now in this department upon that line, believing that they could be better spared from New Mexico than from Kansas. One regiment of Colorado Volunteers will be sufficient in my judgment for the occupation of Fort Lyon (Wise) and to keep in check the Indians of Colorado Territory. The Second Regiment for Fort Union and the northern part of New Mexico, the California troops fore the southern part of this Territory and for Arizona, while the New Mexican Volunteers will be sufficient for the Indian frontiers. This will give for New Mexico proper about 4,000, with an additional thousand (in Colorado) with reach, if their services should be needed. If this force should not be considered sufficient, re-enforcements may, I suppose, be drawn from California with more ease than from the East.

I have received no report from General Carleton, but have learned unofficially that the expected to leave Tucson about the middle of last month. As he will be obliged, in consequence of the scarcity of water, to move by detachments, his entire force will not reach the Rio Grande until some time in this month.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Department of New Mexico.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Santa Fe, N. Mex., August 10, 1862.

The ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have just received reports from General Carleton, but too late to copy them by this mail.

He left Tucson on the 17th ultimo and was at Ojo de la Vaca (about 60 miles from the Rio Grande) on the 27th. He would wait at that place for the rear of his command to close up. He is now probably in the Mesilla Valley. He reports his command in fine condition, and that his effective force in the valley will be 1,273. This is independent of the garrisons of the posts established in the interior of Arizona and the command (four companies of infantry and two of cavalry) sent from Fort Craig.

His command is generally well supplied, and any deficiencies can be furnished from the depots in this country.

With the exception of the sick and some deserters and a few who have taken refuge in old Mexico, none of the Texan troops are now in the neighborhood of El Paso.

44 R R-VOL IX

