
The Indians in this department are exceedingly troublesome, and give constant employment to the troops in this neighborhood,thus far with but little success. The depredators are the Navajoes and Mescalero Apaches.

Serious Indian troubles are reported in Colorado Territory,and upon an application for assistance I have sent a company of infantry and one of cavalry to Fort Lyon, and have ordered two companies of infantry upon the road between Fort Union and Fort Lyon, for the protection of the trains. Two companies of infantry and one of cavalry have been ordered from Fort Craig to Fort Union to replace the companies sent from that place, and two companies of infantry have been ordered to this place to relieve companies of New Mexican Volunteers, which will be sent into the Indian country.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Department.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, August 16, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose a letter of the 6th ultimo and the accompanying papers, addressed to this Department by Benjamin C. Cutler who styles himself "Military Secretary of State of the Territory of Arizona." As that Territory has not been organized by act of Congress, and consequently no civil officers have been appointed therein,it is presumed that the communication of Mr. Assistant Adjutant-General Cutler would have more properly been addressed to the War Department.

I have the honor to be,sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

[Inclosure No. 1.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, TERRITORY OF ARIZONA, Tucson, Ariz., July 6, 1862.

His Excellency W. H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith certain documents, marked A, B, *C, D, E, which relate to matters in this Territory, and which it maybe important for you to know.

Other copies, with additional papers, together with a mass of evidence in the cases of Mr. Sylvester Mowry, will reach Washington through the headquarters of the Department of the Pacific. These, to save time, I send direct.

Very respectfully, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

BEN. C. CUTLER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Military Secretary of State.

[Inclosure A.]
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, Fort Yuma, Cal., May 2, 1862.

His Excellency DON IGNACIO PESQUIERA,Governor of State of Sonora, Ures, Sonora, Republic of Mexico:

SIR: Your Excellency is doubtless aware the for certain military considerations the general commanding the United States forces on the

---------------

*Inclosure B is a copy of proclamation printed on p.561.

---------------

