
Wishing Your Excellency health and good fortune and your people happiness and prosperity, I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First Cal. Vols., Major U. S. Sixth Cavalry, Commanding

[Inclosure C.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, TERRITORY OF ARIZONA, Tucson, Ariz., June 11, 1862.

To all whom it may concern:

Be it known that under the authority assumed by the undersigned in the proclamation placing the Territory of Arizona under martial law, which proclamation was dated at Tucson, in Arizona, June 8, A. D. 1862, I hereby appoint Acting Assistant Adjutant-General Benjamin Clarke Cutler to be secretary of state of the Territory of Arizona while the said Territory remains under martial law or until the time when a successor may be appointed to take his place.

His duties shall be to record and to preserve all the acts and proceedings of the Governor in his executive department, and to transmit an authentic copy of these acts and proceedings through the general commanding the Department of the Pacific to the President of the United States on the last day of every month.

And be is also known that the secretary of state of the Territory, while it is under martial law, is hereby empowered to administer oaths.

Given under my hand at Tucson, Ariz., June 11, 1862.

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Military Governor of Arizona.

[Inclosure.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, TERRITORY OF ARIZONA, Tucson, Ariz., June 11, 1862.

To all whom it may concern:

Be it known that by virtue of the authority vested in myself as Military Governor of Arizona I hereby empower the following officers with the right to administer oath within this Territory while it shall remain under martial law; that is to say:

Lieutenant Colonel Joseph R. West, First Infantry, California Volunteers.

Lieutenant Colonel Edward E. Eyre, First Cavalry, California Volunteers.

Major Edwin A. Rigg, First Infantry, California Volunteers.

Major Theodore A. Coult, Fifth Infantry, California Volunteers.

Major David Ferguson, First Cavalry, California Volunteers.

Captain Tredwell Moore, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army.

Also the presidents and judge-advocates of military commissions, when such commissions are in session.

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First Cal. Vols., Major, U. S. Sixth Cavalry.

By the Governor:

BEN. C. CUTLER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Military Secretary of State.

