
[Inclosure D.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, ARIZONA TERRITORY, Tucson, June 12, 1862.

To all whom it may concern:

Be it known:

I. That from and after this date a monthly tax of $5 for license to trade shall be levied on all merchants in Tucson, Ariz., including those who shall traffic within a mile in every direction from its suburbs,whose monthly sales of merchandise amount to $500 or under, and an additional tax of $1 per month for each additional monthly sale of $100.

II. That every keeper of gambling house within the aforesaid limits shall pay a tax of $100 per month for each and every table in said house whereon any banking game is played.

III. That every keeper of a bar, where wines, spiritous or malt liquors are to be sold, shall pay a tax of $100 per month to keep said bar.

IV. All keepers of gambling houses, for the non-payment of license for gambling tables, will be fined $50 for the first offense; for the second offense he shall have his money, implements, tools, &amp;c., seized, and the same shall be confiscated, and he shall pay a fine of $100 and be forbidden to again gamble in this Territory.

V. Any person who after this date shall sell without a license any intoxicating liquors or drinks shall be fined $500 for the firs offense; for the second offense he shall pay a fine of $100 and forfeit all the liquors in his possession.

VI. The commanding officer at Tucson is hereby empowered to grant licenses under these rules,and collect all taxes, fines, and forfeitures. The moneys thus collected shall be turned over to the medical director, who shall receipt for the same and add it to the hospital fund, to be used exclusively for the benefit of the sick and wounded soldiers belonging to the Column from California until further orders.

VII. All sales made by the Government of the United States shall be exempt from taxation, and no license is necessary for the sale of forage, subsistence stores, fruits, or vegetables.

By order of Colonel Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Military Secretary of State.

[Inclosure E.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA, No. 17. Tucson, Ariz., June 16, 1862.

I. A board of officers, to consist of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph R. West, First Infantry, California Volunteers; Captain Charles A. Smith, Fifth Infantry, California Volunteers, will assemble at this post at 4 p.m. to-day, or as soon thereafter as practicable,to investigate certain charges and facts tending to show that Mr. Sylvester Mowry, of the Patagonia mines,in this Territory, is an enemy to the Government of the United States, and that he has in treasonable correspondence and collusion with well-known secessionists, and has afforded them aid and comfort when they were known publicly to be enemies to the legally-constituted authority and Government of the United States.

The board will be dully sworn to the faithful performance of its duty, and will examine witnesses on oath,and will examine and make certified extracts from such documents as may be laid before them which

