
may have immediate or important bearing on these points, and the board will report in writing and in full the evidence it receives on all these matters, and its opinions whether or not there are sufficient grounds to restrain of his liberty and bring to trial before a military commission the said Mr. Sylvester Mowry.

II. The board will also inquire into the truth of a report that a respectable German citizen was recently murdered at or near Patagonia mines,in this Territory, and report in writing the evidence in the case and their opinion, in the event they find the report to be true as to who are probably the guilty parties.

The record of this investigation will be made up separately from that ordered in the first paragraph hereof.

III. Second Lieutenant Erastus W. Wood, First Infantry, California Volunteers, is appointed secretary of the board,and will be duly sworn by the president thereof to a faithful discharge of his duties as such.

By order of Colonel Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First Infantry, California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA, Tucson, Ariz., June 16, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel JOSEPH R. WEST,President of a Board of Officers convened by Special Orders,

No. 17, current series, from these Headquarters:

COLONEL: The colonel commanding the column directs me to inclose to you, as one of the charges against Mr. Sylvester Mowry, the original of a letter directed to General Carleton from the Mowry silver mines on the 11th of May, 1862, and signed by one "T. Schumer, metallurgist, M. S. M.;" also a paper in your own handwriting, purporting to be a statement of one William Pyburn, which seems to touch on the matter of the alleged furnishing of Captain Hunter's men at the Patagonia mines with percussion caps.*

The board will also examine such documentary evidence as Lieutenant-Colonel Eyre may have brought from the Patagonia mines and placed in your custody.

The board will examine into the facts touching the known political character of one Robinson, and whether he has been a guest and received aid and comfort recently from Mr. Mowry, and in all matters touching this case the board will question the persons brought by Colonel Eyre from the Patagonia mines and such other persons as may be thought to be important witnesses in this matter not herein named, but who may become known to the board during its investigation.

The testimony and evidence you will receive will be ex parte, and your inquiry will be analogous to that made by a guard jury in the administration of justice by the civil authorities.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First Infantry, California Volunteers.

HEADQUARTERS COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA, Tucson, Ariz., July 6, 1862.

The board having examined the foregoing personal testimony and documentary evidence, as directed by Special Orders, No. 17, and by the letters of the colonel commanding the Column from California to the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

