
president of this board, which said order and letter are copied on and made part of these records, are of opinion that said Sylvester Mowry is an enemy to the Government of the United States, and that he was been in treasonable correspondence and collusion with well-known secessionists, and has afforded them aid and comfort when they were known publicly to be enemies to the legally-constituted authority and Government of the United States, and that there are sufficient grounds to restrain the said Sylvester Mowry of his liberty and bring him to trial before a military commission.

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant Colonel, First Infantry, Cal. Vols., President.

CHARLES A. SMITH,

Captain, Fifth Infantry, Cal. Vols.

NICHOLAS S. DAVIS,

Captain, First Infantry, Cal. Vols.

ERASTUS W. WOOD,

Second Lieutenant, First Infantry, Cal. Vols., Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Santa Fe, N. Mex., September 14, 1862.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit a report from General Carleton, of the 9th instant,which gives the latest information in relation to affairs in Arizona and Northwestern Texas. The commanding officer at Fort Garland reports that his spies have discovered the rendezvous of a party of guerrillas on the Huerfano, and that he has detached a force for the purpose of destroying or capturing them. This party is composed of gamblers and desperadoes from the southern mines of Colorado, and it is understood that their object is to reach Arkansas or Texas. They will probably be intercepted by the troops operating east of the Raton Mountains. The regular troops are being concentrated at Fort Union preparatory to going East,and, with the exception of the companies of the Fifth Infantry, will be in readiness to march by the end of this month. Upon the representation of Colonel Leavenworth of the danger of Indian hostilities on the Arkansas, I have ordered the companies of the Tenth Infantry to proceed at once to Fort Lyon.

I will leave for the East in two or three days after the arrival of General Carleton.

I will leave for the East in two or three days after the arrival of General Carleton.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

HEADQUARTERS COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA, Fort Craig, N. Mex., September 9, 1862.

General E. R. S. CANBY:

I received the order to go to Santa Fe to relieve you in the command of the Department of New Mexico at Franklin, Tex., at 10 p.m. on the 2nd instant,and started the following morning for that city.

I arrived here last night,and shall leave this post this evening and endeavor to arrive at Santa Fe, say, by the 16th or 17th instant. Since

