
[Inclosure.]

OFFICE OF THE ACTG. ASST. COM. OF SUB., Galveston, Tex., February 1, 1862.

General P. O. HEBERT, Commanding Dept.of Texas, Houston, Tex.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose a certified copy of an order this day received from Major S. Maclin, chief commissary Department of Texas.

As I interpret the order, I have no authority to purchase supplies for the troops on this island without your approval of every purchase being indorsed thereon.

You are fully aware of the difficulty in procuring supplies for the troops. Would respectfully submit that, if this order is strictly complied with, it will be impossible to subsist the troops, from the fact that parties having subsistence stores for sale will be unwilling to visit you for the approval of their certified accounts, and then go to San Antonio to receive the money from the chief of subsistence.

I will be pleased to receive instructions from you at your earliest convenience.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAN. C. RICHARDSON,

Captain, and A. A. C. S., C. S. P. Army.

[Sub-inclosure.]

PRINCIPAL COMMISSARY OFFICE, San Antonio, Tex., January 24, 1862.

SIR: In furnishing provisions to officers and others you will be governed by the following instructions, received from the Commissary-General.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

SACKFIELD MACLIN,

Major, C. S. Army, Chief Com. Sub., Dept. of Texas.

RICHMOND, VA., December 5, 1861.

Major S. MACLIN,

Chief Commissary of Subsistence, Dept.of Texas, San Antonio:

SIR: The Commissary-General directs me to say to you that you will please instruct the commissaries in your department that when it becomes necessary to purchase supplies in the vicinity of their station the approval of the general commanding the Department of Texas must be expressed upon the receipts or certificates given to the persons from whom the stores are obtained, and that all such accounts must be presented to you for examination and payment.

That no account for subsistence furnished picket guards or other detachments will be allowed unless on the order of the general commanding, setting forth the circumstances rendering the purchase necessary,and these accounts must be submitted to you for examination and payment.

You will also cause instructions to be given to the commissaries of your department who receive "due-bills" from officers to whom provisions are sold to take up the amount of these bills (remaining unpaid) when their accounts current are rendered on that account,and forward the bills to this office as vouchers, with "abstract of sales."

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. WILLIAMS,

Major and Commissary Subsistence, C. S. Army.

