
Numbers 6. Reported of Confederate Secretary of the Navy.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

April 10, 1862.

To the Senate and House of Representatives of the Confederate State:

I herewith transmit to Congress a communication from the Secretary of the Navy, covering a detailed report of Flag-Officers Buchanan of the brilliant triumph of his squadron over the vastly superior forces of the enemy in Hampton Roads, March 8 and 9 last.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

NAVY DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., April 7, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit herewith [a] copy of the detailed report [Numbers 7.] of Flag-Officer Buchanan of the brilliant triumph of his squadron over the vastly superior forces of the enemy in Hampton Roads, on March 8 and 9 last, a brief report by Lieutenant Jones of the battle of the 8th having been previously made.

The conduct of the officers and men of the squadron in this contest reflects unfading honor upon themselves and upon the Navy. The report will be read with deep interest, and its detailed will not fail to arouse the ardor and nerve the arms of our gallant seamen.

It will be remembered that the Virginia was a novelty in naval architecture, wholly unlike any ship that ever floated; that here heaviest guns were equal novelties in ordnance; that her motive power and her obedience to her helm were untried, and her officers and crew strangers comparatively to the ship and to each, and yet, under all these disadvantages, the dashing courage and consummate professional ability of Flag-Officers Buchanan and his associates achieved the most remarkable victory which naval annals record.

When the flag-officers was disabled the command of the Virginia devolved upon her executive and ordnance officer, Lieutenant Catesby Ap R. Jones, and the cool and masterly manner in which he fought the ship in her encounter with iron-clad Monitor justified the high estimate which the country places upon his professional merit. To his experience, skill, and untiring industry as her ordnance and executive officer the terrible effect of her fire was greatly due. Her battery was determined in accordance with his suggestions, and in all investigations and tests which resulted in its thorough efficiency he was zealously engaged.

The terms of commendation used by the flag-officer in characterizing the conduct of his officers and men meet the cordial indorsement of the Department, and the concurrent testimony of thousand who witnessed the engagement places his own conduct above all praise.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

S. R. MALLORY,

Secretary of the Navy.

To the PRESIDENT.

