
some way, or it will not be safe for our friends to go into the service and leave their homes, their families, and property, without an armed force could be left to protect them.

Under these circumstances I look to the time that it will be necessary to declare martial law, in order to effect that by force which the Governor, with all his energies, cannot effect through the civil laws of the land; and while I would deplore such a necessity among our people as much or more than any other man, and as my home, my family, and all my interests would be jeopardized by such a step, I am ready to take it, as far as I am personally concerned, whenever I see there is a necessity for it, in my judgment, and have commenced the preparation for it by assembling the regiment here and, if it is necessary, shall resort to it, unless the general commanding declares emphatically that it must not be done.

I have but one object in being in the service, which is to advance the interest of my country, and, according to my judgment, I shall strive to do that regardless of personal sacrifices or danger.

Most respectfully, &amp;c.,

H. E. MCCULLOCH,

Colonel First Regiment Texas M. R., C. S. P. A.,

Commanding Sub-Military District of Rio Grande.

CAMP ESPERANZA,

Near Saluria, Tex., March 4, 1862.

Colonel R. R. GARLAND,

Commanding Sixth Regiment Texas Infantry, Victoria, Tex.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to state that on the night of the 27th ultimo a steamer appeared off our bar and made the usual signal-lights. She remained at anchor until the morning of the 28th. It was hazy; I could not see the course she had taken, but since ascertained she was the Lincoln mail steamer, in search of the blockaders.

About 3 p. m. same day two barks, the Midnight and Arthur, hove in sight, coming from the west. They came to anchor off our bar, about 2 1/2 miles from the light-house. The weather has been so boisterous they could not land conveniently until yesterday morning, when the norther subsided.

About 9 a. m., 3rd instant, two launches from the bark Arthur approached the shore, each one bearing a white flag. I caused a white flag to be raised in answer. I met the captain at the Point when he came on shore. He stated to me that he wished to release a prisoner on parole whose wife was also a prisoner, but an invalid. The prisoner was Captain Hopper, owner of the schooner McNeil, which was captured 12 miles to the westward of this bar in January. He said the lady was so ill he could not send her to New York, and she required the assistance of her husband to wait on her; she is badly afflicted with rheumatism.

In my lat communication I informed you of the gentleman's bombastic style; he bragged what he could do with his ship; pointed out the position he would occupy if he wished to shell me out of my position, but said he had no orders to fire on the coast unless he was fired on by us, then he would retaliate. He said he knew the caliber and number of guns I had; my exact position and force. His orders are to blockade and break up all commerce inside, and particularly through the bays; he had the means of doing so. He asked, "Where is Hebert

