
now?" After answering his pert questions mildly, I asked him how he got all his information, and remarked at the same time, "Your informant is not as well posted to have persons gather information and to keep him well informed of our movements. This I told him I doubted. He answered, "I get your latest papers; I can show you the Brownsville Flag and Houston Telegraph," and then said, "If I can get my hands on Lieutenant Maltby I will treat him harshly; he has stated that he chased my two boats' crew 3 miles; this is not so; here is his muster roll." I looked at the document, and saw the names of four men whom I knew, and I learned belonged to Maltby's party. He said Maltby's statement reflected very much on the action of his crew in that instance, and used hard language against the unsoldierlike conduct. He said in a short time there would be 100,000 men in the Gulf, and his party intended taking Galveston immediately. I remarked that his party might take the island with a large army and naval force, but the main-land was close by;' "there from under your ship's fire we would measure bayonets with your armies."

We conversed for a space of a half hour. He changed to politics, and was at the close of the conversation very agreeable. We agreed a white flag would be respected; its absence a fight.

I had the lady carried to a house in Saluria, and the gallant captain not exacting a parole from the poor afflicted woman. I am glad to state what she lacks in strength in her lower extremities is concentrated in her upper. She cannot walk, but she has good use of her tongue, and has given me several items of interest. I would not state that her husband whispers in her ear occasionally. She says her memory is not very good.

There are 2,400 men at Ship Island, intended for Galveston, to be attacked with 10,000 men, time not mentioned. Overheard talk between Kittredge and the captain of the three-masted schooner Kitty Taney. There are thirty bomb-proof gunboats to ascend the Mississippi.

The bark Midnight has six 32-pounders and one Parrott pivot 20-pounder. She has about 66 men, and draws 7 feet water, light; 250 tons burden. Station Pass Cavallo; has four boats, and is a good sailer.

Bark Arthur, station Aransas Pass, at present here. She has the same armament: One Parrott rifle 30-pounder; draws 14 feet water. She has 74 men, well equipped with small-arms, pikes, &amp;c. The attack 2 men on the Santee who have wives and families in Galveston; one of them piloted the attack on the Royal Yacht. Captain Kittredge made a speech to his men, and said as there were no prizes outside he would take them inside. He took a sloop in Aransas Bay, with medicine.

There has been a great deal said about my blockading Saluria Bayou. My object in causing this pass to be closed was to prevent the enemy from getting our light-draught vessels and arming them against us. There are but few in our bays, and if the proper officers intends the trade and commerce to continue through the west bays he will have to arm a few of our best schooners. Whether he does or not, it is my duty to guard well my exposed position and keep such property out of the enemy's possession that he might use to advantage against me.

I informed some speculators who have been here to see me about our blockade at Saluria that I would now let vessels pass with cotton, corn, &c., while there was a chance for them to get down safe. The troops at Aransas have not communicated with me, as I requested Captain Neal to do.

