
I have reported some of the leading facts above stated in my last communication, and Major Forshey has kept the headquarters at Houston posted.

I have not received an order of any character relative to the command of the West. I earnestly request the colonel commanding to issue an order relative to the blockade of Saluria, &amp;c.

The captain of the bark Arthur inquired of the men who had lost the medicines why the schooner did not come down as usual. He said, mentioning my name, I had stopped all vessels going west. He said he would come here and break up my blockade immediately; he has not attempted to do so yet. He said emphatically that he must have two of our best and light Aransas vessels. This history, in connection with my last communication, I thought best to let you know in full and submit to your superior judgment.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAN. D. SHEA,

C. S. P. A., Major, Commanding Saluria, &.,

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. SUB-MILITARY DIST. OF THE RIO GRANDE,San Antonio, Tex., March 12, 1862.

Respectfully referred to the commanding general for his consideration, as it gives information (although not altogether reliable) that of arming a few schooners or light-draught steamboats necessary for the defense of the commerce in those bays.

H. E. MCCULLOCH,

Colonel First Regiment Tex. M. R., C. S. P. A., Commanding Dist.
HDQRS. SUB-MILITARY DIST. OF THE RIO GRANDE,San Antonio, Tex., March 25, 1862.

Colonel SAMUEL BOYER DAVIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I find that many of the most notorious among the leaders of the opposition, or Union men, are leaving the country, principally in the direction of Mexico. Some of them, I have no doubt, are going simply to avoid the draft, and under its operations a participation in the present struggle with the North, while others are going to co-operate with a considerable number that have already entered Mexico, and are now at Monterey and other points, doing all they can to prejudice our cause with the authorities of that country, and prepare the minds of the common people to take part against us in case there ever is a time when they dare call on them to do so, and to act in concert with men of like feelings about Austin, this place, Fredericksburg, and other points where they are still living among us.

I have said, and I repeat, that there is, in my opinion, a considerable element of this character in this section that will have, ultimately (if the war becomes any more disastrous to us), to be crushed out, even if it has to be done without due course of law, or this country-the section in which I am stationed to protect and in which my family reside-will suffer.

In view of these things I have taken steps to prevent as far as

