
possible the passage of these men out of the country into Mexico, by instructing the military under my command not to let any man go unless he is known to be our friend, and not then unless he can produce satisfactory evidence that he is not going to avoid the draft with which the State is threatened and which will come upon it.

I am fully aware of the responsibility of the step I have taken, and how much it perils my reputation as an officer, and how much it exposes my person and my domestic interests-my home, my wife and little ones-to the malignant acts of these cowardly traitors, but I believe it my duty to my country, and in her case I am willing to peril my all.

The force that I will have congregated here in a few days more will be sufficient to enable the State authorities to enforce the draft or do anything else that a military force may be required to do, and while I assure you that I shall take no step rashly or without reflection, I shall use it for the benefit of my country upon traitors a home if needs be.

Most respectfully, &amp;c.,

H. E. MCCULLOCH,

Colonel First Regiment Tex. M. R., C. S. P. S., Commanding Dist.
HDQRS. SUB-MILITARY DIST. OF THE RIO GRANDE,San Antonio, Tex., March 31, 1862.

Colonel SAMUEL BOYER DAVIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Inclosed you will find a copy of a notice stuck up in a prominent place in this city, written in a German hand, and showing plainly that it was written by a foreigner.

It may have been by some to array opposition to that character of the population, but it speaks the sentiments of a large portion of the population here, many of whom are doing all they can to injure our cause secretly, and would do so openly if they dared.

Many Germans and some Americans are leaving here to avoid a participation in our struggle. I have directed the troops to permit none to go to Mexico, unless they have a pass from me, or can produce evidence that they are our friends, and not leaving to avoid doing their duty to the country.

I have indicated plainly on other occasions that I deemed it advisable to declare martial law here at some time, and I think the time has about arrived when it will have to be done.

I have force sufficient in the vicinity to enforce it if I declare it; and if I could know that it would not displease the commanding general it would be declared to-day.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. E. MCCULLOCH,

Colonel 1st Reg. T. M. R., C. S. P. A., Commanding S. M. D. of Rio Grande.

[Inclosure.]

NEWS.

German brothers, are your eyes not opened yet? After the rich took every picayune away from you, and the paper is worth only one-half what you so hard earned, now that you have nothing left, now they go

45 R R-VOL IX

