
about an sell you, or throw you out of employment for Dunhauer, who left his wife and children, wants to do the same with you to the poor you might leave. Now is the time to stay the heads of Dunhauer, Maverick, Mitchel, and Menger to the last bone. We are always ready. If the ignorant company of Newton fights you, do as you please. You will always stay the God damn Dutchman. Do away with that nuisance, and inform everybody the revolution is broke out.

It is a shame that Texas has such a brand. Hang them by their feet and burn them from below.

[Indorsement.]

This was found sticking up since the letter was written; it was in German, and this is the translation.

MCCULLOCH.

Abstract from field return of Confederate States forces stationed on the Lower Rio Grande, commanded by Colonel John S. Ford, for March, 1862.

Present for duty.

Troops.	 Officers.	 Men.	 Aggregate	 Aggregate

 	 	 present.	 present

 	 	 	 and

 	 	 	 absent.

Fort Brown.	 33	 369	 504	 566

Ringgold	 3	 12	 20	 81

Barracks.

2nd Regiment	 12	 284	 310	 321

Texas Mounted

Rifles.

Grand total.	 48	 665	 834	 968

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. ARMY,

Richmond, Va., April 14, 1862.

Colonel JOHN R. BAYLOR,

Governor of Arizona Territory:

SIR: You are authorized to enlist volunteers in Arizona Territory and to muster them into service, singly and by companies, for three years or the war, to be organized as soon as a sufficient number of companies are mustered into a regiment, electing field officers. You will continue to organize regiments under this authority until a brigade has been raised for the defense of the Territory.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR. DEPT., ADJT., AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFF., Numbers 23. Richmond, April 15, 1862.

Parties who have been authorized by the War Department to raise troops in Texas are prohibited from enlisting or receiving twelve-months' men; and all authority heretofore granted by this Government to raise troops in any State is hereby revoked, unless the organization

