
and that troop from California were on the march up the Gila River for this place; and these reports were so well accredited that a few of the citizens more ultra in their Southern feelings than the rest were about [leaving] rather than fall into the hands of their Northern foes, to sacrifice all of their interests in this place, and look for safety among their Southern brethren on the Rio Grande.

Immediately after the departure of Colonel Reily, on March 3, for Sonora, accompanied by an escort of 20 men, under Lieutenant Tevis, I started with the rest of my command for the Pima Villages, where after my arrival I negotiated friendly relations with the Indians; arrested A. M. White, who was trading with them, purchasing wheat, &amp;c., for the Northern troops, and confiscated the property found in his possession; a list* of which I send you. Among the articles confiscated were 1,500 sacks of wheat, accumulated by Mr. White, and intended for the Northern Army. This I distributed among the Indians, as I had no means of transportation, and deemed this a better policy of disposing of it than to destroy or leave it for he benefit (should it fall into their hands) of the enemy.

While delaying at the Pima Villages, awaiting the arrival of a train of 50 wagons which reported to be en route for that place for said wheat (which report, however, turned out to be untrue), my pickets discovered the approach of a detachment of cavalry, and which detachment, I am happy to say to you, we succeeded in capturing without firing a gun. This detachment consisted of Captain McCleave and 9 of his men, First California Cavalry. The captain and Mr. White I send in charge of Lieutenant Swilling to the Rio Grande.

I learned also while at Pimo Villages that at every station, formerly Overland, between that place and Fort Yuma hay been provided for the use of the Federal Government, which hay I have destroyed at six of the stations thus provided. My pickets on yesterday reported troops at Stanwix's Ranch, which is on this side of Fort Yuma 80 miles.

Allow me to say, in conclusion, that I have no opinion to offer in relation to all of these rumors that are afloat, but give them to you as I received them, knowing that your judgment and experience will dictate the proper course to pursue.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

S. HUNTER,

Captain Company A.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SUB-MIL. DIST. OF RIO GRANDE, Numbers 3. San Antonio, April 24, 1862.

I. By virtue of Special Orders, Numbers 525, from headquarters of the Department of Texas, the undersigned assumes command of the Sub-Military District of the Rio Grande.

II. The military posts north, west, and south of San Antonio, including the posts at Victoria and Saluria, are embraced in the Sub-Military District of the Rio Grande. Headquarters for the present at San Antonio, Tex.

III. Major E. F. Gray, Third Regiment Texas Infantry, is assigned to duty as acting assistant adjutant-general, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly. All official communications from posts within the Sub-Military District of the Rio Grande will be addressed to Major E. F. Gray, acting assistant adjutant-general, San Antonio, Tex.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

