
IV. Called by the President to this important position, the general commanding relies with confidence on his fellow-citizens to assist and sustain him in the discharge of his duties. In the belief that they will do it, he will to the best of his ability maintain the honor and dignity of our Government and require a zealous and cordial support and respect for her institutions. Military discipline will be strictly enforced, and no obstacle allowed to encumber the progress of our country to independence.

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier General, Commanding Sub-Military District of the Rio Grande.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. General 'S OFFICE, Numbers 101. Richmond, Va., May 2, 1862.

* * * *

XVI. Brigadier General Hamilton P. Bee will report for duty to General P. O. Hebert, commanding Department of Texas, at Houston, Tex.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

R. H. CHILTON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIST. OF GALVESTON, Numbers 471. Galveston, May 14, 1862.

SIR: In case the enemy should make his appearance off our harbor it will probably become necessary to withdraw the troops from four batteries. Commanders of batteries will therefore make every arrangement to spike the guns of their batteries, destroy the houses and gun-carriages by fire, and fall back to the Houston and Galveston Railroad depot in good order and await further orders. All the ammunition and things belonging to the men that can be removed will be taken away as means of transportation will be furnished. They will not evacuate or spike the guns until they receive orders from these headquarters, unless they are suddenly attacked, in which case they will use their own discretion.

By order of

JOS. J. COOK,

Colonel, Commanding Military Sub-District.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. MANLY,

Commanding Regiment Artillery.

ALTO, CHEROKEE COUNTY, TEX.,

May 15, 1862.

Honorable JOHN H. REAGAN,

Postmaster-General C. S. of A., at Richmond, Va.:

DEAR SIR: I have to acknowledge receipt of your official report, which came to hand a few days since, and for which I am very grateful and much pleased. But I fear, from present indications, with the Federals in possession of the Mississippi River, that in future all mail facilities between Richmond and this country will be cut off for a time. We have varied rumors of a great victory for our forces in Virginia and at Corinth, but for want of through mails all rest on rumor.

