
Although I am now writing you, yet doubt whether it will be able to reach you, but, at all hazards, will risk its running the blockade, in order that I may, through you, call the attention of the Government at Richmond to the fact that notorious outrages are at this time being practiced in the way of plunder through this section from good citizens by an armed party of the citizens of Texas, professing to be Confederate soldiers, and under the command of one Colonel Carter, from Hempstead, near Houston; but all of those professing to be officers acknowledge themselves void of any commissions authorizing them to draft on the Government for supplies, but notwithstanding they are marching eastward slowly with a force of from fifteen [hundred] to 3,000 men, remaining in each neighborhood just long enough to ravage the corn-cribs and smoke-houses of the defenseless surrounding country, and even the defenseless widow meets with no mercy at their hands, as I am credibly informed. They on yesterday, with ax and sledge-hammer, broke into the smoke-house and corn-crib of judge Baxter, near the Neches (with whom you are acquainted), and took therefrom a quantity of corn and meat, as I am credibly informed, and that against the wishes and kind remonstrances of the judge and family. They offer pay at their own price by draft on some individual a city of Houston, and in all probability an irresponsible character. They on yesterday made their boasts that they found an old widow lady in possession of only 280 pounds bacon. They took half.

The good citizens left at home for the protection of families of those gone to the war are in perfect dread for selves and families, and know not what may come next. Instead of our own citizens being a protection, they have become our hourly dread, and while I write I have seen them prowling about from house to house, evidently seeking whom they may devour next.

I trust your Government will take immediate notice of such conduct, and take measures for a speedy suppression of all such unlawful and unwarrantable conduct.

Your friend and obedient servant,

W. W. FRIZZELL.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War. Mr. Frizzell is a respectable citizen.

JOHN H. REAGAN,

Postmaster-General.

GALVESTON, TEX., May 17, 1862.

Brigadier General P. O. HEBERT:

Received following from commander of frigate Santee:

U. S. FRIGATE SANTEE, off Galveston, Tex., May 17, 1862.

To the MILITARY COMMANDANT,

Commanding Confederate Forces, Galveston, Tex.:

SIR: In a few days the naval and land forces of the United States Government will appear off the town of Galveston to enforce its surrender. To prevent the effusion of blood and destruction of property which would result from the bombardment of your town I hereby demand the surrender of the place, with its fortifications and all batteries in its vicinity, with all arms and munitions of war. I trust you will comply with this humane demand.

I am, respectfully, &amp;c.,

HENRY EAGLE,

Captain, Commanding Naval Forces off Galveston, Tex.

Bearer of message stated answer any time within twenty-four hours.

JOS. J. COOK.

