
officer, rendering the evacuation of the city of Galveston expedient, you will see that no citizen subject to military duty be permitted to remain.

IV. The object of this order being to aid as far as practicable in the defense of the city and to guard against the capture by the enemy of citizens whose services the State has a right to claim, you will see that these orders are rigidly enforced and observed.

By order Governor and Commander-in-Chief:

J. H. HERNDON,

Colonel and Volunteer Aide.

To Colonel T. B. HOWARD.

RICHMOND, VA., May 26, 1862.

General P. O. HEBERT,

Commanding in Texas, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: A military department has been formed, comprising the States of Missouri, Arkansas, and that portion of Louisiana west of the Mississippi, and Texas. Major General J. B. Magruder will be assigned to the command as soon as relieved from his present position. In the mean time, as senior officer of the department, its command devolves upon you. You have already been instructed as to the disposition of the armed troops organized in Texas and not wanted in that State. I presume those ready for the field are en route for Arkansas. I have to-day received information that the enemy, in possession of the city of New Orleans, are endeavoring to attract to that city provisions from that part of the Southern coast west of the Mississippi, which must not be allowed, nor can any commerce between him and our citizens be permitted. It may be necessary to send troops to Opelousas too prevent his illicit traffic, but as a camp of instruction has been established at that point, and Colonel Marigny appointed to the command, it is hoped that he will soon organize a sufficient force to control the operations of the enemy in that part of the State. Should this not be the case, and he call upon you for aid, you are requested to send one or more of the organized regiments of Texas, according to the number he may be able to arm, to report to him.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., AJDT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFF., Numbers 39. Richmond, May 26, 1862.

* * * *

IV. The boundary of the Trans-Mississippi Department will embrace the States of Missouri and Arkansas, including the Indian Territory, the State of Louisiana west of the Mississippi River, and the State of Texas.*

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

---------------

*Holmes was assigned to command July 16 and assumed command July 30, 1862. See Series I, Vol. XIII, pp. 855, 860.

---------------

