
I therefore directed myself toward Baton Rouge as the nearest place from whence I could communicate by telegraph with the War Department.

I reached Baton Rouge on the 2nd of May and immediately telegraphed to the Adjutant-General. I awaited an answer until the 4th May. None having reached me and the Federals approaching Baton Rouge, I proceeded to Camp Moore, at Tangipahoa Station, on the New Orleans and Jackson Railroad, where I repeated my dispatch from Baton Rouge, herewith attached and made part of this report.

On the 7th May, being still without an answer, I requested by telegraph to be informed whether I should still await an answer or return to Texas.

On the 12th may I received the answer by telegraph hereto attached, and immediately started on my return to Houston.

I was much delayed by interruption in stage route and crevasses on the Mississippi River and high water generally through that part of Louisiana I had to travel over. I reached here to-day and report for duty.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. BOYER DAVIS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

TANGIPAHOA STATION, May 5, 1862.

General S. COOPER, Richmond:

The Federals being in possession of Baton Rouge, I have come to this place, as I have not yet received an answer to my dispatch of the 2nd, which I repeat:

BATON ROUGE, LA., May 2, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

I have been ordered here by Brigadier General P. O. Hebert, commanding Department of Texas, for the purpose of communicating with you and obtaining instructions.

General Hebert some time since received orders to send all his available troops to Little Rock. Recent events may make it necessary to change their destination, and he therefore applies for further instructions.

General Hebert has several infantry regiments on the march or ready to march; also a regiment and a battalion of mounted men. The infantry he sends via Alexandria, La., the cavalry by the inland route. He advises the dismantling of the cavalry under marching orders, unless wanted in Arkansas.

Transportation is being rapidly obtained, and the want of it delays the troops.

I am prepared to give any information the Department may require.

SAML. BOYER DAVIS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, May 12, 1862.

Captain SAMUEL BOYER DAVIS:

Return to Texas. No definite instructions can be given from here in answer to your dispatches of the 2nd and 5th under present state of things.

S. COOPER.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS, Numbers 45. Houston, May 30, 1862.

I. The following proclamation is published for the information of all concerned:

