
PROCLAMATION.

II. I, P. O. Hebert, brigadier-general Provisional Army, Confederate States of America, do proclaim that martial law is hereby extended over the State of Texas.

Every white male person above the age of sixteen years, being temporarily or otherwise within the aforesaid limits, shall, upon a summons issued by the provost-marshal, promptly present himself before said provost-marshal to have his name, residence, and occupation registered, and to furnish such information as may be required of him. And such as claim to be aliens shall be sworn to the effect that they will abide by and maintain the laws of this State and the Confederate States so long as they are permitted to reside therein, and that they will not convey to our enemies any information whatever or do any act injurious to the Confederate States or beneficial to the United States.

Provosts-marshal shall order out and remove from their respective district all disloyal persons and all persons whose presence is injurious to the interests of the country.

All orders issued by the provost-marshal in the execution of their duties shall be promptly obeyed. Any disobedience of summons emanating from them shall be dealt with summarily. All officers commanding troops will promptly comply with any requisitions made upon them by provost-marshal for aid or assistance. Any attempt to depreciate the currency of the Confederate States is an act of hostility; will be treated as such, and visited with summary punishment.

No interference with the rights of loyal citizens or with the usual routine of business or with the usual civil administration of the law will be permitted, except when necessary to enforce the provisions of this proclamation.

By order of Brigadier General P. O. Hebert, Provisional Army, C. S., commanding Department of Texas:

SAML. BOYER DAVIS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., May 31, 1862.

Brigadier-General HEBERT,

Commanding Department of Texas:

GENERAL: Communications have been received by the President reporting the very destitute and critical condition of General Sibley's command now operating in New Mexico. You were perfectly right in sending the two regiments of cavalry, which had been previously ordered to Little Rock, to his relief. You will also cause to be sent to the western frontier of Texas all the supplies you can for the use of General Sibley's forces. Call upon the Governor of Texas to aid you in this work. The very remote and isolated position of General Sibley's command makes it necessary that you should promptly afford him all the aid you can in men and supplies.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

