
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,

No 46. Houston, June 2, 1862.

1. By authority from the executive department of the State of Texas, all State, military, and civil officers are placed at the disposal of the Confederate Government, for the purpose of enforcing the provisions of the act approved April 15, 1862, and entitled "An act to further provide for the public defense."

2. In virtue of this authority, brigadier-generals of the State militia are directed to appoint an enrolling officer for each county included in the geographical limits of their brigades.

3. The enrolling officers will immediately enter upon the discharge of their duties, and comply with the published regulations from the War Department.

4. County enrolling officers will make their reports, with duplicate rolls of conscripts, to such enrolling officers as may be appointed from these headquarters to certain districts or specified limits, and in the absence of these directly to these headquarters, addressed to Captain Samuel Boyer Davis, assistant adjutant-general, Houston, Tex.

By order of Brigadier General P. O. Hebert:

SAML. BOYER DAVIS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS, Numbers 819. Houston, June 3, 1862.

I. The counties of Austin, Harris, Galveston, Liberty, Chambers, and Jefferson will constitute the Sub-Military District of Houston, Department of Texas.

II. Colonel George Flournoy is assigned to the immediate command of the Sub-Military District of Houston, and will for the present establish his headquarters at Houston.

III. The senior officer present on duty at any post within the sub-military district is the immediate commander thereof.

IV. All official communications will be addressed to the commander of the district, with the form and mode prescribed by the regulations.

By order of Brigadier General P. O. Hebert:

SAML. BOYER DAVIS,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Richmond, June 7, 1862.

General H. H. SIBLEY,

Commanding, &amp;c., San Antonio, Tex.:

GENERAL: I avail myself of an opportunity of communicating with you in a speedy and direct manner through your aide-de-camp, Captain Ochiltree. I rejoice in being able to congratulate you on the distinguished successes of your command, and when I consider your field of operations, the superior number and means of supply of the enemy, and the other difficulties under which you have labored, the conduct of yourself and the army under your command is recognized as most praiseworthy.

With the assistance of the two regiments sent to you from Texas I

