
trust that you will be able to meet the more immediate and pressing exigencies that may arise, and that your own ability and military resources and the valor of your troops may supply comparative inferiority in numbers and munitions of war. Captain Ochiltree will inform you of our condition in this region, and this will be to you a sufficient explanation for failure to re-enforce you to the full extent of your necessities.

With best wishes for your continued success, and with the hope that we may hereafter meet to enjoy in peace the independence for which you are struggling, I am, very truly and respectfully, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 5. Tyler, Tex., June 12, 1862.

I. By virtue of a commission as brigadier-general in the Provisional Army of the Confederate States, the undersigned assumes command of all the troops within the State east of the Brazos River and north of the old San Antonio road.

II. The commanders of regiments, battalions, and companies, within these limits, will report by express to these headquarters as early as possible, giving arm of service, strength of command, character, quantity, and condition of arms, ammunition, camp and garrison equipage, hospital and medical stores, and transportation.

III. I announce as a portion of my staff Major John Henry Brown, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Ben. E. Benton, aide-de-camp, and Capts. A. W. Terrill, E. S. C. Robertson, C. L. Robards, and W. A. Pitts, volunteer aides-de-camp, who will be respected and obeyed as such.

IV. All twelve-months' volunteers, who have not reorganized under the furlough and bounty law or the conscript act will reorganize as early as practicable, and all officers not re-elected will be relieved from duty, and their names reported to these headquarters.

V. All enlisted men under eighteen and over thirty-five years of age, who desire it, will be discharged from the service, and no person who is to be discharged under this order will take part in the reorganization.

VI. All regiments, battalions, and companies north and east of this place (Tyler), including those of Colonel Edward Clark, Colonel W. B. Ochiltree, Colonel Richard Waterhouse, and Colonel Horace Randal, will take up the line of march, with as little delay as possible, for Little Rock, Ark., proceeding by the most practicable route from Marshall and Jefferson, and will report to the commander of the army west of the Mississippi River.

VII. All official communications for these headquarters must be indorsed "Official business," and directed to Major John Henry Brown, Assistant Adjutant-General, C. S. P. A.

H. E. MCCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, C. S. P. A.

JOHN HENRY BROWN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

