
to bring a detachment down, with two pieces of artillery; about half way I discovered the schooner and a large launch gone up Aransas Bay. I immediately sent back men and some of the teams to remove my camp equipage and ammunition into the interior, as I have no guns to compete with the one on board the schooner, from the appearance of its bulk as seen through a glass, being covered with a tarpaulin. It is amidship. I fear they will make an attack upon my encampment. I shall save all of my artillery, but shall lose a portion of things. There has been no boat down from Saluria for the last few days, and I fear they have a gunboat up there and blockaded the inland communication.

I understand from Captain Hawley that the enemy has placed a gun on this bank, but I think it doubtful. They sounded the channel to-day with one of their launches as far down as Hog Island, and Conklin [was] at anchor in a mile of them, but it appears he did not see them.

It I to-day had the gunboats the launches could have been driven from the shell bank, but it seems impossible to do without means to act with. I think they have captured this evening the Monte Christo and cargo. I ordered the captain to burn his cotton and boat as soon as the enemy appeared in sight; whether he will do so or not I cannot tell. I am at a loss what to do with my force, situated as I am. The steamer A. B. and two other boats are at the dredge; Captain Dunn and Cherry, the engineer, left to-day for Lavaca by land, having abandoned the boat, there being no chance to get out. What the intention of the enemy is can only be determined by future events. I shall have to fall back with my artillery, as it is of no use against their gunboat; besides, I have no ammunition suitable for 12-pound howitzer. Should they attempt to come up the cut I shall give them fight. I look for them to-night. I shall order these boats to Corpus Christi, and am now trying to signalize Lieutenant Conklin, who is laying at anchor just below the dug-out. Leonard will give you further information. I have written to General Bee to-day.

Yours, respectfully,

BENJ. F. NEAL.

P. S.-Let no boats start for Saluria.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. SUB-DIST. OF HOUSTON, Numbers 5. Houston, Tex., July 8, 1862.

I. In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 6, from headquarters Trans-Mississippi District South of Red River, the undersigned assumes to-day command of this military sub-district.

* * * *

X. B. DEBRAY,

Colonel, Commanding Military Sub-District, Houston.
HEADQUARTERS FORCES OF ARIZONA,El Paso, July 12, 1862.

S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

GENERAL: Having recently abandoned the Territory of Arizona, and being on the point of starting with my whole command for San

46 R R-VOL IX

