
would aid and assist the enemy in any way from our midst, and we will exert ourselves to our utmost to get rid of this cotton or other means that they may recognize. Would it be consonant with the public interest or the wishes of the department that if we require more aid and assistance we may call on Lieutenant Colonel R. R. Brown?

Respectfully,

R. H. CHINN,

Provost-Marshal, Matagorda County.

CAMP CHARLES RUSSELL, July 19, 1862.

General H. P. BEE, Commanding:

GENERAL: Your official communication of the 16th,* ordering me to repair at once to the different points on the bay and take command of the troops there stationed, was received to-day, and in obedience to that order I shall leave to-morrow. After making the necessary investigation I shall inform you at once of the true state of affairs, and under your approval press with energy whatever measures I may deem advisable in ridding our bays of the enemy. The rumors afloat of their strength and position I think exaggerated. Their impudence is great. Dr. Drill can give you my views, but personal examination may change them. Before receiving your orders I had detailed 50 men, fully armed, to proceed at once to the bay and lie in ambush for the enemy, who I heard were in the habit of landing at certain points. I have carried out the design, feeling that it did not in anyway conflict with the execution of your orders. I intended to accompany them myself. I made a requisition on the ordnance officer of this county for ammunition, being without it ourselves, which was at once complied with. Do not let Dr. Dill resign, if you please.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

A. M. HOBBY.

P. S.-In Captain McCampbell's company there are 100 privates, about half of whom are Mexicans, and they are very anxious to form another company exclusively of Mexicans. This change meet the hearty wish of all who compose the organization. I regard it almost as a military necessity, and feel it would mutually advance the interest of both parties. Orders have to be repeated in Spanish by a non-commissioned [officer], causing delays; besides, in close company association their modes of life, &amp;c., are dissimilar. This matter I respectfully submit for your consideration and trust that it may receive your attention.
HDQRS. SUB-MILITARY DISTRICT OF HOUSTON,[July 25, 1862.]

Captain C. M. MASON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Houston, Tex.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith reports of Captain Owens, Debray's regiment, and the provost-marshal of Matagorda upon the state of affairs at Matagorda and vicinity.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

X. B. DEBRAY,

Colonel, Commanding Sub-Military District of Houston.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

