
called on to perform some police duty-the removal of a suspected person to Wharton County. There are no blockading vessels at present at Pass Cavallo, and we learn here that a portion of the military force stationed there has been removed to some point on Aransas Bay.

Respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

R. H. CHINN,

Provost-Marshal Matagorda County, Texas.

ENGINEER DEPARTMENT,

Harrisburg, July 30, 1862.

Colonel X. B. DEBRAY,

Commanding Sub-Military District of Houston, Tex.:

SIR: In accordance with your Special Orders, Numbers 95, I have examined the defensive works of Sabine Pass and vicinity, and have the honor to report the following: About 2 miles south of the town of Sabine, and on same side of the river, there is an earthwork thrown up not sufficient to protect the four guns that are in it. the shape and figure is also not according to the proper defense, the ground itself about 2 feet too low, and therefore subject to occasional overflow. The location itself is a good one, and has command over vessels that can cross the bar, which has about an average depth of 6 1/2 to 7 feet, with soft, muddy bottom. The armament consists of four guns, of which two are 32-pounders and two 18-pounders. All four are [on] old and unwieldy truck carriages. The powder magazine is not bomb-proof, and also subject to overflows. The whole work is in a dilapidate condition. There is ammunition enough for all four guns, but they have no fuses for shells, nor port-fires, neither guns' level, tangent scales, pass-boxes, friction-tubes, lanyards, &c. About 35 miles up the river there are two 24-pounders on barbette carriages mounted on a shell bank. They are there of no use whatever, as there is a bar with but 3 feet of water at the mouth of Sabine River into Sabine Lake. No vessels of any amount can therefore go up to these guns. They can therefore be employed somewhere else. The pass at Sabine is certainly a very important point, and in fact the only port from where we receive our powder and other articles. It is the nearest point to the West Indies and easy of access. I would therefore recommend the erection of a strong open battery in place of the old one, for five guns (three of 32 and two of 24-pounders), all on barbette carriages. Then take those two 18-pounders and place them half way between the battery and the town, so that they may flank the lower works.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

J. KELLERSBERG,

Major, Engineer in Charge.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,San Antonio, Tex., August 8, 1862.

General H. H. SIBLEY,

Provisional Army, C. S., San Antonio, Tex.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge your favor of the 1st instant requesting information in regard to the troops, military resources, &c., of this department. Please find inclosed a statement of

