
the number of organized regiments, the arm they belong to, stations, and destination. The regiments raised by my authority in the State are mostly armed. The regiments authorized directly from the War Department by orders to individuals and not passing through the headquarters of this department are, I fear, very deficient in arms. Every effort has been made to procure arms and munitions both here and from abroad, but with little or no success. Contracts have been made with responsible parties, with permission given to ship cotton for the purpose, but with meager results. It has been found impossible to procure arms in Mexico or at any of the Gulf ports. I am now making an effort to try importation from Europe by furnishing cotton. Arms of every description are purchased by the ordnance department as they are picked up here and there throughout the State. Mr. J. R. Jefferson, of Seguin, is Government agent to purchase arms, and is assisted by agents at different stations. The State of Texas is making efforts to procure arms by means of cotton, and has an agent already in Europe. Please also find inclosed a report of arms, ordnance, &amp;c., at the San Antonio Arsenal.*

In regard to the quartermaster's and commissary departments, the estimates were to course based upon the number of troops in the department. Arrangements,however, it is supposed, can be made to provide for your brigade by the period of its reorganization. In the matter of clothing the quartermaster's department is only deficient simply owing to the difficulty and impossibility of procuring it. There is an existing contract with the State penitentiary by which a limited monthly supply is obtained. In this respect I may mention that there are now in this department, destined for the army east of the Mississippi, some 500 bales (400 yards each) of gray cloth, in care of Captain Sharkey, quartermaster, C. S. Army. In view of the great difficulty in transportation across the Mississippi, I have directed Captain Sharkey to store the cloth at Houston and to proceed to Richmond for further orders in regard thereto. Should it be found impossible to place the cloth across the river, it might be advisable to appropriate a portion of it to the use of the troops on this side.

Please find accompanying two letters of instruction* from General Lee, commanding the army.

In conclusion, general, I beg leave to say that any assistance in my power to render, as commander of this department, to your command will be cheerfully extended.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. O. HEBERT,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.

[Inclosure.]

Mounted troops.-Colonel Ford, Second Regiment Texas Mounted Rifles, nine companies, furloughed September; Colonel Parsons' regimen, Arkansas; Colonel Debray's regiment, San Bernard River; Colonel Woods' regiment, San Macros; Colonels Randal's, Carter's, Wilkes', Gillespie's, Burnett's, and Burford's regiments en route to Little Rock; Colonel Gurley's regiment, Partisan, Waco.

Raised under authority of General Hindman.-Major Yager's battalion, Rio Grande; Major Brown's battalion, near Houston; Major Waller's battalion, New Iberia; Major Taylor's battalion, Fort Mason; Captain

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

