
Bowles' company, unattached, Galveston; Captains Andrews' and Durant's companies, unattached, Virginia Point; Captain Daly's company, unattached, Galveston; Captain Martin's company, Partisans, en route to New Iberia; Captain Rountree's company, Partisans, San Antonio; Captain Duff's company, Partisans, Fredericksburg; Captains R. Benavides', S. Benavides', and Rhodes' companies, unattached, Rio Grande; Captain ware's company, unattached, Corpus Christi; Captain Brackenridge's company, unattached, Indianola, and Captain Navarro's company, unattached,special service.

Artillery.-Colonel Cook's regiment, Galveston and main-land; Major Shea's two companies, Indianola; Captain Creuzbar's company, Rio Grande; Captain Neal's company, Aransas; Captain Wilson's light battery, Houston; Captain Haldeman's light battery, en route to Little Rock; Captains Willke's and Maclin's light batteries, Rio Grande, and Captain Hill's Partisans, organizing.

Infantry.-Colonel Luckett's Third Regiment, seven companies, Rio Grande; Colonel Garland's Sixth Regiment, en route to Little Rock; Colonel Nelson's regiment, Arkansas; Colonels Flournoy's, Young's, Spaight's, Roberts', Hubbard's, Clark's, Waterhouse's, Ochiltree's, and Allen's regiments ordered to Little Rock' Colonel Elmore's regiment ordered to Hempstead; Major Griffin's battalion, Houston; Major Hobby's battalion, four companies, Aransas; Captain Ireland[s company, unattached, Corpus Christi; Captains Newton's Toole's, Penaloza's, and Boise's companies, unattached, San Antonio.

Mixed commands.-Colonel Waul's Legion, en route to Little Rock; Lieutenant-Colonel Bates' battalion, Velasco, and Lieutenant-Colonel Spaight's battalion, Sabine Pass.

[P. O. HEBERT,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISS. DEPARTMENT, Numbers 5. Little Rock, Ark., August 20, 1862.

The Trans-Mississippi Department is divided into districts, as follows:

1st. The District of Texas, composed of the State of Texas and the Territory of Arizona, Brigadier General P. O. Hebert commanding.

2nd. The District of Louisiana, composed of all the State of Louisiana west of Mississippi River, Major General Richard Taylor commanding.

3rd. The District of Arkansas, composed of the States of Arkansas and Missouri and the Indian country west thereof, Major General T. C. Hindman commanding.

By command of Major-General Holmes:

R. C. NEWTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, Numbers 1. San Antonio, Tex., September 12, 1862.

In virtue of the above order I assume command of the First District of Texas.

P. O. HEBERT,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army Confederate States.

