HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,San Antonio, Tex., August 26, 1862.

CHIEF OF STAFF OF MAJOR-GENERAL HOLMES,

Commanding Trans-Mississippi District, Little Rock, Ark.:

SIR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the major-general commanding, as follows:

The evacuation of New Mexico and Arizona by General Sibley's command leaves the northwestern frontier of this State and its line of posts exposed. Colonel Carleton has joined General Canby, with a force from California, consisting of one regiment of infantry, a battalion of cavalry, and a battery of light artillery, and by intercepted dispatches we are informed intended to occupy Fort bliss. Under the circumstances it will be necessary to evacuate the line of posts down to Fort Clark. Whether an invasion from that direction is contemplated by the enemy further movements will develop. Some time since Captain Eagle, commanding the frigate Santee, of Galveston, demanded, under a threat of bombardments and the speedy arrival of land and naval forces, the unconditional surrender of the city of Galveston, batteries, &amp;c. This was refused. Since then nothing has been done by the enemy, and matters remain as they were. A few days since the blockading force at Corpus Christi, after removing the obstructions in the channel, entered the bay, bombardment the town, landed a small force, which was repulsed, and then retired to their former anchorage. Another attack is expected by General Bee, who I dispatched to that point. The enemy's force is too small to justify an attempt to penetrate into the interior. The landing of lumber on Saint Joseph's Island may, however, indicate future occupation.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. O. HEBERT,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.

CORPUS CHRISTI, TEX., August 28, 1862.

Captain MASON:

DEAR SIR: Nothing of interest has occurred since my letter by the express from Ringgold. I have no news as yet of the schooner, but think she is a war vessel, as she cruised yesterday around the Aransas Bay as if learning the way. Upon her depends my stay here, as without an increase of force Captain Kittredge will not renew the attack; but as it is the post of danger as well as honor, I shall not leave without a word from the general that he needs me at San Antonio. I shall await an answer to this before I leave. Say to the general that I will be glad to get the two Nichols guns sent to me. The Adjutant-General of the State gave me an order for them, or promised to do so, and the guns were supposed to be at Alleyton. wherever they are they will be very serviceable here and of no use where they are, and I hope he will send an officer or agent to bring them here. You know what their weight is and how many horses it will take.

Yours, truly,

H. P. BEE.

