HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,San Antonio, Tex., August 28, 1862.

His Excellency F. R. LUBBOCK,

Governor of State of Texas, Austin, Tex.:

MY DEAR SIR: Although I had made my arrangements to that effect, I found it impossible to leave in time to meet you in Marshall on the 24th ultimo. Matters not anticipated accumulated at these headquarters so as to preclude my leaving at that time: The enemy's demonstration at Corpus Christi, since realized by actual landing and bombardment; the reports of disloyalty in certain counties, since proved well founded by armed resistance to our troops; the evacuation of New Mexico and Arizona by General Sibley, leaving our Northwest posts exposed, and the arrival of his command, with other matters, made my presence here absolutely necessary about the time that I should have been absent. Furthermore, I had some faint fears that the result of the conference might have involved the taking of more troops from this State (a military exodus), which I think it behooves us to at least put a stop to if possible, unless, in the language of the Secretary of War, Mr. Benjamin, "No invasion of Texas is deemed probable; but if it occurs, its effect must be hazarded." The landing of lumber on Saint Joseph's Island is either for barracks for troops or for a naval hospital for the blockading squadron. On the latter presumption, it means but little; on the former, much. Saint Mary's-only 113 miles from San Antonio-and Corpus Christi are no doubt the landing points for an invasion by sea to reach and support the disaffected portions of the State. The evacuation of New Mexico and Arizona by General Sibley's command leaves the way free from that direction. Colonel Carleton, with his California troops, or a portion of them, has no doubt are this occupied Fort Bliss; and intercepted dispatch of his showing this to be his intention. One line of forts will have to be abandoned to Fort Clark. To invade in that direction the enemy have a desert, without water, to cross, and must get their provisions from Missouri. When, nearly a year since, I assumed command of this department I immediately set to work to place it in a defensive position. This, I think, I was in a fair way of accomplishing when my best troops were ordered away. Our intention at the time was no doubt a military justification of the orders issued, yet the effect has been to paralyze my efforts and strip me of means of defense. Tired of negotiating here and filling the position of general recruiting officer for other commands and departments, I have applied to Major-General Holmes, commanding Trans-Mississippi District, to be assigned in the coming campaign to the command of the Texas regiments raised by me, now in Arkansas, and whose commanding officers desire to be under me, from written and verbal communications. In the mean time I will stand at my post and do all I can to defend this department. Should the enemy land or invade from any quarter he shall be fought in some way and with success if we can only get him into the interior. The troops I now have are disposed to the best advantage for the general protection of the coast and frontier, and, owing tot he extent of both, are necessarily somewhat scattered. Our best troops having gone, and the conscript law leaving the alternative to persons under and above certain ages, I am calling out partisan rangers of the class above thirty-five years of age to serve in the State. To troops of tat kind no doubt the military board would not object to extend assistance when necessary and practicable in the way of arms. The infantry regiments stationed near

