
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, Numbers 7. Roanoke Island, N. C., February 9, 1862.

The general commanding congratulates his troops on their brilliant and successful occupation of Roanoke Island. The courage and steadiness they have shown under fire is what he expected from them, and he accepts it as a token of future victory. Each regiment on the island will inscribe on its banner, "Roanoke Island, February 8, 1862."

The highest praise is due to Brigadier-General Foster, Reno, and Parke, who so bravely and energetically carried out the movement that has resulted in the complete success of the Union arms.

By command of Brigadier General A. E. Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Roanoke, February 14, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit a more detailed report of the events that have transpired in this command since my last dispatch to the General-in-Chief, on the 4th instant, from Hatteras Inlet, stating that I was about ready to move upon Roanoke Island with a portion of this command - of about twelve regiments and a half - the hasty dispatch of the 10th instant only giving the general result of the movements spoken of above.

The difficulty of watering, coaling, and provisioning our vessels in the midst of the gale, after they had crossed the swash, was scarcely less than that of getting our vessels into the sound, owing to the necessity of having to lighten every supply vessel over the bulkhead.

On the evening of the 4th instant I reported to Commodore Goldsborough my readiness to start on the following morning, and accordingly we weighed anchor (the naval fleet leading) at 7 o'clock on the morning of the 5th instant, and arrived without accident off Stumpy Point, some 6 miles from the entrance to Croatan Sound, at 5.30 p. m., when the signal to anchor was given. On the following morning (the 6th) we again weighed anchor at 6.30 a. m., but could proceed no farther than to the entrance of the sound in consequence of a thick fog which had set in. The fleet of the enemy, anchored in line of battle, was discovered off Pork Point before the fog came on, which convinced us that the first battery was probably at that point. The remaining part of that day was used in consultation and arranging the vessels for a general movement on the following day. Five of my armed propellers were lightened of their troops to one company each, and were sent forward with the Picket to anchor in line of battle with the naval fleet, under the direction of Captain S. F. Hazard, of the Navy. The remaining two propellers I ordered General Parke to anchor some half mile below, as a rear guard to the transport fleet, which consisted of armed and unarmed steamers and sailing vessels.

We weighed anchor early next morning and passed through the narrow channel at the entrance to Croatan Sound in single file, the head of the naval fleet arriving off Pork Point Battery at five minutes past 9 o'clock a. m., when the first gun was fired. By 10.30 o'clock the action became general, the attack continuing in most gallant style until 6.30 p. m. One of the two propellers forming the rear guard, having on board three companies of troops, moved forward and joined Captain Hazard's division.

