
I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Department North Carolina.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Daniel W. Flagler, U. S. Ordnance Department.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT NORTH CAROLINA,Roanoke Island, February 20, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit for your information the following report of the ordnance and ordnance stores captured on Roanoke Island during the engagement of the 8th instant:

The total number of cannon captured was forty-two. In the inland battery were three, all mounted on field carriages and covered by an earthwork with embrasures. One of these is a heavy 24-pounder boat howitzer; one a 6-pounder brass field gun, model 1864, and the other an 18-pounder brass field gun - probably a Mexican trophy. There were no caissons with these pieces, but the implements and equipments of the pieces were uninjured, and a quantity of ammunition in the ammunition-chest of each of the limbers. In Fort Foster, at Pork Point, were nine guns. Eight of these are heavy 32-pounder navy smooth-bore guns and one a banded rifled gun - this last peculiarly rifled, and has been manufactured by the enemy since the beginning of the war. It has seven grooves, the bottom of the groove being cylindrical in form, intersecting at one edge with the surface of the bore. At the other edge the groove is eleven-hundredths of an inch deep. It has thus but one shoulder, which is at the right edge of the groove, as the twist is to the left. The grooves and bands are of equal width, and have a uniform twist of one turn in 32 feet. The gun is manufactured from a 32-pounder navy gun of 62-cwt. A portion at the breech was turned down to a perfect cylinder, and then wrought-iron cylinders shrunk around the breech, similarly to the Parrott gun. The cylinder, when complete, is 24 1/2 inches long and 1 1/2 inches thick. The few experiments I have been able to make with the gun show that it will compare not unfavorably in range and accuracy of fire with the Parrott gun. The only projectiles found for it were shells, ready filled and fused with the navy fuse. It is mounted en barbette, with the French navy carriage, on a chassis traversing a semicircle. Two of the other guns at the left flank of the battery are mounted en barbette, traversing the entire circle. All the remaining guns have embrasures, and are mounted on the French navy carriage, with platform. The fort has two small magazines. In them and in the fort were found 828 32-pounder round shot, 84 stand of grape, a few shells, and 110 cartridges for the 32-pounder guns. There was also a small quantity of musket ammunition and ammunition for 12-pounder boat howitzers stored in the magazines.

In Fort Parke were found four 32-pounder navy guns mounted en

6 R R - VOL IX

