
of these and of the muskets as will not be required for service in this department I have had boxed, preparatory to any disposition of them the Ordnance Bureau may direct. The greater part of the ammunition found in the cartridge-boxes of the prisoners was so much injured by exposure to the weather that I do not think it worth preserving. In the magazine at Fort Foster were found in good order 40,000 musket cartridges (caliber .69), 2,200 cartridges for Minie rifles (caliber .54), and 134 rounds fixed ammunition for the 24-pounder boat howitzer. The magazines in the forts are generally not well constructed, affording insufficient protection for the ammunition against dampness. They are bomb-proofs, and built of such light soil that in falling weather the dampness easily penetrates to the magazines. If they are to contain considerable stores or ammunition for any length of time I would respectfully recommend that they be reconstructed or replaced by new ones.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. W. FLAGLER,

Lieutenant, Ordnance Officer Department North Carolina.

General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE,

Commanding Department of North Carolina.

Numbers 3. Report of Surg. William H. Church, U. S. Army, Acting Medical Director.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Roanoke Island, February 12, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the killed and wounded of your command consequent upon the attack upon Roanoke Island.

February 7 a small boat, having been ordered on shore to reconnoiter, was attacked by the enemy, when Charles Viall, a private in Company E, of the Fifth Rhode Island Battalion, received a wound in the lower jaw, causing a compound comminuted fracture, from which he will probably recover.

February 8, upon the advance of General Foster the houses and outhouses at the landing were at once prepared for the reception of the wounded, and placed in charge of Surgeon Storrs, of the Eighth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers, his regiment having been ordered there to protect the landing of our forces and hold the position. Brigade Surgeon Thompson now advanced with the troops to take charge of the wounded on the field of battle, where he remained until the battery was taken, assisting in the care of the wounded, and sending them with the least possible delay to the hospital. Through the energy of Dr. Thompson much suffering has been avoided. Finding that there was not sufficient room in these buildings to receive the wounded, we immediately took possession of Ashby's house, a short distance from the first and quite as convenient to the field of action. The Fifth Rhode Island Battalion having been ordered to guard this point, Asst. Surg. A. Potter took charge of it until further assistance could be procured. Surgeon Minis, of the Forty-eighth Regi-

