
ment Pennsylvania Volunteers (owing to the death of Surgeon Weller, by drowning, at Hatteras Inlet, he was detailed to serve with the Ninth New Jersey Volunteers), was very soon placed in charge of this temporary hospital, where there was sufficient room to receive the wounded not provided for. During the action of this day 32 were killed and 174 wounded.* Colonel Charles L. Russell, of the Tenth Connecticut Volunteers, was shot through the lung, and died almost immediately. Lieutenant Colonel Viguer De Monteil, of the Fifty-third Regiment New York Volunteers, was also killed by a ball passing through his brain.

Accompanying this please find a list of the killed and wounded of each regiment that participated in the engagement.+

The surgical portion of your command has performed its duties faithfully and fearlessly, Surg. J. Marcus Rice, of the Twenty-fifth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, having been wounded in the midst of his very arduous duties. The ball grazed his side, fortunately without inflicting a severe wound.

We have found three unusually large, commodious, and well-ventilated buildings erected upon the island for hospital purposes, which will afford ample accommodation for our sick and wounded. The largest hospital at the north end of the island I have placed in the charge of Surg. S. A. Green, of the Twenty-fourth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, and Surg. George A. Otis has the management of the two hospitals near the fort at the center of the island.

I would respectfully ask your attention to the fact that the wounded of the enemy have received the same care and attention from the surgeons as our own wounded. Permit me to take advantage of this opportunity to express our gratitude to the officers of the United States gunboat Delaware, the surgeon having dressed a large number of our wounded.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. HENRY CHURCH,

Brigade Surgeon and Acting Medical Director.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 85.

+The revised statement on p. 85 is substituted for that submitted by Dr. Church.

---------------

