
The Tenth Connecticut was brought up to support the Twenty-fifth Massachusetts.

General Reno then came up with his whole brigade, and proceeded to turn the right of the enemy's position through the swamp on that side. General Parke next came up with his brigade, and I directed him to push forward to the right, following the Twenty-third and Twenty-seventh Massachusetts in the attempt to turn the enemy's left through the marsh and swamp on that side.

In the mean time the engagement was warm in front. The light pieces having fired all but ten rounds, I ordered their fire to cease, and these rounds to be preserved for an emergency, keeping the pieces in position. The Twenty-fifth Massachusetts had expended its ammunition and suffered considerable loss. I therefore advanced the Tenth Connecticut in front of the Twenty-fifth Massachusetts Regiment, and held the latter in reserve.

After the engagement (which commenced at 8 o'clock) had lasted three and a half hours, the Ninth New York (the last of General Parke's regiments) coming on the field, followed by the Twenty-fourth Massachusetts, I directed General Parke to order it to charge. The order was given, and the regiment charged at a run with yells, cheered by the other troops, right up the road at the battery. Major Kimball, of this regiment, exhibited marked gallantry, leading the charge by several rods. The enemy left the battery. Their retreat was, however, a necessity for other causes, for General Reno had at this time turned the enemy's right and was firing into the rear of their battery and charging at the same time into them, and the Twenty-third Massachusetts, at the head of General Parke's column, sent to turn the enemy's left, had also made its appearance on the other flank. The enemy retreated in precipitation, leaving three guns unspiked, their caissons, and the dead and some wounded in the battery. General Reno immediately pushed on in pursuit, and I sent to report to the commanding general the result of the battle and the anticipation of another one at the upper batteries. I then followed General Reno with the brigade, the Twenty-fourth Massachusetts, which was fresh, being in front. I soon overtook and passed General Reno, who was busy in securing the fugitives attempting to escape in boats across to Nag's Head, and pushed forward toward the upper end of the island to overtake the retreating regiments of the enemy.

Just before reaching the fort on the upper extremity of the island I was met by a flag of truce, borne by Lieutenant-Colonel Fowle, of the Thirty-third North Carolina Volunteers, who came from Colonel H. M. Shaw, of the Eight North Carolina Volunteers, commanding the enemy's forces on the island, to ask what terms of surrender would be granted. I replied, none but those of unconditional surrender. He asked what time would be allowed for consultation. I replied, just as long as it will take to get to Colonel Shaw and return, and sent Major Stevenson, of the Twenty-fourth Massachusetts, to bring back the answer. Becoming impatient, I advanced with the Twenty-fourth Massachusetts, but when near their camp as met by the flag of truce returning to say that my terms were accepted. I thin marched into the main camp and received the surrender of Colonel Shaw as commander of the enemy's forces on the island, with all his forces. I immediately ordered Colonel Kurtz, with the Twenty-third Massachusetts, to advance and secure the camp of the Thirty-first North Carolina Volunteers, near by, but his arrival was anticipated by General Reno, who had already secured their camp, with the regiment it contained.

