
The camps consisted of well-built quarters, store-houses, and hospitals all newly built. The forces surrendered numbered in all about 3,000.

The two forts on the island above the one on Port Point are well constructed, and mount in all sixteen guns of heavy caliber, with well-stocked magazines.

After securing the prisoners and arms I went to report the result to the general commanding, and found him in the Port Point Battery, upon which he had advanced with General Parke, supported by the Tenth Connecticut (one of my brigade).

I have only time in this hasty report to notice in general terms the conduct of the troops, and to say that I never saw men stand up more gallantly under a hot fire than did the regiments of my brigade, especially the Twenty-fifth Massachusetts and Tenth Connecticut Regiments, both of which suffered quite severely. Colonel Russell, of the Tenth Connecticut, fell gallantly at the head of his regiment, and after his fall the regiment was commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Drake. I would notice here the gallant conduct of Midshipman Benjamin Porter and Acting Master J. B. Hammond, of the Navy, who commanded the light guns from the ships' launches and were constantly under fire. They both deserve commissions for their admirable conduct on this occasion.

The reports of the several regimental commanders of my brigade, which are herewith inclosed, will show in detail the names of those officers and men who distinguished themselves by their gallant conduct. They all behaved admirably, both officers and men.

With the exception of Captain Hoffman and Lieutenant Anderson, who were on the field with me, and Captain Potter and Hudson, who were engaged in bringing up ammunition and provisions, my aides were on the gunboats Ranger, Hussar, and Vedette - Captain Messinger and Lieutenant Ed. N. Strong on the Ranger, Lieutenant James M. Pendleton on the Vedette, and James H. Strong on the Hussar. Lieutenants Van Buren and Gordon, of the Signal Corps, volunteered as aides at the time and were of great service in carrying orders.

I would mention that Viguer De Monteil, lieutenant-colonel of the Fifty-third Regiment, came up during the action and asked permission to fight as a private. This I granted, and he passed on in front to the position of the Tenth Connecticut, where he stood coolly aiming and firing his rifle and exhibiting the most marked bravery. He fell shot dead toward the close of the engagement.

The colonels of the different regiments of my brigade exhibited marked ability, coolness, and daring.

The Twenty-fifth Regiment was commanded by Colonel Upton, the Twenty-seventh by Colonel Lee, the Twenty-third by Colonel Kurtz, the Twenty-fourth by Colonel Stevenson, the Tenth Connecticut by Colonel Russell.

I am, sir, with great respect, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

Captain LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

