
few of them falling short. This gun was in charge of Lieutenant Dennison, Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers.

Respectfully,

C. CUSHING EYRE,

First Lieutenant Marine Artillery.

Captain DANIEL MESSINGER, Gunboat Ranger.

Numbers 7. Report of Lieutenant James H. Strong, Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS GENERAL FOSTER'S BRIGADE,Pilot Bay, February 10, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to General Foster's orders, on the afternoon of February 6 I went on board the gunboat Hussar to carry out his obstructions. The troops on the Hussar were distributed on board the Highlander, Skirmisher, and New Brunswick, with the exception of one company, detained on board as a guard for the ship and 18 men detailed for working the guns. At 7 p. m. we reported, as directed, to Captain Hazard, U. S. Navy, on board the Picket.

At 7 a. m., 8th instant, Captain Hazard came alongside and ordered us to follow the Pioneer on signal from Picket. This signal we received at 10 o'clock a. m., and as soon as the Pioneer got under way we followed closely. At 11 o'clock a. m. we received signal, "Prepare for action," and shortly after, "Attack." We made all ready; as soon as we were within range commenced firing at the battery at Pork Point with one 30-pounder Parrott and sometimes at the gunboats of the enemy when they ventured range of our 6-pounder Wiard, until a signal from the commodore, "Cease firing," at 6.30 p. m., when we anchored out of range of the battery.

The guns were served with coolness and accuracy by Lieutenant Hedden, of the Marine Artillery, but owing to our draught of water (9 feet 8 inches) we were unable to get as near the enemy as we wished.

Captain Alexander, of the Twenty-third Massachusetts Volunteers, and Mr. Ward, first officer of the Hussar, rendered very material assistance in serving the guns during the action.

I annex report of Lieutenant Hedden, which I requested him to send, in regard to the working of the guns, as it contains some interesting details.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. STRONG,

Aide-de-Camp.

Captain SOUTHARD HOFFMAN, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 8. Report of Lieutenant A. Hedden, First New York Marine Artillery.

GUNBOAT HUSSAR,

Roanoke Island, February 10, 1862.

SIR: In answer to your request this morning I herewith inclose you a statement of the working of guns on board the gunboat Hussar at

