
the bombardment of Pork Point, Friday, February 7, 1862; 102 cap shell from two 30-pounder Parrotts; 82 percussion shell from two 30-pounder Parrotts; 52 shot from one 6-pounder Wiard; 6 percussion shell from one 6-pounder Wiard (fell short). The former had an elevation of from 8^ to 10^ at a distance of from 2 1/4 to 1 1/2 miles. A portion of the firing was directed to a rebel steamer which came under cover of battery but retired soon, evidently having a few shot through her. The Wiard gun (6-pounder) shot with great accuracy at a distance of 2 miles with as much elevation as we could give her, suppose about 11^. The first shot was fired from the Hussar at 11.45 a. m., and continued firing until a signal from the commodore, "Cease firing," at 6.30 p. m., when we came to anchor out of range of their batteries.

JAMES A. HEDDEN,

Lieutenant.

Lieutenant JAMES H. STRONG.

Numbers 9. Report of Lieutenant James M. Pendleton, Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS GENERAL FOSTER'S BRIGADE,Roanoke Island, February 10, 1862.

I have the honor to report that on Thursday, 6th instant, in obedience to orders from General Foster, I went on board the steamer Vedette, to carry out his instructions. I found the vessel armed with one 30-pounder Parrott gun and one 12-pounder Wiard gun, with ammunition, and three companies of the Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers, Colonel Stevenson. I transferred two companies to the steamer Guide, Company F, Captain Pratt, remaining on board, and reported to Captain Hazard at 1.30 p. m. The next morning (Friday), at 7 o'clock a. m., Captain Hazard, U. S. Navy, gave orders to follow the propeller Ranger at a signal from the Picket. At 10 a. m. the signal to start was given, when we followed in the wake of the Ranger. At 11.30 prepared for action, and followed the fleet to within about 2 miles of Pork Point Battery. At 12 m. opened fire from the 30-pounder Parrott gun upon the enemy's gunboats. On their retiring and our coming within easy range of Pork Point Battery we fired also from the 12-pounder Wiard gun with accuracy.

By continual sounding we approached the batteries as near as the draught of the vessel would allow, and kept up the fire as often as good aim could be obtained.

At 6.20 p. m. the signal "Cease fire," was given from the Southfield, when we anchored beyond the reach of the enemy's guns, disappointed at not being able to run nearer the fort. The 30-pounder Parrott gun was well served by Lieutenant Baxter, of the Marine Artillery, not firing except with good aim. The 12-pounder Wiard was faithfully served by Corporal Gilford, of the ---.

Accompanying I have the honor to forward some details of the working of the 30-pounder Parrott gun, drawn up at my request by Lieutenant Baxter.*

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. PENDLETON,

Aide-de-Camp.

Captain SOUTHARD HOFFMAN, Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Omitted as of no present importance.

---------------

