
Numbers 10. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Albert W. Drake, Tenth Connecticut Infantry.
HDQRS. TENTH REGIMENT CONNECTICUT VOLS.,U. S. Steamer New Brunswick, February 11, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to orders to Brigadier-General Foster I beg leave to report the part taken by the Tenth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers in the action of Roanoke Island, February 8, 1862:

The regiment was landed in three detachments during the afternoon, and bivouacked that night near Hammond's house. The next morning at about 7 o'clock the regiment was ordered to fall in, and shortly after moved with the remainder of the First Brigade up the island. We had marched but a short distance before the sound of sharp firing in advance told us that the action had commenced. Arriving on the field the regiment was ordered to form line and commenced firing on the enemy, but owing to the dense bushes on our right and the exceedingly swampy nature of the ground there was room only for the right wing to move forward into position. The left wing was held in reserve a short distance in their rear. Firing was immediately and constancy.

Near the close of the action Colonel Russell was killed. I immediately assumed command, and after the enemy had left the battery formed the regiment, and taking our position on the left of the brigade followed in pursuit. After proceeding up the road some 4 miles I was ordered by General Burnside to march the regiment in rear of the Fourth Rhode Island Volunteers to Pork Point Battery, where we arrived late in the afternoon and found it abandoned. I bivouacked the regiment near the fort until the morning of the 10th, when, in obedience to orders from General Foster, I marched the regiment to the upper end of the island, whence it was transferred to its old quarters on board the steamer New Brunswick. Before closing this report I feel it my duty to say a word in commendation of the behavior of the officers and men of the regiment during the action and to speak of the noble manner in which they all performed their duty. Captains Pardee, Coit, Leggett, and Jepson, who were in the right wing an hottest of the fire, with their lieutenants, showed great coolness and courage, and merit the highest commendation. Captains Leggett and Jepson were wounded.

Appended is a list of our killed and wounded.*

Yours, very respectfully,

ALBERT W. DRAKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Tenth Regiment Conn. Vols.

Captain SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade, Dept. North Carolina.

Numbers 11. Report of Colonel John Kurtz, Twenty-third Massachusetts Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-THIRD MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS,Camp Foster, Roanoke Island, N. C., February 9, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to General Foster's orders, my regiment, at daybreak on the morning of Saturday last, fol-

---------------

*Embodied in statement on p. 85.

---------------

