
troops had been landed the night previous, and about 2 miles below where the action was taking place. After landing I was below General Burnside to advance as rapidly as possible. I accordingly marched the regiment forward, but unfortunately arrived after the battery had been carried. On arriving at the captured fort I reported to General Foster, who ordered us to the front to follow up the enemy.

After marching some distance we met the Fifty-first New York and continued with them until we were halted at the sand hills. From this point we were ordered forward alone to take what prisoners we could, as many were reported to be leaving in small boats. We were accompanied by General Foster. After marching about 3 miles we were met by a flag of truce from the enemy, proposing a suspension of hostilities until the following morning. The reply was given by General Foster, "Unconditional surrender," and time enough given to return to their camp and send back an answer. Major Stevenson, of the Twenty-fourth, was ordered to return with the flag and bring back the reply. After some time he returned with the answer that they surrendered. I was then ordered by General Foster to advance and take possession of their camp. On the way Company H, Captain Daland, and Company B, Captain Austin, were detached and ordered to proceed along the shore and stop any boats that might be leaving with rebels, the remaining five companies numbering about 300 men, and entered their camp, where Colonel Shaw, commanding, delivered up his sword to General Foster, who ordered me to take command. I then ordered the prisoners to be mustered and their arms to be taken possession of. All the muskets were then placed in the quartermaster's building and a guard put over them. While this was being done Private Sanborn, Company K, was wounded in the arm by the accidental discharge of one of the muskets. The officers were allowed to retain their side-arms by order of General Foster. The prisoners were then placed in quarters and a large guard placed over them.

Company B returned from their scouting, having fired upon and brought to a boat containing 10 rebels, including 3 officers. Company H also returned, having captured two boats containing 9 men and 2 officers. They also brought in about 150 prisoners captured in the woods and on the shore. The regiment was joined during the evening by the two companies under Lieutenant-Colonel Osborn. They had been employed in bringing ammunition forward from the landing.

THOS. G. STEVENSON,

Colonel Twenty-fourth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers.

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 13. Report of Edwin Upton, Twenty-fifth Massachusetts Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIFTH MASSACHUSETTS REGIMENT,Camp on Roanoke Island, February 10, 1862.

SIR: At about daybreak on the morning of Saturday, the 8th instant, by order of Brigadier-General Foster, my regiment left the bivouac it had occupied the night previous at Hammond's house, and advanced, accompanied by General Foster, in its position on the right of his bri-

