
gade. Arriving at the ford about one-half mile from Hammond's house, the advance was fired upon by the enemy's pickets. I was immediately ordered by General Foster to throw forward skirmishers, and ordered Company A, Captain Josiah Pickett, to deploy, supported by Company E, Captain Thomas O'Neill. The enemy's fire was returned, and his pickets retired rapidly to and down the main road, followed by the skirmishers. Advancing to about a mile from the ford, they reported having discovered the enemy in position, apparently about 2,000 strong. General Foster at once ordered me to form the regiment in line of battle across the road, the right resting on a clearing commanded by the guns of the enemy, the left extending into the woods and thicket. Fire was opened by both parties, our artillery shortly after getting into position, supported by the right wing of my regiment. I was ordered to and did press steadily forward, bringing our line within about 300 yards of the enemy's battery. Fire was kept up by us without intermission for about three hours until about 10.30 o'clock a. m., when, our ammunition being exhausted, I was ordered to form in column by company in rear of our right, which was done in good order. The men the enemy having left his work, I was ordered to advance in company with the remainder of General Foster's brigade. Arriving at the upper end of the island, I was ordered by General Foster to quarter in this camp, then in possession of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Regiments.

Appended in a list of killed and wounded, amounting to 6 killed and 42 wounded.* I would express my great satisfaction with the conduct of the regiment, both officers and men. It was throughout the engagement of the bravest kind, standing as they did for hours in water to their knees and waists, exposed to an incessant fire of musketry, grape, and shell, with no disposition on the part of any man to waver. The skirmishing of Company A, Captain Josiah Pickett, was performed in a manner that would have done credit to regulars. I can but express my particular satisfaction with the manner in which Lieutenant-Colonel Sprague, Major McCafferty, and Adjutant Harkness performed the duties devolving upon them and the support rendered me by them throughout the engagement.

I am, sir, yours, very respectfully,

EDWIN UPTON,

Colonel, Commanding Twenty-fifth Regiment Mass. Vols.

Captain SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 14. Report of Colonel Horace C. Lee, Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SEVENTH REGIMENT MASS. VOLS.,In Camp of Dough's Farm, February 10, 1862.

SIR: I would respectfully report the movements of the regiment under my command at the engagement February 8:

We had but nine companies engaged, Company D having been de-

