
tailed to serve on board the Ranger. Three of my captains were sick and left on the Recruit. Upon arriving at the scene of action we immediately, by order, filled to the right of the road into the swamp, and formed in line in rear of the Twenty-third. We soon commenced moving to the front and across to the left, firing as we could get an opportunity. As soon as we were uncovered by the Twenty-third, or partially so, being then directly in front of the enemy, we commenced firing. We here met with all the loss sustained. Upon reaching the cover of the woods, finding that we could only fire by company on account of the Twenty-third being partly in front and the Tenth Connecticut partially covering our rear and firing, we formed in that manner, marching out in succession, firing deliberately, then retiring. We were in this manner evidently doing good execution, when orders were received to push on and flank the enemy upon their left. This, on account of the dense undergrowth of vines and bushes, the water and mud being also much deeper, was extremely difficult, and our progress consequently slow. Before we could possibly get through we heard the cheering, and soon learned that the rebels had retreated. After the engagement we, as ordered, followed up the road as rapidly as possible to the rebel encampment. Finding that they had surrendered and were under guard, we encamped on Dough's farm, near there, and now await further orders.

I cannot speak in too strong terms of the good conduct of both officers and men. With scarcely an exception they behaved with the utmost coolness and bravery. Lieutenant Fowler had his sword and sheath deeply indented by a grape shot. Lieutenant Goodale had his sword knocked from his hands and bent nearly double by a ball.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. LEE,

Colonel, Commanding Twenty-seventh Regiment Mass. Vols.

Brigadier General J. C. FOSTER.

Numbers 15. Report of Brigadier General Jesse L. Reno, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE,LATE CAMP 31ST N. C. Regiment, NOW CAMP BURNSIDE,

February 10, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that in compliance with orders from General Burnside I embarked the Twenty-first Massachusetts Regiment and eight companies of the Fifty-first Regiment New York Volunteers upon light-draught steamboats and proceeded toward Ashby's Harbor. General Burnside coming up, ordered me to wait until the boat howitzers, then being rowed towards my vessels, should arrive. While waiting, General Foster, with a portion of his command, passed ahead. As soon as the howitzers arrived they were taken in tow, preceded by the gunboats Picket and Delaware, and under cover of their fire we effected a landing, no resistance being offered. General Foster first reached the shore, then my command, followed immediately by General Parke's, and within twenty minutes over 4,000 men were landed. I immediately dispatched Captain Neill, assistant adjutant-general, to land the Ninth New Jersey and Fifty-first Pennsylvania, all of whom were landed before 9 o'clock p. m. The general commanding

7 R R - VOL IX

