6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 5, 1807. •
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D.D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
thanks to georce peabody.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask leave to introduce a
joint resolution, of which no previous notice
has been given.
By unanimous consent leave was granted to
introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 1)
presenting the thauks of Congress to George
Peabody ; which was read twice. It proposes
to present the thanks of Congress to George
Peabody, of Massachusetts, for his great and
peculiar beneficence in giving a large sura of
money, amounting to $2,000,000, for the pro-
motion of education in the more destitute por-
tions of the southern and southwestern States,
the benefits of which, according to his direc-
tions, are to be distributed among the entire
population, without any distinction, except as
to means or opportunities for usefulness ; and
it also directs the presentation to Mr. Peabody
of a gold medal, with suitable devices and
inscriptions, in the name of the people of the
United States.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to proceed to the considera-
tion of the resolution now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ate lias not yet received any notification from
the House of Representatives that that House
is organized; and the Chair thinks that legis-
lative business cannot be proceeded with until
Congress is organized.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well, then, I will let
it lie on the table for a few moments.
notices of bills.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to give notice that
I shall to-morrow ask leave to introduce a bill
to guaranty a republican form of government
in Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisi-
ana, Arkansas, and Texas, and to provide for
the restoration of these States to practical
relations with the Union.
I also give further notice that I shall ask
leave to introduce a bill to prescribe an oath
to maintain a republican form of government
in the rebel States.
Mr. WILSON gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a joint resolution to
facilitate the settlement of claims for quarter-
masters' stores and subsistence supplies fur-
nished by loyal persons to the Army of the
United States.
bills introduced.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained leave to introduce the follow-
ing bills; which were read twice by their titles,
and oidered to lie on the table:
A bill (S. No. 1) to reorganize the judiciary
of the United States.
A bill (S. No. 2) to regulate certain pro-
ceedings in criminal cases.
A bill (S. No. 3) concerning injunctions and
proceedings in civil eases.
Mr. STEWART. I move that these bills be
printed, I do not expect immediate action on
them ; but I wish to have them circulated
among the judges and to get their opinions in
regard to them before Congress shall meet
next winter.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 4) for the relief of William Shunk ;
which was read twice by its title, and ordered
to lie on the table.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 5)
to extend the time for taking effect of the act
relating to wool and woolens ; which was read
twice by its title, and ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 6) changing the route of a certain land-
grant railroad in Minnesota ; which was read
twice by its title, and ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. SUMNER. I now ask leave to intro-
duce a joint resolution,supplementary to other
joint resolutions to enable the people of the
United States to participate in the advantages
of the Universal Exhibition at Paris in 18G7 ;
and in introducing it I will make a brief state-
ment. The resolution in the form I now pre-
sent it is the one that was adopted by both
Houses, but failed to be presented in season
for the signature of the President. I present
it now with the amendments ingrafted upon it
in the House of Representatives. I hope there
can be no question with regard to it, but that
the Senate will act upon it to-day. I will not
press it at this moment; I will wait till we
hear from the other House.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 2) was read
twice by its title, and ordered to lie on the table.
bankrupt law.
Mr. MORGAN submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolvedt That three thousand copies of the bank-
rupt law be printed for the use of the Senate.
message from the house.
At twenty minutes past twelve o'clock, Mr.
Edwaud McPhebsox, Clerk of the House of
Representatives, appeared below the bar and
delivered the following message :
Mr. President, I am directed to inform the
Senate that a quorum of the House of Repre-
sentatives has assembled and elected Schuyler
Colfax, one of the Representatives from the
State of Indiana, Speaker; and that the House
is now ready to proceed to business.
I am also directed to inform the Senate that
the House has concurred in the resolution of
the Senate for the appointment of a committee
of the two Houses to wait on the President of
the United States, and inform him that the
two Houses have assembled and are ready to
receive any communication he may be pleased
to make ; and has appointed Mr. Henry L.
Dawks of Massachusetts, Mr. S. S. Marshall
of Illinois, and Mr. T. M. Pomeroy of New
York, the committee on the part of the House.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, it
was
Ordered, That AYiliiam Pierce have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. FREYLINGHUYSEN presented pa-
pers in support of the claims of Francis A.
Powc and Eliza G. Kearney to pensions; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
lie also presented a petition of Rebecca C.
Meeker, praying for a pension; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of George
H. Willing, of Arizona, praying that steps be
taken to acquire the territory at the mouth of
the Colorado river; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
committee to wait on tiie president.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, the joint
committee of the two Houses appointed to wait
on the President of the United States and
inform him of their organization and readiness
to receive any communication he might be
pleased to make, have performed that duty and
were informed by the President that he had no
communication to make to Congress at this
time.
thanks to (jeorge peabody.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Senate
proceed with the consideration of the joint
resolution offered by me a while ago.
Mr. GRIMES. Itiustweare not going to
begin the business of the Senate at this early
day by the passage of measures of this kind
without the proper reference to a committee.
It is a departure from all the established cus-
toms of the Senate; and I think it would be
weH enough for us to know something about
the conditions upon which the supposed bene-
faction has been conferred. I eenfess I am
ignorant of them except such information as I
have had opportunity to derive from telegraphic
dispatches in the newspapers.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is mistaken
when ho refers to telegraphic dispatches in the
newspapers. This act was set forth at length
in the documents by which it is recorded,
published in all our newspapers here in Wash-
ington, where I believe the documents 'were
dated. The information in regard to it is
ample. It is one of those rare public acts
which, it seems to me, Congress will honor
itself by honoring. I So not wish to press this
proposition if Senators are indisposed to con-
sider it now. On other occasions they have
considered propositions of thanks for eminent
services, and I know no occasion when they
might more properly proceed to the considera-
tion of such a question without a reference to
a committee than this.
Mr. GRIMES. All I have to say is that
there is no evidence at all before the Senate or
before Congress upon this subject. Accord-
ing to the statement of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, his information is solely derived
from the newspapers published in the city of
Washington.
Mr. StJMNER. And every other newspa-
per published in the country.
Mr. GRIMES. Whether their information
is accurate or not we know not. I am not
aware that the Senate has ever before at-
tempted to pass a vote of thanks without a
reference to a committee, without proper con-
sideration, without, knowing specifically what
that vote of thanks is based upon. I ar$ not
going to interpose an objection so as to throw
the resolution over on my single" objection.
If it be the disposition of the Senate to inau-
gurate business in this way, I shall acquiesce
in it.
Mr. SUMNER. I yield, then, to the Sen-
ator from Iowa, and will let the joint resolu-
tion lie on the table for the present. I regret,
however, that the Senate does not at once and
in the promptest way possible express its recog-
nition of this great and magnanimous bene-
faction.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to proceed to the consideration of the joint
resolution is withdrawn.
paris exhibition.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the joint
resolution relating to the Paris Exhibition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the Senate is
hardly in a condition to proceed with any of
its legislative business ; the committees are not
yet formed; and after the preliminary business
of the morning is gone through with I think
we bad better adjourn and not undertake to do
legislative business to-day. The Senator from
Massachusetts seems to act on the assumption
that because a bill passed at the last Congress
therefore it need not be referred now, and
every one knows all about it; but he must re-
member that one third of this body is new,
and the entire House of Representatives is
new, and it strikes me that in regard to any
legislative business we had better pursue the
ordinary course ; and if there be no other pre-
liminary business of the morning I move that
the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 5, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
members sworn in.
Hon. Samuel J. Randall, a Representative-
elect from the State of Pennsylvania, appeared
and having taken the oath prescribed by the
Constitution and the law of July 2, 18G2, took
his seat.
