1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
COMMITTEE TO WAIT ON TUB PRESIDENT.
Mr. DAWES. The committee of the House
appointed to join such eommittce as might be
appointed 011 the part of the Senate to wait
upon the President of the United States and
inquire whether he had any communication to
make to this Congress, have discharged that
duty, and report that they have waited upon
the President, and have been informed by him
that he has no communication to make to Con-
gress at this time.
ELECTION OF OFFICERS.
Mr. DAWES. I have been requested to
submit the following resolution :
Resolved, That N. G. Ordway be, and is hereby,
declared duly ejected Scrgeant-at-Arms: that Charles
E. Lippincott, be, and hereby is. declared duly elected
Doorkeeper; and that William S. Kins be.andhereby
is, duly elected Postmaster, of the House of Repre-
sentatives for the Fortieth Congress.
The SPEAKER. By the rules of the House
these elections must be viva voce. Is there
any objection to the suspension of the rules?
Mr. BROOKS. What would be the use of
objecting ?
The SPEAKER. If'any member objects,
the rules will have to be suspended by a two-
thirds vote. Is there any objection?
There was no objection.
The resolution was adopted.
The Sergeant-at-Arms, Doorkeeper, and
Postmaster-elect presented themselves, and
were qualified by taking the usual oath of
office.
DRAWING FOR SEATS.
Mr. PRICE. I offer the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That wo now proceed to select seats for
members of the Fortieth Congress in the same man-
ner as seats were allotted for the Thirty-Hinth Con-
gress.
I move the previous question on tlio res-
olution.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman with-
draw that demand for a moment?
Mr. PRICE. Certainly.
Mr. DAWES. I do not propose to oppose
the resolution, but I wish the gentleman to
modify it after a statement which I will make.
Mr. Elihu B. Wasiibcrne, the oldest mem-
ber of the House in time of service has been
comDelled by ill-health to leave the country
for Europe and to be absent from bis seat
here. This ill-health was incurred in the ser-
vice of ihe House upon one of its committees,
and 1 ask the gentleman from Iowa to either
modify his resolution, or else I ask unanimous
consent that Mr. Washbuiine's seat, which he
has occupied for the last four years, may be
left for him, and I will also suggest that the
same courtesy bo granted to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
Mr. PRICE. I will accept both amend-
ments.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts asks that by unanimous consent Mr.
Wasiibcuke, of Illinois, whose health has been
impaired by service on a committee of the
House, and who is now in Europe, shall be
allowed to occupy the seat which he has held
for the last four years.
No objection was made.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman also asks
unanimous consent that the same courtesy be
extended to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
Mr. Stevens.
No objection was made.
Mr. PRICE. I now demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
TERRITORIAL DELEGATES.
Mr. PRICE. It has been suggested that
before the drawing for seats it would be proper
that the Delegates should be qualified. Isimply
suggest the matter for consideration.
The SPEAKER. There have been placed
upon the Speaker's table by the Clerk the
credentials of Delegates from the Territories
of Idaho, Arizona, and Dakota, whose seats
appear, so far as the knowledge of the Chair
goes, to be uncontested. There are also con-
flicting credentials from the Territory of Colo-
rado. •
Mr. BALDWIN. I desire to offer a reso-
lution in connection with this subject.
The SPEAKER. A resolution on this sub-
ject, offered yesterday by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,] was pending at
the adjournment yesterday. If there be no
objection, it will be read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House place upon
the roll the names of Delegates from the several Ter-
ritories whose credentials show prima facie that they
were duly elected as such Delegates.
Mr. FARNSWORTH obtained the floor.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to sug-
gest to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farxs-
worth] that he withdraw this resolution, and
let the credentials of the Delegates be pre-
sented to the House. In cases where there is
no dispute, the Delegates can be sworn in;
and where there is a dispute the House can
make such disposition of the case as it may
deem proper. In relation to the Colorado
case, I desire to move that that case be re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections when it
shall be appointed, with instructions to report
to the House which claimant has the prima
facie title to tffe seat.
Mr. FA HNS WO IITII. Myresolution simply
proposes to apply with reference to Delegates
the same rule which the law provides for with
reference to members. It proposes that the
Clerk of the House shall place upon the rolls
the names of such Delegates as have creden-
tials showing prima facie that they were duly
elected. . It appears to me a singular omission
that a provision of this kind, corresponding
with the provision in reference to members,
was not embraced in the law. There is no
propriety, so far as I can see, in applying to
Delegates whose seats are contested a different
rule from that applied to members whose seats
are contested. Why should a Delegate whose
credentials show & prima facie title to a seat
be required to wait the decision of the Com-
mittee of Elections before, being admitted?
The adoption of my resolution will prejudice
nobody, because the contestant from a Terri-
tory can present his case before the Commit-
tee of Electrons just as a contestant from a
State does.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I think that the
adoption of the resolution will prejudice the
cases of some of these gentlemen, because they
are all included in it, though the circumstances
of the contest vary in different'cases; and I
think that some of these claimants are certainly
entitled to an examination by the Committee
of Elections of the question of prima fade
title. In order to bring the House to a vote on j
this question I move that the resolution belaid
on the table.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not yield the
floor for that motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay on the
table is not 111 order while the gentleman from
Illinois retains the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The resolution cer-
tainly will not, prejudice the rights of any con-
testing Delegate any more than the rights of
contesting members are prejudiced by the law
with reference to members from States, which
requires the Clerk to place upon the roll the
names of such members as shown by their ere- j
dentials have prima facie title to their seats, j
Mr. UPSON. Does the resolution of the j
gentleman include the Delegate from Colorado? :
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It includes all the ;
Delegate? from Territories who show by their ;
credentials that they are duly elected.
Mr. UPSON. I would like the gentleman .
to give me a categorical answer. . j
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have not exam- ;
ined the subject sufficiently to enable me to '
give a categorical answer to the question of ,
the gentleman ; but there is precedent for the
action I propose. We have heretofore given a
seat temporarily to a Delegate and afterward
unseated him. In the Thirty-Eighth Congress,
in the case of the Delegate from the Territory
of Dakota, the House directed the name of Mr.
Jaynes to be placed upon the roll, he holding
a_ certificate issued by himself as Governor to
himself as Delegate. Afterward he was un-
seated, and the seat was given to Mr. Todd,
the contestant; and it so happens every year
that some one is admitted to a seat and after-
ward unseated. I call the previous question on
my resolution.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to make an inquiry
of the Chair. What has been the practice
heretofore in reference to Delegates who pre-
sent prima facie evidence of election?
The SPEAKER. Until the enactment of
the law under which this Congress has assem-
bled and organized, the Clerk placed upon the
roll the names of such as he saw proper to
place there; unless he saw fit to refer it in
some particular case to the House.
Mr. WOOD. I would inquire if there has
been any instance in which any Delegate or
member with a certificate has been denied his
seat in the first instance?
The SPEAKER. Thatis not a parliament-
ary question, and the Chair cannot attempt to
answer it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to lay the
resolution on the table.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to ask a question
for information. I am not quite able to under-
stand what will be the effect of adopting either
of the two motions which have been made. I
understand the motion of the gentleman frota
Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] is that we shall
proceed now to select the name of the man who
shall take his seat as Delegate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That the Clerk shall
do it.
Mr. STEVENS. Under the old rule I think
the Clerk had the power to select the names ;
although the law which we have lately enacted
omitted to include Delegates. •
The SPEAKER. The law states that the
Clerk shall place on the roll only the names
of Representatives from those States rep-
resented in the preceding Congress.
Mr. STEVENS. Should not that be so con-
strued as to include Delegates from Territories
that had Delegates in the preceding Congress?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has conferred
with the Clerk upon the subject, and the Clerk
says that he does not think he has the right
under the law to decide upon the prima facie
credentials of Delegates, or to place their names
upon the rolls, without further direction of the
House.
In reference to the contest in regard to the
seat of the Delegate from Colorado, the Clerk
has informed the Chair that he does not know
liow to decide. The credentials of both claim-
ants have the territorial seal, the one being
signed by the Governor, the other by tha
majority of the board of canvassers.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would state that
the claimant holding the certificate from the
canvassers also has a certificate from the act-
ing Governor of the Territory,
Mr. KOONTZ. I hope the resolution of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farxswortu]
will not prevail, for it makes the Clerk of the
House the judge of the prima facie case. It
will be remembered by the members of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress who are now here that
the Committee of Elections were engaged for
nearly three months in determining the prima
facie risrht to a seat. And I think the Clerk
of this House should not be made the judge of
that question.
The question was upon the motion of Mr.
Wilson, of Iowa, to lay the resolution 011 the
table; and being taken, there were—ayes 77,
noes 47.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas aud nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
