8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
Tlie question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 109, nays 41, not vot-
ing 9; as follows C
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, James M. Ashley. Baker, Banks, Beaman, Ben-
jamin, Blaine, Blair. Boutwell, Bromwell. Broomall,
Buckland, Butler, Churchill, Reader \V. Clarke, Sid-
ney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell. Covode,
CuIIom, Dawes. Dodge. Donnelly, Driggs, Eliot, For-
riss, Ferry, Fields, Garfield, Gravely, Griswold, Hal-
sey, Hamilton, Harding:, Hayes, Hill, Hooper, Hop-
kins, Asahel AY. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Hunter, Judd, Julian, ICelley, ICelsey,
Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, George V. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loughridge,
Lynch. Marvin, McCarthy, MeClurg, Mercur, Mil-
ler, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Myers. Newcomb,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Polsley, Pcrham, Peters, Pike,
Pile, Plants, Poland, Pomeroy, Price, Robertson,
Sawyer, Schcnclc, Scofield, Selye, Shanks, Shella-
barger, Smith,Stevens, Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge,
Twitchell, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Van Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Henry
D. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Thomas Wil-
liams, William Williams, James F. Wilson, John T.
"Wilson, Stephen P. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—109.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Baldwin, Barnes,
Bingham, Boyer, Brooks, Burr. Cake, Chanler, Eck-
ley, -Bldridge, Parnsworth, Pox, Getz, Glossbrenner,
Haight, Holman, Humphrey, Ingersoll. Kerr, Logan,
Marshall, McCullough, Morrissey, Mungen, Nib-
lack, Nicholson, Noell, Phelps, Pruvn, Randall,
Raum, Robinson, Ross, Sitgreaves, Stone, Taber,
Van Auken, Van Tromp, and Wood—41.
NOT VOTIKG—Messrs. Denison, Eggleston, kin-
ney, Loan, Morgan, Spalding, Stewart, Robert T.
Van Horn, and Welker—9.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
DRAWING OF SEATS.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I want to
suggest," while I am thankful to the House for
having excepted me from the drawing of seats
and allowed me to retain the one I have here-
tofore occupied, still I should be glad if the
like privilege were accorded to the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. F. Thomas.] I make
that motion.
Mr. BANKS. I hope tiat will be done.
Mr. P. THOMAS. 1 object to it myself.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman cannot object,
as he is interested ; he has no right to object.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair must entertain
the objection.
Mr. BANKS. He is interested, and under
the rules lias 110 right to object. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. He has the right to object
to anything.
Mr. PAIN E. His objection cannot be enter-
tained, because he did not rise and object.
The SPEAKER. That is a good point, and
the gentleman's objection will not be enter-
tained.
Mr. Stevejts's motion was' then agreed to
unanimously.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the House ordered the draw-
ing for seats to take place immediately.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. 1 desire to make
a motion in reference to papers 
The SPEAKER. The motion to recon-
sider has priority of every other motion except
the motion to adjourn.
Mr. GRISWOLD. The object of my motion
is to delay the drawing of seats until the un-
represented States, the unrepresented States
of the North at least, arc represented upon
this floor. There are six or seven northern
States which are not represented here. As
this is a final drawing of seats I think it would
be more becoming for us to postpone the draw-
ing until the members from those absent States
are here. I demand the previous question.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
61, noes 48.-
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr, HOLMAN moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
87, noes 34.
Mr.HUBBARD, ofWest Virginia, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. CHANLER, I suppose the effect of
the motion is to wait until the southern States
are admitted'?
The SPEAKER. That is not a question of
order.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
DELEGATES i'E.031 TERRITORIES.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move that the
questions presented by the claimants from the
Territory of Colorado for a seat upon this floor
be referred to the Committee of Elections when
appointed, with instruction to report which one
of the contestants has the prima facie right to
the seat, reserving to the other the right of
contest. I demand the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. We cannot deprive the
Delegates of their seats in reference to which
there is no contest. I ask the gentleman to
modify his resolution to include that they
shall be sworn in.
. Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I accept that as a
modification of my resolution.
Mr. DAWES. I think the gentleman from
Iowa should make some provision for notice
of contest.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I intend to leave
that to the report of the committcc.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
R003I FOR DELEGATES.
Mr. BALDWIN: I submit the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Doorkeeper be directed to
assign some suitable room for the common use ot the
Delegates from the Territories, which they can use
for meetings for consultation, and for such othpr pur-
poses as their business as Delegates may require.
The SPEAKER. The Chair had the allot-
ment of rooms on this side for committees, and
there not being rooms enough he had to assign
two or three committees to one room. He was
even compelled to take one of the reception
rooms for the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. RANDALL. I suggest the Delegates
be allowed to use the room of the Committee
on Banking and Currency, as that committee
did as little business at the last session as any.
[Laughter. J
Mr. BALDWIN. I am satisfied there is
great need for this resolution, but I will with-
draw it for the present.
CORRECTION.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I rise to a personal
explanation. I observe in the report of yes-
terday's proceedings as published by the Asso-
ciated Press, that my name is omitted in the
list of the signers of the protest read by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks.] I
desire to make this explanation so the error
may be corrected. It is right in the " Globe."
I do not wish to be deprived of any merit of
the act, nor to shrink from any responsibility
connected with it.
ELECTION CONTEST BIRCH YS. VAN HORN.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
papers in the case of Birch vs. Van Horn, from
the sixth congressional district of Missouri;
which were referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions, when appointed.
ELECTION CONTEST STEWART VS. PHELPS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the papers in the case of Stewart vs. Phelps,
from the third congressional district of Mary-
land ; which were referred to the same com-
mittee, when appointed.
Mr. PHELPS presented some papers in the
above case ; which were referred to the same
committee.
ELECTION CONTEST—jl'cRORTY VS. HOOPER.
The SPEAKER. The Chair lays before the
House the following telegraphic dispatch:
Salt Lake City, March 1,1867.
To Edwakd McPhekson, Clerk of the House:
Take notice, thatl will contest the seatof William
II. Hooper, Delegate for Utah in the Fortieth Con-
gress. Notice sent by express.
WILLIAM McGRORTY.
The Chair will state that the credentials of
the Delegates have not yet arrived by mail.
Mr. CHANLER. I would inquire if he is
entitled, under the rule of the House, to con-
test a seat if he has more than one wife.
[Laughter. ]
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer
any but parliamentary questions. [Laughter.]
DELEGATES SWORN IN.
The SPEAKER. The Chair lays before the
House the credentials of three Delegates, whose
seats are not contested, namely, from Idaho,
Arizona, and Dakota. If there is no objection
the Delegates will appear and take the oath of
office. The remaining papers will be referred
to the Committee of Elections, when appointed.
Mr. E. D. Holbrook, of Idaho ; Mr. Coi.es
Bashford, of Arizona ; and Mr. Walter A.
Burleigh, of Dakota, accordingly appeared
and took the oath of office as prescribed by
the act of July 2, 1802.
tariff bill.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce the following resolution :
Resolved, That tho tariff bill of the House, No. 718,
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, with the pending
amendments, be referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, when appointed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object. I call for the
regular order.
drawing for seats.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
drawing for seats, which must be done in ac-
cordance with the usage heretofore, which the
Chair will state. With the exception of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] and
the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Tiiojias]
who are authorized by the resolution of the
House first to select seats, all other members
will retire beyond the outer row of seats. The
seat formerly occupied by the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Wasiiburne] will be regarded as
reserved for him. Members will remain at tho
outer row until their names are drawn, and
each member as his name is drawn will select
his seat and remain in it until the close of the
drawing; otherwise he will lose his right to
the seat chosen.
In execution of the order of the House
members and Delegates retired beyond the
outer row of seats, and as their names were
drawn reappeared and selected their seats.
election of chaplain.
Mr. BALDWIN. I move that the House
now proceed to the election of Chaplain.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Nominations are now in
order. *
Mr. BALDWIN. I nominate Rev. Dr. C.
B. Boynton.
Mr. PRUYN. I nominate Rev. Dr. Hall,
rector of the Church of the Epiphany, of
W ashington.
Mr. RANDALL. I nominate Rev. John
Chambers, of Pennsylvania.
Mr. NOELL. I nominate Rev. J. C. Berry-
man, of Missouri.
Mr. ROSS. I nominate Rev. Peter Cart-
wright, of Illinois.
Mr. HOLMAN. I nominate Rev. Dr.
Charles Ager, of Aurora, Indiana.
Mr. PILE. I nominate Rev. Mr. Crary, of
St. Louis.
Mr. DRIGGS. I nominate Rev. Ralph Hoyt*
Mr. BANKS. I nominate Rev. George H.
Hepworth.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The State of Tennessee
is not represented on this floor. In behalf of
that State I nominate Rev. William G. Brown-
low. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER appointed as tellers to count
the vote Mr. Baldwin, Mr. Pruyn, Mr. Ran-
dall, and Mr. Pile.
The House proceeded to vote viva voce for
