1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9
Chaplain with the following result, which was
announced by Mr. Baldwin on behalf of the
tellers:
"Whole number of votes cast, 149 j necessary
to a choice, 75 ; of which
Rev. C. B. Boynton received 86
Roy. George II. Hepworth >1$
Rev. Mr. Crary 11
Rev. Dr. Hall 10
Rev. Mr. Derryman 8
Rev. Peter Cartwright 6
Rev. Mr. Chambers « 5
Rev. Mr.Ager 3
Rev. RaU>h Hoyt   2
The following is the result of the vote in
detail:
For Mr. Boynton—Messrs. Allison, Delos R. Ashley,
James M.Ashley, Baldwin, Bingham, Blaine, Brom-
well, Broomall, Buckland, Butler, Cake, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn,
Cook, Cornell, Covode, Dodge,Eckley, Egrxleston, Fer-
riss,Kerry, Fields, Garfield. Griswold, Halsoy, Hami!-
ilton, Harding, Hayes, Hill, Hooper, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Jndd, Julian. Kclley, Kclscy, Ketcham,
Koontz. Lafiin, George V. Lawrcnoc, William Law-
rence, Lincoln, Lonn, Logan, Loughridge, Lvnch,
Marvin, McCarthy, McClurg, Mcrcur, Miller, Moore,
Morrell,Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham,Plants,
Poland, Pomoroy, Raum, Robertson, Sawyer. Selyc,
Shellabarger, Spalding, Stevens, Stewart, Thomas,
Trowbridge, Twitohell, Van Aernam, Burt Van
Horn, Henry D.Washburn, William B.Washburn,
Woiker, Thomas Williams, William Williams, James
F.Wilson, John T.Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Win-
dorn, and Woodbridge.
For Mr. ITcpxcorth—Messrs. Ame?, Baker, Banks,
Boutwell. Dawes, Eliot. Farnsworth, Finney, Hop-
kins, Hulburd, Peters, Pike, Schenek, Scofield, Upson,
and Cadwalader C. Washbi" n.
For Mr. Crary—Messrs. Anderson, Benjamin, Don-
nelly, Gravely, Hunter, Moorhead. Newcomb, Pile,
Pricc, Shanks, and Robert T. Van Horn.
For Dr. Hall—Messrs:. Chanler, Fox, Getz, Mor-
gan, Phelps, Pruyn, Robinson, Stone, VanTromp,
and Ward.
For Mr. Berryman— Messrs. Denison, Eldridge,
Haight, Humphrey, Mungcn, Sitgreavcs, and Wood.
For Mr. Chambers—Mes«r«. Archer, Boyer. Gloss-
brenncr, MeCulloucrh, Nicholson, and Randall.
For Mr. Cartwright—Messrs. Burr, Cullora, .Chester
D. Hubbard, Ingcr^oll, Marshall, and Ross.
For Mr. Ager— Messrs. Holman, Kerr, and Nib-
lack.
For Mr. Hoyt—Messrs. Blair and Driggs.
The SPEAKER. Rev. C. B. Boyxtos hay-
ing received a majority of all the votes cast, is
declared elected Chaplain of the Fortieth Con-
gress.
ASSISTANT STENOGRAPHER.
Mr, DAWES. With a view to complete the
organization of the House, I offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the assistant stenographer of the
last House be continued as such until otherwise
ordered.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MEMBER SWORN IN.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege. I present the credentials of
the member-elect from the State of Nebraska,
who is now present, and 1 ask that he be
sworn in.
lion. JouxTai'fe, Representative-elect from
the State of Nebraska appeared, and having
taken the oath prescribed by the Constitution
and the law of July 2, 3 8G2, took his seat.
1MY OF COXC RJiPSIOXEMPLOYES.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution j which
was read, considered, and agreed to :
Jicwlvd by the Hovnr nf Rr.pre tenia live 8, (the Sen-
ate ♦.•(incurring.') That a select committee of six be
appointed, consisting of three from the Senate and
three from the IIou&c, whose duly it thall he to 1 evise
and equalize the pay of the employes of each
and report a bill to carry out the provisions of this
resolution.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted :
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
x vriox.u, CUUIIEXOY.
Mr. PRICE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill to amend an
act entitled " An act to provide a national cur-
rency secured by a pledge of United States
bonds, and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof,'! for the purpose of having
it referred to a select committee.
Mr. HOOPER, cf Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. PRICE. I move a suspension of the
rules in order that I may introduce this bill
and have it referred. I think tlie gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] would not
object to the bill if he knew what it was.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
House now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Before the question is
put upon the motion to adjourn, the Chair
desires to state to the House that on Thurs-
day next, should the House be in session on
that day, he will announce the Committee of
Elections, the Committee on the Rules, and
the Committee on Mileage, three committees
which are absolutely necessary, whether the
House shall remain in session for three days
or three months. It is true Rule G7 requires
the Speaker to appoint all the committees of
the House unless their appointment be other-
wise ordered by the House. Hut for reasons
which are obvious to every member, the Chair
will not appoint any of the other committees,
unless ordered by the House so to do. Of
course, if the House desires the other com-
mittees to be appointed, and will so order,
the Chair will appoint them.
And the Chair will also state that if there
be no objection he will appoint as a member of
the Committee on the Rules, the member from
Illinois, now absent, Mr. Washburxe, as he
is the oldest member of the House in continu-
ous service. Before Mr. Washburne left for
Europe he subscribed to the oath of office and
filed it with the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives ; and although he has not been for-
mally sworn in as a member of this House, still
as the House recognized him as a member this
morning by assigning a particular seat to him,
the Chair supposes there will be no objection
to the appointment of Mr. Washburxe upon
the Committee on the Rules on account of his
seniority of service in this body.
No objection was made.
Mr. ELDRIDG-E. I would inquire if it is
expected that this House will remain in session
and legislate for any length of time without
having committees ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot tell in
regard to that. But the House has already
ordered that certain matters shall be referred to
the. Committee of Elections when appointed;
and therefore it will be necessary to appoint
that committee. And by a vote yesterday the
House ordered the appointmentof a Committee
on the Rules.
Mr. IN GERSOLL. I would inquire if it is
in order to introduce bills for reference to any
of the committees when they shall have been
appointed?
The SPEAKER. Whenever there shall be
no other business before the House the Slates
will be called for resolutions, tinder which call
bills can be introduced for action or reference.
When so introduced tliey can be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, which at present has no Calendar,
or to select committees; or to standing com-
mittees when appointed : that will be a matter
for the House to determine.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope 110 business will be
inaugurated now. I think I had better move
that the House adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn
is now pending, made by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Farxswoiitii.]
Mr. -PRICE. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Faexsworth] withdraw his motion
to adjourn, and yield to me for one minute by
the clock?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I must decline to
vield.
" Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would inquire of the
Chair if some matters were not referred to the
Committee of Wavs and Means yesterday? .
The SPEAKER. There were no matters
referred to that committee. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Moorhead] asked
leave to introduce some bill for reference to
the Committee of Ways and Means, when
appointed, but objection was made.
The question was on the motion to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at two o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS,
The following petitions were presented under the
rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. BEAM AN: The petition of Governor Henry
H. Crapo and numerous others, citizens of Michigan,
praying that the live per cent, tax imposed upon
manufactures may be wholly removed.
By Mr. DRIGGS: The petition of John Renter and
77 others, residents of Lake Superior, for a grant of
lands to aid in the construction of a mineral-range
railroad in the upper peninsula of the State of Mich-
igan.
notice of a btix.
By Mr. SPALDING: A bill to establish a navy-
yard and naval depot at or near Cleveland, in the
State of Ohio, upon the southern shore of Lake Erie.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 6, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Le Sueur, Minnesota, praying for an
appropriation for the improvement of the Min-
nesota river; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. HARLAN presented the memorial of
W. C. Stripe and others and the city council
of Keokuk, Iowa, graying for an appropriation
of $150,000 for the erection of a building for
a post office, revenue office, and other Gov-
ernment offices at Keokuk; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. CHANDLER presented resolutions of
the Legislature of Michigan, asking for an ap-
propriation for the construction of a break-
water and light-house in the harbor of Port
Austin, for the construction of harbors at the
mouth of the Pentwater and Pere Marquette
rivers, and for the survey of the haibor of
Alpena, at the mouth of Thunder Bay river,
and building a light-house and other improve-
ments there: which were ordered to be printed,
and lie on the table.
paplus withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, it was
Ordered, That James Crutchett havelcave to with-
draw his petition and papers. •
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, it was
• Ordered, That ltear Admiral D. D. Porter have
leave to withdraw his petition praying for an allow-
ance to tlie widow and children of the late Major D.
j P. Heap.
j On the motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, That W. F. Ilalleck have leave to with-
j draw his petition and papers.
[ On motion of Mr. PATTERSON, of Ten-
: nessee. it was
I Ordered, That A. W. Walker have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers.
PACIFIC RAILROAD. *
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Rrsolncd, That the Secretary of the Interior be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate the report ot
Brevet Brigadier General James II. Simpson on tho
Pacific railroad and branches, submitted to him m
February, 1S67.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. HARLAN gave notice of his intention
,! to ask leave to introduce a bill to authorize and
}' provide for the construction of a national mili-
;! tary and freight railroad from the Mississippi
'J river to certain points on the Atlantic coast.
bills intllodvcld.
Mr. SUMNER, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce
a, bill (S. No. 7) to guaranty a republican form
