1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
very threshold of their very important delib-
erations they are willing to pause and commit
thoir way unto Him who never errs. We
thank Tliee for all the guidance that we believe
Thou hast granted unto the legislators who
preceded them, and to many of these who, in
another <3ongress represented, as they could,
through Thine aid, the wishes and sentiments
of the people of this country. Blessed be
God, who did enable them then to accomplish
so much.
And we ask Thee now to grant unto them
and to their new associates here a wisdom which
shall be sufficient to enable them to perform
aright every one of the important duties of
their station. And we pray Thee, that, as
the result of the deliberations of this Con-
gress, and of all the Departments of the
Government associated with them, there may
be peace and union, universal and perpetual,
established over this whole country. And we
know that Thou hast said there must be
purity to precede peace, and there must be
righteousness to render that peace stable. So
may they not forget to lay the foundations
that they are called upon^o lay, and to carry
up the superstructure that may be committed
to them as master workmen, so that justice
and the principles of the gospel of our Lord
and Saviour, Jesus Christ, shall characterize
it all.
May the blessings of God rest on this ses-
sion and on every session of this Congress.
We ask it in the name of Jesus. Amen.
On motion of Mr. RANDALL, the reading
of the Journal of yesterday was dispensed with
by unanimous consent.
DELEGATE SWORN IN.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a question of
privilege, and present the credentials of the
Delegate-elect from the Territory of Utah.
Mr. William H. Hooper, of Utah, then
appeared and took the oath of office prescribed
by the act of July 2, 1862.
CHAPLAIN-ELECT SWORN IX.
The Chaplain-elect, Rev. C. B. Boyxton,
then appeared, and took the prescribed oath.
SINKING FUND FOR NATIONAL DEBT.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to introduce a
bill to authorize the issue of Treasury notes not
bearing interest to be used in providing a sink-
ing fund for the extinguishment of the national
debt.
The SPEAKER. At Ihe adjournment yes-
terday the pending question was upon the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Price.]
to suspend the rules for the purpose of introduc-
ing a bill for reference to a select committee.
NATIONAL BANKS.
Mr. PRICE. My motion is to suspend the
rules in order to enable me to introduce a bill
to amend an act entitled "An act to provide a
national currency secured by a pledge of
United States bonds, and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof;" and to
have the same referred to a select committee,
which shall include three members of this
House, who were members of the Committee
on Banking and Currency of the last Congress.
And I will a#k the reading of a letter from the
Comptroller of the Currency upon this subject.
Mr. HARDING. I ask that the bill itself
may be first read.
The bill was read. It provides that no na-
tional banking association, or any member
thereof, shall, during the time it shall continue
its banking operations, withdraw, or permit to
be withdrawn, either in form of dividends or
otherwise, any portion of its capital; and if
losses shall at any time have been sustained
by any such association equal to or exceeding
its undivided profits then on hand, no dividend
shall be made ; and no dividend shall ever be
made by any association, while it shall con-
tinue it's banking operations, to an amount
greater than its net profits then on hand, de-
ducting therefrom its losses and bad debts;
and all debts due to anv association, on which
interest is part due and unpaid for a period of
six months, unless the same shall be well se-
cured and shall be in process of collection,
be considered bad debts within the meaning
of this act. And when the Comptroller of the
Currency shall have information that the cap-
ital stock of any association has been impaired
by losses or bad debts to an amount exceeding
one tenth of its paid-in capital, it shall be his
duty to appoint an agent to investigate the
affairs of such association, who shall report
the amount of the deficiency ; and the Comp-
troller of the Currency shall thereupon give
notice to the president and board of directors
of the association to make good the capital by
an assessment on the stockholders, or to re-
duce the capital in the amount of losses sus-
tained; and the board of directors shall have
power, upon a vote of shareholders owning
two thirds of the stock, to make an assess-
ment upon the stock for an amount sufficient
to cover the deficiency, which assessment shall
be collectable in the manner prescribed in the
fifteenth section of the act of which this is
amendatory, for the collection of installments
of capital stock", or to reduce the capital in
the amount of the losses sustained, as pro-
vided in the thirteenth section of said act; and
in default of either of these proceedings, the
Comptroller of the Currency shall have power
to appoint a receiver to wind up the affairs of
the association.
Mr. PRICE. I now ask the Clerk to read
the letter which I send to his desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department.
Office of Comptroller of the Currency,
Washington1, March 5, 186T.
Dear Sir: As the law now stands, the entire cap-
ital of a bank may bo lost, the bank may be utterly
insolvent, and may close its doors, and yet the Comp-
troller of the Cuireney has no power to act in the
premises. I have three cases now pendin? where
the capital of the bank lias been impaired by dis-
honest practices on the part of the officers of the
bank. J have instructed agents to examine and
report the tacts in these cases, and there my power
ends, except so far as advice may go. I cannotcom-
pel the banks to make up theso losses by assessment
upon the stockholders: I cannot compel them to
reduce their capital in theamountof lossessustamed,
nor can I appoint a receiver; and I respectfully re-
quest that you will present this amendment and urge
its immediate passage, and that you will oppose any
further amendments that inay serve to complicate
the matter 01 to retard immediate action.
Very respectfully, yours.
II. K. 1IULBUBD, Comptroller.
lion. llntAM Price,
House of Ucpresentatives, Washington, T). C.
Mr. PRICE. I understand the gentleman
from Massachusetts withdraws his objection.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not know what the
appropriate committee is.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman moves to
suspend the rules to refer it to a select com-
mittee to be composed of the members of the
Committee on Banking and Currency of the
last Congress who are members of this Con-
gress.
Mr. RANDALL. I am one of that num-
ber. It is proposed, then, to refer this to a
resuscitated committee. If it be necessary,
then we should have immediate action, and
therefore I move, with the consent of the gen-
tleman from Iowa, that we proceed to consider
it at once.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman with-
draws his motion to refer, and if the rules be
suspended, the House can then proceed to con-
sider it at once.
Mr. PRICE. I withdraw it.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to suspend the
rules to consider this bill at the present time.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I move as an
amendment that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Banking and Currency when appointed
a standing committee of this House. 1 he
proposition as made for the reference of this
bill is unusual and unprecedented. The mem-
bers of the last committee are not members of
this House and practically it could not be_ car-
ried out.
The SPEAKER. That has been withdrawn,
and the gentleman moves to suspend the rules
to consider it at the present time.
The rules were not suspended.
MARYLAND CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
_ Mr. THOMAS. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I present the petition of J. J. Stewart
contesting the right to a seat of Mr. Phelps,
andjnove that it be referred to the Committee
of Electipns with power to report any time.
The SPEAKER. They have the right to
report any time.
The motion was agreed to.
NEW YOKK CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr. BROOKS. I submit the following res-
olution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bo
requested to forthwith make personal inquiry into
the seizures of champagne wines made by the New
York custom-house in the year 1861, referred to in
the recent report of the Committee on Public Ex-
penditures; cause all sut^i prosecutions to bo discon-
tinued if, in his opinion, the shippers or importers
have not been guilty of willful negligence or any
intention to defraud the revenue: and to make a
report to this House of his action, embracing, among
other things, a statement of the facts and circum-
stances upon which the Importers rely for their
defense.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
he doubts whether this House could alone
direct the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. BROOKS. It docs not direct, hut only
requests.
Mr. RANDALL. I object on the ground
that it stops the prosecution of persons who
have violated the law.
Mr. BROOKS. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury has that power already, and my resolution
only calls his attention to it. I move to sus-
pend the rules, and I hope I will be allowed a
word on the subject. Any member of the Com-
mittee on Public Expenditures which visited
and took testimony in New York city who is
within the sound ot'my voice, or any gentleman
on the other side who read the report of the
committee, will readily perceive the necessity
for some such resolution, and I apprehend the
necessity for some further action on the part
of this House as well as other branches of the
Government.
There is no positive direction in the resolu-
tion. The Solicitor of the Treasury has certain
powers now. My object is to direct the atten-
tion of the Secretary to the fact. The princi-
ples embodied in the resolution arise from the
suggestions of the Committee on Public Ex-
penditures. Two persons, detectives of the
Government, have been in Europe, assuming
disguises and using counterfeit names and ali-
ases, which is calculated to discredit the char-
acter of this Government abroad. The object
of the resolution as well as of the Committee
on Public Expenditures, is to call particular
attention to the subject on the part of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
Mr. HULBURD. I ask the gentleman
what action he contemplates under the resolu-
tion?
Mr. BR.OOKS. That it be referred to the
Secretary of the Treasury for such action as in
his judgment may be deemed expedient. I
want his attention called to the fact. If the
Committee on Public Expenditures had pro-
posed any resolution at the conclusion of their
report I should not have proposed any myself;
but as they have left it without any proposition
whatever, I deem it a duty I owe to my con-
stituents and to the commercial interests of
the country, as well as to its honor abroad, to
ask for immediate action on the part of the
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. HULBURD. I suggest that this be
laid on the table for the present-
Mr. BROOKS. I have no objection to
having it lie over, so that it can be called up
hereafter.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for ex-
ecutive information, and there being objection,
it lies over. -
CUSTOMS OFFICERS AND REVENUES.
Mr. HULBURD. I offer the following res-
olution :
Ilcsihed, That the Secretary of the Treasury bo
directed to furnish this House with astati-mpnt show-
ing what number of eollectorsof custom*, naval offi-
cers, surveyors, inspectors of customs er aid" to tho
