12
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
revenue or other officers to prevent smuggling, have
been removed and their places filled by others since
the 3d of March, 1866; also how many additional
inspectors or other officers of customs have been ap-
pointed since that date, and at what compensation:
also what increase of compensation to officersof cus-
toms-has been allowed since that date, particulariz-
ing the office or officer whose compensation has been
increased, and the district to which he belongs; also
a statement showing what has been the expenses of
collecting the revenues from customsduringthe year
the 31st of December, 1866; also what was the ex-
penses of the same during the year ending the 31st
of December, 1865, prepared so as to show tho com-
parative expense for the two years.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for
executive information requires unanimous con-
sent.
No objection being made, the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. HULBURD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted j and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ASSASSINATION OF TIIE PRESIDENT.
Mr. WARD. I offer the following preamble
and resolution:
Whereas an ex-member of the Cabinet has declared
in a public speech delivered at Boston that the testi-
mony given on behalf of the Government on the trial
of the assassins of the late President Lincoln was
suborned, and that one of the accomplices of the said
assassins, Mrs. Surratt, was convicted and executed
without there having been any evidence of her guilt;
and whereas the trial ofsaid assassins was essentially
national in its character, and the public honor re-
quires that this grave and deliberate impeachment
of the integrity of its proceedings shall be investi-
gated and the truth declared: Therefore,
Beit resolved, That a select committee of three be
appointed by the Speaker to examine thoroughly into
said charges, and to report thereon, and that they
have authority to send for all persons and papeis
which may be required in conducting said investiga-
tion.
Mr. WARD. I move the previous question.
Mr. IIOSS. I suggest if this investigation is
to be had it would be better to have a larger
committee than three.
Mr. WARD. I have no objection.
Mr. RANDALL. I suggest another modi-
fication—that the committee sit with open
doors.
Mr. WARD. I will amend by inserting five
instead of three as the number of the com
mittee.
Mr. RANDALL. And also "with open
doors.'-'
Mr. WARD. I apprehend that is not usual,
and I therefore can hardly accept it.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HARDING. X move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. WARD. As there seems to be opposi-
tion to the resolution, I have no wish to press
it now, and will therefore withdraw it till to-
morrow.
custom revenue laws,
Mr. WOOD. I offer the following resolution:
Rssohcd, That a select committee of live members
be appointed by the Speaker to examine into the
practical operation of oxisting laws for the collection
of duties on imports, and to suggest amendments
which shall secure a revenue to the Treasury, reduce
the fees and emoluments of collectors, naval officers,
and surveyors, and protect importersfromoppression
andunjnst cxaction, with power to take testimony
and to sit during the rcccss.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
it' the resolution gives rise to debate it must
go over.
Mr. BROOMALL. I rise to debate the res-
olution.
The resolution accordingly went over.
•WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. SCOFIELD, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the papers
of Vincent Phelps.
TAIUi'E BTLTi.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I offer the following
resolution, upon which I demand the previous
question :
Resolved, That the tariff bill, being House bill No.
718 of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, together with the
pending amendments, be referred to the Committee
of Wa>s and Means, when appointed.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House do
now adjourn; and thereupon (at twelve o'clock
and twenty-five minutes p. m.) the House
adjourned.
PETITION J ETC.
The following petition, &eM wfcre presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. DODGE: The petition of 45 citizens of Har-
rison county, Iowa, against any further reduction
of the currency.
By Mr. STEVENS: A memorial numerously signed
by citizens of the State of New York, asking that re-
publican forms of Government be provided for each
of the States; that legal-tender notes be substituted
for those bearing interest; and that a certain part of
the property of tho rebels be confiscated and sold.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 7, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
THE STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the clcction of the standing com-
mittees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to suspend the rule
which requires, first the chairman, and then the
respective members of each committee to be
selected by ballot.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection? The Chair hears none, and the
rule is suspended.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senators
named in the list which I send to the Chair be
elected to the places designated on the stand-
ing committees.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands the Senator from Rhode Island to
offer a resolution. It will be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Resolved, That the following be tho standing com-
mittees of the Senate for the first session of the For-
tieth Congress:
On Foreign Relations—Messrs. Sumner, (chairman,)
Fcsscnden, Cameron, llarlan, Morton, PaUeison of
Sew Hampshire, and Johnson.
On Finance—Messrs. Sherman, (chairman,) Morgan,
Williams, Van Winkle, Cattell, Henderson, and Mor-
rill of Vermont.
On Appropriations — Messrs. Morrill of Maine,
(chairman,) Grimes, Howe, Wilson, Cole, Conklmg,
and Guthrie.
On Commerce.—Messrs. Chandler, (chairman,) Mor-
rill of Maine, Morgan, Sprague, Corbett, Patterson
ot'Tennessee, and DoohUle.
On Manufacture* — Messrs. Sprague, (chairman,)
Pomeroy, Yates, Cole, and Dixon.
On Agriculture—Messrs.Cameion,(chairman,) Cat-
tcl, Morton, Tipton, and Guthrie.
On Military Affairs and the Militia—Messrs. Wilson,
(chairman,) Howard, Sprague, Cameron, Morton,
Thayer, and Doohttle.
On Naval Affair*—Mes5is. Grimes, (chairman,)
Anthonv, Cragm, Nye, Frclinghuyscn, Drake, and
Hendricks.
On the Judiciary—Messrs. Trumbull, (chairman,)
Stewart, Frelmc?huysen, Edmunds, Conkling, John-
son, and Hendricks.
On Post Offices ai\d Ibst Roads—Messrs. Ramsey,
(chairman,) Conness,Pomeroy, Van Winkle, Harlan,
Moirill of Vermont,andDixon.
On Public Lands—Messrs. Pomeroy, (chairman,)
Stewart, Edmunds, Uattell, Williams, Tipton, and
Hendricks.
On Private Land Claims—Messrs. Williams, (chair-
man,) Howard, Perry. Kiddle, and Norton.
On Indian -Affairs—Messrs.Henderson, (chairman,)
Morrill of Maine, Pvoss, Corbett, Thayer, Buckalew,
and Doolittle.
On Pensions—Messrs. Van Winkle, (chairman,)
Edmunds, Trumbull, Fowler, Tipton, Saulsbury, and
Davis.
On Revolutionary Claims—Messrs. Nye, (chairman,)
Chandler, Howe, Saulsbury, and Patterson of Ten-
nessee.
On Claims—Messrs. Howe, (chairman,-) Willey,
Frelinghuysen, Howard, Morrill of Vermont, Cole,
and Davis.
OntheDistrict of Columbia—Messrs. Harlan, (chair-
man,) Sumner, Henderson. Willey, Patterson of New
Hampshire. Corbett, and Patterson of Tennessee.
On Patents and the Patent Ojfi.ce—Messrs. Willej",
(chairman,) Sherman, Thayer, Ferry, and Norton.
On Public Buildings and Grounds—Messrs. Fessen-
den, (chairman,) Trumbull, Grimes, Ferry, and
Johnson.
On Territories—Messrs. Yates, (chairman,) Nye,
Cragin, Fowler, Ramsey, Ferry, and Davis.
On the Pacific Railroad—Messrs. Howard, (chair-
man,) Sherman, Morgan, Conness, Ramsey, Stewart,
Wilson, Harlan, and Drake.
To Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate—Messrs. Cragin, (chairman,) Drake, andBuck-
alcw.
On Engrossed Bills—Messrs. Fowler, (chairman,)
Sumner, and Norton.
On Mines and Mining—Messrs. Conness, (chairman,)
Stewart, Chandler, Anthony, Yates, Conkling, and
Saulsbuiy.
Joint Committee on Printing—Mossrs. Anthony,
(chairman,) Ross, and Riddle.
Joint Committee on Enrolled Bilh—Messrs. Ross,
(chairman,) Patterson ot New Hampshire, and
Dixon.
Joint Committee on the Library—Messrs. Morgan,
(chairman,) Howe, and Fcsscnden.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think it proper to state
that the change made in the chairmanship of
the Committee on Finance has been at the
request of the distinguished Senator who for
the last six years has tilled that labprious office,
so much to the satisfaction of the Senate and
the benefit of the country. I presume no Sen-
ator would relieve him from that position ex-
cept at his own request.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the resolution oi the
Senator from Rhode Island appointing the
committees.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY.^ I desire to inquire whether
the joint Committee to Revise and Fix the Pay
of the Officers of the two Houses has been filled,
or whether the mode of filling it has been
ordered by the Senate.
The PRESIDENT, pro tempore. The ap-
pointment of the committee has been ordered,
but the mode of appointing it has not been
designated.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 move, then, that the
following Senators be appointed upon that
committee on the part of the Senate: Messrs.
Fessendex, Sherman, and Buckalew.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will take this occasion to state that the mem-
bers of the joint select Committtee on Retrench-
ment on the part of the Senate are Mr. Ed-
munds, (chairman) Mr. Williams, and Mr.
Bucicalew.
APPROPRIATION SILLS.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer a resolution to
amend the rules of the Senate, and I ask for
its present consideration;
Resolved, That the 30th Rule of the Senate be
amended by adding thereto the following words,
namely: "And all amendments to general appropria-
tion bills reportedfrom theoommitteesof the Senate,
proposing new items of appropriation, shall, one day
before they are offered, be referred to the Committee
on Appropriations; and all general appropriation
bills shall be refered to the said committee."
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consont, and agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, urging the immediate
necessity of an appropriation to defray the ex-
penses of a commission to be sent to the
Indian country; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. CAMERON presented a memorial of
the Pennsylvania Anti-Slavery Society, re-
monstrating against the importation of sugars
and other articles of foreign commerce which
are the products of slave laboifj which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MORGAN presented the memorial of
Edward McD. Reynolds, praying to be rein-
stated in the Marine corps ; which was lefeired
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of citizens
of St. Croix county, Wisconsin, praying for a
removal of the five per cent, tax imposed on
manufacturers ,* which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the memorial
presented by me yesterday, praying for the
construction of a post office building at Keo-
kuk, Iowa, be taken from the table and re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
