1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
W
such an extent; but the debates ought to be
printed promptly, and they can be. Perhaps
there is no fault under our present system 5
perhaps the system itself is in fault, and there
should be a greater force employed here at the
close of the session. The British Parliament
meets at four o'clock and adjourns frequently
not until sunrise, and the London Times always
has a full report in, a very long report——
Mr. JOHNSON. And it appears the next
morning always.
_ Mr. ANTHONY. The next morning about
nine o'clock. They take the report and print
it as the debate is going on. I do not suppose
we have arranged for that. I do not suppose
that under our contract with the publishers of
the Globe we have a right to require it. We
require of them, I understand, the publication
of a certain number of columns daily, and that
part of the contract they have fulfilled. But
there should be some arrangement, there should
be a contract by which we should have even at
the close of the session every morning the de-
bates of the preceding day, at least up to sun-
rise, if we sit all night. I think it is proper
there should be some investigation of this mat-
ter, and it is proper that we should ascertain
whether any one is at fault; at least we should
not allow a quarrel between the reporter and
the publishers to keep our reports back. Of
course we only know the publishers of the
Globe. We contract with them and we hold
them responsible, and the reporters are re-
sponsible to them.
The resolution was adopted.
COMMITTEE-ROOMS.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds 1)0 directed to provide a room for the
Committee on Appropriations, and generally to re-
assign the several committee-rooms so fai a#*such
reassignment may be necessary.
DUTIES ON WOOL AXD WOOLEXS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to call up Sen-
ate bill No. 5.
Mr. SU.UNER. Will the Senator allow me
to offer resolutions which I wish to have
printed?
Mr. SHERMAN. This will take but a mo-
ment. I move to take up the bill.
The mouon was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 5) to' extend the time
for taking effect of the act relating to wool and
woolens. It proposes to amend die act of the
last session relating to the duties on wool and
woolens so as to take effect ten days after the
passage of this act; and all duties paid under
that act in excess of the amount of duties in
force on the 1st day of March are to be re-
funded.
Mr. SHERMAN. I introduced this bill for
the purpose of avoiding a practical difficulty
in the enforcement of the law in regard to
wool and woolens, but I find, on conversation
with the Secretary of the Treasury and also by
his letter, which Intend to the desk to be read,
that the construction put upon that law will
relieve the subject from the difficulty I antici-
pated. I should like to have the letter read.
The Secretary read the letter, as follows:
Tbkascry Department, March G, 1867.
Sin: T have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your letter of this date, requesting to be informed
as to the construction put by this Department on the
jcoent act relatingto woolsandwoolens, particularly
as to its eifcct upon soods in bonded warehouse.
I am of opinion that, the rates of duty imposed by
tho tariff act referred to, cannot be held to apply to
goods in bond at tho time the act goes into ctfeet;in
tho absence of an express provision of law applying
the new rates to goods in that condition.
' 1 am, very respectfully, II. McCDLLOCH,
Secretary of the Treasuru.
Hon. John Sherman, United States Senate Chamber,
Washington, D. C.
Mr. SHERMAN. I find by reference to the
law that the duties levied by the new act only
apply to goods imported from foreign countries.
The construction of the Department has always
been that importation is complete when goods
are put in bond. If so, it does not apply to
goods in bond. That will substantially accom-
plish the purpose of this bill, and therefore I
move its indefinite postponement.
The motion was agreed t©.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair resolu-
tions which I ask to have read.
• The Secretary read as follows:
Resolutions declaring ccrtain further guarantees
required in the reconstruction of the rebel States.
Resolved, That Congress, in declaring by positive
legislation that it possesses paramount authority
over the rebel States, and in prescribing that no per-
son therein shall be excluded from the elective fran-
chise by reason of race, color, or previous condition,
has begun the work of reconstruction, and has setan
example to it«elf.
Resolved, That there are other, things remaining
to be done which are as clcarly within the power of
Congress as tho elective franchise, and it is the duty
of Congress to see that these things are not loft un-
done.
Resolved, That among the things remaining to be
done arc the five following:
1. The existing governments which have been de-
clared to be illegal must be vacated, so that they can
have no agency in the work of reconstruction, and
will cease to excreise a pernicious influence.
2. Provisional governments must be constituted as
temporary substitutes for the illegal governments,
with special authority to superintend the transition
to permanent governments republican in form.
3. As loyalty beyond suspicion must be the basis
of permanent governments republican in form, every
possible precaution must be adopted acrninst rebel
agency or influence in the formation of these govern-
ments.
4. As the education of the people is essential to the
national welfare, and especially to the development
of those principles of justice and morality which
constitute the foundation of republican government,
and as according to the census an immense propor-
tion of the people in the rebel States, without dis-
tinction of color, cannot read and write, therefore
public schools must be established for the equal good
of all.
5. Not less important than education is the home-
stead, which mus?t be scoured to the frcedincn, so that
at least every head of a family may have a piece of
land.
Itesolved, That all these requirements are in the
nature of guarantees to be exacted by Congress,
without which the United States will not obtain that
security Tor the future which is essential to a just
reconstruction.
Mr. SUMXER. If the Senate is disposed
to act on these resolutions now I should be
^ Mr. JOHNSON. I object.
Mr. SUMNER. I move then that they be
printed and lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
PAllIS EXHIBITION.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed with tho consideration of joint
resolution No. 2. which is on the table.
The motion was agreed to: and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (S. II. No. 2)
supplementary to other joint resolutions to
enable the people of the United States to par-
ticipate in the advantages of the Universal
Exhibition at Paris in 1807.
It provides that the commission of the Uni-
ted States at the Universal Exhibition 10 be
held at Paris in 1867 shall consist of the com-
missioner general and honorary commissioner,
whose appointment was approved by the joint
resolution of January '2'1, 1806; also ot the
thirty commissioners whose appointment was
provided for by the joint resolution of July 0,
1S66, and of twenty commissioners, whose
appointment is herein provided for.
The commissioner general is to be the presi-
dent of the commission thus constituted, with
■ a vote on all questions that may arise. The
j commission is to meet at Paris as early as pos-
sible before tho opening of the Exhibition,
! upon the call of the commissioner general, and
! when properly organized is to make such rules
! and regulations as may be necessary for effi-
cient action, with power to elect a vice presi-
dent from their own number, who, in the ab-
, sence of the commissioner general, is to pre-
side at all meetings of the commission, and to
I appoint committees and chairmen of groups.
I The commission may designate additional per-
I sons, not exceeding twenty in number, being
: citizens of the United States, known to be
skilled in any branch of industry or art, who
are authorized to attend the Exhibition in be-
half of the United States as honorary com-
"missioners without compensation. The com-
mission may employ a secretary and clerks for
the commission, the necessary scientific assist-
ants and draftsmen, and may engage suit-
able rooms for the commission. No commis-
sioner is to act as agent for the show or sale
of any article at the Exhibition, or be inter-
ested, directly or indirectly, in any profits from
any such article. Fifty thousand dollars, or
so much thereof as may be necessary, are ap-
propriated for additional freights from New
York to Havre ; for transportation and freight
from Havre to Paris ; for return freight of arti-
cles owned by the United States or lent to the
Government by individuals; for marine and
fire insurance on the articles thus lent: for
additional steam-power at Paris, in the "pal-
ace" and the "annex," or supplemental build-
ing, and in grounds adjacent; for the exhibi-
tion of machines, agricultural and other, and
for the erection of buildings to illustrate the
education and agriculture of the United States;
for the necessary expense of collecting, classi-
fying, labeling, and packing ruineralogical and
metallurgical specimens, to complete the exhi-
bition of the mineral wealth of the United
States ; and for the necessary expense of labor-
ers and extra service in the offices at Paris and
New York, and for the expenses of a secre-
tary, clerks, scientific assistants, and drafts-
men, rooms, and other incidental expenses of
the commission. The general agent at New
York, and the commissioner general at Paris,
are to transmit to Congress, through the De-
partment of State, a detailed statement of the
manner in which the expenditures thus author-
ized are made by them respectively.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to make a brief
statement with regard to this joint resolution.
It is, with an amendment which I propose to
send to the Chair, precisely the resolution
which passed the two Houses during the last
hour of the last session, and a copy of which
as enrolled I now hold in my hands. It seems
that the enrolment was not completed till
within a very few minutes of twelve o'clock,
and it failed to secure the signatures of the
officers of the two Houses, and of course was
never presented to the President; but it had
passed both Houses m the form in which it is
now before the Senate. It may be remem-
bered that the House cut down the appropri-
ations of the Senate to $50,000. During the
last hour of the session the Senate concurred
with the amendment of the House: so that
this measure as between the two Houses was a
completed act. It has however failed through
the want of the signatures of the proper ofti-
cers, and I have deemed it my duty, with this
statement, to present the matter thus early to
the attention of the Senate, without however
undertaking in any way to open the main ques-
tion. Were I disposed to discuss that, I should
fail back 011 the original resolution as it passed
the Senate, but I confine myself now to asking
the Senate to adopt the measure which received
the concurrent votes of both branches of Con-
gress, and which, as I have already said, failed
through a want of time or an accident. I am
not prepared to say that there was any negli-
gence in any quarter. It was probably from
the inherent difficulty of the case. Senators
will remember that two years ago there was a
I bill very much in this predicament. There
was an appropriation for a private claim which
had passed both bodies, but which failed to bo
enrolled. I think at that time there was some
unaccountable negligence of one of the clerks.
At a subsequent session that bill was taken up
in the very form in which it was left, and
passed by both Houses. I now ask that Con-
gress should do the same in regard to this
measure. I think indeed it can have 110 hesi-
tation. This appropriation is needed. With-
out it our representation at Paris must fail mis-
erably. In order to complete the conformity
of the resolution with that which passed the
House. I move an amendment to come in on
