16
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
page 3, line fifteen, immediately after the words
'' United States
And for the collection of specimens of agricultural
productions under the joint resolution for that pur-
pose.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in.  
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 1) making appropria-
tions for the expenses of commissioners sent
by the President to the Indian country, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
proposed adjournment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the following resolution from the
House of Representatives:
In the House of Rephesentatives,
March 7,1867.
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That when the
House of Representatives adjourns on Monday next,
it adjourn to meet on Wednesday, the 8th of May
next, at twelve o'clock noon.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that that resolution
lie on the table for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
executive session.
Mr. WILLIAMS; I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tiicrsday, March 7, 18G7.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
reconstruction.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Clerk
of the House of Representatives, inclosing a
letter from the Secretary of State, acknowledg-
ing the receipt of the act to provide for the
more efficient government of the rebel States,
and announcing his purpose to promulgate it;
•which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
contested election.
The SPEAKER also laid before the IIouso
a communication from JohnHogan, informing
the House that he contests the right of William
A. Pile to a seat in the House from the first
congressional district of Missouri; which was
referred to the Committee of Elections.
reconstruction.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a telegram from the
members of the South Carolina Mission Con-
ference of the Methodist Episcopal Church,
now in session at Charleston, South Carolina,
in reference to the passage of the reconstruc-
tion bill; which was laid on the table.
executive mansion.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from B. B. French, late Com-
missioner of Buildings, urging the appointment
of the joint committee of the two Houses pro-
vided for by the provision of the deficiency
appropriation bill making an appropriation to
complete the repairs and furnishing of the
Executive Mansion ; which was laid on the
table.
expenses op indian commission.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, asking that an appropriation of $20,01)0
be made to pay the expenses of the commis-
sion appointed by the President to proceed to
the Indian country and investigate the causes
of the troubles among the Indians there; which
was laid on the table.
Mr. STEVENS. In connection with the
subject embraced in the communication just j
read, I ask leave to introduce a bill making an i
appropriation for the expenses of the coramis- j
sioners sent by the President to the Indian
country.
No "objection was made; and the bill was
introduced, and read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. It appropriates
the sum of $20,000 to pay the expenses of
commissioners sent by the President to the
Indian country.
Mr. STEVENS. I call the previous ques-
tion on the bill.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adjournment of the house.
Mr. POMEROY. I offer the following res-
olution, which is privileged, and upon it I call
the previous question.
Re-solved by the House of Representatively (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That when the Senate and House of
Representatives adjourn on Monday next, they re-
spectively adjourn to meet on Wednesday, the 8th
day of May next, at twelve o'clock noon.
The question was upon seconding the pre-
vious question.
Mr. MCJNGEN. I desire to move to amend
the resolution by striking out the words 1' 8th
day of May" and inserting the words "first
Monday in December."
The SPEAKER. The amendmenl is not
in order at this time, pending the call for the
previous question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will it be in order to
move to amend the resolution should the call
for the previous question not be seconded?
The SPEAKER. If the call for the pre-
vious question shall not be seconded, amend-
ments will be in order.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Pomeroy] withdraw his call
for the previous question for a moment?
Mr. POMEROY. For what purpose?
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to suggest a mod-
ification of the resolution, which I think should
be made.
Mr. POMEROY. I will yield to the gentle-
man for that purpose.
Mr. STEVENS. As the resolution now
reads it provides for an adjsurnment of both
Houses on Monday next. It may be that the
Senate will not be prepared to adjourn by that
time. I think the resolution should be modi-
fied so as to provide only for an adjournment
of the House. If the Senate are of opinion
that they can properly adjourn on Monday
next, they can amend the resolution to that
effect.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the suggestion of
the gentleman is a very proper one; and I
accordingly modify the resolution so as to pro-
vide only for the adjournment of the House on
Monday next.
The resolution, as modified, was as follows :
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Senate
concurring.) That when the House of Representa-
tives adjourn on Monday next, it be to meeton Wed-
nesday, the 8th day of May next, at twelve o'clock
noon.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would suggest
another modification of the resolution. I sup-
pose that the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Pomeroy] desires to provide that the House
shall take a recess from Monday next to the
day named. If that is his meaning he should
say so in the resolution, for it is manifest that
the one House cannot adjourn without the
other.
Mr. POMEROY. I will state that the
language of the Constitution is—
"Neither House, during the session of Congress,
shall, without the consent of the other, adjourn for
more than three days."
I demand the previous question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
50, no 'a 40.
So tiie previous question was seconded.
Mr. IIOLMAN moved that the whole subject
be laid on the table ; and on that motion de-
manded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 34, nays 102, not voting
24 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Archer, Delos R. Ashley,
Barnes, Burr, Chonler, Drive's, Eldridge, Parnsworth,
Fox, Getz, O-lossbrenner. Gravely. Hill, Holman,
Loan, Logan, Marshall, MeClurg, Morgan, Moi-ris-
sey, Mungen, Newcomb, Niblaok, Kicholson, Orth,
Randall. Ross, Shanks, Sitgreaves, Stewart, Van
Auken, Robert X. Van Horn, and Van Tromp—31.
KAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, James M. .Ashley,
Baker. Banks. Beam an, Bingham, Blaine, Blair,Bout-
well, Boyer, Bromwcll, BroomaU, Buckland, Butler,
Churchill, Reacl.-r W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Coburn, Cornell, Covode. Dawes, Do,dgc,. Donnelly,
Eekley, Egglestou, Eliot, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Gar-
field, Griswold, Haight, Hasley, Hamilton, Harding,
Hayes, Hooper, Hopkins, Asahcl Hr. Hubbard, Ches-
ter D. Hubbjrd, Hulburd, Hunter, Judd, Julian, Kel-
ley, Ketcha-i), Kitchen, Koontz, Latim. George V.
Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Lougliritlge,
Lynch,Marvin, McCarthy, McCullough, Mercnr. Mil-
ler, Moore, Moorhead, Morroll, Myers, Noell, O'Neill,
Paine, Perham, Peters, Phelps, Pile, Plants, Polsley,
Pomeroy, Price, Pruyn, Raum, Robertson, Robinson,
Sawyer, Sco field, Sliellabargei, Spalding, Stone, Ta-
ber, TalFe, Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge, Twitchell,
(Jpson, Burt Van Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Welkcr. William Wil-
liams, Jame3 P. Wilson, Stephen P. Wilson, Wood,
and Woodbridgc—102. . .
K0T VO'CI X(r—Messrs.Baldwin, Benj amin,Brooks,
Cake, Cook, Cullom.Denison, Finney, Humphrey, In-
gersoll, Kelsey, Kerr, Pike, Poland, Sehenek, Sclye,
Smith, Stevens, Van Aornam, Van Wyck,-Henry D.
Washburn, Thomas Williams, John T. Wilson, and
Windom—24.
Settle House refused to lay the subject on
the table.
The main question was then ordered.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. POMEROY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from tiie'senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had concurred in the resolution
of the House providing for the appointment
of a select committee to revise and equalize
the pay of the employes of each House.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed a concurrent resolution providing for
the continuance of the joint Committee on
Retrenchmentduringthe Fortieth Congress; in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
joint committee on retrenchment.'
The SPEAKER laid before the House the'
following message from the Senate :
In the Senate of tiik United States,
March 6, 1867.
Repaired by the Senate (the House of Representatives
concurring,) That the joint select Committee on Re-
trenchment, raised by a concurrent resolution of the
two Houses at the first session ot the Xhirty-Xmth
Congress, be, and the same is hereby, renewed and
continued for and during the Fortieth Congress, with
all and the feauie powers _and duties appertaining
thereto in said Thirty-Ninth r:rc and with
power in its members to administer oaths ; and that
any vacancies existing in said committee be filled
by the Presiding Cfficer ot each Hou^e respectively.
Attest: J. W. FORNEY, Secretary.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is the question of con-
currence debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope that committee
will not be again renewed. From the begin-
ning it has been engaged in destroying the
Union instead of preserving it.
The SPEAKER. This is a resolution in
reference to the joint Committee on Retrench-
ment, and not the joint Committee on Recon-
struction. [Laughter.]
