18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I move that it be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
printed.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
it will be so ordered.
Mr. BROO-KS. What is the question ?
The SPEAKER. The resolution has been
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to reconsider the
reference
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I call the pre-
vious question on the motion to refer.
Air. BROOKS. I rise to a point of order.
I am not to bo silenccd in this way. The Chair
announced that the petition had been referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary. The Chair
decided that emphatically, and thereupon I
rose and moved to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will overrule
the point of order. The gentleman from New
York has served long enough in the House to
be apprised of the fact that when a gentleman
makes a motion, unless some gentleman rises
and objects, the House is considered as con-
curring in the motion. The gentleman is also
aware of the fact that the gentleman who pre-
sents a paper is entitled to the floor if it is
debated.
Mr. BROOKS. Oue word.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot argue
the question, but overrules the point of order.
The gentleman may take an appeal.
Mr. BROOKS. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair,
The SPEAKER. The gentleman takes an
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. BROOKS. Let me state the point of
order. When the Chair announces that a mat-
ter is referred to a committee the matter lias
been referred, and it. is a final decision upon
the question. Such was the announcement in
this ease, and thereupon the member who had
the floor lost his title to it. I then rose and
moved to reconsider the question and to speak
on that question, nnd I claim that I had the
right to the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a
right to appeal from the decision of the Chair.
.Mr. BROOKS. The floor was abandoned
by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Siiei.la-
bargeu] when the Chair announced that his
motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The gentleman is
mistaken. I had not abandoned the floor.
The SPEAKER. The recollection of the
Chair is confirmed by the reporters of the
Globe, who heard him say that if there was no
objection the petition would be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BROOKS. I will move to reconsider
the vote by which the reference was made.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sheli,a-
karoer] is entitled to the floor, if he claims it.
Mr. BROOKS. I withdraw my appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I now insist on
the previous question on my motion to refer
the petition.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered, being upon the
motion to refer.
Mr. OUANLER. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Ciiaxlek.
and Shellabaroer were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 90, noes 29.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHELLABARGER moved to reconsider
the vote by which the petition was referred;
and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pay or army officers.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I yield now to my
colleague [Mr. Schexck.] to offer a resolution.
Mr. SCHEXCK, by" unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to :
Sesohed, That the Paymaster General of the Army
be directed to communicate to this House a tabular
statement, accompanied by proper explanations,
which shall clearly exhibit the full and exact amount
of compensation paid by the Government to each
and every grade of officers in the United States Army,
indicating distinctly and separately the amount of
pay proper, and the amount ot each allowance or
commutation of Allowance, either in kindorin money,
and the aggregate of pay and allowances to every
officer, according to his grade or rank and length of
service.
Mr. STEVENS. In connection with .the
resolution just adopted, I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce a bill—with a view to put it
upon its passage — a bill to repeal an act to
retrocedc the county of Alexandria, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to the State of Virginia, and
for other purposes.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I will move a sus-
pension of the rules.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I cannot yield for
that purpose, but I will yield for a moment to
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ross.]
coxgiiessioxal temperance association.
Mr. ROSS, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the use of the Hall of the House of
Representatives bo granted to the Congressional Tcm-
perauce Association un Sunday evening next.
rights of citizens abroad.
Mr. ROBINSON. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Ashley] to yield me the floor for
a moment that I may offer a resolution of
inquiry.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I yield for that
purpose.
Jlr. ROBINSON, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to.
Jtcsnlved, That the President of the United States,
is hereby i ettacsted to communicate to this House all
correapondciH-o, documents, and proceedings in pos-
session of the Departments relating to the arrest,
iinpnsomnent,_ and treatment of American citizens
m i Britain, or its Provinces within two years
last past.
protection of michigan fisheries.
Mr. 1'EKRY, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a joint resolution of the Legislature of
the Stare of Michigan, asking for the protec-
tion of the fisheries in the upper peninsula of
that State to the people of the State and the
Uni«ed States ; which was laid on the table,"
and ordered to be printed.
endowment of fioialh colleges.
Mr. FERRY, by unanimous consent, also
presented a joint resolution of the Legislature
of the State of Michigan, asking an appro-
priation of land by Congress to endow female
colleges in the several States ; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
navigation improvement in michigan.
Mr. EERRY, by unanimous consent, also
presented a joint resolution of the Legislature
of Michigan asking for a grant of land to said
State to aid in deepening the channel between
Lake Superior and Eagle Harbor, in the county
of Keweenaw ; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
order of business.
Mr. UPSON. I ask unanimous consent to
present joint resolutions of the Legislature of
the State of Michigan.
Mr. HARDING objected.
dismissal of illinois soldiers.
Mr. HARDING asked unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War bo respect-
fully requested to communicate to this House the
information contained in the War Department rela-
tive to the dismissal of soldiers of company B, fifty-
eighth regiment of Illinois volunteer infantry from
the scrviceof theUnited States.
Mr. UPSON. I object.
impeachment op the president.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege, and present the following
resolution:
Whereas the House of Representatives of the
I will hear it.
The amendment
Thirty-Ninth Congress adopted, on the 7th of Janu-
ary, 1867, a resolution authorizing an inquiry into
certain charges preferred against the President of
the United States; and whereas the Judicialy Com-
mittee, to whom said resolution and charges wore
referred, with authority to investigate the same, were
unable for want of time to complete paid investiga-
tion before the expiration of the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress; and whereas in the report submitted by said
Judiciary Committee on the 2d of March they dcclaie
that thc evidence taken is of such a character as to
justify and demand a. continuation of the investiga-
tion by this Congress: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the House of Representative-i, That
the Judiciary Committee, when appointed, be, and
they are hereby* instructed to continue the investi-
gation authorized in said resolution of January 7,
1867, and that they have power to send for persons
and papers, ancl to administer the customary oath to
witnesses; and that the committee have authoiity to
sib during the sessions of the House and during any
recess which Congress or this House may take.
Resolved, That the Speaker of the House be re-
quested to appoint the Committee on the Judiciary
forthwith, and that the committee so appointed be
directed to take charge of the testimony taken by the
committee of the last Congress; and that said com-
mittee have power to appoint a clerk at a compensa-
tion not to exceed six dollars per day, and employ
the necessary stenographer.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to offer
an amendment-
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa.
which 1 desire to offer is to add to the resolu-
tion the following:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives be directed to pay out ot the contingent
fund of the llouse, on the order of the Committee on
the Judiciary, such sum or sums of money as may be
required to enable the said committee to prosecute
the investigation above directed, and such other
investigations as it may be ordered to make.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I accept that
amendment as a modification of my resolu-
tion.
Mr. Speaker, this resolution will bring the
House to a vote on a question of transcend-
ent importance. It brings us face to face with
a man whose usurpations have imperiled the
Republic. We cannot escape the consider-
ation of this question if we would, and we
ought not if we could. The report which the
Judiciary Committee of the last House made
on Saturday is a sufficient vindication of the
action of that body on the charges presented
looking to the impeachment of the President.
It is a report which the moral sense of this
nation will approve. It is to be regretted that
that committee were not authorized at an
earlier day to proceed with this investigation,
so that they might have completed it and pre-
sented the case for final action by the last
Congress. All true men who have examined
this matter impartially can but regret our ina-
bility to secure earlier action.
But I think I may without hazard express
the opinion that there is no cause for discour-
agement; that the foundations have been so
carefully laid that the machinations of the con-
spirators and their chief, with all the immense
power and patronage in his hands, will be
unable long to stay the doom which awaits
him. It is, sir, to go upon the record of this
House, and it will go into history, that the
people of the United States will never permit
any President to usurp the prerogatives of the
law-making power; nor will they permit him
to defy the deliberately recorded verdict of the
nation. They will permit no man—certainly
no man who came into the Presidency through
the door of assassination 
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
question of order. Is debate in order at this
stage of proceeding?
The SPEAKER. Debate is in order.
Mr. NIBLACK, Is the resolution before
the llouse?
The SPEAKER. It is before the House as
a question of privilege.
Mr. NIBLACK. By a suspension of the
rules ?
The SPEAKER. A question of privilege
does not require a suspension of the rules lo
bring it before the House. When the Chair
has decided any question to be a question of
privilege—and the decision is of course subject
to appeal—it comes before the House at once. .
Mr. RANDALL. Will the Chair state what
