22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
in hand with those who opposed the war to put
down the rebellion; and this in a great meas-
ure, I have the charity to believe, was owing to
bad advisers, of which any man will get plenty
when he deserts his friends and partakes of
the forbidden fruit. But with all that we, as
the Representatives of the people, must try him
as we would try any other man. Give him an
impartial trial; wait for the evidence and re-
port of your committee, and then, if evidence
sustains the charges, as to his guilt, do not hesi-
tate to impeach him; and, on the other hand,
if insufficient, dismiss the subject, and let the
country understand that he escapes for want
of proper evidence. Bat, I repeat, until the
committee shall report let us forbear making
any allegations as to his guilt or innocence.
But as the people of the country seem to
demand investigation it is the duty of this
Congress to proceed with as little delay- as
possible, and let there be no shrinking from
duty, investigate it thoroughly, and if neces-
sary probe it to the core.
Now, sir, it has been said that our action
here upon this question may affect the finan-
cial condition of the country. We are told
that if we impeach the President our Govern-
ment securities will depreciate in the market,
and that it will bring upon us bankruptcy. I
have no such fears, and Congress ought not to
be intimidated by any suggestions of the kind.
But even if it would have that effect, it is no
reason for shrinking from duty. Let us go on
and investigate this matter fairly, and if the
evidence bears out the charges made against
the President, or such of them as in our opin-
ion justify his removal from office, 1st us pre-
fer articles of impeachment and put him upon
his trial, and if, on the contrary, after a full
investigation by the Judiciary Committee the
evidence is found insufficient, then, as I have
already said, dismiss the subject, and bear with
liim as well as we can until the expiration of
his term, when wo can select a man that will
no! turn against those that place him in power.
Timu-c is no denying, Mr. Speaker, that it is
gJiing to have a man promoted to a high
position turn his back against those to whom
he is indebted for elevation, and use the mighty
patronage he wields against them. Such a
course will be condemned by the civilized
world, but still that alone is not sufficient to
sustain an impeachment.
Had Andrew Johnson been true to his friends
he had an opportunity of making himself pop-
ular, and been an honor to himself and his
country. After the assassination of the much-
lamented Lincoln, the mantle of that great and
good man, at whose death the nation still
mourns, was thrown on the shoulders of Mr.
Johnson; but, alas! iu an evil hour he was
induced to partake of the forbidden fruit in
the form of modern democracy, which seemed
pleasant for him to look upon, hence his great
fall. His course will be a warning to all those
in future that may occupy the presidential
chair not to forsake the party that elected him.
And now, Mr. Speaker, as the time allotted to
me has expired, permit me to say in conclu-
sion that I for one will shrink from no duty;
that I am willing to enter upon this great
absorbing question without fear or favor, with
a determination of deciding the case, so far
as this House is concerned, according to the
evidence, and I feel assured that is the deter-
mination of the other Union members.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 move to lay the resolu-
tions upon the table.
The question was taken; and it was decided
iu the negative—yeas' 32, nays 119, not vot-
ing 0; as follows:
YKAS-—Messrs. Archer. Barnes, Boyer, Brooks,
Burr, Chanler, Denison.Eidridge, Fox, Gctz, Haiglit,
Jfulmuu, Humphrey, Kerr, Marshall, MeCuilough,
Morgan, Morrisscy, Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson,
Phelps, Pruyn, Randall, Robinson, Ross, Sitgreaves,
Stewart, Stone, Taber, Van Auken, and Wood—02.
NAYS—Messn*. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Delos IX.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks,
iieaiuan. Benjamin, Bingham, Blaino, Blair, Bout-
w< 11, Bromwell, Broomall, Buekland, Butler, Cake,
Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
C ibmu. Cook, Cornell, Covode, Cullom, Dawes,
JUod.:e, Donnelly, iii igs-,, l-jclsley, JSggleston, Eliot,
Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Finney, Garfield,
Gravely, Halsey, Hamilton, Harding, Hayes, Hill,
Hooper, Hopkins, Chester 1). Hubbard, Hulburd,
Hunter, lngersoll, J add, Julian. Keiley, Ketcham,
Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Lougliridge,
Lyneli, Marvin„McCarth5', MeClurg, Mercur, Miller,
Moore. Moorhend, Morrill, Myers, Newcoinb, Noell,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pile, Plants,
Poland, Polsley. Pomeroy. Price, Raum, Robertson,
Sawyer, Schenck, Scofteld, Shanks, JShellabarger,
Smith, Stevens, Taffo, Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge,
Twitchell, Upson, Van Aernara, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, William B. Wash burn, Welkei', Thomas
Williams,William Williams, James F. Wilson, John
T. Wilson, Stephen F, Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—119.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Glossbrenner, Griswold,
Asaliel W. Hubbard, Kelsey. Pike, Selye, Spalding,
Van Trump, and lion;y I). Washburn—0.
So the House refused to lay the resolutions
on the table.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. At the request of
gentlemen upon this side of the House and
upon the other side, I desire to submit a prop-
osition. It is that the previous question be
now sustained, and then I will yield fifty min-
utes to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] with the understanding that at the
end of that time the vote shall be taken with-
out further delay.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Iobjeet. Itismost
unusual for the reference of resolutions to be
thus debated, and I think it is entirely unneces-
sary in this case.
The SPEAKER. The suggestion of the
gentleman from Ohio could only be carried out
by unanimous consent.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move a suspen-
sion of the rules, so that the main question
shall bo ordered on this motion, and fifty min-
utes allowed to the gentleman form New York
[Mr. Brooks] to debate it.
The question was put; and (two thirds voting
in the affirmative) the rules were suspended,
and the motion of Mr. Ashley, of Ohio, was
agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I understand, then, that fifty
minutes are allowed to this side of the House.
The SPEAKER. The fifty minutes are at
the disposal of the gentleman, and hecan trans-
fer any portion of his time to whomsoever he
pleases.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, when I heard
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] in-
dulging in those adjectives and epithets and
nouns of uncommon magnitude with which be
denounced the President of the United Stales,
it seemed to me to recall the revolutionary
scenes of French history, when Marat and
Danton and R.obespierre, on an occasion some-
what similar to this, were in the French con-
vention. In an American Congress I think I
never heard before such phrases used applied
to the executive branch of the Government. I
was not. therefore, surprised when the Speaker
called the gentleman to order, or suggested to
him that indulgence in such phrases was not
only not in order, but unbecoming to a par-
liamentary body.
A body of conspirators, and the President
the chief of those conspirators! That was
beautiful declamation ; but it was only decla-
mation, for there in no proof whatsoever of such
a conspiracy, or that the President of the
United States was the chief of those conspir-
ators.
And to go further, he denounced the Presi-
dent as being in complicity with the assassins
of President Lincoln, is'ow, it, is not within
my power as a Representative upon the floor of
this House to properly characterize expres-
sions of that sort when applied to the execu-
tive branch of the Government. It is in sub-
stance saying, or making an effort to say, that
the President of the United States was an ac-
complice in or connected with the assassina-
tion of President Lincoln. What proof is
there to support that charge except the mere
declaration of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Ashley ?J And in the same phrase he de-
nounced the White House as the home of
thieves and the den of pardon-brokers ; and he
went on to denounce the President as a great
criminal, guilty of high crimes.
Sir, hitherto such language has never been
applied in any parliamentary body in this
country to the President of the United States.
And the gentleman proceeds to speak of the
mental and moral caliber of the President as
being deficient for the situation to which he
has been elevated by the action of the party
represented by those on the other side of the
House, and not by any action of ours. Sir,
it is sufficient to look at the recent production,
which he [Mr. Ashley] denounced upon the
floor of this House, in his veto message, and
compare the mental and moral caliber of that
production with any state paper or document
ever brought before the people of this country.
The gentleman from Ohio speaks of those
connected with the President and disposed to
defend the policy of his administration as rebel
allies, satraps, &c. All this is mere words,
wind, without weight, and unbecoming any
parliamentary body in this country. Now, if
there were anything in the charges of the gen-
tleman, if the President were thus guilty of
conspiracy and were the chief of the con-
spirators, if his house be the den of thieves
and the home of pardon-brokers, then why
this delay? I ask the gentleman from Ohio
why go through the delay of an investigating
committee'? Why not institute upon the floor
of this House an immediate procedure for
an impeachment? For whatpurpose were we
here assembled in this extraordinary session,
with abundant leisure before us, but to go
on with something or other like an impeach-
ment? If the President is guilty of those high
crimes and misdemeanors, why the proposed
adjournment for two or three months, aban-
doning the Government to the chief of con-
spirators, to a house of pardon-brokers and
den of thieves ? Sir, if there is one word of
truth in what has been said by the honorable
gentleman from Ohio' [Mr. Asiiley] this House
ought this very day, this very hour, to institute
the process of impeachment, and not adjourn
till it has been disposed of. We are here, and
should not shrink from our duty. If the Pres-
ident of the United States has been guilty of
these things charged against him, now is the
day and the hour for his impeachment; this
very hour, without the least delay.
I fancy, however, that the honorable gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] is but indulging
in all this declamation and these insinuations
for the purpose of prejudicing and preparing
the public mind for the revolution which he
has in contemplation. I do not imagine that •
he expects to sustain any of these broad charges
before the people through the-investigation of
the Judiciary Committee. I imagine his effort
is to try to dupe the public to prejudge the
case, and by the use of strong words, by nouns
more uncommon than common, by adjectives
long and short, so to prepare the public mind
that the President of the United States can be
deposed or impeached without any investiga-
tion whatever.
Equally trite was the other imaginative
phrase of the honorable gentleman from Ohio
when he spoke of the five thousand Union men
who had been killed in the southern States
since the close of the war.
I am an attentive reader of the newspapers,
and a keen observer of what is going on in the
southern county, and T pronounce that whole
declaration to be a mere figment or fiction of
the honorable gentleman's brain. There is
• hardly a word of truth in it. There is no
more crime in the southern country in pro-
portion to the population than there is in the
city which I in part represent; and through-
out the whole South there has been committed
no crime so infamously atrocious as that re-
cently committed in the State of Minnesota.
I venture to declare here, and I think I can
sustain the declaration by statistics, that dur-
ing the year and a half last' past there has
been no more crime committed in the ten
southern States than has been committed in
ten northern States of like population. Crime
exists everywhere in every form—burglaries,
arsons, assassinations—not alone in the South,
