1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25
their decision, as to the propriety of accepting
the small allowance of fifty minutes in which
to discuss on this side of the House an import-
ant ciuestion like that now presented to our
consideration. In the brief period accorded
to us we can do little more than enter our
protest against the proceeding which is now
about to be instituted by this House, and refer
in a very hasty way to the reasons which impel
us to oppose this measure.
In what position, sir, does this House now
stand, and what does this proceeding mean?
If this resolution be adopted, it is significant
of something. Of what? We are here as a
net Congress. We have just taken the oath
of office. Without any investigation, without
any examination, without any proof, with noth-
ing upon which to base our action except loose
declamation of such a character that the Pre-
siding Officer of this House felt bound to inter-
fere and check it, we, acting as the highest
legislative body of the country, are about to
declare virtually to the world that in our belief
there are facts before this House sufficient to
warrant proceedings looking to the impeach-
ment of the President of the United States.
This is not a meaningless proceeding; it is
not a matter of form; but we are bound in
honor and in conscience, we are bound by our
duty to ourselves and our duty to the country,
to be able to say, if we vote for this resolution,
that we have good rear on to believe from evi-
dence coming under our observation that the
President of the United States has been guilty
of high crimes and misdemeanors demanding
his impeachment at our hands.
In what position do we find the President
of the United States? Elected by a political
party who, though they now propose to im-
peach him, bestowed upon him their full con-
fidence for months after he assumed the
executive chair, as evinced in the resolutions
of their various conventions, the President at
this time stands before the country surrounded
by men of ability and personal integrity who
are acting as his constitutional advisers, and
whom, by the tenure-of-office act passed a few
days ago, Congress has declared he shall not
remove. Now, sir, if the President of the
United States has been guilty of the high
crimes and misdemeanors imputed to him by
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] and
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. But-
ler,] it cannot be possible that these officials
who have been associated with him for nearly
two years are not participes criminis in his
proceedings. If you impeach him you impeach
them, for the ground taken by both those gen-
tlemen to whom I have referred is so broad
that it must necessarily include in its moral
effect every member of the Cabinet.
Now, sir, compare the nature of our action
here to-day with the proceedings which have
taken place in other free countries under cor-
responding circumstances, and in what attitude
does the comparison place us before the world?
Look to the deliberation with which the
British Parliament proceeded in the case of
Warren Hastings, a Governor of a distant de-
pendency. Look at those proceedings and
contrast them with the hot haste in this Con-
gress this day if this resolution be passed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's six
minutes have expired.
Mr. PRUYN. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts said that the President stood in the
way of progress, not that ho had neglected his
duty, not that he had violated the Constitu-
tion, not that be had in any way violated his
oath of office, but that he stood in the way
of progress—progress as the gentleman un-
derstands it, not progress in the way of con-
stitutional liberty, but in that of despotism.
Mr. CHANLER. The gentleman now yields
me the remaining six minutes.
Mr. Speaker, when the question of the refer-
ence of the impeachment to the Committee on
the Judiciary was made in this Hquse I felt it
to be my duty as a member of this body to
vote for'it. that investigation has now taken
place. The Committee on the Judiciary have
reported progress, and in that report they
have given assurance to a large body of this
House previous to the adjournment, and assur-
ance to the whole country, that the impeach-
ment of the President upon the charges of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] never will
take place. They have deserted the ground
they took. They now ask for a continuance
of the investigation to cover the impotency of
their efforts and the fallacy of their charges.
That is my belief. So far as revolution is con-
cerned, if ridicule could stop revolution the
speech of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ash-
ley] would. He would put the mask of Laugh-
ter on the Muse of Tragedy.
A more important matter than this, sir, has
never been brought before this House. There
can be no more solemn proceedings than those
we -have been considering to-day. I am willing,
so far as the investigation can show to this
country any crime on the part of the Chief
Executive, to go on with it, but it must be car-
ried on in a spirit of fairness and sincerity, and
not for the purpose of political agitation and
personal spite.
And the latter is the form this investigation
has assumed. It has lost all the magnitude it
had. It has dwindled into contemptible pro-
portions. There is no fear now of the country
from this agitation.-. They understand how
weak and silly it is. There_ is no danger that
the stock-jobbers will consider it at all. My
colleague has given too much importance to the
gentleman and his agitation. Ttiere is no dan-
ger that the stock-jobbers of Wall street will
reward the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ashley]
even with a leather medal.
My colleague has alluded to the suffering in
our commercial, manufacturing, and agricul-
tural interests. The finances of the country
are the cause; the legislation of the other
side is the cause. Farmers are suffering be-
cause they have no markets for their products,
because the great South is shut otit from the
mercantile community, and therefore the mer-
chants of New York are without a market. It
is not because the impotent resolutions of this
Congress are flaunted before the country. That
is not the reason commerce, manufactures, and
agriculture are prostrated. The _ prostration
of the country is the result of an inflated cur-
rency. It is the result of inflation in every
department of industry; and, sir, the more the
spirit of speculation and inflation is encouraged
the more will our commerce, manufactures,
and agm culture suffer.
So far, then, from this question of the im-
peachment being the cause, I look upon it as
dead. It is dead and almost stinketh. It is
offensive to the nostrils of our people. It is
an impotent effort to continue this investiga-
tion after what we have seen and heard here
to-day cannot get force enough to make it re-
spectable.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BOYER. I desire the gentleman from
Ohio to give me five minutes.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I suppose under
the rule I myself have no time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no
time ; debate is closed.
Mr. BOYER. I desire to reply to a single
point made by the gentleman from Massachu-
S6ttS.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, yes!
Mr. BOYER. Will the Chair inform me
what gentleman objects ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania. [Mr. Stevexs.]
Mr. BOYER. I shall remember the gen-
tleman. [Laughter.] ,
Mr. RANDALL. Better forget him. [Laugli-
The question being taken on the resolutions,
they were adopted. .
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolutions were adopted;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
appointments op committees.
The SPEAKER. The Chair announces thai
in appointing himself chairman of the Commit-
tee on the Rules he does so by order of the
House, according to the usage of the last Con-
gress.
The Clerk read the following appointments
of committees:
Committee of Elections—Henry L. Dawes
of Massachusetts, Glenni W. Scofield of Penn-
sylvania, Charles Upson of Michigan, Samuel
S. Marshall of Illinois, Samuel Shellabarger of
Ohio, Joseph W. McClurg of Missouri, Barton
C. Cook of Illinois, Luke P. Poland of Ver-
mont, John A. Nicholson of Delaware, and
Michael C. Kerr of Indiana.
On the Judiciary—James F. Wilson of Iowa,
George S. Boutwell of Massachusetts, Francis
Thomas of Maryland, Thomas Williams of
Pennsylvania, Frederick E. Woodbridge of
Vermont, William Lawrence of Ohio, John C.
Churchill of New York, Samuel S. Marshall of
Illinois, and Charles A. Eldridge of Wisconsin.
On Mileage—George W. Anderson of Mis-
souri, Tobias A. Plants of Ohio, Burt Van
Horn of New York, Green B. Raum of Illi-
nois, and J. Laurence Getz of Pennsylvania.
On the Utiles—The Speaker, Elihu B. Wash-
burne of Illinois, Nathaniel P. Banks of Massa-
chusetts, James G. Blaine of Maine, and James
Brooks of New York.
Joint Select Committee on Equalizing the
Salaries of Officers of Congress—Frederick E.
Woodbridge of Vermont, Ephraim R. Eckley
of Ohio, and Hiram McCullough of Maryland.
Joint Select Committee oh Retrenchment—
Robert C. Sehenck of Ohio, Charles H. Van
Wyck of New York, Samuel J. Randall of
Pennsylvania, John A. Logan of Illinois,'and
William B. Washburn of Massachusetts.
Regent of the Smithsonian Institution to fill
the vacancy occasioned by the election of Mr.
Patterson to the United States Senate—Luke
P. Poland of Vermont.
service on a committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask to be excused frcm
service at the head of the joint select Com-
mittee on Retrenchment or as a member of
that committee. It is an exceedingly import-
ant committee, has very much to do, and I
find from experience upon it that it is impos-
sible for me, consistent with my duties as chair-
man of another committee, to give my time
and do justice to the duties that devolve upon
me as chairman of that committee. I there-
fore ask the House to excuse me from service
and to allow the Speaker to supply ray place.
Mr. RANDALL. I object; the gentleman
is a very useful member.
Mr. SCHENCK. I shall have to submit a
motion, then, that I be excused. There is so
much to be done requiring great care and labor
upon that committee that I feel it impossible
to give the attention to its duties which I think
they demand. It is upon that ground merely
that I ask to be excused. I would like exceed-
ingly to be associated with my friend from
Pennsylvania, as I have been heretofore ; but
I think the public service would be better
answered by permitting me to be excused. _
Mr. RANDALL. I will only say that m
future the chairman of the Military Committee
will probably not have so much to- do as will
prevent him from serving also on this commit-
t66.
Mr. Schexoe was excused from service.
representation of arkansas.
Mr. NIBLACK. I rise to. a question of
privilege. I present the credentials of H. A. B.
Greenwood, claiming to have been elected to
Congress from the third congressional district
of Arkansas. I ask its reference to the Com-
mittee of Elections.'
Mr. STBVJ31NS. I move to lay them on the
taMr. ELDRIDGE. Is it not in order to have
the member-elect, if he is present, come for-
ward upon the presentation of his credentials
and be sworn in ?
