26
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
The SPEAKER. The Chair wrnrld ask if
there was objection in such ease. If there
was none, then he would swear the member
in. The gentleman, from Pennsylvania has
indicated his objection by moving to lay the
credentials on the table.
The credentials were accordingly laid on
the table.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate,
by Mr. McDonald, its Chief Clerk, notifying
the House that that body had passed joint res-
olutions of the following titles, in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 2) supple-
mentary to other joint resolutions, t.o enable
the people of the United States to participate
in the advantages of the Universal Exhibition
at Paris in 1867 ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 6) extending
the time for the completion of the improve-
ment of Fox and Wisconsin rivers.
cleitk to committee op elections.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections bo
authorized to employ a clerk during this Congress at
the compensation allowed the clerk to the Committee
on the Judiciary; and that all papers in cases of
contested elections bo printed in whole or in part, at
the discretion of said committee.
.Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
retrocession of alexandria.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to repeal an act entitled '' An
act to retroeede the county of Alexandria, in
the District of Columbia, to the State of Vir-
ginia, and for other purposes;'' which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. STEVENS. The bill, I believe, has
the approbation of all loyal men on the other
side of the river. The scenes of yesterday
render it absolutely necessary that it should
be passed. I yield now for a moment to my
friend from Illinois, [Mr. Inoersoll,] who
■was chairman of the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia during the hist Congress.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, I desire
to say to the House'that this question of re-
pealing the law by which the county of Alex-
andria was restored to the State of Virginia
was before the Committee for the District of
Columbia of the la-.t Congress; and the com-
mittee were unanimous, with the exception of
one or two gentlemen belonging to the other
side of the House, that this law should be
repealed for many reasons.
We have, sir, now an additional reason,
which did not exist at the time when this bill
was before the committee, the reason alluded
to by my friejid from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vens,] which makes it the duty of the House
to pass this bill at once, so that this county
may be restored at once to the jurisdiction of
the District of Columbia. I hope the bill will
pass.
Mr. STEVENS. I call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. McCULLOUGH. I hope the gentle-
man will allow me five minutes.
Mr. STEVENS. I will yield to the gentle-
man for that time.
Mr. McCULLOUGH. I wish to inquire in
the first place how this bill got before the
House?
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent.
Mr. McCULLOUGH. I did not hear any-
thing of it until the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. IxonusoLij] took the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman was prob-
ably indulging in conversation. The Clerk
read the bill very audibly, and the Chair pro-
pounded the question very audibly whether
there v. as any objection to its introduction.
Mr. McCULLOUGH. When this_ question
was before the Committee for the District of
Columbia, as I understand the matter only
one side was heard, and if I am not mistaken
it was understood then that no action should
be taken upon the matter until those who are
opposed to this retrocession should be heard.
I am not aware that the matter has been agi-
tated in the committee since that time.
Now, Mr. Speaker, there has been a report
upon this subject read here, but whether it be
true or not the House is not informed. And I
submit to the House whethef they ought to
pass a bill of this importance, involving, as it
does, legal questionsasto therightof Congress
to pass such a law, questions which the chair-
man of the committee will remember were dis-
cussed by the committee without any investi-
gation, and without any opportunity being
afforded to those who opposed the retrocession
to present their objections to it. The action
of the committee was entirely ex parte.
Mr. STEVENS. I must now demand the
previous question.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Allow me one moment.
Mr. STEVENS. I will allow the gentleman
a word or two.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I wish only to correct
a misapprehension under which my colleague
on the Committee for the District of Columbia
during the last Congress seems to be laboring;
and that is in reference to no notice having
been given to those citizens of Alexandria who
are opposed to this measure. There was notice
given to the leading men of Alexandria who
are knowij to be opposed to this measure.
Mr. McCULLOUGH. Who were they, and
how was the notice given?
Mr. INGERSOLL. It was given verbally
by Dr. Stewart, of Alexandria. I directed him
personally to give timely notice that the com-
mittee would be in session for the considera-
tion of this question upon a certain day; and I
told him to be particular and notify the lead-
ing men of Alexandria who are opposed to the
bill. Dr. Stewart informed the committee—I
do not know whether the gentleman from Mary-
land was present when we had the matter under
consideration or not—that he had given such
personal notice, and if those who were opposed
to the measure were not heard before the com-
mittee it was their own fault, for they had
timely notice of the day when the committee
would, consider the subject.
Mr. McCULLOUGH. I wish merely to say,
in order to put myself right before the Souse,
that I was not aware of the facts stated by the
chairman of the committee of the last House.
I know it was determined that those who were
opposed to this bill should have a hearing, in-
asmuch as the bill involved serious legal ques-
tions. Those who are in favor of the passage
of the bill were heard by the committee ; but
I never heard of the bill from that day to this.
Mr. INGERSOLL. One word in reply.
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; I cannot yield
further. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. STEVENS. I demand the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. McCULLOUGH demanded the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 111, nays 28, not vot-
ing 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Delos
R.Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks,
Beaman, Benjamin, Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Bout-
well, Bromwell. Broomall, Buckland, Butler, Cake,
Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke. Cobb,
Coburn. Cook, Cornell. Covode, Ouilom, Dawes,
Doilse, Brisgs,Eckley, Bggleston,Eliot, Ferriss, Per-
ry, Fields, Finney, Garfield, Gravely, Halsey, Hamil-
ton, Harding, Hayes, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, Asahtd
W. Hubbard, Chester!). Hubbard, Hunter, Ingersoll,
Judd, Julian, Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz. Lailin,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lincoln,
Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, Marvin, McCarthy,
McClurg, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moovhead, Mon-ell,
Myers, Nowcomb, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham,
Peters, Pile, Plants, Polsley, Pomeroy, Price, llama.
Robertson, Sawyer, Scotield, Shanks, Shellabarger,
Smith, Stevens, Taylor, Thomas,Trowbridge,Twitch-
ell, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T.
Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Welkcr, Thomas Wil-
liams, Wilham Williams, James F. Wilson, John T.
Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and Woodbridge—111.
NAYS. —Messrs. Archer, Boyer, Brooks, Burr,
Chanler, Eldridge, Fox, Getz, IIaig*ht, Humphrey,
Kerr, Marshall, MeOullough, Morgan, Mornssey.
Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson, Phelps, Pruyn, Rob-
inson, Itoss, Sehenck, Stone, Taber, Van Auken,
Van Trump, and Wood—28.
NOT VOTING.—Messrs. Barnes, Denisou, Dqi-
nelly, Farnsworth. Glossbrenner, Griswold, Holman,
Hulbunl, Kellcy, Kelsey, NoeU, Pike, Poland, Ran-
dall, Selye, Sitgreave*, Spalding, Stewart, Taffe,
Henry D. Washburn, and Windoin—21.
So the hill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. O'NEILL said: I desire to announce
that my colleague, Mr. Kelley, has been called
home by sickness in his family.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
redemption of compound-interest notes.
Mr. PRICE. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce for consideration at the present time
a joint resolution authorizing the application
of part of the funds now in the Treasury to the
redemption of compound-interest notes now
outstanding.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. PRICE. I move to suspend the rules
that I may introduce the joint resolution for
consideration at the present time.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I hope
the House will not begin already to tinker with
the currency.
Mr. PRICE. If the gentleman will hear the
resolution read I think he will not object to it.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I object
to any tinkering with the currency at this time.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I call
for the reporting of the joint resolution.
The SPEAKER. Although the reading of
the resolution cannot be demanded on a motion
to suspend the rules, yet as it is brief it will
be read for information, unless objection be
made.
There being no objection, the Clerk read the
joint resolution. It proposes to authorize and
direct the Secretary of the Treasury to use
any and all money in the Treasury over and
above'^570,000,000 for the purpose of redeem-
ing the compound-interest notes now outstand-
ing as fast as the same shall be presented for
redemption.
Mr. WOOD. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at four o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented, under the
rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. CULLOM : A petition signed by citizens of
McLean county, Illinois, asking Congress to prevent
the further withdrawal of legal tenders.
By Mr KOONTZ: The petition of 1. S. Milligan.
heretofore referred, February 21,1845.
IN SENATE.
Fiitday, March 8, 1807.
Prayer by Rev E. II. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from B. B. French,
late Commissioner of Public-Buildings, asking
for the appointment of the joint committee
provided for by law to examine the accounts
forrepairingand furnishing the Executive Man-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds.
