1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
He also laid before the ' Senate' a report of
the Secretary of War, communicating, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate of Feb-
ruary 5, 1867, information in relation to an
-order issued by Lieutenant General Sherman
in regard to the protection of trains on the
overland route; which was ordered to lie upon
the table, and be printed.
fie also laid before the Senate a report of
the Secretary of War, communicating, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate of March
2, 1807, a report of Major General Howard,
Commissioner of Freed men, &c., respecting
extreme want and danger of starvation in sev-
eral of the southern States.
Mr. STEWART. I move that that be re-
ferred (o a select committee of seven.
Mr. WILSON. Oh, no ; let itgo to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. You are on that com-
mittee.
Mr. STEWART. Very well; I move its
reference to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of
Maria Raftery, widow of Patrick Raftery, late
a corporal in the thirty-third regiment Mas-
sachusetts volunteers, praying for a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. RAMSEY. I present a memorial of a
committee appointed by the River Improve-
ment Convention, held in St. Louis February
13, 1807, composed of delegates from some
ten or twelve States in the valley of the Mis-
sissippi, praying for an appropriation for the
improvement of the Mississippi and Ohio rivers.
The memorial contains some very valuable
statistical information, and I will therefore
move that it be printed and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will bo
so referred, and the order to print will be made
unless objected to.
Mr. GRIMES. The motion to print goes
to the Committee on Printing under the rule.
Mr. CONNESS. Not necessarily.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under the
rule it will go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. CONNESS. I think that question might
as well be settled here. My understanding of
the rule is that it is only a proposition 1 o
print extra copies that goes to the Committee
on Printing. It has not been the practice to
print memorials; I admit that; but there are
cases where memorials are of great importance
as in the present case, as stated by the Sena-
tor from Minnesota. I do not understand
that a motion to print need go to the Committee
on Printing under the rule unless it involves
the printing of an extra number of copies.
Mr. ANTHONY. There are certain ex-
cepted eases. A motion to print memorials'
must go to the Committee on Printing. A
law of Congress provides for it.
Mr. CONNESS. The chairman of the com-
mittee informs me that in this respect I am
wrong. Therefore I ask that it be printed by
unanimous consent.
Mr. GRIMES. Let it take its regular
course. We meet here to-morrow.
Mr. CONNESS. We cannot bo here to-
morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can be
printed by unanimous consent: but under the
rule it goes to the Committee on Printing. If
there be no objection, it will be printed. The
Chair hears none; and the order to print will
be made.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of offi-
cers and privates of the twenty-first New York
cavalry, praying for extra compensation, for the
reason that they were mustered out of service
in Utah and were compelled to pay nearly
two hundred dollars each for transportation
and subsistence to their homes, and received
but eighty-four dollars; which was referred to
the Committee on .Military Affairs and the
Militia.
. Mr. TRUMBULL. I present a petition of
loyal citizens of- Jefferson county, Arkansas,
for the reduction Of the semi-rebel State gov-
ernment in that State to a Territory,' and the
appointment of General Powell Clayton as Ter-
ritorial Governor. As Congress have acted on
that subject '
Mr. SUMNER. I do not understand that
Congress has acted on that subject: I think
that is the great question before us at the pres-
ent session.
Mr. • TRUMBULL. To what committee
have you referred similar petitions presented
by you ?
Mr. SUMNER. They have not yet been
referred to any committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I will ask that
this petition lie on the table for the present..
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have also a memorial
of the so-called General Assembly of the State
of Arkansas, asking for an appropriation of
$2,500,000 for the construction of levees on
the Mississippi river in that State. I ask leave
to present it to the Senate and move its refer-
ence to the Committee on Finance.
It was so referred.
Mr. CHANDLER. I present a memorial of
citizens of Louisiana, asking for aid of the Gov-
ernment in rebuilding their levees, and as a sim-
ilar mernorialjhas just been referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, I move that this be referred
to the same committee.
11 was so referred.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am requested to present
the memorial of a meeting of citizens of the State
of South Carolina residing in Anderson district,
j praying the aid of Congress for the establish-
j ment of an orphan home for the education of
j orphans, white and colored, upon the labor-
j school plan, accompanied by a number of
; papers, which show that the movement is an
| important one, and I think will heartily meet
j the approbation of Congress. It is supported
by a great number of citizens in that region of
country, and very earnestly urged by clergymen
of the Methodist Episcopal Church. If there
is any way by which the Government of the
United States could aid in such an object, I
would be very glad to see it done. I move the
reference of the memorial to the Committee on
Agriculture.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, in favor of an appro-
priation to aid in the construction of the North-
ern Pacific railroad; which were referred to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. THAYER presented a memorial of the
Council and House of Representatives of Ne-
braska, in favor of the construction of a bridge
across Platte river, and the construction of a
military road from Platte river to the southern
boundary of the State : which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
He also presented a memorial of the Coun-
cil and House of Representatives of Nebraska,
in favor of additional bounty to the troops
from that Territory who served in the Army
during the rebellion; which was referx-ed to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
lie also presented a memorial of the Coun-
cil and House of Rejwcsentatives of Nebraska,
in favor of the extinguishment of the title of
the Otoe and Missouri Indians to certain land
in that State; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on ludian Affairs.
He also presented a memorial of the Coun-
cil and House of Representatives of Nebraska,
in favor of the establishment of a tri-weeldy
mail route from Maysville, Kansas, to Fort
Kearney, in Nebraska; which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of the Coun-
cil and House of Representatives of Nebraska,
in favor of the establishment of a mail route
from Elkhorn Station to Forest City, in Ne-
braska; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads."
He also presented a memorial of the Coun-
cil and House of Representatives of Nebraska,
irj favor of the establishment of a new land
office at Columbus, in that State; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a memorial of the Coun-
cil and House of Representatives of Nebraska,
in favor of the establishment of a daily mail
route from America, Kansas, via Pawnee City,
Tecumseh, and other points, to Columbus,
Nebraska; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of Mrs.
Mary A. Thomson, widow of Manlius V.
Thomson, who commanded a regiment of
United States volunteers from Kentucky in
the war with Mexico, praying that she may
be allowed arrearages of pension, her pension
having been suspended for am alleged charge
of "disloyalty and assisting in arming a rebel
company;" which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions. .
Mr. CORBETT presented the petition of
Henry Failing, of Portland, Oregon, praying
for the passage of an act requiring the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to reissue to him an Ore-
gon war bond owned by him and which was
lost or destroyed by the'burning of the steamer
Golden Gate at sea on the 27th of July, 1862;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
the heirs and representatives of Miss Harriet
Pinckney, of South Carolina, the daughter of
General Charles Cotesworth Pinckney, pray-
ing that the United States direct tax commis-
sioners for South Carolina be authorized and
required to release Pinckney Island from con-
fiscation for the non-payment of taxes, and
that it be restored to them; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HENDERSON presented concurrent
resolutions of the Legislature of Missouri con-
cerning bounty due the regiments serving dur-
ing the late war known as Missouri State mili-
tia ; which were referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of Wisconsin, instruct-
ing the Representatives in Congress from that
State to vote for aid in the construction of the
Northern Pacific railroad ; which was ordered
to lie upon the table and be printed.
Mr. VAN WINKLE presented the petition
of Richard Busteed, jr., late captain of bat-
tery C, Chicago light artillery, praying for a
pension for injuries received by the recoil of a
piece of artillery; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
PRINTING OP INTERNAL REVENUE I.AWS.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
three thousand copies of the laws relating to
internal revenue, have instructed me to report
it with an amendment, and to ask for its pres-
ent consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That three thousand copies of the laws
now in force, relating to the internal revenue, be
printed for the nse of the Senate, the same to ho
compiled under the direction and supervision of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
The amendment of the Committee on Print-
ing was to add at the end of the resolution,
'■ with index and marginal references."
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HENDERSON", it was
Onlerrd. That the memorial and papers in the ease
of R. McKcc, late disbursing agent in California,
with tboso relating to the claims ot 21. A. Esfiii and
Pablo del a Pobla, be withdrawn from the files of the
Senate, and referred to the committee on Indian
Affairs.
WOOL-TAIUFF BILL.
Mr. JOHNSON submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
licsohed, That two thousand copies of the act end*
