1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M
anything about the evil of which the Senator
from. Massachusetts speaks, and the correction
of which he seeks. I have been here six years,
and I confess I never saw a gill or any other
quantity of spirits iu or about this building.
The thing may be all around here, but I never
saw it. I never saw the "hole-in-the-wall."
I do not know where that is; perhaps I have
not been here long enough; but if there is any
such place it should be abated as a nuisance;
and it :sliould be made a crime for officers or
any persons to bring liquor in here, and those
jjuilty of the offense should be treated as crim-
inals. That is the ground to put it on.
Mr. GRIMES. The general remark made
^by the Senator from Massachusetts in regard
*"to liquors being introduced into the committee-
rooms of the Senate impels me to say a single
word in vindication of the gentlemen who have
been upon committees with -which I have been
associated during the last eight years. I believe
it is now seven years since I have been the
chairman, and had in a degree the charge of
a committee-room, and been associated wife
various gentlemen in that room. I have noth-
ing to say as to what my own habits are; but
1 will bear testimony to the fact that no one
of those gentlemen has ever at any time intro-
duced, or been instrumental in introducing, or
so far as I know desired to introduce, liquors,
mult- or spirituous, of any kind or description,
into any of the committee-rooms where I have
been.
Having said this much. I desire to be in-
formed by the Senator from Massachusetts if a
couple of years ago we did not adopt a new
rule, in addition to that which has been cited
by the Senator from Illinois, upon this very
subject.
Mr. WILSON". We passed it here; but it
failed.
Mr. GRIMES. Failed?
Mr. WILSON". It went to a conference com-
mittee, and never got through.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I desire to know if
wo did not appoint a Committee at that time
to take this subject into consideration, of which
the Senator himself was chairman, and which
committee failed to report, upon the ground
that the existing law and rules were already
sufficient. I have not the slightest objection
to the passage of this joint resolution if it is
deemed necessary ;• but the general declara-
tions made in regard to it are rather two sweep-
ing to allow it to pass without remark.
Mr. ANTHONY. While I am willing to
cooperate in any legislation that the Senator
from Massachusetts may think necessary to
prevent the introduction of spirituous liquors
here, I am very glad that the Senator from
Illinois and the Senator from Iowa have made
the remarks which they have made. I do not
think it is right to send out the impression to
the country that the members of this body and
the House of Representatives and our officers
are men who are addicted to the intemperate
use of spirituous liquors. I think that the
allegation is entirely incorrect. I do not think
there can be found anywhere a Ijpdy of culti-
vated men as numerous as this in which there
are so few members addicted to the use of
spirituous liquors. A very large number of
the members of this body never driuk even
wine, and a very considerable number who
take wine drink nothing stronger. I know that
two years ago at ■' the hole in the wall" there
was liquor sold ; but since the Senator from
Massachusetts introduced his resolution, which
I thought passed, but which he says failed, pro-
hibiting the use of spirituous liquors in the
Capitol, I do not believe there has been any
liquor sold in this building. Certainly I am
not aware of its having been sold. If any offi-
cer has had spirituous liquor in his room I am
not aware of the fact. I do not think that such
an impression ought to go out to the country.
I was shocked very much at a speech made by
a Senator, not now a member of this body,
which lias already been referred to, in which
he spoke ofthe pages of this Chamber being
taught to use ardent spirits by officers and
members of this body. I never saw the least
indication of it; nothing of the kind ever came
under my observation, and I felt very much
grieved that such an impression should go out.
Diiring the close of the last Congress, when
we were up here all- night for two or three
nights, and nearly all night for a week, I Saw
less evidences of the intemperate use of spirit-
uous liquors than I ever saw before in this
body. I was invited to several places where
there were refreshments—the Secretary in his
room had refreshments provided, very proper
and very comfortable for the occasion—but I
saw nothing stronger there than coffee, nor
did I in the rooms on the House side to which
I was invited. I simply rose in order that
these sweeping allegations against the two
Houses of Congress should not go to the
country uncontradicted.
Mr. WILSON. I object to any statement
that any declarations I have made are calcu-
lated to give a false impression to the country.
I simply said that I did not desire to see liquor
sold in any part of this Capitol, nor the rooms
of any officers here, nor the committee-rooms
used for such purposes.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understood theSenator
to say that the com,mittee-rooms were bar-
rooms.
Mr. WILSON. N"o sir. I said I did not
desire to see the committee-rooms turned into
bar-rooms, without charging that any consid-
erable number of them had been so used. I
take it the Senator knows what has been done
for years past, and he knows how much better
this last Congress was in that respect than any
other Congrefes. The country notes the fact
and applauds it. There is very little drinking
in Congress now compared to other times, but j
there is still too much of it, and it ought to be
banished so far as we can do it. Drinking is |
not general, but it should not exist to any
extent whatever ; at any rate, liquors should I
not be sold nor brought into this Capitol. Let
ns banish the cup of intoxication from the
Capitol of the nation.
_ Mr. HENDRICKS. I thought I had voted
for a resolution introduced by the Senator
from Massachusetts on this subject at the last
session, and I thought we had swept out of
existence the evil ot' which he complains this
morning.
Mr. WILSON. Allow me to explain. Two
years ago we passed a resolution to stop the
open sale of liquor in this Capitol. At the last
session, as the open sale had been abolished, I
desired to clear it out altogether, and prevent
also the sale of ale and cider and such things.
That resolution proposed to go a step further
than the previous o#e ; but it was not finally
passed. It did not receive the concurrence of
both Houses in such a shape as to bo effective.
I propose now to remedy the failure then, and
to begin this new Fortieth Congress with the.
Capitol entirely clear of liquor of any kind or
description, and to prevent its being brought
here, either for sale or use.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am a friend of the
measure proposed by the Senator, if it is neces-
sary. Of that I-have but very little knowledge.
The committee-rooms are not under the con-
trol of myself to any extent: and I was very
much gratified to hear what "was said by the
Senator at the head of the Committee on the
Judiciary, [Mr. Trumbull,] the Senatoratthe
head of the Committee on Naval Affairs, [Mr.
Grimes,] and the Senator at the head of the
Committee on Public Lands, [Mr. Pomerot.]
As it has been the pleasure of the majority to
assign me to duty upon those three committees,
and as I had never heard of any liquor being
in those rooms, I thought perhaps that, being
in the minority, I was not regarded as entitled
to equal rights, [laughter,] and that in the
enjoyment of the hospitalities of the committee-
rooms I had been excluded, [laughter,] and
my sensibilities were somewhat excited by the
statement of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Now, sir, this matter can be easily regulated.
Every chairman of a committee—of course it
is proper and right it should be so—is of the
majority party io-this body. Just let there be
a caucus, and let a resolution bo passed iu
caucus that the chairmen shall not allovf any
liquors in their rooms, and I thrnk it will be
effective ; for I know of no influence in this
body or in Congress so potential as the decunon
and ruling and decree of a caucus. Now. if
the gentlemen will just go into caucus and pass
a resolution of that kind I have not the least
fear it will be violated. <,
Mr. CONNESS. I would remind the Sen-
ator that it is not the habit to caucus on con-
stitutional questions.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then this is not a
constitutional question, I understand from the
Senator from California, though it touches
the individual constitution of some Senators,
as is suggested by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. I am perfectly willing to vote for
this or any other bill short of putting to death
a man wh"o shall take a drink of liquor; I
would not go that far ; I would vote for any-
thing short of making Senators spies; I would
not go that far. I believe this resolution is
within the limits I suggest, and therefore I can
support it; but I do not think the world will
be much further on in the line of progress
after it is adcroted. I would not have it under-
stood when I vote for it that I consider that
this accomolishes everything we need.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe it would be a
good act of police to exclude from this Capitol
all spirituous liquors. The only objection I
have to this proposition is the manner of doing
it, and especially to the phraseology of the
resolution. This is not a place for the sale,
purchase, or drinking of liquors. If I want
any I can go outside and get them without much
trouble. I should have no objection if the
resolution went further and prohibited the
roasting of meat and the cooking of'* .getables ;
&c., just'below us, poisoning the air which we
are compelled to breathe. I think all the
eating that is necessary may be provided for
in the central building, where it will not
poison the breath we are compelled to inhale,
not very pure at best. I hope the proper offi-
cers of the Senate will take charge of that
matter, and if possible exclude the provision
stalls from beneath us and put them where
they will be accessible to the Senate, and yet
at the same time not poison our breaths.
The language of this joint resolution is en-
tirely too strong. It first provides that it shall
be " unlawful to bring or, directly or indirectly,
to cause to be brought" into this building any
liquors of any kind ; and then it provides,
"and any officer or employe of the Govern-
ment who shall in any manner violate or con-
nive at or countenance"—words that ought
never to be used in any criminal statute—
"the violation of this resolution shall be sum-
marily dismissed from office." So if a Sen-
ator 
Mr. WILSON. That does not apply to a
Senator.
Mr. SHERMAN. It applies to every one
in office. So that if a Senator should bring in
a vial of medicine containing alcohol, he would
be liable to be summarily dismissed from office,
because the resolution declares it unlawful "to
bring or, directly or indirectly, to cause to be
brought into the Capitol building'' any liquor,
and makes liable to summary dismissal from
office " any officer or employ! of the Govern-
ment who shall in any manner violate or con-
nive at or countenance the violation of this
resolution." It seems to me that latter part
ought to be stricken out. If the Senate will
strike it out, I will vote for the resolution as
it will then stand, declaring it unlawful to
bring liquors into the building, and that the
Sergeants-at-Arms of the two Houses, under
the supervision of the Presiding Officers, shall
see that the prohibition is enforced. I think
that will be sufficient. That will be an indica-
tion of the sense of Congress against the prac-
tice of bringing liquor here, and will give our
officers authority to abate the nuisance. I do
not like to vote for a measure that for so trivial
or venial an offense as this would be regarded
