32
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
by a great many persons would render a man
liable to be summarily removed from office.
With the modification I propose, I shall vote for
the resolution with pleasure. I move to amend
the resolution by striking out these words:
And any officer or employe of the Government who
shall in any manner violate or connive at or coun-
tenance the violation of this resolution shall be sum-
marily dismissed from office.
Mr. WILSON. I think the criticism of the
Senator from Ohio is not well founded. This
resolution simply declares it "unlawful for any
person"—and that includes Senators, and there
is no reason why it should not apply to them
as well as to other persons—"to bring or, di-
rectly or indirectly, to cause to be brought into
the Capitol building'' any liquors of any de-
scription; and then it proceeds to provide,
"and any officer or employ^ of the Govern-
ment who shall in any manner violate or con-
nive at or countenance the violation of this
resolution'1—that applies to the persons we
employ here who engage in this business in
any way whatever—"shall be summarily dis-
missed from office; and it shall be the duty of
the Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate and House
of Representatives, under the supervision of the
Presiding Officers of their respective Houses,
to enforce the provisions of this resolution."
I think it is right as it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move to refer this
resolution to the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will simply say that
I wish this resolution referred that it may be
put in proper form. I think it is a very small
business to exclude a gentleman from drinking
a glass of sweet cider at dinner.
Mr. WILSON. I did not hear the Senator's
remark. I should be glad to hear it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I say I think the reso-
lution requires amendment. I think it is very
absurd to exclude a glass of sweet cider at
dinner at the restaurant.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator desires it he
can vote for it. I hope the Senate will clear
this Capitol of intoxicating drinks of every kind
and description.
Mr. WILLEY. I hope the Senator from
Massachusetts will allow this resolution to be
referred. There seems to be a contrariety of
opinion in regard to its form, and I think
myself the circumstances are such as to indi-
cate the propriety of that course, so that it may
be considered in a careful and proper manner,
and that we may have something presented to
the Senate that will not be out of order or in
conflict with a sense of propriety. I hope the
Senator will make no objection to its reference.
I am sure it will come back in a short time in
a form that will be acceptable to the whole
Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I do not suppose the Senate
will remain here a great while, and I think we
ought to settle this question at the commence-
ment. I think the men we leave behind us
ought to understand that the Capitol cannot
be profaned in that way while we are absent.
If 1 were sure we had time enough I would not
object to the reference. I have no objection
to the committee to whom it is proposed to be
referred, for we all know it is a most excellent
committee, and I have perfect confidence in
them and would trust them on this or any other
question.
As to the wording of the resolution let me
say that it cannot very well be improved. It
was drawn with great care, and means exactly
what it says. I do not see how a word can be
put in or taken out of it that does not affect
what it does say. It was carefully drawn, care-
fully written, carefully studied in every respect.
There is no need of referring it to anybody to
change it, unless the purpose for which it is
introduced is to be changed. If that is true,
then it may be changed. I do not, therefore,
see any need of a reference. I think we may
as well pass it now. The* House of Repre-
sentatives, I find, are anxious to get away next
Monday. I am told that they have agreed that
when they adjourn to-day it be to meet on
Monday next. I think it important that we
should act on this matter now, and therefore I
am opposed to referring it to any committee
whatever. It is a plain and simple proposition,
drawn in clear language. Any man can under-
stand it at a glance and see what it means.
Mr. ANTHONY. I would suggest that it
be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, of which the Senator from Massa-
chusetts is chairman, and then it would not
only be in the hands of most excellent men,
but men who would report the most summary
measures for executing it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If this matter is to be
referred, I desire that it should be a little
broader than it is, so that, as the Senator from
Ohio has suggested, the committee should take
into consideration the location of the restau-
rant beneath us. I think that the cooking
immediately under the Senate Chamber is very
objectionable. It should be removed to some
other part of the building, if there is any other
part to which it could be removed ; I do not
know that there is. I wish that the commit-
tee might also take into consideration the re-
moval or change in some way of this restau-
rant below.
Mr. WILSON. There is no sort of diffi-
culty about that. The Presiding Officer of the
Senate can take care of that matter and pro-
vide that it shall not be done b'elow here. I
am not anxious about the cooking. I do
not think there is any need of any resolutions
or any legislation on that subject. On the
other, I have no question that there is. I
hope, therefore, that the Senate will pass the
resolution as it now stands without a reference,
because if it is referred we may not reach it
at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to refer this resolution
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Buekalew, Cameron,
Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Conness, Corbett, Davis,
Doolittle, Low)or, Howe, johnson, Norton, Ramsey,
Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Wade, and Willey-—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell, Dixon, Drake, Ferry, Fes-
sendon, Frelmghuysen, Harlan, Henderson, Hen-
dricks, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Patterson of Now Hampshire, Pat-
terson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Sumner, Thayer, Tip-
ton, Wilson, and Yates—21.
ABSENT — Messrs. Cra^in, Edmunds, Grimes,
Guthrie, Howard, Nye, Riddle, Ross, Saulsbury, and
Williams—10.
So the motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 2) to repeal an act
entitled "An act to retrocede the county of
Alexandria in the District of Columbia to the
the State of Virginia," and for other purposes,
was read twice by its title.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This bill
will be referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, if there be no objection.
Mr. IIARLAN. I move that that bill be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was about to say that it
involves a legal question, and it is proper that
it should be considered by the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
KBPORT OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 10) granting jurisdiction to the Court of
Claims in a certain cause involving the right
to the use of a patent, have instructed me to
report it back, and ask to be discharged from
its further consideration, and that i t be referred
to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
I will state before the motion is put, that
this is a bill to authorize a gentleman by the
name of Babcock to bring a suit against tho
United States for the use of his patent, which
is for a bronzing-machine, before the Court
of Claims. The Committee on the Judiciary
were of opinion that the United States should
not sti !Fer itself to be sued in any court; that if
the Government has made use of the patent of
this gentleman, he has a just claim against the
Government if his invention is one *pf any
value and the Government has used it. While
the committee are of opinion that the Gov-,
ernment ought to pay for its use if it has been
used, they think it would be improper to allow
the Government to be sued in such cases,
because if a suit were allowed in this case it '
would be in every other where a patentee sup-
posed the Government had infringed upon his
patent right, and least of all would it be proper
for the Court of Claims to take jurisdiction of
such a case. That court has no machinery to
try it; no juries are empaneled in that court;
witnesses are not examined in the court; all
the testimony is taken in writing; and it would
be improper in any event to send it there.
As it is a subject with which the Committee on
Patents are familiar and can determine whether
the Government has made use of the invention
of this gentleman, I am instructed by the Com-
mittee dfi>the Judiciary to ask to be discharged
from the further consideration of the bill, and
to move its reference to the Committee on
Patents.
The report was agreed to.
PROPOSED ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. WILSON. I move that when the Sen-
ate adjourn to-day it adjourn to meet on Mon-
day next.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion will be entertained if there be no objec-
tion.
Mr. ANTHONY. I would not object to the
introduction of the motion, but I hepe we shall
not adjourn over. We do not want to stay here
unnecessarily ; I hope we may bo able to ad-
journ next week, and I think we had better
come here to-morrow and receive messages
from the President and refer them.
Mr. CONNESS. I think so, too.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the ques-
tion, and declared that the ayes appeared to
have it.
Mr. CONNESS. I call for a division ; and
before the vote is taken I desire simply to re-
peat what was not heard perhaps from the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, that this adjournment
is simply to continue us here, while if we meet
to-morrow and receive messages from the Pres-
ident we can adjourn finally the sooner. It is
not like the beginning of a session where busi-
ness is not prepared. If Senators desire to
remain here during the season, then it is very
well to adjourn over Saturday; otherwise, I
think we ought to do our business and leave.
Mr. POMBROY. I do not desire to pro-
long this discussion. I have only this to say :
if the Presfelent has any communications to
make to us, he can make them to-day or Mon-
day or any time. I have not had any notice
myself that he has any. He has served no
notice on me that he is going to send any.
Mr. JOHNSON. He must send them. There
are a great many here already.
Mr. SPRAGUE. In conversation with the
Postmaster General yesterday, he informed me
that the operations of that Department are very
much embarrassed in consequence of the want
of officers. During the last Congress it is well
known that many were rejected, and the busi-
ness of th<* Post Office is now carried on by
clerks, and large amounts of the public money
are now subject to their care without the pscper
bond. He is making every effort to have proper
appointments made, or appointments that will
be acceptable to the Senate made, so that this
embarrassment nnder which the Post Office
Department now labors may be done away
with. I trust the Senate will remain in ses-
sion to-morrow for that purpose if for no other.
