34
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
Mr. EGGLESTON. I object.
Mr. PEICE. I hope J;he House will sus-
pend the rules.
The question being put on suspending the
rules, there were—ayes thirty-one.
Mr. PRICE. I call for tellers; and pending
that I ask leave to occupy five minutes in
explanation of this resolution.
Mr. ELIOT and Mr. EGGLESTON ob-
jected.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Price and Eggleston.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 66, noes 36.
So (two thirds not having voted in favor
thereof) the rules were not suspended.
leave op absence.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained indefi-
nite leave of absence for Mr. Eliot.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained leave
of absence for five days for Mr. Broomall, on
account of sickness.
adjournment over.
On motion of Mr. FARNSWORTH, it was
ordered that when the House adjourns to-day,
it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
call OF committees.
The SPEAKER. The regular order having
been called for, the first business in order is
thfc call of the committees for reports.
The committees were called, but no reports
were made.
The SPEAKER. There being no reports
of committees, the morning hour has now
expired.
paris exposition.
Mr. BANKS. I move to proceed to business
on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly proceeded to the con-
sideration of the firsttbusiness on the Speaker's
table, being Senate joint resolution No 2, sup-
plementary to other joint resolutions to enable
the people of the United States to participate
in the advantages of the Universal Exhibition
at Paris in 1867 ; which was read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution was read. It provides:
1. That the commission of the United States
at the Universal Exhibition to be held at Paris in
the year 1867 shall consist of the commissioner
general and honorary commissioner, whose
appointment was approved by the joint resolu-
tion of January 22. 18G6; also of the thirty
commissioners whose appointment was pro-
vided for by the joint resolution of July 5,
1866, and of twenty commissioners whose
appointment is hereinafter provided for.
2. That the commissioner general shall be
the president of the commission thus consti-
tuted, with a vote on all questions that mav
arise.
3. That the commission shall meet at Paris
as early as possible before the opening of the
Exhibition, upon the call of the commissioner
general, and, when properly organized, shall
make such rules and regulations as may be
necessary for efficient action, with power to
elect a vice president from their own number,
who, in the absence of the commissioner gen-
eral, shall preside at all meetings of the commis-
sion, and to appoint committees and chairmen
of groups.
4. That the commission may designate addi-
tional persons, not exceeding twenty in num-
ber, being citizens of the United States, known
to be skilled in any branch of industry or art,
who are hereby authorized to attend the Exhi-
bition in behalf of the United States as hon-
orary commissioners, without compensation.
5. That the commission may employ a sec-
retary and clerks for the commission, the
necessary scientific assistants, and draughts-
men, and may engage suitable rooms for the
commission.
6. That no commissioner shall act as agent
for the show or sale of any article at the Exhi-
bition, or be interested, directly or indirectly,
in any profits from any such article.
Section two provides that $50,000, or so
much thereof as may be necessary for the pur-
poses specified, be appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, for additional freights from New York
to Havre; for transportation from Havre to
Paris; for return freight of articles owned by
the United States or lent to the Government by
individuals; for marine and fire insurance on
the articles thus lent; for additional -steam-
power at Paris in the "palace" and the
"annex," or supplemental building, and in
grounds adjacent; for the exhibition of ma-
chines, agricultural and other, and for the
erection of buildings to illustrate the education
and agriculture of the United States: and for
the collection of specimens of agricultural pro-
ductions under joint resolution for that purpose;
and for the necessary expense of collecting,
classifying, labeling, and packing mineralogical
and metallurgical specimens, to complete the
exhibition of the mineral wealth of the United
States ; for the necessary expense of laborers
and extra services in the offices at Paris and
New York ; for the expenses <of a secretary,
clerks, scientific assistants, and draughtsmen,
rooms, and other incidental expenses of the
commission.
The third section provides that it shall be
the duty of the general agent at New York and
of the commissioner general at Paris to trans-
mit to Congress, through the Department of
State, a detailed statement of the manner in
which the expenditures herein authorized are
made by them respectively.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, this resolution
is precisely as it passed the House at the close
of the last session by more than a two-thirds
vote. It is well understood by members, and
I trust the question may be taken without
delay. If there be no explanation required I
will ask the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered to
be read a third time, and it was accordingly
read the third time.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to know whether this
joint resolution does not contain an appropria-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution has
passed to a stage at which that question cannot
be raised.
Mr. BANKS. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move that
the joint resolution be laid upon the table; and
I demand the yeas and nays upon that motion
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the House re-
fused to lay the joint resolution upon the table.
The question recurred on the passage of the
joint resolution.
Mr. MUNGEN demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the joint resolution.
The yeps and nays were not ordered.
The joint resolution was passed.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
improvement of fox and wisconsin rivers.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was joint resolution of the Senate No. 6, ex-
tending the time for the completion of the
improvement of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask that the joint resolu-
tion be considered now.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would like some
explanation in regard to it.
Mr. CHANLER. Does not this joint res-
olution contain an appropriation ?
The SPEAKER. It does not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is not this the same
resolution that was before the House during
the last Congress?
The SPEAKER. The, resolution merely
provides for the extension of time for the com-
pletion of a public work in Wisconsin. It is
not an appropriation bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If it is the same one
that was before the last Congress there is a
great deal of objection to it.
Mr. SAWYER. The bill to which the gen-
tleman from Illinois has reference was an
entirely different one, and had no connection
at all with this.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Bills of this kind,
referring to some past act which they propose
to continue in force, cannot be understood
without some explanation of their meaning.
This kind of legislation frequently slips through
Congress and very few members understand
it, because they are not familiar with the acts
referred to. I therefore desire to have some
information in reference to this matter.
Mr. JULIAN. This is a matter which is
entirely local. The measure has the unan-
imous approval of the-Wisconsin delegation.
Mr. HOPKINS. I will state for the infor-
mation of the House that this resolution simply
extends the time for the completion of the
improvement of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers
and the construction of a canal. The money
needed for the completion of the work is de-
posited in the State treasury of our State, and
this resolution simply extends -the time for the
completion of the work. Such an extension of
time is necessary. The resolution involves no
appropriation, either of land or of money, and
it is satisfactory to the people of Wisconsin and
also to their delegation here.
Sr. FARNSWORTH. Has the time ex-
pired during which this improvement is to be
made?
Mr. HOPKINS. It has.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. How much money
is there in the State treasury for this purpose ?
Mr. HOPKINS. Seventy thousand dollars.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Would not that
money be returned to the United States Gov-
ernment in case of the forfeiture of the condi-
tions by the State ? I will call, however, for
the reading of the resolution again.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. EGGLESTON. This matter was before
the Committee of Commerce of the last House
when they were considering the river and har-
bor improvement bill, and an appropriation
was included in that bill for one of these rivers.
Now, for the purpose of obtaining full infor-
mation upon this subject, I move that this
joint resolution be referred to the Committee
on Commerce when appointed.
Mr. PRUYN. The motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Eggleston,] if agreed
to by this House, must necessarily delay action
on this matter a long time ; I therefore trust
that the proposed reference will not be made.
I have entire confidence in the statement of
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Hopkins,]
and believe that this joint resolution should
pass. * The improvement in question is a mer-
itorious one, and Congress should aid it by
every means of this kind in its power. No
money is asked for; no land is asked for; it
is simply a question of extension of time for
the completion of a project which has already
been declared to be a meritorious one. I trust
this motion for delay will not meet the appro-
val of the Housie.
Mr. ROSS. I would ask if the passage of
this joint resolution would not tie up the public
domain for five years from actual settlement ?
It appears to mo that it would.
The question was on the motion to refer the
joint resolution to the Committee of Com-
merce when appointed.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope this joint resolu-
tion will not be referred, because there is no
reason in the world why it should be. This
company has already expended about half a
million dollars in this work, and they have
until the 3d day of August next in which to
complete it. They have deposited in the State
treasury of Wisconsin the sum of $70,000
to secure ths completion of the work. Some
