1867.
THE"CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
difficulty has arisen-in regard to whether the
improvement shall be carried out so as to
require larger locks than those which they
agreed to make originally. If this resolution
does not pass, then the company will go on and
complete the work with small locks, as* they
originally agreed to do; but if it is passed,
then they will have ample time in which to
determine whetherto make larger locks ornot.
The appropriation already made for the im-
provement of the Wisconsin river will not be
worth much without the enlarged locks, which
will be secured by the passage of this joint
resolution. This matter was thoroughly invest-
igated by the Committee on Public Lands of
the last House, and there it met with approval;
but the committee were unable to get the floor
to make their report.
Mr. JULIAN. This measure has been care-
fully considered by two standing committees
of Congress, and unanimously concurred in
by both committees. I hope, therefore, the
motion to refer will not prevail.
_ Mr. FARNSWORTH. With the explana-
tion of the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Sawyer,] I can see no abjection to the passage
of this joint resolution.
The motion to refer was not agreed to.
The joint resolution was then read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
liaid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
stationery ani> newspapers for members.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Postmaster of this House be,
and he is hereby, required to deliver to each member
and Delegate stationery equal in amount to that
provided for members during a short session: and
that the Clerk of the House furnish each member
and Delegate with the same amount of newspapers
received by the members and Delegates of the last
House.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
agreed to; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
debts confiscated by rebels.
Mr. BUTLER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution relating to certain
claims of northern creditors ; which was read
a first and second time.
The joint resolution was read at length. The
preamble recites that the congress of the con-
federate States ordered the sequestration and
confiscation of all the debts due from inhabit-
ants of the southern States to their creditors
residing in the loyal States; that there was paid
to the Citizens' Bank of New Orleans, prior to
the 1st day of May, 1862, a sum exceeding half
a million dollars, the proceeds of such confisca-
tion of northern credits, of which there remained
to the credit of the confederate States receiv-
ers in such bank the sum of $219,090 94 only
on the 1st day of May, at the time of the
occupation of the city of New Orleans by the
forces of the United States, which said sum,
by the order of the general then commanding
the Department of the Gulf, was seized for the
benefit of the northern creditors whose debts
had been thus confiscated, and said sum was
sent by him to the Secretary of the Treasury
of the United States, to be by hire held in
trust for the benefit of said northern creditors;
that owing to a doubt entertained by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury as to his legal authority
to distribute the said sum of $219,090 94
among the creditors to whom it belongs, and
to determine the rights of each to his portion
thereof, the money has lain undisturbed in the
Treasury since July, 1862, to the great injury
and detriment of the just and loyal owners of
the money, although they have made many
applications to have the same.
The joint resolution, therefore, authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury to appoint a com-
mission of three persons, one of whom shall
be learned in the law, to hear and determine
the claims of the parties who are entitled to
the said sum of $219,090 94, ratably among
the persons who shall present-their claims and
be entitled thereto, to an amount not exceed-
ing the claim of each when confiscated, with
interest thereon. But no claim which shall
not be presented within three. months after
public notice of a meeting of the commission-
ers to receive such claim is to be allowed or
paid by order of the commissioners.
_ There being no objection, the joint resolu-
tion was introduced, and read a first and second
time.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
The question was on the passage of the joint
resolution.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker  
The SPEAKER. If the resolution is to be
debated, the Chair will recognize the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] as en-
titled to the floor, he having introduced the
resolution.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to yield to me a moment.
Mr. BUTLER. I will do so with pleasure.
Mr. SCOFIELD. It has occurred to me,
in hearing this resolution read, that northern
creditors have their claims again st their southern
debtors the same now as formerly. The act
of sequestration passed by the congress of the
confederate States would be treated as null
and void; and those creditors can collect their
claims without regard to the payments which
were made into the treasury of the confederacy.
The fund thus seized by the Government of
the United States was property of the confed-
eracy, and being captured became the prop-
erty of the United States; and it ought, it
seems to me, to go into the common fund of the
Government.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Speaker, this fund which
was found in the Citizens' bank of New'Orleans,
stood in such a condition as to be separated
from the general fund of the confederate States.
The general then commanding the Department
of the Gulf sent this particular fund to the Uni-
ted States Treasury in trust for the creditors.
He sent also a quarter of a million dollars
of the general funds of the confederacy to go
into the common Treasury of the United States.
This particular fund has been kept intact by
the Secretary of the Treasury ever since; and
it ought to go to these northern creditors.
I agree with my friend on the left [Mr. Soo-
field] that the northern creditor has his legal
remedy against the southern debtor, although
the latter may already have paid the money
under the void sequestration and confiscation
orders of the confederate States; but in view
of the lapse of time and the devastations of
the war, that remedy would, I fear, in most
cases prove fruitless. Therefore, after con-
sultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, I
have ventured to ask Congress to allow this
fund, under his direction, to be distributed
to those to whom it justly belongs. It does
not in my judgment belong to the Treasury of
the United States. It was not confederate
property, because it had hot passed into the
general fund of the confederacy. It had not
been so appropriated when taken possession j
of on the part of the Government. <
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I desire to ask my i
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Bctlee] what
effect such a law as this will have so far as
regards releasing those debtors? Will it afford
them a defense in a court of law if they be
sued by their various creditors? If this bill be
enacted into a law, and these creditors receive
their respective portions of this fund in pay-
ment of their claims, will the debtors be re-
leased ? Can they plead this payment in bar
of an action against them by the creditors?
I wish to suggest one other point. Of course
all the debtors in the South did not pa;' their
money into the Citizens' Bank of New Orleans;
a great many of them paid nothing. Now, sup-
pose A at the South, who owed B at the North,.
paid nothing into the Citizens' Bank; and sup-
pose that B should go to the Secretaiy of the
Treasury under this commission and receive
his distributive or pro rata share. , What will
be the effect of such an enactment as this in
such a case? Can B, having received a part
or all of his money from the Treasury, sue A
either for the balance or for the whole debt?
It strikes me that a measure of this sort had
better be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to ask another
question in this same connection, if the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bdtler] will
allow me.
Mr. BUTLER. Certainly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to know whether
the passage of this resolution will not in effect
recognize the validity of the confiscation by
the confederate government? If we now take
this fund and apply it in payment of debts
which were confiscated by order of the con-,
federate government, will it not be in effect a
recognition of the authority of that government
so to confiscate and so to appropriate the debts
of northern creditors?
Mr. BUTLER. I will answer the last gentle-
man first. The resolution proceeds upon the
proposition that all that was done by the con-
federate government was null and void, and
that certain moneys which ought to have been
paid to northern creditors were paid to con-
federate State receivers. The northern cred-
itors are now seeking in this manner to pursue
their claims to this fund which went to dimin-
ish debtors' ability to meet their demands, and
in no event (and I have endeavored to consider
the question with care and attention) will the
passage of this resolution be a recognition of
the confederate State government.
In answer to my friend on my right, [Mr.
Farxsworth,] I would say that this resolution
only provides that this fuud shall be distributed
to those identical creditors whose debts were
thus attempted to be confiscated. It does not
affect anybody else on earth, and it affects the
southern debtor only in this : that so much as
his northern creditor gets by this process he
cannot ask again. He may bring his suit for
any balance. Indeed, I do not know but what
he might bring his suit for all, and it will be
for the southern debtor to show that some sat-
isfaction has been received by the creditor.
There are from one half to three fourths
of a million dollars of these debts. There is
only S219,000 to meet them; therefore it re-
quires a commission to distribute the fund pro
rata. After these northern creditors have
waited for five years and upward it seema to
me that some remedy should be afforded them
by the Congress of the United States.
Mr. PRUYN. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him whether I understood him correctly
in saying that this resolution meets the approval
of the Secretary of the Treasury?
Mr. BUTLER. Entirely, sir. He would
have acted in the matter himself but he doubted
the power.
Mr. RAUM. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to offer an amendment-
Mr. BUTLER. I will hear it read.
Mr. RAUM. I desire to amend the resolu-
tion by adding the following:
Provided, That the cost of said commission shall
be paid out of said money.
Mr. BUTLER.. I accept the amendment.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. BUTLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
confiscated .property in* louisiana.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask leave to offer
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War bo directed to
