d807.
Me . ' shorn.
m
take the liberty, of s,ayitig meets tie approval
ofmy heart. In this common-place world we
Bow, and then have an incident of sublimity.
When our fathers-pledged th^ir lives, fortunes^
and sacred honors to establish "independence;
when'thg,t'ropgh hand wrote, " Abraham 'Lin-
coln' ' an4Tour jn'illipn human creatures were set
free.—tttfae/were incidents of sublimity. .And,
< Mr.. President, this' scene here to-day, aft^r a
great people have poured.out'their blood,"after
"a great 'people have expended their treasure to
preserve from destruction—from the destruction
of a crime that has no name—a great Republic,
then to see them turning round and saying to
their foes, even to their unrepentalit foes, if
"you are hungered we will feed youthat is
motal, nay, sir, that .is Christian sublimity.
I do not want to boast, but I may say that
no State in the field did her duty any better
than New Jersey, and I know that my colleague
and myself can give no vote that our constit-
uency will more approve than voting this
$1,000,000 for provisions to relieve the desti-
tute people of the South and to distribute them
without regard to the political sentiments of
the beneficiaries.
All that has been said in reference to the
Commissioner is true. The Old World had its
Howard, who braved the contagions of dun-
geons, who met all the perils that philanthropy
could invite him to, and we have got a one-
armed soldier so brave and so prudent and so
philanthropic that he does honor even to the
honored name he bears.
Sir, we have had important legislation in
Congress during the past session. Let us now
consecrate it by this act of Christian charity.
Let the Commissioner be the almoner of this
nation, and let the closing act before we sepa-
rate be one of sublime philanthropy. I trust
the resolution will receive the unanimous vote
of both Houses of Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will say a word upon
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Rhode Island. The amount estimated by
General Howard was $1,508,750. The com-
mittee reported $1,000,000. The Senator from
Rhode Island proposes to increase it to
§1,500,000, as proposed by General Howard.
But. it will be observed, it' Senators will look
at General Howard's letter, that in making up
the sum of $1,508,000 he has given a state-
ment in detail of the number of persons, both
whites and blacks, that will need assistance in
these States, and then he estimates rations for
all of them for live months at twenty-five cents
apiece. Now, they will not require these full
rations for that time, and so we are informed
by General Howard himself; but it was
thought there might be additional persons who
would need something; and he states in this
communication, and so stated to the commit-
tee, that he has now on hand all the money
necessary to feed all the persons who are des-
titute and suffering in the South that it is
proper to furnislf supplies to be embraced in
the provisions of the Freedfnen's Bureau act,
and this appropriation is to furnish supplies
to outside persons. Of course he could not
tell exactly what the amount might be. He
has on hand now unexpended $700,000. We
appropriated the other day $625,000. That
makes $1,325,000 that he has at his disposal.
Now we propose another 81,000,000 for the
outside persons not reached by the provisions
of the Freedmen's Bureau act. The commit-
tee considered this subject carefully, had Gen-
eral Howard before them, and I submit to the
Senate that it would be better to adopt the
suggestion of the committee of $1,000,000
as being the proper sum necessary to appro-
priate. I know that the feelings of Senators
are touched by this appeal from the destitute
and suffering, and they would be willing to
vote any amount perhaps that should be
deemed to be necessai-y; but the committee to-
whom this subject was referred, and who have
spent considerable time upon it this morning
in connection with General Howard, came to
the conclusion that $1,000,000 was enough.
J, think the Senator from Rhode Island had
better Withdraw his amendntent and, let it
stand" at the .su m reported by the eo'mmitfe'e.
Mr. MORTON. I should "be glad to h£ar
the resolution read.
The Secretary read it.
Vhte\ifR|feit>^T^ro tempore,
tio'n is'6h/theja:mfen)itri&it orofetf by *'^he"Sen-
"ator from'Rhode Island.
Mr. TRUMBULL,. The am'en^tr(eii1;,,fs.,%
increase the sum appropriated iroin^l.CtoOw
to $1,'500,000. .   - .
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to make
a suggestion to the honorable Senator, who
reports this resolution. It is with reference to
the ground on which the resolution proceeds.
I do not know what the honorable Senator's
idea is of the power which is. exercised here
in this grant. It will be seen that by the phrase-
ology of the resolution we make this grant
in consequence of the failure of the crop. If
it is on that ground, it is a little difficult for me
to see where wejget the authority.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That phrase is inserted
in the resolution to show how it happens that
this destitution exists. Theground upon which
I should put the authority to pass the resolu-
tion is this: we have been engaged in a great
war; during the progress of that war the South
has been overrun by our armies; " and it is now
stated to us that in consequence of their being
unable to raise any crops there a portion of the
inhabitants are in a starving condition; and I
think upon the same principle that we could
take them prisoners and feed them as prisoners
of war, we may, as a nation .having control at
this time of all those rebel States, they still
being under military control, feed the starving
and the destitute. I have no doubt about the
constitutional power to do that. The recital
in the resolution, that it is in consequence of
the failure of the crops that this destitution
exists, might be left out of the resolution; I
do not think that affects it one way or the
other. I presume we never should have been
called upon or thought of appropriating any-
thing in this ease except for the recent war.
■ Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I can under-
stand that the resolution might very properly
be passed upon the principle now stated by
the chairman of the Judiciary Committee.
The difficulty is that the resolution itself neg-
atives the idea that it proceeds upon that
ground. I suppose there is no difficulty in
making this appropriation upon the ground
that these people in the insurrectionary States
are subject to our authority and are under our
absolute control, and they are in some sense
prisoners of war; we are so dealing with them
to-day; and of course we may relieve any suf-
fering that arises out of that actual condition
of things. I do not doubt that at all. I sup-
posed it was upon some such ground that the
honorable chairman of the committee placed
this resolution. I suggest to the chairman
whether it would meet his views to strike out
the words which I will read:
In those southern and southwestern States whore
a failure of the crops and other causes have occa-
sioned wide-spread destitution-—
and simply insert the words "in the insurrec-
tionary States;" so that the resolution will
read:
That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
empowered and directed to issue supplies of food
sufficient to prevent starvation and extreme want
to any and all classes of the people in the insurrec-
tionary States, &c.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should have no sort
of objection to that amendment.. The joint
resolution, I will state, was not drafted by
myself. I do not think the amendment very
material. I have ho objection to it. The
resolution as it stands ' states that the destitu-
tion is occasioned " from failure of the crops
and other causes," which would bring them all
in I suppose ; but if it will be more acceptable
to the Senator from Maine, although 1 have
no authority to agree to the amendment for
the committee, as an individual I 'liave no
objection to it.
Mr. MOR'KlLL, of'Maine.: I moveto amwd
it in that Vay. • •f
Mr. JOHNSON. I &5k th&t'it :b~e ^rgadiais
it Will -stand if amended. >•: ■ •
The Secretary read as follow' . :
supplifcs oOFpoil sufficient to preY.eBtstarratioxija'nd
extreme suffering fo any'and. all classes of.'the peo-
ple in"the insurrectionary Sttft&r lta,rtlie"isSiMs 'be
made throdgft the !Frtodroeri's.:33tore4tu under'aiich
iegiiations as the Seeret&ryof Wa,r■ shall prescribe,
&c. - ,
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask to insert the "word
"late" before the word "insurrectionary."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have'no objec-
tion to that.
The PRESIDENT "pr& tempore. It will be
so modified unless objected to.
Mr. WILSON'. Doe's the Seh&to'r from Maine
strike out^the words ''where extreme destitu-
tntion exists ?'•' .1 think it would be well to
keep those words in.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That'is implied
in the precedinglanguage. They are to relieve
suffering and prevent starvation. It is-all
implied in:that.
Mr. WILSON. . I vote for this appropria-
tion'on the same'ground that I voted $25,0(fO
and' other sums to the suffering -poor of this
District/and, under'the peculiar circumstances
of the case, the'same" as we voted to support
the bureau to1 take bare of the refugees an'd
freedmen. It "appears that these people by
their condition are now in'tieedof aid,and I
vote"it jffstras cheerfully as ! voted for the other.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is the
ground on which I put it. I simply wished to
exclude any inference that it is simply on
account of the failure of the crops.
Mr. DRAKE. The Seliator from "Maryland
proposes to insert in the resolution the word
1' late'' before the word '1 insurrectionary.'' I
would inquire, sir, whether the Congress of
the United States has ever oifficiallyrecognized
the fact that those States are not still in insur-
rection ; whether the Congress of the United
States has recognized the fact that the rebel-
lion in those States has been subdued? If it
has, then I think the insertion of the word
"late" would be very correct ; if it has not,
I object to the insertion of that word. I ask
for information.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had better
leave out the word "late" and avoid any con-
troversy about it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have not the slightest
objection to that; but I do not see why the
honorable member from Maine suggests his
amendment at all. I think it better to pass
the resolution just as the committee reported
it, and I appeal, therefore, to the honorable
member to withdraw his amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the chair-
man thinks so, I have no objection.
Mr. JOHNSON. The amendment is with-
drawn, I understand.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I rose more to
suggest it to the chairman than for any other
purpose. If he attaches no importance to it,
I will withdraw the amendment if it embar-
rasses the resolution.
The PRESIDENTjwo tempore. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to inquire
what evidence there is before this Senate that
this appropriation is needed to prevent starva-
tion ? If it is needed for that purpose I am
for it: but I should like to have some evidence
upon' that subject. A charity was never yet
voted but what there were found plenty of
persons to bring themselves within the scope
of it and receive'the benefit of it. If we were
to vote $5,000,000 for this purpose there
would be found plenty of persons bringing
themselves within the scope of it, and the full
appropriation would be expended. I think
there is nothing so important to this country
at this time as a rigid retrenchment in appro-
priations. To vote a million here and a mil-
