1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a failure—not that I reject upon any particular
officer connected with" it. I have lived for
many years in an Indian country. I have
known th« fact that while appropriations were
being made constantly here, they were, as a
general rule, reaching no good purpose., I
have seen my neighbors and friends constantly
shot down as they were prospecting, as they
were cultivating farms, as they were pioneer-
ing, so to speak, in the West; and I have been
convinced in nine cases out of ten that it was
the mismanagement of the whole Indian sys-
tem, the fault of the system that was to blame;
that the system was inadequate. The Indian
traders would have a difficulty with the Indians,
and the Indians would take their vengeance
upon the innocent inhabitants, and innocent
people arc now being daily murdered by the
Indians with arms that they have obtained from
this Government. When this is done you send
your armies to chastise them. You fit out an
expedition. You pay alargeamountof money
for that expedition. When the troops get to
the neighborhood of the Indian country, and
when they have pursued the Indian until they
have cut off his- supplies, he slips around the
army to an agent and makes a contract with
your Indian department. The money that
you spend for the army is thrown away and
the army is removed; and then the Indian
commences again to take satisfaction on the
settlers. I say that the money expended does
not, and has not in the country where I have
lived, accomplished the purpose. Large appro-
priations upon the plea of starving Indians are
constantly made here; Indian treaties are
passed without consideration; vast amounts
of money are expended; they are not allowed
to starve, but the money does not reach the
starving; they complain; the Government
works at cross purposes; the settlers are being
constantly murdered; and I believe to-day,
and it is the opinion of many who have lived
in that country, that if the Government will
take away its entire machinery from there,
both the army and the Indian department,
and leave the settlers and the Indians together,
there will be less loss of life and less suffering.
I say that the working of the two depart-
ments that are operating in the Indian country
has caused the system to be a failure; and I
do not believe, with the way that system is
organized, that you can put any man at the
head of it who can make it a system that is
worthy of the American name. It is a failure,
under my own personal observation; and I
alluded to that incidentally to show how we
often appropriate money extravagantly. I
alluded to the system, not to individuals. I
believe that system to be a failure. I am
aware that the Senator from Iowa has recently
attempted to make reforms in that system,
that he has made strong efforts to remedy the
evils of it. That he has succeeded to some
little extent I have no doubt. That he has
succeeded as much as anybody could with the
system, with the two departments of the Gov-
ernment operating in the Indian country, no-
body doubts. That he has done his whole duty
nobody will question. I make no reflection
in my remarks upon art^ particular individual.
But, sir, I repeat, so long as this Govern-
ment attempts to act through two sets of agents
at cross purposes in the Indian country, so
long the settlers must suffer at the hands of the
red man; so long the Indian will have his
complaint of being cheated, and so long the
system will be a failure. One or the other
Department should have charge of it aud be
responsible for it.
But, sir, this Freedmen's Bureau is under the
charge of a competent officer, and I believe
that he has, as a general thing, been allowed
to execute his own orders, and he has been
allowed to carry it out in such a way that it
has contributed largely to the peace and secur-
ity of the South. It has been a humane insti-
tution ; it has been a success ; and it is a safe
means of distributing the charities of this Gov-
ernment.
Mr. HENDERSON. Has.it not cost a great
deal more than the Indian department?
Mr. STEWART. It iiaa a great many more
to look after; and I doubt whether it has cost
more. I think the expenditures. of the last
year will show that the Indian department
cost the most. If you take the expense of
fitting out expeditions which have been aban-
doned before there was any execution, and
your war claims, they will amount to more
than double the expense, of the Freedmen's
Bureau.
Mr. HENDERSON. Those are expendi-
tures of the War Department, not of the In-
dian department.
Mr. STEWART. But the War Department
complain, and justly, too, that when their plans
are about to amount to anything, you make
treaties with the Indians. You work at cross
purposes. Nobody is responsible for the In-
dians. They go to war and kill the pioneers.
While they are engaged in that a war expe-
dition is started out against them. When your
Army gets near them, they slip around and
make peace with your peace commissioners,
and the efforts of the War Department amount
to nothing, and the Indians are not chastised.
The two Departments working at cross pur-
poses are spending large amounts of money.
I do not recollect now the exact number of
millions of dollars that have been spent in the
last year on the Indian department and the
War Department operating in the Indian
country.
But, sir, this Freedmen's Bureau has been
under one Department; it has been under the
charge of one man; he has had the general
supervision of it; and I say it has been a suc-
cess. I do not think it has cost near as much
money as has been expended for Indian pur-
poses, taking the two Departments that are
operating in the Indian country. If you had
connected with this bureau a quantity of trea-
ties with these people, if you had a host of con-
tractors, if you had crowds of attorneys for
claims connected with it, if it ramified itself
through every branch of the Government, if
it was an institution that had grown up into its
enormous proportions for twenty years, an
institution which it is almost political death to
some members of Congress if they raise their
voice against, if it had grown into those pro-
portions and this was a proposition to con-
tinue it, I should be opposed to it. I believe
that this Freedmen's Bureau will do its work,
as it has done its work, well, and that there
is no reason to apprehend danger from it. I
had great and serious apprehensions when it
was started, but it has more than met my ex-
pectations. I did not intend in the remarks
that I made any reflection further than upon
the present Indian system, to which it is well
known I have always been opposed.
Mr. HARLAN. I did not intend to inflict
on the Senate a discussion on this subject at
this time ; I merely desired to have the informa-
tion ou which the Senator based his very grave
charge, as I regarded it, on that branch of the
public service. I wish to say, however, while
I am on my feet, that, this conflict in adminis-
tration which has afflicted his fancy does not
exist in fact. Although the Indian Bureau is
under the general direction of one of the De-
partments of the Government and the Army
under the direction of another, both of these
Departments are under the direction-' of the
President of the United States ; and during the
brief period in which I had an opportunity to
look more intimately into the affairs of both
of these Departments than previously there
was no conflict of purpose or of execution in
the administration of Indian affairs under these
two Departments. When an Indian tribe was
at war the Interior Department refused to have
intercourse with them except through the mil-
itary authorities; when a tribe was at peace
the military authorities refrained from all inter-
ference with them except when called upon by
the officers of the Interior Department for inil-
ftary force to execute the law and the orders
Of the Department, and in this way harmony
was secured, and prevailed during the whole
period, certainly, in wliich I was connected with
one of the Executive Departments. This con-
flict of theory and of action between these two
Departments of the Government to vhich .the
Senator has alluded has not existed in fact
during the last year and a half at least. . -
Mr. STEWART. Allow mo to make a sug-
gestion to the Senator. It may not/exist at
Washington in theory 5 but that it does exist ;in
fact in all the western Territories there is not
a "man who has lived there and been familiar
with affairs there who will not testify. Living
in that country and having taken some little
interest in regard to the Indian wars that have
occurred, having endeavored always to protect
the people, I have talked with Indian agents
and with military commanders on the subject,
and I have found them constantly blaming each
other. This conflict is not a new thing; it has
long existed. It is a conflict there the merits
of which the Departments here cannot very
well determine. The subordinates of each
Department send their representatives here.
Every man living there knows that although
theoretically the President ig at the head and
has the right to determine these matters, still
as a matter of fact there are continually cross
purposes between the military commanders and
the Indian agents, and this prevents the effi-
ciency of either, and makes it a most expensive
and unavailable system.
Mr. HARLAN. The real conflict is in the
variety of opinions that exist between the peo-
ple who inhabit some of the now districts of
country and those who inhabit the more set-
tled, and the SenaUTr will pardon me for say-
ing more civilized portions of the country. The
prevailing public opinion of the Territories
is that the Indians ought to be exterminated;
the prevailing opinion of the Army is that
they ought to be exterminated; the opinion
of the Interior Department and its officers is
that they ought not to be annihilated. But
while we are depriving them of their lands and
their ancient homes, and driving away and de-
stroying the game on which they have previously
been supported, we should to some extent
supply them with the means of subsistence of
which they have been robbed by the gigantic
march of civilization. It is this conflict of
opinion between the frontier settlers, who thus
seized without purchase the Indians' lands and
homes, and the ancient owners, wlio cling to
the inheritance of their fathers to the plains,
valleys, and hills, inhabited by their ancestors
for centuries, and who, to prevent their women
and children from starvation, occasionally com-
mit depredations on the live stock of the squat-
ters, and not a conflict between the War and
Interior Departments which causes the trouble ;
and the Senator from Nevada, who has just
spoken, sympathizes with this sentiment of the
frontier inhabitants, who, smarting under their
losses and these annoyances, wish the Indians
all swept out of existence, and of the Army
on the frontier, who think it wiser to kill the
Indians than to teach them the arts of civilized
life. But if the truth may be spoken, impar-
tial history will record, and the Senator must
admit, that in nine cases in ten these Indian
depredations are provoked by the white set-
tlers ; they are merely in retaliation for depre-
dations committed on them by their white
neighbors. Nearly every outbreak which has
come to my knowledge has been provoked by
the illegal and wrongful act of the white set-
tlers or soldiers. The murder of white people
by the Indians has been in nearly every in-
stance preceded by the cold-blooded murder
of Indians by the whites, and sometimes by
the soldiers garrisoning the outer posts. Tho
Indian war now raging in Arizona began with
the unprovoked massacre of a few chiefs, who
entered one of our forts, by the garrison.
The recent massacre of about one hundred
soldiers and their officers near Fort Phil. Kear-
ney was brought about by the unskillful con-
duct, to say the least, of the commander of
