46
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
custody, or control of them. We were obliged
to do something for them. They never had
been allowed to earn a dollar for themselves,
and we stripped them from the protection of
those who had had the' interest of ownership
in taking care of them,- set them out apart
from their late owners, in absolute destitution,
with no possible means of serving or saving
themselves, and no local government to serve
or save them. There was an absolute necessity
then, an absolute necessity for the natioft to
take care of the people they had placed in that
position.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As far as the argument
of the Senator goes it has some force; but the
law to which I referred provided not only for
those who had been manumitted, but for a
class of white persons who had never been in
the condition of slavery, described in the bill
as "refugees;" and under that provision of
the bill a very large number of white people
have come under the care of the Freedmen's
Bureau.
Mr. HOWE. The difference between the
refugee and the freedman was simply this: the
refugee was not such through any act of the
nation, but he was compelled to be such
through the act of the only local authorities
existing about his own home. In my judg-
ment the nation should have made very differ-
ent provision for both of these classes. In-
stead of establishing a bureau, a national
bureau here, to protect either the colored
freedman or the white refugee, I, as the whole
Senate, and I trust by this time the whole
country, know, if I could have had my way,
would have had a local government provided
for each one of those communities not only
able but disposed to furnish protection to both
dlasses. But that the Congress was indisposed
to do, and this was the only other thing they
could do. But now the very men whom you
propose to relieve by this resolution are the
men who do have a government down there,
who are administering the local authorities,
and in the course of that administration have
the disposition of all the property within their
limits just as completely as the government of
New York has under its care and under its
direction the whole resources of the State of
New York.
Mr. NYE. I hope sir, this resolution will
pass. If I were to say to my friend from Wis-
consin that I think lie is drawing a fine dis-
tinction when the voice of hunger is ringing in
our ear, I should say no more than I really
feel. It is enough for me to know, Mr. Presi-
dent, that citizens of this country are in a state
of starvation.
Mr. HOWE. My friend will allow me a
word by way of correction. The point of dif-
ference between my friend from Nevada and
myself is as to what is a fine distinction. I
am simply distinguishing between that which
is mine, and which I am willing to contribute
for this or any other charitable purpose, and
that which belongs to the public. I do not con-
sider that to be a fine distinction which dis-
criminates between what is mine and what is
somebody else's.
Mr. NYE. I was about to relieve the Sen-
ator from aay apprehension that I indulged in
the sentiment he has suggested, by saying that
we have several precedents to which we can
resort on this occasion. Irecollect very well
when Kansas was in her difficulties, the State
of New York, as a State, through her Legisla-
ture, contributed $50,000 for the purpoSfe of
buying seed for the citizens of Kansas. I rec-
ollect that during the last session, when fire
desolated and devastated a large portion of the
city of Portland, the Senate voted $50,000 for
the relief of the sufferers. What I mean to
suggest is, that when I hear the cries of hun-
ger I ain not going to read the Constitution
carefully to find reasons for rejecting the ap-
peal. I hold that the first great duly of the
Government is to protect its citizens: and I
shall not look for constitutional power to do
that; it is inherent in the Government itself;
and whenever the time arrives that this Gov-
ernment does riot yield protection to its citi-
zens, its vitality iand its power are gone.
Neither, sir, is it Christianlike to inquire
how these people got into this difficulty. If I
see my neighbor in trouble, my first duty is to
extricate him, and talk about how he got into
it afterward. I am in favor of this measure
because the cause of humanity demands it. I
am in favor of it for another purpose and
another object, and I wish the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Hesdricks] were here to hear
what I have to say on this point. I was a strong
advocate for the establishment of the Freed-
men's Bureau. I thought I saw in that measure
an instrument that would administer its duties
in such a way as to command, ere the sun had
rolled its round twelve months, the respect of
those who opposed it. I said then, and I repeat,
that that was a measure "born of the necessity
of the hour, and it was pregnant with results
that would manifest themselves more appar-
ently in the future. I rejoice that the occasion,
although it is solemn, if it must come, has
come under these auspices. It will show the
southern people that that great measure of
good and of beneficence was a measure that
originated not in the prejudices, but in the
enlarged generosity of a people that felt kindly
toward them. It is now the very instrument
through which the hungry are to be fed, and
the naked clothed; and in the day of judgment
I do not want my vote to stand recorded against
feeding the hungry or clothing the naked citi-
zens of my own country. The measure for the
establishment of theFreedmen's Bureau, which
was then opposed so strongly by the Opposition
in this House, has so operated that they have
now become obliged to praise it as an institu-
tion pregnant with good.
Now, sir, it is enough for me to know that
these people are hungry. I am opposed to the
suggestion of the Senator from New York,
because that would reduce these people to the
position that our prisoners were at Anderson-
ville before he would feed them. God knows
I desire to see no more walking skeletons,
whatever their offenses may have been. I
would not keep General Howard feeling their
pulse to see just when a mouthful of food was
necessary to save their lives, and' administer it
then as if it were medicine. No, sir, I Want
the bounty of this Government to go in no
such way; I want the mouths of the rebels
fed, so that they shall see that their only safety
is in returning to their good father's house,
where there are many mansions and bread
enough and to spare; that while they are with-
out they are feeding on husks, but when they
return they shall have the fatted calf. ' Sir,
these people are hungry, and we are here
talking. Let us stop talking, vote this appro-
priation, feed the hungry, and then our duty
will.be done.
' Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, it al-
ways affords me great delight to listen to the
honorable Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Nye.]
In the midst of the wickedness of the times
and the common unmindfulness of our obliga-
tions to a higher Power, and when we are
compelled to think, perhaps, that we have not
laid up those treasures in Heaven wliich^shall
serve us at a future day, it is refreshing to
know that there is at least one Senator in this
Chamber who looks to those beautiful mansions
in the skies, and who expects at last to repose
in the paradise of his Father and his God.
But, sir, I did not rise so much to express my
delight at hearing the sublime, Christian senti-
ments which have been enunciated by the hon-
orable Senator from Nevada, or to express my
great gratification to find that he is in the fold
of the righteous and looks forward to that last
,great day when it shall be said to those who
nave fed the hungry and clothed the naked,
"Blessed are ye! Enter into the mansions
prepared for ye but I rose simply to ask the
honorable Senator who, notwithstanding the
Christian graces which adorn his character, and
the Christian sentiments which prompt his
action, never allows -any opportunity to pass
by without a fling at his political opponents
on this floor; my object, lsay, was simply to
ask that honorable Senator where was the great
and violent opposition to the appropriation for
the relief of the sufferers in Maine to which he
referred, and where has there been any bane
for this appropriation by gentlemen upon this
side of the Chamber? Sir, I had thought that
a gentleman whose character was so molded
in the spirit of the principles of Christianity
would allow this occasion, at least, which is
devoted to the consideration of a charitable
purpose, to pass by without a political fling at
his opponents.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I asked a
question some time ago as to the evidence
upon which it was proposed to vote $1,000,000
out of the Treasury, and I was referred to the
letter of General Howard upon this subject.
Upon an examination of this letter I find that
he states that some thirty-two thousand six
hundred whites and twenty-four thousand two
hundred blacks will probably need relief be-
tween this -time and harvest; but he does not
say one word about starvation. He says they
will need relief, and the question asked by the
Senator from Michigan 'was a very pertinent
one, whether any cases of starvation had oc-
curred. If this destitution is so great some
cases most probably have occurred before
this time. But the letter of General Howard
does not, in my opinion, furnish sufficient evi-
dence upon which to vote away $1,000,000.
He does not state that there will be starvation;
but he says that this number of persons will
need relief. I take it that it is but a question
between poor living and fair living. I have
no doubt that many of these people will be
reduced to the necessity of living' upon a few
articles of food, and they of a coarse charac-
ter ; but that there is evidence sufficient to
warrant the voting $1,000,000 out of tho
Treasury for that purpose I am not satisfied.
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks]
says that money has been appropriated already
for the support of the freedmen and for refu-
gees. In the case of the freedmen, they were
just emancipated from slavery ; they were
without property, without homes, and without
the means of making a living. So that illus-
tration is not in point. In the case of the
refugees they had been driven from their homes
to distant States, deprived of all their prop-
erty, and had no means of making a living.
That case is not in point.
These people are not included in the former
bill; they are neither freedmen nor refugees ;
but they are in plain terms rebels. They have
so-called State governments to take care of
them, and they have county governments to
take care of them ; but still I would not hesi-
tate one moment on account of thsir being
rebels to vote this money if they were in
danger of starvation. They are still men and
women, and they have the common claims of
humanity upun us; but their case is essentially
different from that of the freedmen or that of
the refugees.
The argument of the Senator from Nevada
[Mr. Nye] and of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Wilsom] is good in favor of
making annual appropriations for the relief of
hunger and suffering all over this land. There
is not a large city in this Union in which there
is not hunger and suffering every winter, in
which I undertake to say there are not deaths
from starvation every winter; and the claim
of humanity is as strong upon us there as it is
in these southern States, and the arguments
offered would be as good in favor of making
appropriations for them as for the persons
designated in this resolution. Yet, sir, will it
be pretended that the Government of the Uni-
ted States can indulge in annual charities, and
that it can vote to put bread into the mouth
and clothes upon the naked back of the suffering
simply because they have claims of humanity
upon us? No, sir. Whatever may be our
feelings of humanity and kindness for these
