T33E - CQNGMSBK)^AL G-LQffE.
March 11,
southern country, that they have always drawn
very largely for provisions„from the more north -
ern States. In Georgia and the Carolinas they
never raised all the food they consumed.
"Under this state of the.ca,se, the committee,
after striking down the,appropriation $500,000,
reported the proposition,to the Senate, and I
trust we may have a.yote.upon it.
The joint resolutiqti was.reported to the Sen-
ate, and ordered to be, engrossed for a third
reading,. It wag read the third time, and
passed.'
HOUSE, BtLL ipHPBRKJSI!,
The Joint resolution (H. R. No. 2) to au-
thorize the. refunding of discriminating duties
exacted, upon merchandise imported in Ha-
waiian vessels, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
RILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtain^, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (,S. R, No. 17) for the relief of
Donahue, Ryan & Secor; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to he printed.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 18) for the sale of certain
stocks held in trust for the Choctaw and Chick-
asaw Indians; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. HARLAN, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce
a bill (S. No. 36) to authorize and provide for
the construction -of a national military and
freight railway, from the Mississippi river to
certain ports on the Atlantic, and for other
purposes; which was referred to the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 37)
to attach the Indian Territory to the State of
Kansas for judicial purposes; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire,
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 38) in relation
to the acknowledgment of deeds in the District
of Columbia; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
Mr? HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 30) to provide ways and means for the
prosecution of the work on the distributing
reservoir of the Washington aqueduct; which
was read twi.qe by its title, a.nd referred to the
Comipittee on, the District of Columbia.
MONARCHIES IN AMERICA..
Mr. CAMERON submitted the following
resolutions; which were considered by unani-
mous con&ent, agreed to, and ordered to be
printed:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations
be instructed to inquire and report upon the facts in
respect to the designs' of foreign Powers to impose
their systems of monarchical government and insti-
tutions upon the people of this continent, and what
aetion, if any, our" Government should take to avert
the inevitable consequences of the further prosecu-
tion of such designs, and to maintain for ourselves
and our posterity the fundamental principles and
objects of the original settlers of our country and the
traditional policy of tho fathers and founders of the
Republic.
Meso/ved, That the committee be authorized and
empowered to take such measures as they may judge
expedient and necessary to collect and submit the
tacts for the information of the Governmentand peo-
ple of the United States.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Several executive messages were received
from the President of the United States, by
Mr. W. G. Moore, his Secretary.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After some time spent in executive
session, the doors were opened, and the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE"
MONDAY, March 11, 1867..
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILSON. I present a petition signed
by eight hundred and thirty-seven citizens of.
Alexandria, headed by Williapa, H. Hodgkin,
The petition asks Congress to repeal the act
annexing a portion of the District of Columbia
to Virginia, and goes on to state- thaj, at the
recent election in Alexandria the law of Con-
gress was openly set aside and defied. It makes
a full statement in regard to that matter. I
move that this petition be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, as I believe they have
this subject in charge.
It was so referred.
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of
Charles W. Wheeler and one hundred and fifty-
eight others, Indiana soldiers, praying for the
further equalization" of bounties; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. HENDERSON presented, the memorial
of the grand and, pe.tit jurors of the United
States district court" for the eastern district of
Missouri, praying for. an increase of compen-
sation to. jurors in the courts of the United
States ; wliich was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented the
following communication:
To the honorable Senators of the United^ States m Conr
gress assembled:
Gentlemen: The undersigned, if agreeable to your
honorable body, would be pleased to address both
Rouses of Congress, the House of Representatives
concurring, on white Christian civilization in the
United States of America.
At first blush, this request may seem impertinent;
but pardon me, gentlemen, the times are impertinent:
much of the action of the hour is impertinent. And
it can vary little from the tenor of the rule' that ob-
tains to indulge the request of one of your peers, an
American citizen.
Should it please your honorable bodies to grant me
audience, if not incompatible with your public duties,
the 16th instant will favor my convenience.
It will also be desirable that the Sergeant-at-Arms
be instructed to admit only yourselves and your fam-
ilies, tho Executive, the heads of the different Depart-
ments and their families, embassadors from other
countries and their families, and such other white
persons as you may allow.
Yours, very respectfully,
P. K. SAWYER,
of Madison county. State of IlliitoU.
"Washington", D. C„ March 10,1867. 
The communication was ordered to lie on the
table.
EAPEItS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That M. N. Rado.vich have leave to with-
draw from the files of the Senate his memorial pray-
ing for payment for the charter of his boat Diana for
the conveyance of troops, and payment for the valu,e
of said boat, it having been lost in the Government
service.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of 0. E. Dreutzer be
withdrawn from the files of the Senate and referred
to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. CRAGIN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and accompanying
papers in the case of-AlbertGreenleaf be withdrawn
from the files of the Senate and referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask to be excused
from, serving on the Committee on Pensions,
on Revolutionary Claims, and Mines and Min-
ing.
The question being put, the honorable Sen-
ator was excused.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a motion to print
the petition of Captain Daniel Ellis, praying
for compensation for services rendered in re-
cruiting for the Union Army in East Tennes-
see during the rebellion, have directed me to
report it back, and recommend that it bs
printed without the accompanying documents.
The committee departed from the usual cus-
tom in this case at the suggestion of the Sen-
ators from Tennessee, and'ini' justice to a very
gallant and meritorious officer.- I ask for the
present consideration of the report. '
The report was agreed to. . :
FUKNISHW.g EXECUTIVE MANSION,
Mr. FESSENDEN. There was referred to
the Committee on Public- Buildings and
Grounds a letter from Mr. French, late Com-
missioner of Public Buildings, addressed to
the President of the Senate,' calling his atten-
tion to the fact that in the deficiency appropria-
tion bill there was an appropriation " to pay
for completing the repairs and furnishing the
Executive Mansion, $35,000," to which a pro-
viso was attached "that no further payments
shall be made on any accounts for repair-
ing or furnishing the Executive Mansion until
such accounts shall have been submitted to
a joint committee of Congress and approved
by suoh committee." He states that it is
important to have that done, because there are
many bills due, and the men are waiting for
their pay. There does not seem to be any
joint committee of Congress to which it would
be appropriate to refer this matter under this
provision; and the Committee on Public* Build-
ings therefore have instructed me to report a
resolution for the appointment of such a com-
mittee, which I send" to the Chair, and ask to
have it acted upon. I will state that' having'
made the report by the direction of the com-
mittee, the subject being: referred to us, I do
not wish it be considered that it follows that
the chairman of that committee, or any mem-
ber of it, is to be appointed on the joint com-
mittee to attend to this business.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution, and it was
agreed to, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That a joint committee be* ap-
pointed, consisting of one on the part of the Senate
and' two on the part of the House of Representa-
tives, to examine the claims and accounts for re-
pairs and furnishing the Executive Mansion, and to
allow and approve such as may be found justly due
to the several claimants.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the com-
mittee on the part of the Senate be appointed
by the Chair.
The motion was agreed to by unanimous
consent.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 40) granting lands, to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from St. Paul, Minnesota,
to the Missouri river; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No.. 41) authorizing the pdyment of the re-
wards offered byvthe President of the United
States and the officers of the War Department
in April and May, 1865, for the capture of
Jefferson Davis ;' which was read twice by its
title.
' Mr. HOWARD. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HOWE. I suggest to the Senator from
Michigan whether that bill would not properly
go to the Committee on Claims?
Mr. HOWARD. No.
Mr. HOWE. It is a private claim.
Mr. HOWARD. It is in the nature of a
private claim undoubtedly; but it is also in-
vested with other qualities. It is for .the pay-
ment of the rewards offered by the President
of the United States to the captors of Jefferson
Davis and others, by public proclamation made
in May, 18C5. I introduced a similar bill at
the former session of Congress, and it was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
I see no impropriety in its taking the same
reference now that it did then, and I trust ther.e
will be no objection to it. I think the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs will be able to attend
to the matter properly.
Mr. HOWE. I have no doubt of the ability
