50
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
March 11,
be well for the Senator from Oregon to with-
draw his motion to commit until the Senator
from Massachusetts can have an opportunity
to explain and expound his resolutions, so that
when they finally go to the committee they can
go with his commentaries.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He can explain them
on that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to commit is debatable.
Mr. SUMNER. As I understand the Sen-
ator from Oregon, he has not made as yet any
criticism on the resolution; but nevertheless
he objects to our ^proceeding with them now;
he desires a reference ; he desires the aid of a
committee before he proceeds with their con-
sideration. Now, if I can have the attention
of the Senator it seems to me that will be as
good as a committee. The resolutions are on
the table, they are plain; they are unequivo-
cal ; they are perfectly intelligible; and then,
still further, they make a declaration of prin-
ciple and of purpose which at this moment is
of peculiar importance.
Congress has undertaken to provide for the
military government of the rebel States, and it
has made certain requirements with regard to
reconstruction, and there it stops. It has pre-
sented no complete system, and it has provided
no machinery for reconstruction. The conse-
quence is that all our friends at the South at
this moment are in the greatest possible anx-
iety. They are suffering. Still farther, old
rebels, or persons who represent the rebellion,
are moving under our bill to take a leading
part in reconstruction. Already the Legisla-
ture of Virginia, packed by rebels, full of the
old rebel virus, has undertaken to call a -.con-
vention under our recent act. Let that con-
vention be called, and what is the condition of
those friends to whom you owe protection?
Unless I am misinformed by valued correspond-
ents in different parts of Virginia their posi-
tion will be very painful. I have this morning
a letter from Mr. Botts—I mention his name
because he is well known to all of us, and I
presume he would have no objection to being
quoted on this floor—in which he entreats us
to go forward and provide some protection to
him and others against the efforts now com-
menced by rebels or persons under rebel influ-
ence.
I am anxious for practical legislation to that
end; but in order to pave the way for such
legislation I am anxious that Congress should
go forward at the earliest possible moment and
make a declaration in general terms of its
purposes. The Senator from Oregon sa,ys these
resolutions do not propose practical legislation.
I beg the Senator's pardonthey do not pro-
pose what we call legislation, but they do
announce to these rebel States what we pro-
pose to do; they foreshadow the future: they
give them notice; they tell the rebels that
they are not to take part in this work of recon-
struction; and they tell our friends and the
friends of the Union that we mean to be wake-
ful with regard to their interests. That will
be the effect of them. I say they are in the
nature of a declara-tion. At the beginning of
our war a declaration was made, which has
been so often quoted in both Ilouses, with
regard to the purposes of the war. Very often
before that declarations of policy were made
in one House or the other, and sometimes by
concurrent resolutions of the two Chambers.
If the occasion requires, the declaration ought
to be made. In common times and under
ordinary circumstances there would be no occa-
sion for such a declaration ; but now, at this
moment, I insist that there is peculiar occasion
for the declaration : you must give the notice ;
and the failure of your bill to meet the times
throws this responsibility upon you.
The next question, then, is as to the character
of the notice. It begins in its title by declaring
that certain further guarantees are required in
the reconstruction of the rebel States. Can
any Senator doubt that certain further guar-
antees are required in the reconstruction of
the rebel States ? I submit that on that head
there can be no question, f"am persuaded
that my excellent friend from Oregon will not
question that general statement. The resolu-
tions proceed to declare—I read the first one :
1. That Congress, in declaring by positive legisla-
tion that ifc possesses paramount authority over tho
rebel States, and in prescribing that no person therein
shall be excluded from the elective franchise by rea-
son of race, color, or previous condition, has begun
the work of reconstruction, and has set an example
to itself.
That is a plain proposition. Who can doubt
it? Both of the principles embodied in that
resolution are embodied in the recent recon-
struction act, or the act, as it is entitled, for
the military government of the rebel States.
By that act Congress does declare its para-
mount jurisdiction over the whole rebel coun-
try, and it has also prescribed universal suf-
frage, without distinction of race or color, to be
inserted in all the constitutions of these States.
In doing that I say Congress has asserted a
jurisdiction and given an illustration of its
power which places beyond all question any
further attempt in the same direction. After
having asserted.its jurisdiction and given the
example of it which you have, you canAt hesi-
tate to go further according to the necessities
of the case. If it appear that there are other
things which remain to be done, there can be
no longer any question of your jurisdiction or
your power. Having jurisdiction and power,
then, I insist you should go forward and exer-
cise them. It is in this spirit that the second
resolution is drawn, as follows:
That there are other things remaining to be done
which are as clearly -within the power of Congress as
the elective franchise, and it is the duty of Congress
to see that these things are not left undone.
Clearly that is a truism. Then comes the
next resolution, which embodies points requir-
ing now the action of Congress:
3. Resolved, That among the things remaining to
be done are the five following:
First. The existing governments, which have been
declared to be illegal, must be vacated, so that they
can have no agency in the work of reconstruction,
and will cease to exercise a pernicious influence.
That is a plain statement. Can there be any
doubt about it? You have declared these gov-
ernments illegal. How, then, can you allow
their continued existence? So long as they
exist they are an effrontery; they exist practi-
cally in defiance of Congress. You say that
they are illegal. Carry out your declaration;
do not stop with a mere assertion ; but make
thein so. You cannot make them so unless
you actually vacate those governments; and I
ask, sir, is it not a practical inconsistency for
us to allow those governments still to exercise
illegal power when all the information we have
shows that they exercise it to the public evil
and to the oppression of loyal Unionists, white
and black ? Therefore I say let the illegal gov-
ernments be vacated, and let Congress make
haste to declare its purpose so to do.
Secondly. Provisional governments must bo con-
stituted as temporary substitutes for the illegal gov-
ernments, with special authority to superintend the
transition to permanent governments, republican in
form.
That point explains itself. There must be
during this transition period provisional gov-
ernments properly constituted that can super-
intend this work of reconstruction. Without
it your work will fall into evil hands; it may
perhaps fail. Then comes the third require-
ment:
Thirdly. As loyalty, beyond suspicion, must be the
basis of permanent governments, republican in form,
every possible precaution must be adopted against
rebel agency or influence in tho formation of these
governments.
There again is the assertion of a plain prin-
ciple with regard to which it seems to me
there can be no question. Next:
Fourthly. As the education of the people is essen-
tial to the national welfare, and especially to the
development of those principles ot justice and moral-
ity which constitute the foundation of republican
government, and as, according to the census, an im-
mense proportion of the people in the rebel States,
without distinction of color, cannot read and write,
therefore public schools must be established for the
equal good of all.
There, again, is a plain statement of an
urgent duty. It will not be enough for you
to give universal suffrage; you must give the
essential complement to universal suffrage,
universal education also; and the same power
which ordained the first must, if need be,
ordain the other. You have just the same
power over one that you have over the other.
If you can give the suffrage you can also give
education; and under the circumstances one
is hardly less important than the other. I
have lying on my table at this moment a letter
which has come this morning from an eminent
citizen of Virginia, well known to most of us
personally, in which he pleads in this direc-
tion. It is dated Alexandria, March 9. He
"Shall the southern States still be controlled by
the men and the policy that have already brought
ruin and disgrace, poverty and starvation, upon
them: or shall they adopt the policy of tho enlight-
ened States of the North and of the nineteenth cen-
tury? .Shall land monopoly and class legislation,
with tho necessarily attending ignoranco and degra-
dation of the masses, still prevail; or shall we take
a new departure from the old course, and secure uni-
versal education and free schools, with their inevi-
table accompaniments of enterprise, equality, wealth,
temperance, morality, religion, public, private, and
domestic happiness?"
I will not read further from this excellent
letter, which I hold in my hand. Suffice it to
say, it is all in this spirit. Can there be any
doubt, sir, as to your duty in the premises?
I gay you have given the suffrage; you must
give education also, or at least you must so
legislate as to make it certain that education
will be established there; you must provide
for free schools open to all without any dis-
tinction of caste.
Then comes the next point of the resolutions:
Fifthly. 1ST ot less important than education is the
homestead, which must be secured to the freedmen,
so that at loast every head of a family may have a
piece of land.
I believe that all who are now familiar with
the processes of reconstruction have felt that
our work would be incomplete unless in some
way or other we secured to the freedmen a
piece of land. It is only within a few days
that gentlemen fresh from, traveling through
these States have assured me that nothing
pressed upon their minds more, as they saw
the condition of things there, than the neces-
sity of such a provision. I believe that the
more you reflect upon it, and the more you
listen to evidence^pn the subject, the stronger
will be your conclusion on that head.
Do you ask me as to the power of Congress ?
Again I say you find it precisely where you
found the power to confer universal suffrage.
To give a homestead to all these freedmen will
be no more than to give them the vote. You
have done the one, and now you must do
the other. We are told that to him that hath
shall be given, and as you have already given
the ballot, that is in possession, you must go
further and give, not only education, but the
homestead. Nor must you hesitate for want
of power. The time for hesitation has passed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask
my friend a question, with his permission.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator put the
granting of the ballot on the ground that with-
out ifc the Government would not be republican
in form, as I understood his argument.
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, that was it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, I should like to
know if he puts the possession by every man
of a piece of land on the same ground?
Mr. SUMNER. No, I do not. I am much
obliged to my friend for interposing that in-
quiry, for in this discussion I have no disguises.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator assimilated
the two, and said that having done the one we
must do the other. I supposed, perhaps, the
same process of reasoning applied to both.
Mr. SUMNER. No, it was upon this pro*
cess of reasoning which I think will be evident
to my friend's mind : the necessity of the case,
to give the land in order to complete the work
of the ballot.
Mr. GRIMES. Have we not done that
under the homestead law?
Mr. SUMNER. The freedmen, I know, are
