1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
not excluded from the benefits of the homestead
law ; but my argument iS that we must do some-
thing to provide them with a piece of land where
they are, where they are residing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is more than we
do for white men.
Mr. SUMNER. White men have never been
in slavery; there is no emancipation and no
enfranchisement of white men to be consum-
mated. I put it to my friend now, I ask his
best judgment, can he see a way to consum-
mate this great and glorious work of emanci-
pation and of enfranchisement without securing
land? My friend before me [Mr. Grimes]
asks how are we going to get the land there ?
There are several ways. I say nothing about
confiscation. Clearly by a process of confisca-
tion we should have had ample; and I have no
doubt that the country would have been better
had the great landed estates at the South been
divided and sub-divided among the loyal colored
population. I find that that is the judgment of
many Unionists at the South. I say nothing
on that point; but clearly, there are lands
through the South that belong to the United
States, or that have fallen into the United
States through the failure to pay taxes. Then,
again, there is another way, which I regret to
say, was not adopted, in which would be re-
quired the agency of the President of the Uni-
ted States. It has always seemed to me that
in the exercise of the pardoning power it would
have been very easy for the President to have
required before the issue of a pardon that the
person who was to receive it should allot a
co-tain portion of his lands to his freedmen.
r> aat might have been annexed as a condition
to the pardon. A President properly inspired
and disposed to organize a true system of
reconstruction, it seems to me, could not have
hesitated in such a requirement. That would
have been a very simple process. I am aware
that Congress cannot affect the pardoning
power; but still I doubt not there is something
that can be done by Congress. Where Con-
gress has done so much, I am unwilling to say
that it cannot do all that the emergency re-
quires. Let us not shrink from the difficulties.
1 admit, for instance, with regard to the home-
stead, that there may be difficulties, but not on
that account should we hesitate. We must
give peace and security to these people; and
to that end let us consider candidly, gently,
carefully what their bases are, and then fear-
lessly provide for them.
There is still another which I have not
named in these resolutions, though I have em-
ployed it in the careful and somewhat ex-
tended reconstruction bill which I have laid
on the table of the Senate, and which some
time I may tr-y to call up for discussion, and
that is the substitution of the vote by ballot
for the vote viva voce. Letters from Virginia
and also from other parts of the South all
plead for this change. They say that so long
as the vote viva voce, continues it will he diffi-
cult for the true Union men to organize ; they
will be under check and control from the
rebels. I have a letter received only this
morning from a Unionist, from which 1 will
read a brief passage. He calls attention to the
bill that has recently passed one of the branches
of the Legislature of Virginia calling a consti-
tutional convention under our recent congres-
sional enactment, and he then goes on as fol-
lows :
"Under the above act all the loyal men are en-
tirely under the control of the most malignantof the
late rebel leaders. They being in power, we have no
say in the matter at all except to go and east our
votes in the manner they select, which is to go and
vote in the old manner, viva voce. So they can con-
trol the votes the same as ever, and if allowed to go
on in that way they will control three fourths of the
colored and poor white vote of the State, when, if
we had the secret ballot as you have in Massachu-
setts, more than one half of the poor whites, those
even of tho rebel soldiers, would be cast m favor of
the Radical Republican candidates and against their
old leaders. I saw a young man, a native of Orange
county, near Gordonsville, last night. He says that
three fourths of the rebel soldiers would vote with us
if they could do it without their neighbors knowing
how they voted, especially if they could be assured
of a free-school system upon the success ot the Re-
publican party. They have tried for a long time to
bring the common-school system into Virginia, but
have always been betrayed by the men they have
trusted, and now they are ready to abandon them
and votefor others if they can do so with safety. I
do hope that the reconstruction act will be amended
so as to insure us the secret ballot, which is our sheet-
anchor of hope for the future."
I am asked who writes the letter. It is writ-
ten by Jonathan Roberts, " late sheriff of
Fairfax county, Virginia, when Union men
were at the helm." The Senator from Michi-
gan [Mr. Howard] says he knows him." I
believe he is a good Union man, and I am sure
that he writes in a way that a good Union man
might be proud to write.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Massachusetts allow me to interrupt him a mo-
ment? I should like to inquire if he is aware
that his colleague introduced into this body
last week a bill providing for all these pur-
poses, which was referred to a committee, and
is under the consideration of the committee.
Mr. SUMNER. I am.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is such_ a bill
printed and laid on the tables, providing for
a system of registration and for voting by bal-
lot. That bill was laid on our tables last
week in print.
Mr. SUMNER. I take it the Senator has
just come into his seat now. I had not the
advantage of seeing him in his seat when I
began my remarks. I think if he had listened
to my remarks his inquiry would have been
unnecessary. I know very well the character
of the measure my colleague has introduced ;
but at the same time I introduced the resolu-
tions which are under consideration; I also
introduced two or three; other measures tend-
ing in the^same direction, and I have now in
the absence of my excellent friend from Illi-
nois, undertaken to call up for consideration
one of those, and it was in the discussion upon
the measure that I have called up that I made
the remarks which have drawn forth the criti-
cism of the Senator. I believe that much in
these resolutions will be found in the bill of
my colleague, but not all, and the two may
very well go together. I stated at the outset
that these resolutions were in the nature of a
notification or a declaration to the country, and
especially to the rebel States with regard to
the purposes of Congress, and I was proceed-
ing to review them in order to explain their
character. I have read all of them except the
last, which is as follows:
4. Resolved. That all these requirements are in the
nature of guarantees to be exacted by Congress,
without which the United States will not obtain that
security for the future which is essential to a just
reconstruction.
Now, does my excellent friend from Oregon,
who wishes to bury this proposition in a com-
mittee, doubt that concluding resolution ? Can
he hesitate to say that every one of these re-
quirements is in the nature of a guarantee, with-
out which we shall not obtain that complete
security for the fature which our country has
a right to expect There they are: that the
illegal governments must be vacated. Who
can doubt that? That provisional'govern-
ments must be constituted as temporary sub-
stitutes for the illegal governments. Who can
doubt that? That the new governments must
be founded on an unalterable basis of loyalty,
and to that end no rebels must be allowed_ to
exert any influence or agency in the formation
of the new governments. Who can doubt
that? Then again, education: who can doubt,
certainly not my honorable friend from Or-
egon; he will not doubt the importance of
education at this moment as a corner-stone
of reconstruction. We have the power._ It is
a golden moment. Let us not fail to exercise
it. Exercising it now, you can shape the
destinies of that people for the future. Then,
again, there is the homestead. I see the prac-
tical difficulties under that head; but I do not
despair. Let us apply ourselves to them, and
I do not doubt that we can secure substantially
to every head of a family among the freedmen
a piece of land, and we may then go further,
and in the way of machinery, we can provide
a vote by ballot instead of a vote viva voce.
Now, I insist that all these are in the nature
of guarantees of future peace, and you ought
not to hesitate in doing all within your power
to secure them. I hope, therefore, that Sena-
tors will act on these resolutions without any
reference to a committee. I see no occasion
for a reference. Thereis one'objection, atleast,
on the_ face ; it will cause delay. Let these
resolutions be adopted and go to the whole coun-
try, and my word for it you will find that the
gratitude of the people of the United States
and of all Union men of the South will come
up to Congress for your act.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, it i3 only a
few days, scarcely a week, since there was
before this body what was called a measure of
pacification, a measure of reconstruction. It
was adopted. I did not, I confess, consider
it a measure of pacification or a measure of
reconstruction. If I were now to characterize
it in the language which would express my
feelings in regard to it I should scarcely be
considered respectful to this body, that meas-
ure having now become a law. But, sir, it was
supposed by some, and in a certain degree by
me, that it was a final measure. It purported
to be final; it claimed on its face to be a
finality. It provided certain terms, harsh and
severe in the extreme, as I thought, upon which
the States formerly in rebellion should be re-
stored to the Union. There were some who
favored the measure because they feajed some-
thing worse, and they thought it was better to
take that than to wait until some more severe,
some harsher measure should be proposed.
Now, sir, I do not regret myself that the
Senator from Massachusetts has proposed these
resolutions. They come, in my judgment,
from the right quarter. Whatever may be my
opinion of his political views, 1 will say for that
Senator that for the last two years he has been
jprophetie; what he has announced, what he
"nas declared, what he has said must be law,
has become law upon many subjects. I say,
therefore, these resolutions come from the right
quarter; for I think it proper, I think it im-
portant, highly important, not only that the
people of the South, but the people of the North
should know what is coming. The people of
the South are now inquiring, questiqning what
they shall do. I know it very well, for I hav®
letters on my own table upon the subject.
They are anxiously inquiring what course they
ought now to pursue with regard to the present
legislation of Congress ; whether they ought to
acquiesce, whether they ought to treat the
measure to which I have alluded as a finality.
Under these circumstances', under this state
of things, with such a law just enacted and
declared to the country to be a final measure,
what does the Senator from Massachusetts
propose ? I think it highly important that the
people of this country should take note of thi?
proposition. It is not only before the Senate,
it is before the people. Let us know what is
coming; let us seethe worst. What I have tQ
say at the present time will-be confined mostly
to the fifth proposition which the Senator has
set forth in his third resolution. He has five
propositions under the third resolution of the
things remaining to be done. They are thus-
stated: First, the existing governments must
be vacated and declared illegal, 'though tho act
of Congress which has already passed declares
them legal, provides that they shall be con-
tinued in force as provisional governments, and,
if I am not mistaken, authorizes the calling of
conventions by them, and proceeding to recon-
struct the government of those States under
that law. Secondly, provisional governments
must be constituted as temporary substitutes.
The third requirement is stated in these words-:
As loyalty, beyond suspicion, must be the basis of
permanent governments, republican in form, every
possible precaution must be adopted against rebel
agency or influence in the formation of these govern-
ments.
I understand the Senator to say that by that
he meant distinctly that the right of suffrage
shall betaken from rebels in these governments;
and by " rebels" we know that he means every
man who ever, in any manner whatever during
