m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
the four years of war, took any part in the con-
troversy, thus excluding the whole white pop-
ulation from the right of suffrage, and confin-
ing it entirely, with very few exceptions, al-
most nominal exceptions, to the negro race.
The fourth condition is the education of the
people; and the fifth is in these words :
Fifthly. Not less important than education is the
homestead, which must he secured to the freedmen,
so that at least every head of a family may have a
piece of land".' "
It is to that position that I desire particu-
larly to call the attention of the Senate, and so
far as I can do it of the country. What does
that mean? What meaning is hidden—no, I
will not say hidden—but what is meant by that
form of language ? It means universal confis-
cation in the former rebel States. That is to
he the sequel and that the necessary comple-
ment, as the Senator himself says, to the ac-
tion we have already taken. I have not risen
for the purpose of contending against the idea
of confiscation at this time. I desire merely
to call attention to the fact that that is the
entertainment to which we are to be invited.
It seemed, I admit, to shock somewhat the
Senator from Maine and some other Senators
about me; and while I was very glad to find,
if I understood them correctly, that they did
not coincide with the views of the Senator
from Massachusetts, I could not forget that
two years ago I heard a Senator on this floor
say that*upon another subject there was not a
single Senator here who agreed with the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, and yet upon that
very subject I believe every Senator on the
majority side of the Senate now, if not at heart
concurring with him, acts and votes with him;
and I see that the time is coming when that
will be the case on the question of confisca-
tion ; at least I fear it. I look with horror
and regret unutterable upon this idea of con-
fiscating the property of the people of the
southern States, reducing them to starvation
and poverty upon any pretext.
How are you to give the colored people of
the South their homesteads ? Is there public
land there with which you can invest them with
that property? Can you vest in them the title
to your own public lands ? No sir. You must
go through the form of confiscation ; you must
§trip the white people of that country of the
property they now hold, and vest it in thepos-
session of a race for whom I trust I feel as
much compassion and as much pity as the
Senator from Massachusetts ; but I have not
lost every feeling of compassion and pity for
the white people of the South.
Now, sir, not to dwell on th'is matter, I desire
to say that in my judgment it is high time that
the people of this country should look upon
this question. This is a question which, is to
be presented to them. It is to-day presented
to them. Let them say what is their view
I believe the time has come, or is very soon
coming, when it will be necessary to take
an appeal to the people of the United States
upon the questions before the country. Let
them settle them, and let them understand
what the questions are; and therefore it is
that I rejoice most heartily that the Senator
from Massachusetts with his usual frankness
has stated what are his views. Let them go
to the country, and let the country decide.
Mr. SHERMAN. I regret, Mr. President,
that the Senator from Massachusetts has
thought it to be his duty to press at this ses-
sion the consideration of the resolutions he
offered the other day. By a solemn act of
Congress, passed by three fourths of both
Houses, we have said to the people of the
rebel States that if they comply with certain
terms and conditions they shall be restored to
representation in Congress. That offer is still
depending. It has been made to them by the
American people through their representatives
in Congress. We cannot with propriety add to
the stipulations of that offer or take from them.
We are bound by that proposition, reasonably
pound, not, perhaps, in law, because we may
vary the proposition till accepted; but we have
made them a proposition, and we are bound
to give a reasonable time for acceptance, and
then to execute it in good faith. We have said
that if they form governments republican in
form, founded upon the will of the whole peo-
ple, securing to all the male citizens of those
States the right to participate in the elective
franchise and equal rights before the law, they
shall be restored to representation. That is
our offer. If any legislation is needed to per-
fect that offer I shall vote for it with groat
cheerfulness. If further details are required
to prescribe the form of election, the mode of
voting, the registry of voters, who shall call it,
when it shall be held, to prescribe the qualifi-
cations of the members of the convention, such
legislation in aid of our offer would be perfectly
proper. If it is necessary, in order to protect the
new voters in their right to vote, to secure them
the ballot, it would be perfectly competent and
proper for us to so declare. We have the right
to prescribe the mode and manner and form
and terms by which the sense of the people of
the southern States shall be ascertained. There
can be no objection to such legislation either at
this session or at any future time; but it seems
to me it is not exactly fair or just or ingenuous
to the southern people to add new terms or re-
quire of them additional guarantees as condi-
tions to the admission of representation. These
resolutions do require additional terms and
guarantees not contained in the proposition
submitted by Congress. I hope that those who
cqrdially and heartily voted for that proposi-
tion will not now destroy it by passing resolu-
tions of this kind.
Indeed, such resolu±ions tend to distract the
mind of thepeople of the southern States. We
all know that they are now considering whether
they will accept the offer made by theCongress
of the United States. Every Senator probably
has received letters and telegrams from lead-
ing men in the southern States making inquiry
on this subject. I have received many of them.
I received one yesterday from Governor Patton,
of Alabama, in which he states that he hopes
and believes the people of Alabama will in
good faith reform their State government under
our reconstruction bill, and he makes inquiry
as to the best mode of proceeding. I answered
this morning that I had no doubt the proper
mode would be by a direct apjpeal to all the
people authorized to take part in the work and
that probably Congress would point out spe-
cifically the mode and manner of taking their
judgment. That was my individual opinion as
to the proper course. We have made them
this offer. We are bound to carry it out in
good faith. We may prescribe the machinery
or not, as we please. If it is deemed best to
say that the voting at these elections shall be
by ballot, well and good; no one can object.
If it is said that the convention should emanate
directly^from the people, and not through the
agency of the local Legislature, well and good.
I think the best mode would be to leave details
to the Legislature; but if it is the sense and
judgment of Congress that the best mode of
ascertaining the will of the southern people
is by commencing with popular conventions,
county and state, you can so prescribe. That
does not change the terms of your offer; but
when it is proposed to add new conditions, new
stipulations, onerous burdens, we then do not
act with them in a proper and ingenuous way.
They are now plowing through a difficult
field, They have the prejudices of ages to
overcome. They must march to the ballot-
box by the side of their former slaves. Many
of them are impoverished. They are wounded
in their feelings, wounded in their pride. Now,
sir, we ought not to make this reconstruction
more_ difficult. I believe the public interests
of this great nation demand that those States
should be restored to representation, and I
believe that the terms of reconstruction pro-
posed by Congress arc satisfactory to the peo-
ple of this country. So far as we can gather
from the newspapers and from all the evidences
of public opinion, our constituents are satisfied
with the offer we have made. Whateverlegis-
lation is necessary to carry it out, let us pass ;
but do not add to the burdens already imposed.'
These resolutions contemplate confiscation.
The Senator cannot avoid the inference. The
fifth proposition of the third resolution con-
templates the purchase of lands, or else con-
fiscation of land. Is the Treasury now pre-
pared to purchase homesteads for all the
negroes of the southern States? If so, you
must purchase them for all the poor whites
al'so. Perhaps millions of white people in the
southern States have no homesteads. Would
you purchase them for the negroes and not for
the whites? Where is the money to come
from to make the purchase? If yon do not
propose to purchase, do yon propose to con-
fiscate the lands of the southern people? Is
that the proposition of the Senator? If so, it
is a fearful one. It would still more disor-
ganize and revolutionize society in the south-
ern States. It would uproot the titles to all
the property in those States, and spread anar-
chy, discord, and civil war where God knows
they have run riot long enough.
The fourth proposition is that schools ought
to be established. As a mere theoretical prop-
osition that is right enough; schools ought to
be established for the education of all, white
and black. A memorial which I presented the
other day shows that religious and good people
all over the South are now contemplating the
organization of schools and academies on the
New England basis, and they are asking our
aid to some extent to help them in that move-
ment. They know very well that they will be
compelled by their local and State laws to edu-
cate whites and blacks. But is it now, proposed
by the Senators from Massachusetts that the
United States as a Government should step in
and aid them in educating their children, white
or black? Has that ever been done in this
country? Is it proposed to ingraft upon the
already numerous duties of the national Gov-
ernment the duty of educating the p'eople of
all the United States? That has never been
attempted before as one of the functions of
this Government. But the Senator proposes
as a condition or guarantee of reconstruction
that public schools shall be established for the
equal good of all. Where is the fund? Will
the United States supply the fund? Have
these States any public lands? Have they any
resources or means or money with which now
to establish a school-fund in their different
States? ' If not, must the United States Gov-
ernment do it? All these are questions which
are raised by the fourth proposition of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts.
The third proposition I do not think could
have been written by him, because he generally
goes, directly to, his propositions. The thiril
requirement which he makes is:
As loyalty, beyond suspicion, must be the basis
of permanent governments, republican in form,
every possiblo precaution must be adopted against
rebel agency or influence in the formation of these
governments.
And yet by the bill we have passed we have
stipulated that all the rebels of the southern
States shall vote except a few. We have
declared that those who would be disfran-
chised from holding office under the constitu-
tional amendment shall not vote, but we have
said that all the rest shall vote. Do you pro-
pose now to recede from that proposition?
'The Senator says in this resolution that 110
rebel influence should enter into or form a
pari in this reconstruction. If so, you wish to
back out of the proposition that all the south-
ern men may vote, except those disfranchised
specially by the constitutional amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to interrupt the
Senator. I understand, for instance, that the
Legislature of Virginia at this moment con-
tains a large number of recent rebels, and yet
that Legislature has undertaken to commence
the work of reconstruction. Whatever is done
under such influence I shall be afraid of, and I
think the Senator from Ohio will be or ought
to be.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am not afraid of and I
do not object to all whom we authorize to vote
