1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
taking part in this organization. Indeed, I
would like to see every man, white and black,
in the southern States committed to this recon-
struction. If, however, rebels should attempt
by the exercise of any improper- power, or by
the undue exercise of their old influence, or
by any device, such as requiring viva voce
voting, in order to exclude people from the
polls, by fear or prejudice, have we not the
power to check them ? Must not all these pro-
ceedings pass under our supervision? Have
we any fear of the Fortieth Congress? All
those proceedings must come to us.
We have submitted to'them in good faith an
offer that if they will found their governments
on the consent of the governed, all the people,
white and black, upon a fair and honest basis,
and frame such a constitution as we may ap-
prove, we will let them in. And we provide, in
order to prevent all difficulty about it, that
their proceedings shall be submitted to us. If
we find that the proceedings have been unfair,
have been organized by rebels with a view to
exclude loyal people, we have full power over
them. Can you not judge of them? Can you
not set them aside if necessary, and start the
work anew? But when the Senator proposes
that all the disloyal shall be excluded from
participation in the formation of these govern-
ments, he adds new terms and conditions which
were not imposed by Congress and which were
plainly rejected by us.
_ Mr. President, my wish in this matter is
simply to stand by the proposition we have
made to these people, and give them all the
aids and facilitie.s we can to reach the assent of
the people, all who are invited to participate in
the organization. Pass such laws" in aid of
your previous enactment as you see proper.
Prescribe, if you please, the form of voting by
ballot, the mode of orgapizing the convention,
and all the machinery that is required. .Either
leave it to the people to form them in their
own way and manner, or prescribe yourself;
but let ns not add one jot or one tittle to the
stipulations contained in the offer we have
made. Let us stand by it. If they, then, with
the folly and madness that hate ruled them
heretofore reject it, it will be time enough to
offer new conditions. One year ago we offered
them the constitutional amendment. They
repelled it with scorn; they threw it back into
our faces. They have lived long enough to
regret, bitterly regret, that refusal. They now
feel that tlie men who passed the reconstruction
law are masters of the situation, that there is
no power to defy their authority or overrule
their dictation, whatever it may be. They feel
now that they must assent to the conditions
imposed upon them by Congress. They are
now coming up to that work. I believe they
will organize in all these southern States in
pursuance of that law; that they will base their
governments upon the assent of the people,
black and w"hite; that they will do it in good
faith. We have made them the offer; let them
have a fair trial. If they should by fraud, or
by the old fear by which they have kept a whole
race in bondage, prevent them from sharing in
that political power which we have given to
them, we can hereafter protect the black peo-
ple and the white people of the southern States.
In the mean time we are bound, it seems to
me, by_ every consideration of prudence, by
every dictate of statesmanship, by every senti-
ment of honor, not to change the terms of our
offer in any material respect until they have
either accepted it or rejected it.
That is the view I take of the matter, and
with that view I shall vote against all proposi-
tions to change materially the offer we have
made, or to touch it in anyway, except so far as
to provide the machinery necessary to enable
them without dispute to pass upon the offer we
have given them. I have glanced over the bill
introduced by the Senator's colleague, and I
believe that with but slight modifications it
would be a wise measure. It is just such a
measure as many of the southern people want.
They want to know exactly what we desire.
They want us to prescribe the machinery by
which they shall act, and that bill does it, I
think,-without adding to them any further bur-
dens. After it has passed the inspection of
the Judiciary Committee, I have no doubt I
shall give it my hearty support as an aid to
the law we recantly passed.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise principally, Mr.
President, to remark upon a,proposition made
by the honorable member from Connecticut,
which I am apprehensive, unless it be cor-
rected, is calculated to do mischief to a section
of the country which I am sure he .desires to
serve. I understood the honorable member
to say that from the experience of the past he
was satisfied that the Senate of the United
States and the other branch of Congress would
sooner or later adopt this measure, because it
was proposed by the honorable member from
Massachusetts, they having, according to his
view, heretofore followed sooner or later in the
track which he pointed out for them. I have
no idea that that will be found true in this
instance. I will not stop to inquire if it has
been true in the past. 1 have confidence in
the Senate of the United States, absolute con-
fidence (and it was upon that confidence that
I gave the vote which I did upon the bill which
has now become alaw) that they would adhere
to their plighted faith, that they would not only
set an example to themselves, but an example
to all that the pledged faith of a nation was to
be _ observed. I thought I saw in opinions
which I believed were entertained by the hon-
orable member from Massachusetts, and a few
others who concur with him, that if the meas-
ure then before the Senate was not adopted,
harsher, much harsher measures would in the
end be exacted of'the South; and I believed
that the South would accept the measure that
has been before this body. That belief is
strengthened by a correspondence of consid-
erable extent with many of the leading men
of that section. I have before me now upon
my table letters from some of them in North
Carolina, and all that they wish to know is
whether in my judgment what Congress has
offered will, if accepted by the South, end the
controversy. I have assured them that it would,
in speech and by letter,- and I trust I shall not
be placed in the situation of proving in fact
false to my own opinion ; above all, that I shall
not be placed in that situation by the Senate
of the United States or by Congress, upon
whose pledged word I acted.
I suppose that there is not within the sound
of my voice upon this floor any member, and
that there are not to be found on the other
floor many, who do not desire to see the South
restored. I suppose the honorable member
from Massachusetts is not an exception. I
have heard him more than once announce to
us that he shared in the solicitude that the
South should be restored. And yet after he,
as I suppose, concurred in the measure which
the Senate adopted—for it came to us in such
a way that I imagine it received the sanction
of the gentlemen of the Senate with whom I do
not act politically—and when above all he did
not vote against it, I supposed he was willing
that the question of restoration or not should
be placed upon the acceptance or the rejection
of that measure; and now, before the South
have had an opportunity to express any opin-
ion upon the subject officially, although every
member of the Senate, I suppose, has received
letters, stating their desire to accept it if it is
to be a final settlement of the question, the
honorable member proposes resolutions, one
of which looks to a result which T feared might
be the consequence of the rejection of it—con-
fiscation. _
Mr. President, whatever feelings we may
have entertained toward the southern citizens,
is it not enough to satisfy us all that they have
been punished, punished in the position in
which they have brought themselves? It may
be a visitation of Providence upon them.
Providence may have thought proper to render
them for tha moment insane; and Providence
has punished them so as effectually to cure
them of that insanity; and they are now anx-
ious to be again in pur midst, sharing in out
prosperity, participating in our power, taking a
part in the administration of fliiis Government.
Does the honorable member from Massachu-
setts suppose that the loyal mpn, as he terms
them, of the South and th6 FreeOm'en will nbt
be safe under the provisions' of the-bill wrhicK
we have already passed, with the military in
supreme power, and with a provisidn thdt fiio
constitution which they shall a'dopt. shall he-
come operative unless it receives the subse-
quent sanction of Congress? Does he suppose
these two safeguards against usurpation an3
tyranny, if usurpation and tyranny *pon the
part of the South toward the class to -w-hich he
has adverted are to be anticipated, would not
be effectual to prevent them ? But look at the
other result. If the honorable member's terms
are to be adopted, the South will come back
by the vote of the blacks just emancipated,
and the vote of some triree or four thousand
men calling themselves loyal men, many of
whom in the beginning were secessionists, and
the intelligence, the virtue, the refinement of
the South is to be neglected. It is to be con-
verted into a San Domingo, and just as sure as
that God is above us, if it comes to that, armies
will not be" able to prevent the horrors conse-
quent upon that condition.
I implore the Senate, therefore, to adhere
in good faith to the measure which they have
adopted. I regret (although I thought other-
wise at the time) that the South did not accept
the constitutional amendment. I regret many-
things that they have done, but offer them this
mode of rescuing themselves from the deso-
lation in which they are placed; and I believe,
as I believe in my^ existence, that they will
accept it, and that in a year or two all will be
as it was before the rebellion commenced.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Pour points of
these resolutions are entirely met by the bill
submitted by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Wilson,] and which has been before the
Committee on the Judiciary. That provides
for voting by ballot. The first proposition in
these resolutions is that " the existing govern-
ments, which have been declared to be illegal,
must be vacated, so that they can have no
agency in the work of reconstruction."
The bill to which I have referred provides
that they shall have no agency in the work of
reconstruction. It provides that the com-
mander of the district shall have a registration
made, and shall manage the whole subject of
reconstruction; so that the difficulty which the
honorable Senator apprehends from the Legis-
lature of Virginia is entirely removed.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to ask my friend
if that bill has yet become a law ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That bill has
not become a law, but it was laid on our tables.
It was referred to the Judiciary Committee.
It is now being acted upon in the House, and
will be immediately acted upon here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. These resolutions can-
not accomplish anything if they are passed.
_ Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. These resolu-
tions of course will not have the least sffect in
accomplishing anything. They are a mere
declaration of what ought to be. The law is
a declaration of %vhat shall be, and the bill to
which I have referred is an enabling act en-
abling the South, without the interference of
rebels or their influence, under the control
of the commander appointed by the Federal
Government, to form new State organizations.
These resolutions do contain something more:
they contain a declaration that education shall
be secured to the freedmen; that land must be
secured to the freedmen. But it is' the fourth
resolution to which I do most seriously object:
Resolved, That all these requirements are in tlie
nature of guarantees to bo exacted by Congress, with-
out which the United States will not obtain that
security for the future which is ossential to a just
reconstruction.
The effect of these resolutions is to say that
unless we secure education to the freedmen,
unless we secure lands to the freedmen, the
country cannofcbe reconstructed; that we must
exact that. In other words, we are called upoa
