1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
those States, and we have declared that that
government shall be founded upon the consent
of all the people of those States without re-
gard to race, previous condition, or color.
But now, sir, after we have made that offer,
after we have made that stipulation, the Sen-
ator, before these people have had an oppor-
tunity to act upon it, proposes to revoke that
offer and make another one still more onerous
in its conditions. He says that itis not onerous
or burdensome to take from them their land
and distribute it among the former slaves.
Why, sir, does such a law exist in Massachu-
setts ? In Massachusetts wealth has been ac-
cumulated in untold fortunes. Half a dozen
men in Massachusetts could buy out whole
counties in the State of Ohio. Does the Sen-
ator propose in Massachusetts, in order to
make it republican, to scatter these great for-
tunes among the poor people of Massachu-
setts? Are there not thousands of men in
Massachusetts now without homesteads or
homes ? Are there not now in Boston wan-
derers, white and black, of all conditions,
starving for food perhaps, or depending upon
the charity of their neighbors? Are there not
poor people in Massachusetts as well as rich?
Does the Senator propose to seize the property
of the rich and scatter it among the poor in
order to secure a republican government for
the State of Massachusetts ? That is the prop
osition contained in these resolutions?
Now, sir, because I am not willing to^ do
that, because I am not willing to uproot society
in all these States more than it has been up-
rooted, because I am willing to .stand by the
offer wo have made, I am to be chided by the
Senator from Massachusetts for being back-
ward, No plan of confiscation has been carried
out in Europe since the time when the Nor-
man invaded England and divided the lands
of the Saxons among the Norman barons, and
all the civil wars in England for five hundred
years grew out of that conquest.
The case mentioned by the Senator from
Massachusetts of the autocrat of all the Rus-
sias is not an exception. There the landowner
was paid for his property by the former serfs,
and the adjustment was made with the consent
of the landholder, and the arrangement was
for their mutual advantage. But even if it
were not so; suppose the autocrat of all the
Russias had seized upon the property of his
subjects and divided it among those who had
it not before, is that an example for the Amer-
ican Congress to follow? Have we any right
or authority to commit such acts here ? Is
this a Government like Russia, where the whole
Government rests upon the will of the sover-
eign, where he may destroy life and property,
banish, murder, or execute at his pleasure to
carry out his will? Is that the foundation-stone
upon which the Senator would organize gov-
ernments in all those southern States? 1 say
n°But, Mr. President, it is not worth while for
us to pursue this argument. The only ques-
tion is, whether we are willing substantially to
abide by the offer we made only a few days ago
to the people of the southern States. The Sen-
ator says that a year ago I and other Senators
here opposed the extension of the elective fran-
chise to the negro populatipn of the South. In
that he is mistaken so far as_I_am concerned,
because I never took any position on the sub-
ject—never said anything about it. I had no
doubt of our right to impose terms and condi-
tions upon the people of the southern States.
The constitutional amendment was adopted
after a long and serious debate, and I believe
without my participating in it at all. But a
year ago I was not in favor of extending en-
forced negro suffrage upon the southern States.
I voted for the constitutional amendment; but
that very amendment made a provision that
would have secured gradually to all the negroes
of the southern States the elective franchise,
bv making it the obvious interest of all the white
people to extend the suffrage. It was adopted
after grave and serious debate and consiaera-
tion, and was heartily approved by our con-
stituents. But, sir, the South rejected it.
These people still hugged to their bosom the
same delusive spirit which led them into the
rebellion. They believed that by the defec-
tion of the President of the United States they
were masters of the situation. They believed
they could rally around the President and make
a party that would let them in on better terms.
They have now found out their sad mistake.
They are now ready and willing to come on
such terms and conditions as we have of-
fered them. Shall we now add new condi-
tions and new stipulations not contained in any
constitution of any of the States? Shall we
destroy and derange property in every southern
State, and impose conditions that have not
been required of any other State in the United
States? That is the only, question.
1 say, therefore, that under the circumstances
by which we are surrounded, this proposition
of the Senator from Massachusetts and this
whole debate is injurious to the public inter-
ests, because it retards the great process of
reconstruction, which is going on very well.
I said I was in favor of the bill proposed by
his colleague. Why ? Because it did not ma-
terially change in any essential^ particular the
offer we have made ; because it is not in the
slightest degree inconsistent with the proposi-
tion we have made; but it prescribed a defi-
nite machinery by which the will of the people
of the southern States could be ascertained.
It provides for a registration, not adding to or
taking from a single voter who could vote un-
der the reconstruction law. It simply provides
that they are to be ascertained by a registra-
tion. It then provides, in order to secure a
fair expression from every male citizen, for the
ballot. It does not add to nor take from the
number who shall vote. It provides that they
may vote if they choose by ballot. That is
right and in pursuance of the terms of that
law. It also provides that the rebel Legislature
or provisional government shall not take part
in the machinery. That I did not deem very
material, because the law itself contemplated
that it should be a movement of the people,
"that when the people of any one of those
States shall have organized a government,"
and we reserved to ourselves the right to say
■when this condition had been complied with.
I would much prefer it if the mode and man-
ner and machinery by which this organization
is to be effected was pointed out. There can
be no objection to such a law; but that is a
very different proposition from the one now
made by the Senator from Massachusetts.
I trust, therefore, that this subject may be
laid aside, and that we may proceed to finish
the business we have before us at the present
session, provide if it is necessary the machinery
by which the assent of these people may be
obtained, and that then we may go back to our
homes among our constituents, where they
desire us to go.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I had _ not
until this morning read the string of resolutions
submitted by the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, and knew nothing about them. His
earnestness in their discussion has induced me
to give them some little attention, and as I
may be called upon to vote upon them, I wish
to state as briefly 'as possible, the views I- en-
tertain. The resolutions themselves, do not
contemplate any immediate practical legisla-
tion by this body. They are in the nature of
theses for discussion here, introduced for the
purpose, doubtless, of eliciting our opinions
upon the various topics presented ; and as the
Senate seems to have very little else to do just
now, I am not sure but that we may spend
a few minutes profitably in discussing these
abstract theses. .
He begins by declaring that Congress lias
commenced a good work in the passage of the
reconstruction act passed by the two Houses a
few days ago. I agree to that; I voted for it,
and now I will ask the honorable Senator
whether he did not vote for the reconstruction
a°Mr. SUMNER. I voted for the amendments
as -they came from the Housg. I did not vote
for the act as it passed the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me proceed further.
Did the honorable gentleman vote at all upon
the final passage of the bill? Did -he oppose
it in any way, by speech or influence ? Did he
seek to obstruct its passage in any form what-
ever? I think he did not.
I agree that in passing that reconstruction
bill Congress did a good work. So far then
we agree.
The second resolution is—
That there are other things remaining to be done
which are as clearly within the power of Congress as
the elective franchise, and it is the duty of Congress
to see that these things are not left undone.
Doubtless there are many things remaining
for Congress to do that are not embraced in
the reconstruction act; but about which it is
unnecessary for me to speak now.
His third resolution declares—
That among the things remaining to be done, are
the five following: .
First. The existing governments, which have been
declared to be illegal, must he vacated, so that they
can have no agency in the work of reconstruction,
and will cease to exercise a pernicious influence.
Well, sir, if I am correctly informed there is
a bill pending in the other House,_ which if
passed by that and by this House will effectu-
ally vacate these alleged illegal governments;
and I see no necessity of declaring here just
at this time the necessity of passing such a bill.
" Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof."
When such a measure shall be presented to the
Senate for discussion it will receive our full '
and candid consideration. I do not deem it
necessary to spend the time of the Senate in
discussing that abstract proposition.
There are, however, several things which
the Senator in his resolutions declares ought
to be done to which I wish to pay the respect
of a passing observation. The first of any
prominence is this:
As loyalty, beyond suspicion, must be the basis
of permanent governments, republican m form,
every possible precaution must be adopted against
rebel agency or influence in the formation of these
governments.
I do not agree to this proposition of the honor-
able Senator. The reconstruction act to which
I have referred is in itself a plain, authentic,
solemn declaration of Congress as to who may
and who may not exercise the elective franchise,
both in the calling of conventions for the refor-
mation of their State constitutions^ and in
reference to the exercise of the elective fran-
chise under those constitutions after they shall
have been adopted by the people of those
States and ratified and approved by Congress.
We have made, I say, a distinct and clear
proposition to the people of the rebel_ States ;
and what is that proposition? It is this :
And when such constitution shall provide that
the elective franchise shall be enjoyed by all such
persons as have the qualifications herein stated lot
election of delegates, and when such constitution
shall be ratified by a majority of the persons voting
on the question of ratification who are qualified as
electors for delegates, and when such constitution
shall have been submitted to Congress for examina-
tion and approval, and Congress shall have approved
the same, and when said State by a vote of its Legis-
lature elected under said constitution shall have
adopted the amendment to th£ Constitution of the
United States proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Con««B.
and known as article fourteen, and when said article
shall have become a part of the Constitution of the
United States, said State shall be declared entitled to
representation in Congress and Senators and Bepre-
sentatives shall be admitted therefrom on their taking
the oath prescribed by law, and then and thereafter
the preceding sections of this bill shall be inoperative
in said State. ,
Now, sir, the regulation of the elective fran-
chise under this reconstruction act is clear and
intelligible. It declares to the South that all
male persons, twenty-one years old, who are
not within the restrictions contained m the
article of the amendment known as the four-
teenth article, shall have the right to vote in
the election of delegates to a convention in
each State to reform its constitution ; and it
also declares that the same class of persons
shall henceforth under the State constitution,
as thus refornfed, have the right of votingat
the polls. Who are those persons? lhe
entire southern male population, both white
