56
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
and black, who are not excluded by the article
of amendment which we adopted at the last
session. We all know that a very large pro-
portion of the white population thus allowed
the privilege of voting in the southern States
were rebels during the war and bore arms
against the country. At the time of the pas-
sage of the reconstruction act we knew this ;
we know it still; and yet we have proposed, in
the form of legislation, that this same class of
persons shall for the future have the right to
vote on complying with the conditions we
annex to the act itself. "What, then, does this
proposition of the Senator from Massachusetts
imply?
As loyalty, beyond suspicion, must be the basis of
permanent governments, republican in form, every
possible precaution must be adopted against rebel
agency or influence in the formation of these govern-
ments.
" Every possible precaution must be adopted
against rebel agency or influence in the forma-
tion of these governments." Will the honor-
able Senator declare that the votes of rebel
soldiers and rebel officers, not excluded by the
amendment, are not "rebel influence" at the
South? What construction does he put upon
this portion of his resolution ? Is it not di-
rectly and by the clearest intendment aimed
against that entire portion of the white south-
ern population? I take it he will not deny
thai his object is the complete disfranchisement
of every man in the South who has partici-
pated in the rebellion and in whose heart
there are still lurking sentiments of the old
disloyalty which drove him to arms. If the
gentleman does not mean this by his language,
then I submit that it has no meaning at all,
and his proposition is unworthy of discussion.
It is aimed at something; it is aimed at some-
body. What is the something and who is the
somebody unless such as I have described?
If I have misconstrued this part of the Sen-
ator's resolution I should be glad to be cor-
rected, for I look upon it as important. Ho
does not correct me.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, yes; I must contradict
you.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well.
Mr. SUMNER. At the same time that I
laid these resolutions on the table I also laid a
bill of twenty sections entitled 
Mr. HOWARD. We are not acting upon
the Senator's bill, but upon these resolutions.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand that; but if
the Senator will allow me, I laid a bill on the
table entitled "A bill to guarantee a repub-
lican form of government in Virginia, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida,
Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas,
and Texas, and to jxrovide for the restoration
of these States to practical relations with the
Union andin that bill I laid down the rules
with regard to .the elective franchise in such a
way as I thought would exclude all rebel
agency or influence; _ but iny bill does not pro-
ceed on the idea which the Senator imagines
of the disfranchisement of all soldiers who
took part in the rebellion.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know upon what
principle the bill proceeds.
Mr. SUMNER. I will explain it by and by.
Mr. HOWARD." All I know is the rect>rd
before me and the language which the Senator
uses in his resolution, and from reading it I took
it for granted that such was his aim. Now, sir,
I never can agree to any such principle. We
have made an honest, out-and-out proposition
to the southern people, black and white, pro-
posing to them the means by which they can
restore themselves to participation in the Gov-
ernment of the United States as States of the
Union ; and for one, sir, I am for keeping the
pledge. It was made deliberately, and I shall
be the last man to violate the pledge or to
attempt to retract it.
Nor will I attempt to superadd to this act of
reconstruction conditions which we did. not
impose at the time and which the bill itself
does not contemplate; because that would be
equally a departure from that uberrima fides
which alone becomes the Senate of the United
States and the legislation of Congress on a
subject so grave, so important.
I am not in favor of confining the suffrage
in the southern States to black men solely. I
recognize at the South a white population as
well as a black population; and although I
would go as far as any man to subdue com-
pletely the spirit of the rebellion and resist-
ance to the just authority of the United States,
I cannot go so far as to attempt to set up a
government in any of those States which is
based exclusively upon the votes of black
persons, and which in its operations is not to
be meddled with or in any way controlled by
white persons that may have happened to par-
ticipate in the rebellion. In short, I look
upon the white man of the South as entitled
to at least as great rights as the black man,
if his character be equally good. But it is
sufficient for me that we have held out this
pledge to the southern States and people; we
have proposed our own.conditions; and I will
not at this early period of time undertake to
change them or to modify the proposal, nor
until the people of the southern States have
had an opportunity to consider and act upon
the terms.
Now, sir, the Senator proposes, in addition
to what the reconstruction act contains, that
"public schools must be established'for the
equal good of all."
_ I see no necessity for discussing this ques-
tion. The people of the southern States are
to frame their new constitutions ; they are to
institute new governments depending upon the
public sentiment of each of the States; and
these constitutions cannot go into operation
until each has been submitted to Congress for
its examination and approval. It can have no
operation until it has received our sanction.
We are to pass upon each one of them, and if
we find any material defect in it, cither in res-
pect to education or any other subject-matter
properly within the scope of State legislation,
it will be for us to remand the constitution to
the people for amendment, so as to make it
conform to our own views.
Another proposal is that the head of every
family shall be provided with a homestead.
The language of the Senator is:
Not loss important than education is the home-
stead, which must be secured to the freedmen, so that
at least every head of a family may have a piece of
land."
How is this land to be obtained? Where
does it lie ? Who owns it? Who occupies it?
And if it is to be taken from its present occu-
pants and turned over to a freedman who hap-
pens to be the head of a family there must be
some machinery by which the 'thing is to be
done. Is it to be taken through the confisca-
tion act? Certainly not. The Senator from
Massachusetts knows as well as I tl'iat that act
is but little better than a deadletter. We have
heard of but very few condemnations of land
under the confiscation act of 18G2. Does he
expect that the land is to be thus confiscated
to the Government under that act by wholesale,
and then parceled out among the heads of
families? Is that his project? Or does he
contemplate that the head of every family of
freedmen shall hafte the privilege of establish-
ing himself upon a homestead in a new country
upon public land of the United States? If
that be his idea, it is already carried out in our
legislation. It is as much the right of a freed-
man to locate himself upon a homestead upon
the public lands of the United States as of a,
person who is not a freedman, so that in this
view of the case it is entirely nugatory and
without utility. He says further in his propo-
sition :
That all these requirements are ia the nature-of
guarantees to be exacted by Congress, without which
the United States willnot obtain thatsecurity for the
future which is essential to a just reconstruction.
My reply to this is: we have already proposed
the terms of what we agree to be a just recon-
struction ; let us manfully and honestly and
courageously adhere to them, and if we find in
the future that they are not accepted by the
rebel States, or that there ia any other embar-
rassment in the way, it will be time then to
resort to further legislation upon the subject;
but at present I am opposed to voting upon this
series of abstract propositions which can event-
uate in nothing and have in contemplation, so
far as I can see, no practical legislation andno
practical end. I shall therefore at the proper
time move to lay the resolutions on the table.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. [•' Oh no ; let us dispose of the resolu-
tions."]
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move to lay
the resolutions of the Senator from Massachu-
setts on the table, and 011 that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The .yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 8G, nays 10 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Buekalew, Cameron,
Catt.eli, Chandler, Conklins?, Conness, Corbett, Cragin,
Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Drake, Ferry, Sessenden,
Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Henderson, Hendricks, How-
ard, Johnson, Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Norton,
Patterson of New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennes-
see, Ramsey, Ross, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague,
Stewart, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey, and Wil-
liams—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Cole, Howe. Morton, Pomeroy,
Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Wade, Wilson, and
Yates—10.
ABSENT — Messrs. Edmunds, Fowler, Grimes,
Guthrie, Morrill of Maine, Nye, and Riddle—7.
So the resolutions were ordered to lie on the
table.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a concurrent reso-
lution for the appointment of a joint Commit-
tee to Examine the Accounts for Repairs and
Furnishing the Executive Mansion, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, transmitting, in answer to a
resolution of July 28, 18G6, a report of the
Secretary of State, with the correspondence
between the United States and Governments
of France and Prussia, since March 4, 1'857,
touching the claim of those Governments to
the military service of persons born in those
countries but who subsequently became natural-
ized citizens of the United States.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that that message
be referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. It is so very voluminous that I do not
venture now to ask that it shall be printed with-
out a reference.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid
before the Senate a communication from the
Secretary of War, in response to a resolution
of the 8th instant, calling for information as to
the sending out of any armed expedition
against the Indians of the western Territories;
which, on motion of Mr. Wilson, was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
furnishing executive mansion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the following concurrent resolution
from the House of Representatives:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That a joint
committee, to consist of two members of the Senate,
aod three members of the House, be appointed to
examine the accounts for repairs and furnishing the
.Executive Mansion, as provided for in the act mak-
ing appropriations for deficiencies, &e., approved
March 2,1867.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Sen-
ate concur in the resolution. It is the same
in substance as one passed by the Senate this
morning.
The resolution was concurred in; and the
President pro tempore being authorized to
appoint the committee on the part of the
Senate, Messrs. Hablah and Nortou" were
appointed.
donahue, eyan, and secok.
Mr. NYE. I am instructed by a majority
of the Committee oa Naval Affairs, to whom
