1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
section provides that the Commissioner of
Patents shall be authorized to appoint, from
time to time, in the manner already provided
for by law, such an additional number of prin-
cipal examiners, first assistant examiners, and
second assistant examiners as may be required
to transact the current business of the office
■with dispatch; provided the whole number of
such additional examiners shall not exceed
four of each class, and that the additional
annual expen'ses of the Patent Office shall not
exceed its annual receipts.
The second section provides that the Com-
missioner of Patents shall be authorized to
appoint, by and with the approval of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, a solicitor of the Patent
Office, who shall be considered its law officer,
whose salary shall be $3,000 per annum, to
be paid from the patent fund, and whose du-ty
it shall be to render all reasonable aid in the
transaction of the business of said office that
may be required of him by the said Commis-
sioner.
The third section provides that the salary of
the first assistant examiners and disbursing
clerks shall be $2,000 per annum; and the
salary of the librarian shall be $2,500, which
shall be in full for his services as translator
and librarian.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think this bill
should receive the consideration of a commit
• tee, and not be acted upon now.
The SPEAKER. If the bill gives rise to
debate it will go over under the rule.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I-desire to debate
the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Myers] having introduced the
bill is entitled to the floor upon it.
Mr. MYERS. The features of this bill were
before the Committee on Patents of the last
Congress.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman is debating
the bill, and I make the point of order that it
should go over under the rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that the gentleman has begun to debate it; and
therefore it goes over under the rule.
Mr. MYERS. I move that the bill be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
supreme court of the united states.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania, int.ro
duced a bill to regulate the practice and define
the powers of the Supreme Court of the United
States in certain cases arising under the Con-
stitution and laws thereof; which was read^ a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed,
claims of loyalists for damages.
Mr. STEVENS introduced a bill relative to
damages done to loyal men, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read a first and second time
referred to the Committee of the Whole, anc.
ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEVENS subsequently moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was re-
ferred.
The motion to Reconsider was entered on the
J ournal.
jurisdiction op tiie supreme court.
Mr. SPALDING. I offer the following res-
olution, on which I demand the previous ques-
tion :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciaryhe
instructed to report for the consideration and action
of the House the bill amendatory of the judiciary
act of the United States, and limiting the jurisdiction
of the Supreme Court in cases involving the consti-
tutionality of acts of Congress, &c„ introduced into
the last Congress by Mr. \Yilliams, of Pennsylvania,
a member of tho oommittee, and not passed for want
of time.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to say. for the information of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Spaldixg.] that I have intro-
duced this morning the same bill to which the
resolution refers; and hence the adoption of
the resolution is unnecessary.
Mr. SPALDING. Then I withdraw the
resolution.
. furnishing executive mansion.
Mr. SPALDING. I submit the following
resolution:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That a joint
committee, to consist of two members of the Senate
and three members of the House, be appointed to
examine the accounts for repairs and furnishing the
Executive Mansion, as provided for in the act mak-
ing appropriations for deficiencies, &c., approved
March 2,1867.
Mr. Speaker, I simply wish to say that the
appointment of this committee is rendered
necessary in consequence of a proviso at-
tached to the deficiency appropriation bill
declaring that no further payment shall_ be
made on any accounts for repairs and furnish-
ing of the Executive Mansion until such ac-
counts shall have been submitted to a joint
committee of Congress, and approved by such
committee. In order to carry out the appro-
priation which has been made, it is necessary,
I understand, that we shall have a committee
of the kind contemplated in this resolution.
There are claimants—men who have rendered
services and furnished materials—who cannot
get their pay until the accounts have been
approved by such a committee.
The SPEAKER. As this joint committee
is required by a provision of law contained in
the deficiency bill, the Chair would have ap-
pointed the members on the part of the House
but for the fact that the law did not specify
how many should compose the committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. If no select committee be
raised, will it not be in order to refer this
matter to a joint standing committee whose
appointment is already authorized by the action
of the two Houses?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schexck] can move to amend the reso-
lution unless his colleague [Mr. Spaldixg] de-
mands the previous question.
Mr. SPALDING. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be seconded, and that this matter
will be referred to a joint standing committee.
Mr. SPALDING. I have examined the
matter and have found that there is no joint
standing committee to which the subject can
be appropriately referred.
On seconding the previous question, there
were—ayes 41, noes 30; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers, and appointed Mr. Spaldikg and Mr.
Schenck.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 57, noes 38.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered; and under
the operation thereof, the resolution was
adopted.
equalization of bounties.
Mr. SCHENCK introduced a bill to equalize
the bounties of soldiers, sailors, and marines
who served in the late war for the Union ; which
w"ss read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read the third time.
Mr. SCHENCK. If it were in order, I would
state that this bill is word for word and letter
for letter the same as that passed by the House
on the 15th of February last; but that state-
ment, not being in order, I will simply demand
the previous question. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to offer an amendment to accompany
the reference of the bill. .
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio,
as the Chair understands, does not desire the
reference of the bill. He wishes it passed
n°Mr. HOLMAN. I have no objection to that.
I hope it will be done.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. CULL0M. I desire to ask whether this
is the same bill which was passed by the House
at its last session?
Mr. SCHENCK. It is word for word the same.
The question being on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read the third time, it was read
at length.
The first section provides that iastead of any
grant of' land or other bounty there shall be
allowed and paid to each and every soldier,
sailor, and marine, who faithfully served' as
such-in the Army, Navy, or Marine corps of
the United States, (including those recognized
by Congress in an act entitled "An act making
appropriations for completing the defenses of
Washington, and for other purposes,'' approved
February 13, 1862, and including those borne
on the rolls as "slaves,") and who has been,
or may hereafter be, honorably discharged from
such service, the sum of eight and one third
dollars per month, or at the rate of $100 per
year, as hereinafter provided, for all the time
during which such soldier, sailor, or marine
actually so served, between the 12th day of
April, 1861, and the 19th day of April, 1865.
And in the case of any such soldier, sailor, or
marine, discharged from the service on account
of wounds received in battle, or while engaged
in the line of his duty, this allowance of bounty
is to be computed and paid up to the end of
the term of service for which his enlistment
was made. And in case of the death of any
such soldier, sailor, or marine, while in the
service, or in case of his death after the dis-
charge and before the end of his term of enlist-
ment, if discharged on account of his being
wounded, as provided, the allowance and pay-
ment is to be made to his widow if she has not
been remarried, or if there be no widow then
to the minor child or children of the deceased
who may be under sixteen years of age.
The second section proposes to enact that in
computing and ascertaining the bounty to be
paid to any soldier, sailor, or marine, or his
proper representative, under the provisions of
this act, there shall be deducted therefrom any
and all bounties already paid, or payable under
existing laws by the United States, or by any
State, county, city, town, or other municipal
organization, or by any voluntary association,
so that in no case shall the aggregate amount
of bounty allowed and paid from all sources
exceed eight and one third dollars for each
month of actual faithful service, or at the rate
of $100 per year. And in the case of any
sailor or marine to whom prize money has
been paid, or is payable, the amount of such
prize money is also to be deducted, and only
such amount of bounty paid as shall, together
with such prize money and any other bounty
paid or payable by the United States, or by
any State, county, city, town, or other munici-
pal organization, or by any voluntary associa-
tion, amount in the aggregate to the sum
allowed by this act.
The third section provides that no bounty
under the provisions of this act shall be paid
to or on account of any soldier, sailor, or
marine who served as a substitute in either the
Army or Navy, or who was a captured prisoner
of war at the" time of his enlistment, nor to
any one who was discharged on his own appli-
cation or request prior to the 19th day of April,
1865, unless such discharge was obtained with
a view to reenlistment, or to accept promotion
in the military or naval service of the United
States, or to be transferred from one branch
of the military service to another, and such
person did actually so reenlist or accept pro-
motion, or was so transferred. And no bounty
is to be paid to any soldier, sailor, or marine
discharged on the application or at the request
of parents, guardians, or other persons, or on
the ground of minority. _ .
By the fourth section it is provided that every
petition or application for bounty made under
the provisions of this act shall disclose and stAtc
specifically, under oath, and under the pains
and penalties of perjury, what amount of bounty,
either from the United States or Irom any other
source, and what amount of prize money, if any,
has been paid or is payable to the soldier, sailor,
or marine, by whom or by whose representa-
tives-thc claim is made.
