60
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
The fifth section provides that whenever ap-
plication shall be made by any claimant, through
any attorney or agent, the post office address
of the claimant shall be furnished, giving the
name of the county and. State in which it is sit-
uated, and the amount of commission or fee
which the attorney or agent is to receive for his
service in the settlement of the claim, which
charges in no case are to exceed the sum of five
dollars; and. every such application is to be
accompanied by the written affidavit of the
attorney or agent that he has not charged, nor
agreed for, and will not accept more than such
sum of five dollars for his services in the case.
The Paymaster General, or proper accounting
officer of the Treasury, upon ascertaining the
amount due, is to cause to be transmitted to
such claimant the full amount, deducting the
fee to be paid to the attorney or agent, which
fee shall be paid to said attorney or agent in
person, or transmitted to such address as the
attorney may direct.
The sixth section provides that any attorney
or agent who shall receive from any claimant
a sum greater than five dollars for the pros-
ecution of any claim under the provisions of
this act, upon conviction thereof shall pay a
fine not to exceed the sum of $1,000, or im-
prisonment for a term not less than one year,
or both, as the court or jury may adjudge, and
shall be forever thereafter excluded from pros-
ecuting claims of any nature whatever against
the Government of the United States.
It is provided in the seventh section that in
case the payments shall be made in the form
of a check, order, or draft upon any paymas-
ter, national bank, or Government depository
in or near the district wherein the claimant
may reside, it shall be necessary for the claim-
ant to establish, by the affidavits of two credi-
ble witnesses, that he is the identical person
named therein ; but in no case are such checks,
orders, or drafts to be made negotiable until
after such identification.
The eighth section provides that it shall not
be lawful for any soldier, sailor, tir marine to
transfer, assign, barter, or sell his discharge,
final statement, descriptive list, or other pa-
pers, for the purpose of transferring, assigning,
bartering, or selling any interest in any bounty
under the provisions of this act; and all such
transfers, assignments, barters, or sales here-
tofore made are hereby declared null and void
as to any rights intended so to be conveyed by
any such soldier, sailor, or marine.
The ninth section proposes to enact that in
any case whore a person entitled to receive
payment of bounty under the provisions of this
bill shall make application therefor, or where
such application shall be made by the proper
representatives of such person, being deceased,
and the discharge of such person has been lost,
it shall be competent for the accounting offi-
cers to receive, in lieu of the actual produc-
tion of such discharge, proof of the actual loss
of the same, and secondary proof of its issue
and contents, together with proof of the iden-
tity of the claimant or person deceased, under
. such rules defining the character and form of
the evidence as the Paymaster General shall
prescribe.
By the tenth section it is provided that no
adjustment or payment of any claim of any
soldier, sailor, or marine, or of his proper rep-
resentatives, under the provisions of this act,
shall be made, unless the application be filed
within two years from the passage of the act;
and the settlement of accounts of deceased
soldiers, sailors, and marines is to be made in
the same manner as now provided by law.
The eleventh section provides for the repeal
of sections twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen,
and sixteen of an act making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for'the year ending June 30, 18G7, and for
other purposes, approved July 28, 1866. But
if any money shall have been paid to any per-
son under the provisions of those sections, the
amount thereof is to be deducted in each case by
the proper accounting officer from any sum to
be allowed under this act. And any applica-
tion made for allowance Of bounty under the
said act of July 28, 1866, with all the evidence
and papers submitted therewith, is to be taken
and considered as filed under the requirements
of this act, and is to be used hereunder for the
benefit of the applicant, as far as the same may
be applicable. And all applications which
have been made for bounty under the act of
July 28, 1866, by persons who are entitled to
bounty under this act, are to be acted on and
payments made thereon as if this act had not
been passed. But no person is to be paid a
greater amount than he is entitled to under
this act.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the main question was ordered
to be now put.
Mr. HOLMAN moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
51, noes 48.
Mr. SCHENCK demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 61, nays 76, not voting
23; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Baker. Benjamin, Bing-
ham, Bromwell, Buckland, Burr, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cullom, Dodge,
Ecklcy, Eldridge, Garfield, Gravely, Hamilton, Hard-
ing, Hayes, Holman, Hopkins, Asahel \V. Hubbard,
Chester D. Hubbard, Hunter, Judd, Kerr, William
Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Loughridgc, Marshall, Mc-
Clurg, Morgan, Mungen, Newcomb, Nihlack, Noell,
Orth,Paine, Pile, Plants, Polsley, Price,Raum.Ross,
Sawyer, Sehenck. Shanks, ShellabargtT, Spalding,
Taffe, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump, Cadwalader
O.Washburn, Wolker, William Williams, James F.
Wilson, John T. Wilson, and Windom—Gl.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Delos It. Ashley,
Baldwin, Banks, Bcaman, Blaine, Blair, Boutwell,
Boyer, Churchill. Cornell. Dawes,Denison, Donnelly,
Driggs, Feriiss, Fields, Finney, Getz, Glossbrenner,
Griswold, Haight, Halsey, Hill, Hooper, Hulburd,
Humphrey, Julian, Kellcy, Kelsey, Ketcham, Lafiin,
George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Marvin, McCarthy,
McUullough, Miller, Moore, Moorhcai, Morrell. Mor-
rissey, Myers, Nicholson, O'Neill, Perham, Peters,
Phelps, Pomeroy, Prnyn, Randall, Robertson, Rob-
inson, Scofield, Selye, Sitgreaves, Smith, Stevens,
Stewart, Taber, Taylor, Trowbridge, Twitchell, Up-
son, Van Aernam, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Van
Wyek. Ward, Henry D." Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Thomas Williams, Stephen F. Wilson,
Wood, and Woodbridge—76.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, James M. Ashley,
Barnes, Brooks, Broomall, Butler, Cake, Chanler,
Covode, Egglcston, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferry, Fox,
Ingersoll, Kitchen, Koontz, Lynch, Mercar, Pike,
Poland, Stone, and Thomas—23.
So the House refused to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The question again recurred on the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the main ques-
tion was ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 77, nays 65, not voting
18 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Delos T'. Ashley,
Baldwin, Banks, Barnes, Bcaman, Blaine, Blair,
Boutwell, Boyer, Butler,Chanler, Churchill, Cornell,
Dawes, Denison, Driggs, Ferriss, Fields, Finney, Getz,
Glossbrenner, Griswold, Haight, Halsey, Hill, Ilooper,
Hulburd, Humphrey, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Ketch-
am, Koontz, Lafiin, George V. Lawrence, Lincoln,
Marvin, McCarthy, McCullough, Miller, Moore,
Moorhead, Morrell, Morrissey, Nicholson, 3?erham,
Peters, Phelps, Poland, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Randall,
Robertson, Robinson, Sooficld, Selye, Smith, Stevens,
Stewart, Taber, Taylor, Trowbridge, Twitchell, Up-
son, Van Aernam, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Van
Wyck, Ward, Henry D. Washburn, WilliaruB. Wash-
burn, Thomas Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood,
and Woodbridge—77.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, James M. Ashley, Baker,
Benjamin. Bingham, Bromwell, Buckland, Burr,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn,
Cook, Calloin, Dodge, Donnelly, Eckley, Eldridge,
Farnsworth, Garfield,^ Gravely, Hamilton, Harding,
Hayes, Holman, Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Ches-
ter D. Hubbard, Hunter, Ingersoll, Judd, Kerr, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Marshall,
McClurg,Morgan. Mungen, Neweomb, Niblack, No-
ell, Orth, Paine, Pile, Plants, Polsley, Price, Raum,
Ross, Sawyer, Schenck, Shanks, Shellabarger, Spald-
ing, Taffe, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, Wclker, William Williams,
James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, and Windom—65.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison,Brooks, Broomall,
Cake, Covode, Eggleston, Eliot, Ferry, Fox,Kitchen,
Lynch, Mercur, Myers, O'Neill, Pike, Sitgreaves,
Stone, and Thomas—18.
So the vote by which the main question was
ordered was reconsidered.
DuriQg the vote,
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, stated that his col-
league, Mr. Allison, was called from the city
by important business, but that if present he
would vote against the reconsideration.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. SCHENCK withdrew the demand for
the previous question.
Mi-. BOUTWELL rose to debate the sub-
ject, and it went over under the rules.
The SPEAKER then stated the morning
hour had expired.
leave of absence.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania, asked
and obtained indefinite leave of absence.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, asked and ob-
tained indefinite leave of absence for his col-
league, Mr. Mungex.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed a concurrent resolu-
tion providing that a joint committee be ap-
pointed consisting of one on the part of the
Senate and two on the part of the House, to
examine, allow, and approve claims and
accounts for repairs, &c., of the Executive
Mansion, and had appointed Mr. Haklan as
member of said committee on their part.
election contest delano vs. morgan.
The SPEAKER laid before the House papers *
in the contested-election case of Columbus
Delano vs. George W. Morgan, from the thir-
teenth congressional district of Ohio; which
were referred to the Committee of Elections.
leave oi? absence.
Mr. PERHAM asked and obtained leave of
absence for his colleague, Mr. Lynch, for two
weeks.
service on a committee.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I asfc
to be excused from service on the joint Com-
mittee on Retrenchment. They are expected
to sit during the recess, and my business is such
as to render it utterly impossible for me to
serve during the recess.
No objection being made, Mr. Washburn was
excused from service.
fenian meeting.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following letter, which was laid on the table:
Headquarters Fenian Brotherhood,
Washington, V. C., March 11,1807.
Honorable the Speaker and members of the Fortieth
Congress :
Gentlemen : I am directed by the committee of
arrangements to respectfully invite the Represent-
atives of the people of the United States to be present
this evening at the mass meeting to be held at the
Assembly Rooms, Louisiana avenue, to oiler sym-
pathyand support to the Irish republican cause.
The " boys in the field" are fighting for freedom,
land, and life, and they look to America as their nat-
ural friend and ally.
The Irish-American race is counted by millions,
and ingratitude is not among their national charac-
teristics.
I have the honor to be, gentlemen, your obedient
servant,
RICHARD OTJLAIIAN,
Chairman Committee of Arrangements.
appointment of committees.
The SPEAKER. The Chair announces the
appointment of the following committees. He
will state in this connection that he has been
compelled to appoint a Committee on Enrolled
Bills, as there are bills which have passed both
Houses. He is also compelled to appoint a
select Committee on the Library, inasmuch as
on looking at the laws of the last session he
finds that there are three contracts by law
authorized to be made with that committee:
Committee on Foreign Affairs—Nathaniel
P. Banks of Massachusetts, Godlove 8. Orth
of Indiana, Shelby M. Cullom of Illinois,
Henry D. Washburn of Indiana, Dennis Mc-
Carthy of New York, Austin Blair of Mich-
igan, Leonard Myers of Pennsylvania, Wil-
liam E. Robinson of New York, and George
W. Morgan of Ohio.
