62
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
DISTRIBUTION OP PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
Mr. ECKLEY asked unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That all books and public documents of
which extra copies have been ordered to be printed
for distribution, and which have not been delivered
to the persons entitled thereto under the resolution
of the last House of Representatives, shall now be
delivered by the officer having possession of the same,
to the Representatives in this House of those districts
whoso former Representatives have not drawn the
documents to which such districts were respectively
entitled, according to the rate of distribution estab-
lished.
Mr. PAINE. I object.
HEIRS OE JOHN E. BOULIGNY.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I ask
unanimous consent of the House to offer a
joint resolution directing the Secretary of the
Interior to suspend the execution of the law
passed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress for the
relief of the heirs of John E. Bouligny.
The joint resolution was read for informa-
tion.
Whereas during the last hours of the second session
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress an act was passed with-
out discussion for the relief of the heirs of John E.
Bouligny, granting to said heirs land warrants for
seventy-five thousand eight hundred and forty acres
of land; and whereas by the solemn decision and
judgment of the Supreme Court of the United States
after full hearing it was in the year 1853 adjudged
that the private land claim on which said act is based
was invalid, null, and void; and whereas Mr. Justice
Nelson, who delivered the opinion of the court, de-
clared that there was no record evidence of any such
land grant as was setup, " that none had been pro-
duced, though a thorough examination of the archives
of that date, both at New Orleans and Paris had been
made, and no records could be found;" and whereas
it w;is also declared by said Judge Nelson, "that
thero was not the slightest ground for the claim set
up" to a tract of land running back from the Missis-
sippi river to the Alchafalaya; and that at the most
the petitioners could not claim, under any grant or
survey, over two thousand five hundred or threo
thousand acres, instead of about half a million—the
report of which decision is found in 15 Howard's
Reports, page 14; and whereas said private land
claim, aftor full review by Hon. M. Bucliard, solicitor
of the General Irfind Office in 1838, declared that She
same was invalid and void; and whereas said pre-
tended private land claim had its origin in 1717, and
was a part of the celebrated Mississippi scheme with
which John Law, known for his connection with the
South Sea bubble, was a party; and whereas the
legalizing of this claim will revive and legalize claims
to the amount of many million acres ; and whereas
there is grave reason for believing that said act was
passed under a misapprehension of the facts; There-
fore,
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the Secre-
tary of the Interior be directed to suspend the exe-
cution of said law until the further order of Congress.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I object. The facts
stated in the resolution are not true.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I am
perfectly familiar with this case, and I am cer-
tain that the facts stated are true.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I was a member of
the Committee on Private Land Claims which
reported this case to the last Congress, and I
state that the facts set forth in the preamble to
this joint resolution are not true.
REORGANIZATION OF REBEL STATES.
Mi-. WILSON, of Towa. Mr. Speaker, on
the 7th instant the House adopted the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary,
when appointed, be instructed to report a bill de-
claring who shall call conventions for tho reorgani-
zation of the rebel States, and providing for the regis-
tration of voters within said rebel States; and all
elections for members of said conventions, or for tho
adoption or rejection of constitutions formed by said
conventions, or for the choico of public officers, State
and municipal, until tho constitutions of said States
shall havo been approved by Congress, shall be by
ballot. „
In accordance with the directions of the
House contained in this resolution, the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary have instructed me to
report a bill supplementary to an act entitled
•'An act to provide for the more efficient gov-
ernment of the rebel States," passed March 2,
1867, and to facilitate restoration, I ask leave
to report the bill now.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information, after which the Chair will ask for
objections.
The bill, which was read, provides in the
first section that the commanding general in
each district defined by the art of March 2,
1867, to which the bill is supplementary, shall
cause a registration to be made before the 1st
day of September, 1867. in each county or
parish in the several States included in his dis-
trict, of the male citizens of the United States
twenty-one years of age and upward, resident
in each county or parish, which registration is
to include only those persons who are qualified
to vote for delegates by the act to which this is
supplementary, and who shall have taken and
subscribed the following oath or affirmation:
I,-
-, of-
in the State of -
-, in the county or parish of-
-, do hereby solemnly swear (or
affirm) that I am sincerely and earnestly attached to
the Union and Government of the United States; that
X will steadfastly support the Constitution and obey
the laws of the United States, and that I will to the
best of my ability engage all others to such support
and obedience. So help me God.
The second section proposes to enact that
whenever the registration provided for shall be
completed and copies thereof returned to the
commanding general, lie shall cause to be held
in each State of his district, on a day not less
than thirty days from the date of his proclama-
tion thereof, an election of delegates to a con-
vention for the purpose of forming a constitu-
tion for the State and of firmly reestablishing
a civil government loyal to the Union therein,
and of passing all needful ordinances for put-
ting such constitution and government into
operation.
The third section provides that the conven-
tion in each State shall consist of the number
of members of the most numerous branch of
the Legislature of such State under the consti-
tution thereof existing January 1, 1860; and
the election districts as existing on that day
are to be observed in the election and the as-
signment of delegates. The commanding gen-
eral of each military district is to assign as
nearly as may be to the several election dis-
tricts in each State within his jurisdiction the
number of delegates to which it may be enti-
tled according to the number of registered
voters within its limits; but each district is to
be entitled to at least one delegate.
In the fourth section it is provided that the
commanding general of each district shall ap-
point such loyal officers or persons as may be
necessary, not exceeding three in each election
district, to make and complete a registration,
to preside at the election, to receive, sort, and
count the votes, and to make return to him of
the votes, lists of voters, and of the persons
elected as delegates by a plurality of tho votes
cast at such election; and upon receiving such
returns he is to open the same, ascertain the
persons elected as delegates, according to the
returns of the officers who conducted the elec-
tion, and make proclamation thereof; and
within sixty days from the date of the election
he is to notify the delegates to assemble at a
time and place to be mentioned in the notifica-
tion, to proceed to the organization of a con-
vention. When the convention shall have
framed a constitution in accordance with the
act of March 2, 1867, the constitution is to be
submitted by the convention to the persons
registered under the provisions of this act at
an election to be conducted by the officers or
persons appointed by the commanding general
as already provided,- and to be held after the
expiration of thirty days from the date of
notice thereof to be given by the convention;
and the returns thereof are to be made to the
commanding general of the district.
The fifth section provides that, if according
to such return the constitution shall be ratified
by a majority of the votes of the electors qual-
ified as already specified, the president of the
convention is to transmit a copy of the same
duly certified to the President of the United
States, who is forthwith to transmit the same to
Congress, if then in session, and if not in ses-
sion, then immediately upon its next assem-
bling; andif such constitution shall be declared
by Congress to be in conformity with the fifth sec-
tion of the act to provide for the more efficient
government of the rebel States, and if the other
provisions of that act shall have been complied
with, the State is to be declared entitled to
representation, and Senators and Representa-
tives are to be admitted therefrom as therein
provided.
In section six it is provided that all elections
in the States mentioned in the act to provide
for the more efficient government of the rebel
States shall, during the operation of said act,
be by ballot; and all officers making the said
registration of voters and conducting said elec-
tions are, before entering upon the discharge
of their duties, to take and subscribe the oath
prescribed by the .act approved July 2, 1862,
entitled "An act to prescribe an oath of
office."
The seventh section provides that all ex-
penses incurred by the several commanding
generals, or by virtue of any ordfers issued or
appointments made by them, under or by virtue
of this act, shall be paid out of any moneys in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The eighth section proposes to enact that
the convention for each State shall prescribe
the fees, salary, and compensation to be paid
to all delegates and other officers and agents
herein authorized and necessary to carry into
effect the purposes of this act not herein other-
wise provided for, and shall provide for the
levy and collection of such taxes on the prop-
erty in such States as may be necessary to pay
the Same.
Mr. WOOD rose.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman rise
to object?
Mr. WOOD. I rise to ask a question.
_ The SPEAKER. Then there is no objec-
tion ; and the bill is introduced.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I rise to offer an
amendment to the first sectfon. I have con-
sulted with the majority of the Committee on
the Judiciary relative to this amendment, and
they agree in the propriety of making it, but I
do not feel authorized, inasmuch as there was
no session of the committee, to offer it as com-
ing from them. I offer it, however, with the
indorsement of a majority of the committee.
It is as follows:
Page 2, third line of tho oath afterthe word " am"
insert "not excluded from the right to vote by the
provisions of the fifth and sixth sections of the act
passed March 2,1867, entitled 'An act to provide for
the more efficient government of the rebel States,'
that I am."
"Mr. WOOD. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether he designs to take a vote on this to-
day?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It is my design to
ask the House to come to a vote on it within
an hour.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I desire to take
occasion to say that this bill contains princi-
ples which, in my judgment, no true repub-
lican can assent to. The existing law gives
to the people of the provisional governments
recognized in the southern States the power
to initiate the preparatory proceedings in the
conventions which are to frame constitutions
of State government; and as I understand the
effect of this bill, it is to give that power en-
tirely into the hands of the military command-
ers, to establish governments for these States
as Louis Napoleon established an empire for
France,_ as Maximilian proposed to establish
an empire in Mexico. It is an effort to take
away all the existing civil power in those
States, all the civil power existing in the peo-
ple of those_ States, recognized by the bill of
the last session of Congress, and to give it en-
tirely into the hands of the military governors
proposed to be established over that people.
Therefore I for one can never consent that
any military power shall supervise, direet, con-
trol, or influence the establishment of civil
government in any State or Territory iu this
land.
I am not prepared to discuss it at length at
this timfy certainly not in the time allotted for
the discussion of a question of such vast mag-
nitude. I only rise to say it is anti-republican
and contrary to the genius of the institutions
of this country. It is the operation of a prin-
ciple which may be carried into the North.
East, and West, aa well as the South. It is
