1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
63
setting up military authority over and above
all existing constitutional executive, legisla-
tive, and judicial powers of the Government.
It is against the recognition of that principle
I object and protest.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. This bill does not
conflict in the least with that passed by the
Thirty-Ninth Congress entitled "An act to
provide for the more efficient government of
the rebel States. If the gentleman from New
York will refer to the sixth section of that act
he will find it provides—
" That until the people of said rebel States shall be
• by law admitted to representation in the Congress
of the United States, any civil government which
may exist therein shall be deemed provisional only,
and in all respects subject to the paramount au-
thority of the united States at any time to abolish,
modify, control, or supersede the same."
Now, sir, so far as this bill may interfere
with the exercise of power by the provisional
governments now existing in those States, it
is following precisely the purpose of Congress
when it incorporated in the sixth section the
language which I have read. Instead of this
being a bill to fix upon the people of the rebel
States a military government, or to establish
a military despotism, it provides the machinery
whereby those people may get from under the
military governments which have already been
established in those States by the act of the
last Congress.
Mr. WOOD. May I ask the gentleman
whether it does not in terms direct that this
registry shall be made under the direction of
the military commander?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Why, certainly it
does. There is no provision at all in the act
of March 2 for the registration of voters, but
there are provisions in that act determining
who may vote within those States. Now, sir,
it is fpr the purpose of enabling the persons
authorized to exercise the franchise in those
States to act that this bill provides for a regis-
tration under the supervision of the military
commander.
Mr. BLAINE. I wish to ask the gentleman
a single question. I wish to understand if this
bill is not designed expressly and unqualifiedly
to give to everybody an even start ia the
election ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. That certainly Is
the purpose of the bill.
Mr. BLAINE. So that no one in possession
or out of possession is to be prejudiced by any
action of ours, but we intend to secure to
everybody entitled to vote at aU an even start
in the race.
Mr. WOOD. That depends entirely upon
the authority and the will of the military com-
mander there. He has all authority in making
up the registry lists according to which the
people are to vote. His power over the people
is greater in making up that list than in the
mere mechanical process of voting.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The military com-
mander will be controlled by the provisions of
this bill, and it provides—
"That the commanding general in each district
defined by the act entitled 'An act to provide for the
more efficient government of the rebel States,' passed
March 2,1867, shall cause a registry to be made be-
fore the 1st day of September, 1867. in each county or
parish in the several States included in his district,
of all the male citizens of the United States twenty-
one years of age and upward, residentin each county
or parish, which registration shall include only those
persons who are qualified to vote for delegates by the
said act to provide for the more efficient governmen
of the rebel States, and who shall have taken or sub-
scribed the following oath."
The military commander of the district will
be bound to follow the provisions of this bill.
He cannot extend the time for the completion
of the registry beyond the 1st day of September.
We limit him to that time in order that the
• people in those States entitled to the exercise
of the elective franchise may have an oppor-
tunity of moving under the legislation of Con-
gress toward the organization of civil govern-
ments within those States.
This bill is intended to come in aid of the
legislation of the last Congress. Every person
who has read the act of March 2 knows that
it k imperfect in its provisions. While it
declares that certain persons shall be entitled
to exercise the elective franchise and certain
others shall not be so entitled, it provides no
machinery whatever for carrying into effect
those provisions. ' This bill supplies that
defect.
Mr. WOOD. May I ask the gentleman
another question?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Certainly.
Mr. WOOD. I ask whether this bill does
not attempt to supply another defect in the
existing law by giving to the military com-
mander power to compel an organization un-
der that bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It does compel the
military commander to proceed with the regis-
tration ; it compels him to order an election of
delegates; it compels him to provide for the
holding of a constitutional convention; but
after that is done, the results of the labors of
that convention are to be submitted to the peo-
ple to be passed upon by them, and if a major-
ity of the people vote against the constitution
which is thus submitted to them, there will
then be no organized civil government under
the action of that convention. So the whole
thing is left in the hands of the people after all.
Mr. WOOD. Under military direction.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Under military
direction as to when they will hold this con-
vention, as to who shall go upon the registra-
tion, that is, with the limitation prescribed in
the law, and that only. Those entitled to vote
under the provisions of the act of March 2
must be placed on the registry. It is simply
providing for the organization of civil govern-
ment through the military arm of the Govern-
ment of the United States, but leaving the
acceptance or rejection of the work of the con-
vention exclusively in the hands of the several
States.
Now, unless some gentleman desires further
explanation of this bill, I will ask the previous
question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the attention of the
gentleman from Iowa to the propriety of cor-
recting one line of the fifth section of the bill.
By reference to the bill, as reported, the gen-
tleman will see that by the bill as it now stands
it is expressly provided that it shall require a
majority of the electors "as herein provided"
to ratify the constitution. I ask the gentle-
man to consider the propriety of inserting the
words "votes given at said election by" be-
fore the words " electors as herein provided."
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I have no objec-
tion to the gentleman offering that amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I offer that amend-
ment, because it is perfectly apparent that as
the bill now stands if at the election three
fourths of all the qualified electors in the State
should vote, and two to one should vote in
favor of the constitution, yet if the vote should
fall short only twenty votes of a majority of the
qualified electors registered the constitution
would be defeated.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I am not objecting
to the gentleman's amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask then that the
■words I have indicated be inserted before the
words "qualified electors."
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not wish to
be misunderstood in regard to this amend-
ment. I yield in order that the gentleman
from Ohio may have a vote upon it. I do not
accept it, because the question was considered
in the Committee on the Judiciary and the
judgment of the committee was against it.
' The SPEAKER. The gentleman could not
accept it, the bill being a report from a com-
mittee.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. _ The judgment of
the committee was against it upon this ground:
that in the rebel States the whites being in the
possession of political power might by threats
and intimidation prevent the colored citizens
from voting, keep them away from the polls,
and adopt a constitution whieh would not be
free and equal in its operation, and _ therefore
they rejected that amendment when it was pro-
posed in the committee.
. Mr. BINGHAM. I beg leave to remind the
House that the Congress is to be the judge
whether the constitution so ratified by a ma-
jority of the electors is a .constitution, not
only in conformity of the law to which this is
supplementary, but with the Constitution of
the United States and also with the pending
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States; so that the Congress of the United
States will themselves have the power to pro-
tect these people if it shall tuln out that any-
such imposition is practiced upon them.
Now, I beg leave to remind the House again
that unless this amendment be made, that al-
though the constitution of one of these States
may be in all respects what we would desire to
have it, yet if perchance it should turn out that
the vote given for the ratification of the con-
stitution, so just and fair and wise that every
honest man in America would favor it, it
should fall short twenty votes of receiving a
majority of the registered votes, it could not
go into effect at all. It is for that reason that
I ask for the adoption of my amendment.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, the objec-
tion, in my mind, to the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] is deeper
than has yet been suggested. It is this: that
we must assume, in regard to the people of
these ten States, that thus far the controlling
political forces are disloyal to the Government.
What we ask in reconstructing these States is
to secure a loyal majority.
Now, then, under the amendment proposed
by my friend from Ohio this might happen :
if one hundred thousand persons be registered
as voters in North Carolina, for example, and
fifty thousand of them go to the polls, and
twenty-six thousand of them vote for the consti-
tution which has been prepared by the conven-
tion, you have then a constitution adopted and
binding, if this amendment prevails, so far as
any constitution can be binding; and yet pretty
nearly three fourths of the people of the State
have either absented themselves from the polls
or have voted against the constitution, and we
have no security that more than twenty-six
thousand of the one hundred thousand voters
of the State are in favor" of the frame of gov-
ernment which has been set up.
Now, I say that the case is different in one
of these States from what it would be in New
York, for example, where the people are
known to be loyal. If, as is proposed in that
State, the constitution be revised or a new one be
made, and the work of the revising convention
be submitted to the people and only one half
of the electors choose to attend the polls and
pass judgment upon it, the presumption is that
those who stay away assent to the work which
has been done. But in the rebel States the
presumption is that those who stay away are
opposed to the work of the convention; and
hence it may happen, if this amendment pre-
vails, that you will have a frame of govern-
ment set up whieh has the support of hardly
one fourth of the people of the State. Now,
the suggestion I make is, that we ought in the
beginning to assert the doctrine that a majority
of the people of these States shall assen-t to
the work done by the conventions, and show
that they are ready to sustain the frame-work
of government thus set up in harmony with
the Constitution of the United States.
And I submit that the power which Congress
has to reject the work of any of these conven-
tions is merely a negative power. I know very
well that when any of the rebel States come
here with the work of their conventions, and
it conforms to the acts of Congress, even
though but one third or one quarter of their
people have assented to it, we shall be under
an irresistible pressure to accept what they
have done, and to admit their Representatives
to seats upon this floor. I am, therefore, op-
posed to the amendment of the gentleman, from
Ohio. [Mr. Bixgham.]
enrolled bills and joint resolutions.
Mr. HOLM AN, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
