64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
and found truly enrolled a bill of the following
title; when the Speaker signed the same: ^
An act (H. R. No. 1) making appropriations
for the expenses of commissioners sent by the
President to the Indian country.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the same committee,
reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled a bill and joint resolutions of the
following titles ; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (S. Nt>. 31) to amend an act entitled
"An act to amend an act entitled 'An act* to
incorporate a National Military and Naval
Asylum for the relief of the totally disabled
officers and men of the volunteer forces of the
United States,' " approved March 21, 1866;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 2) supplement-
ary to other joint resolutions, to enable the
people of the United States to participate in
the advantages of the Universal Inhibition at
Paris in 1807; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 6) extending
the time for the completion of the improve-
ment of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers.
REORGANIZATION OF REBEL STATES AGAIN.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to state
that the provision of this bill follows precisely
the provision of the reconstruction bill which
was passed by the Thirty-Eighth Congress;
which bill was prepared by the late Henry
Winter Davis. That bill required the assent
of a majority of all the voters of the State to
the adoption of the constitution and the estab-
lishment of a State government.
Mr. BINGHAM. This bill puts it into the
power of a small minority of the voters of a
State to defeat the will of a large majority as
long as a hundred men perhaps refuse stub-
bornly to cast their votes.
I will make one further remark in this con-
nection, ana then leave the matter to the
House. To my mind nothing is clearer than
that the organized represented States of this
Union are the Union ; and twenty of those
States, being three fourths of the whole num-
ber represented, having ratified the amend-
ment to the Constitution proposed by the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, that amendment has
now become part of the fundamental law.
That being done, when you have passed this
bill, amended as I have proposed, 1 undertake
to say that with the express grant of powers
put for the first time into the Constitution of
your country it is utterly impossible, so long
as the Representatives of the people are true
to the trust committed to them, that any ad-
vantages shall be taken in all the years to
come of these men called freedmen, and who
in these southern States approximate in num-
ber to the white population, and in some of
the States, as in the Slate of South Carolina,
an overwhelming majority of all the popula-
tion.
Having said this much, all I ask is that I
may have a vote upon my amendment by yeas
and nays; and then I will be content with the
result of the vote so taken.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. An additional ob-
jection to the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bixgiiam] is, that he proposes
to bring into Congress for determination the
question whether a majority of the people have
adopted the constitution of State government.
This bill proposes to leave that question to the
ballot-box in each State by providing that
' before a constitution shall go into effect the
result of the vote shall show that a majority of
the persons whose names are on the register
have voted in favor of that constitution.
Mr. BINGHAM. My amendment does not
propose to change the bill in that respect at all.
If my amendment presents this question to
Congress for determination so the bill itself
does.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It is a very easy
matter to determine, when the result -if an
election has been sent to Congress, whether a
majority of the whole number upon the register
have voted in favor of the ratification of a con-
stitution. But according to the proposition of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] we
must organize an investigating committee to
determine how many persons in these States
have voted, how many have not, and the reasons
why. I wish to avoid that, and lot it be deter-
mined by the registry itself.
Mr. BINGHAM. If my amendment be
adopted, that matter will rest upon the certifi-
cate of the commanding officer; and if my
amendment is rejected, it will in like manner
rest upon his certificate ; so that the adoption
of my amendment would raise no new question
at all in that respect.
Mr. N1BLACK. I desire to call the atten-
tion of members of this House to what is tak-
ing place here to-day, in connection with what
occurred at the last session of the last Con-
gress upon this question of reconstruction.
When the bill to which I understand this to be
supplementary came back to the House after
it had been acted upon by the Senate, con-
taining an amendment by the Senate similar
to a proposition originally offered here by the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Blaine,] a strong
pressure was brought to bear upon members
on this side of the House to induce us to vote
in such a way aS to cut off any further amend-
ment by the House and bring the House to a
vote on the amendments of the Senate. It
was claimed that by that means we would be
enabled vo defeat measures which would be
like;y to follow the rejection of the amend-
ments of the Senate, measures which would be
far more obno 'ious to the conservative mem-
bers of the HDuse. And when we. upon this
side of the House failed to vote for a second
of the demand for the previous question, so as
to cut off amendments in the House, the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Bixgham] and others
who acted with him complained of us, and said
that if we had stood by the more conservative
portion of the Republican party we would have
kept out these obnoxious provisions of the
House and have secured the amendments of
the Senate as a finality upon this question of
reconstruction.
My object in seeking the floor was simply
to call attention to the fact that nothing which
we on this side of the House car. do in con-
junction with anybody on the other side can
in the least degree arrest the legislation which
is being inflicted upon the country in connec-
tion with this matter of reconstruction. The
whole question is in the control of a majority
of the House; and whenever on any occasion
we may succeed temporarily in checking the
tide of radical legislation, the earliest oppor-
tunity is embraced by some gentleman on that
side to introduce something still more radical.
We have not to-day, and have not had on any
previous occasion, any power over this matter.
We are obliged to sit by and see done that
against which v.-e can only enter our protest,
without the slightest power to influence action
upon the question one way or another.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I do
n.. I doubt that the position which gentlemen
on the other side of the House who were mem-
bers of the Thirty-Ninth Congress occupy in
relation to the act of the 2d of March last is an
uncomfortable one ; and I do not wonder that
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Niblack]
seeks to explain away its embarrassing points.
For one I voted to concur with fhe Senate
amendment, b?.,ause I believed it was the best
thing we could do during that session. Hav-
ing been defeated on that vote, I here to-day
tender my thanks to gentlemen on the other
side of the House for having assisted in defeat-
ing that amendment. I was in favor of taking
that which seemed to me the best thing we
could get; but the gentlemen on the other
side, acting probably under a fit of radicalism,
would not let the conservative gentlemen on
this side of the House have their own way in
that matter. The result was that when the
bill came back from the Senate, I retraced my
steps so far as I -could, the door having been
opened by the gentlemen on the other side of
the Chamber, and offered an amendment which
appeared in the act of the 2d of March as the
proviso to the fifth section. I am furthermore
glad that the • opposition on that side of the
House succeeded in enabling my friend from
Ohio [Mr. Shellabaroeh] to get his amend-
ment attached to the bill, which is found in
the act of the 2d of March as the sixth or last
section.
Hence, gentlemen on that side of the House
may thank themselves—their friends in the
South may thank them also—for those feat-
ures of the reconstruction act of the 2d of
March; and they may also thank themselves
for this bill which I have reported to-day,
because the amendment which was .put on that •
bill after it came back from the Senate ren-
dered this bill necessary. It is absolutely ne-
cessary that we shall have the machinery pro-
vided for in this bill to carry out the provisions
which the gentlemen on that side of the House
induced this House to put in the act of the 2d
of March.
Mr. NIBLACK. The gentleman will per-
mit me to say that we on this side of the
House are willing to join him to-day in repeal-
ing that obnoxious section.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. "Why, Mr. Speaker,
I have been returning my thanks to the gen-
tlemen for what they have accomplished. I
like the act in its present form much better
than I did. in the form in which it came back
from the Senate, with the "Sherman amend-
ment," as it was called. I'have been return-
ing, and I again return, to the gentleman from
Indiana, .-.nd those who acted with him, my
thanks and the thanks of my political associ-
ates for their action on that occasion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I wish right
here to decline the compliment which the gen-
tleman from Iowa has seen fit to pay to this side
of the House. I, for one, do not desire it. On
the occasion to which the gentleman refers I
voted to sustain the previous question—almost
the only occasion on which during the Thirty-
Ninth Congress I did so vote.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Then I do not ex-
tend my thanks to the gentleman from Wiscon •
sin, [Mr. Eldkidge.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I decline the honor.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I now yield to my
colleague on the committee, the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Marshall.]
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I do not
rise for the purpose of participating in this
side-bar discussion upon the question on whom
the responsibility for the legislation of the last
Congress rests. As we on this side constituted
a minority o; barely one fifth of the House, I
imagine it wilt be very difficult to convince the
country that the responsibility for the uncon-
stitutional, and as I deem it (with all proper
respect for the majority here) iniquitous legis-
lation of the last Congress, rests upon us on
this side. Both of the propositions referred
to were objectionable, and equally objection-
able to jfhe minority, because, according to our
understanding of the Constitution, it was not
competent for Congress to pass the one or the
other, and we could not, on the responsibility
of our oaths, give our sanction to either. And
it does not, therefore, become gentlemen call-
ing themselves conservative Republicans to
attempt to throw the odium of any portion of
this legislation on the Democratic minority,
who could not, without violation of their oathsj
give their sanction to either one of the propo-
sitions. But I did not rise for the purpose of
entering into any discussion of this question,
and it is onl; i ecause my attention was called
to it by the remarks just made that I have
alluded to it at all.
Mr. Speaker, I did rise for the purpose of
inquiring whether the bill, as reported, pro-
vides that there must be a majority of the votes
of the registered voters east for the constitu-
tion at the election provided for, and failing in
this that the whole proceeding shall fall to the
ground and amount to nothing? If that be so
I wish to call the attention of the chairman
of the committee to the fact. I may possibly
be mistaken, but it was certainly my under--
standing.that the eommittee directed that the
