66
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
ternity, and prosperity, and have freed -us
forever from the dangerous complications and
difficulties by which we are surrounded, and
which threaten to engulf all we hold most dear
on earth.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. My colleague on
the Judiciary Committee who has just taken
his seat indorses that part of the President's
policy which is 110 part of it. The President
when he inaugurated his policy certainly did
not believe that the rebel States were States
in the Union ; but he provided immediately for
the calling of •conventions in those States, and
directed those conventions to frame such con-
stitutions as he deemed proper and right. Why
did he enter those States and declare by his
proclamations that certain persons should be
entitled to vote, and that certain other persons
should not exercise the right of the elective
franchise? The gentleman cannot escape by
saying that he indorses that part of the Presi-
dent's policy only as recognized these as States.
He must take the policy as it was inaugurated,
for the purposes for which it was inaugurated
under the surrounding circumstances. The
President by his proclamations declared that
by the rebellion these States had been deprived
of all civil governments, and as the Chief Ex-
ecutive officer of the nation, he went in there
to aid the people in the organization of govern-
ments just as we are doing now. We are seek-
ing by this legislation merely to aid the people
of these States in the organization of govern-
ments which shall secure the rights of all the
citizens of the United States.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, it is well
known to those who were members of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress that, with the views 1
entertain, I can no more vote for this bill than
I could have voted for the one which passed
at the last Congress. I believe there is no
warrant or authority in the Constitution for
the passage of either. The provisions of both
are in open and flagrant violation of that
instrument, and a most wicked subversion of
the liberties it was intended to secure.
But I object to this bill for another reason.
I object to it because it is a declaration to the
country, to the people of the southern States,
that this Congress has even yet no definite or
settled policy with reference to their restora-
tion to the Union. It repudiates the idea that
the bill which was passed over the veto of the
President for reconstruction, as it was repre-
sented to the country, was the ultimatum' of
Congress as intended to be the plan for the
final settlement of our unhappy difficulties
with the people of those States. It is a vir-
tual declaration by the majority of this House
that it claims the power, and intends day by
day, and day after day, to institute just such
measures in regard to that people as its parti-
san purposes may suggest and require. That
submission to your requirements is an invita-
tion only for further demands and still greater
impositions and exactions.
1 object to this bill further, because it is
another declaration that Congress, while con-
demning the presidential policy, has no poliey
of its own ; no plan by which it is willing to
abide; none by which restoration and recon-
ciliation can be permitted to take place. The
bill passed at the last session provided for
placing those States under military govern-
ments, and allowed the military officers in
command in their discretion to recognize and
permit the State governments to continue as
provisional governments, as they were called.
By this bill these military officers are not per-
mitted to allow these State governments to
act, hut the military must appoint registers to
enroll the voters, fix the day for elections, and
control all the proceedings by the bayonet.
The gentleman from Maine[Mr. Bi,.iixe]made
an inquiry of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Marshall] m which he seemed to think there
was some force, as to whether we desire to
have a niinorify of the people establish govern-
ments there. If we do not we must certainly be
opposed to the provisions of this bill; for by its
terms you deny to the majority of the people
of these States the right to participate in the
formation of their government. Both of these
bills are intended to subject the majority of
the people to the control of the minority. But
neither the minority nor the majority are to be
free to act; both and all are to be under the
control of the military officer in command.
Obedience to his command is to be enforced
at the point of the bayonet. These measures
are to be enforced upon the southern people
for the purpose of building up a radical party
there, a party that will support the measures
and policy of this fanatical Congress. To this
end and for this purpose you would subject the
white people of those States to the control of
their former black servants. These measures
are intended to disfranchise the white man and
enfranchise the black; to humble and bow
down the white man, and place in power in his
stead the feebler black man, whom you can
control for your own party purposes.
If this bill does not accomplish this object,
another session of Congress will be called for
the purpose of adopting some measure that will
have the effect.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. As the hour to
which I am entitled has nearly expired, I desire
to demand the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has only
two minutes remaining.
Mr. BUTLER. I desire to offer a motion
to have tliis bill recommitted to the Committee
011 the Judiciary, with instructions to strike oat
the provisions requiring that these military
commanders shall do this thing at a given
time, thus making an iron rale for all the
States. Some States may be more ready than
others, some in abetter condition than others
and therefore I do not see why we should be
in such haste to adopt an iron rale which
would enable some States to come back before,
in the judgment of the military commander,
they are in a proper condition to come back.
I therefore favor a recommittal of the bill.
Mr. WiLSON", of Iowa. I cannotyield for
that purpose. This bill now gives the military
commander until the 1st of September next.
I now call the previous Question upon the bill
and pending amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
furnishing executive mansion.
A message from the Senate? by Mr. Burch,
one of its Clerks, announced that the Senate had
passed the concurrent resolution of the House
providing for the appointment of a joint com-
mittee to examine the accounts for repairs and
furnishing of the Executive Mansion, and had
appointed Mr. Harlan and Mr. Norton as
the committee on the part of the Senate.
The SPEAKER subsequently announced
the appointment of the following named gentle-
men as the committee on the part of the House,
Mr. Spalding, Mr. Be^iax, and Mr. Oloss-
brenner.
reorganization of rebel states again.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill in relation to the reorganization of the
rebel States.
Mr. WOOD. I move that the bill and
pending amendments be laid on the table j and
upon that motion 1" ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 27, nays 115, not voting
18 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Archer, Barnes, Boyer, Burr,
Chanler, Benison, Eldridge. Gctz, (xlossbrenner,
Haight, Holman, Humphroy.Kerr,Marshall, Morgan,
Mungon, Niblaek, Nicholson, Noel!, Pruyn, Randall,
Robinson, Iloss, Taber, Van Auken, YanTromp, and
"Wood—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, DelosU. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Bank?, Beamon,
Benjpmin, Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Boutwell, Brom-
weil, Buekland, Butler, Churchill, Reader W. Ciarke,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb.Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Cullom,
Dawes, Dodge. Donnelly, Driggs.Eekley, I'arnsworth,
Ferris*, Perry, Fields, Finney, Garlield, Gravely,
Ivnswold,, llalsey, Hamilton, Harding, Hayes, Hill,
Hooper, Hopkins, Asahtl W. Hubbard, Chester I).
Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter. Ingersoll, Jiuld, Julian,
Ivelley, Kelsey, ketoham, Koontz, Laflin, William
Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan,Logan, Loughridge,Marvin,
McCarthy, McClurg, Miller, Moore, Mborhcad, iior-
rell, Myers, Newcomb, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham,
Peters, Phelps, Pile, Plants, Poland, Polsley, Pomc-
roy, Price. Raum, Robertson, Sawyer, Schenck,
Scofield, Shanks, Shellabarger, Smith, Spalding,
Stevens, Stewart, Talie, Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge,
Twitchell, Upson, Van Aernam, Buit Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Henry D. Washburn, William B.Wash-
burn, Wclker, Thomas Williams, William Williams,
James F. Wilson, JohnT. Wilson, StcphenF. Wilson,
Windom, and Woodbridge—115. *
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Brooks, Broomall,
Cake, Cpvodc, Egglcston,Eliot, Fox,Kitchen,George
V.Lawrence, Lynch, McCullough,Mercur,Morrissey,
Pike, Selye, Sitgreaves, and Stone—18.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
asreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Wilson", of Iowa, to amend the first sec-
tion of the bill by inserting after the words
"I am" in line three, on page 2, the following:
Not excluded from the right to vote by tho provis-
ions of tho fifth and sixth sections of the act passed
March 2, 1867, entitled "An act to provide for tho
more efficient government of the rebel States;" that
I am.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next question was upon the amendment
proposed by Mr. Bingham to the fifth section
of the bill.
Mr. WOOD. I call for the reading of that
fifth section.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That if accord-
ing to said returns the constitution shall be ratified
by a majority of tho votes of the electors qualified
as herein specified, the president of the convention
shall transmit a copy of the same, duly certified, to
the President of the United States, who shall foitli-
with transmit the same to Congress, if then in session,
and if not in session, then immediately upon its next
assembling; and if tho said constitution shall bo
declared by Congress to be in conformity with the
fifth section of the act entitled "An act to provide
for the more efficient government of the rebel States,"
and the other provisions of said act shall have been
complied with, the State shall be declared entitled
to representation, and Senators and Representatives
shall be admitted therefrom as therein provided.
The amendment of Mr. Bingham was to
strike out the word "of" after the word
"votes," and to insert in lieu thereof the
words "given at said election byso that the
clause would read as follows:
If necoiding to said returns the constitution shall
be ratified by a majority of the votes given at said
election by tho electors qualified as herein speci-
fied, &c.
The question was takenupon the amendment,
and there were—ayes 38, noes 70.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BINGHAM called for the yeas and
nays on agreeing to his amendment.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays ; and there were—ayes sixteen.
So (the affirmative being not one fifth of the
last vote) the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. DRIGGS (at twenty-five minutes before
four o'clock p. m.) moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE and Mr. CHANLER called
for the reading of the engrossed copy of the
bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move that the
rule be suspended which requires the reading
of the engrossed copy of the bill.
The question was taken upon suspending
the rule ; and there were—ayes one hundred
and two, noes not counted.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rule was suspended.
The bill was then read the third time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill, upon which
Mr. WILSON7, of Iowa, called for the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the.
main question ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
