68
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
john h. ellis.
Mr. WILLEY. I am authorized by the
Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
a bill (S. No. 25) for the relief of John H.
Ellis, paymaster United States Army, to report
it back and recommend its passage, and I ask
for its present consideration; the case has
been carefully eonsidered'by the committee.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides for the allowance to John H. Ellis, in
the settlement of his accounts as paymaster,
of S3,673 91, being the amount lost in conse-
quence of the larceny of $19,093 91 of the
public moneys from his custody at Port Leaven-
worth, Kansas, on the night of January _1,
1866, if the Paymaster General shall deem him
justly entitled to this credit, and shall certify
his approval of it.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
market square, burlington, iowa.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
22) in relation to a certain tract of land in
Burlington, Iowa, have directed me to report
it back without amendment, and recommend
its passage; and I ask for its present consid-
eration. It is simply to relinquish the title
of the United States'to a public square, called
Market square, in Burlington. The city gov-
ernment proposes to altow the Burlington and
Missouri River railroad to lay its tracks on
the square; and this bill is to relinquish the
title of the United States to the city.
The bill was, by unanimous consent, consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole, reported
to the Senate, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
bills introduced.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 22) declaring the mean-
ing of the second section of the act of the 2d
of March, 1861, relative, to property lost in
the military service ; which was read twice by
its title, atid referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 50) for the relief of William L. Kimball;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 51)
to facilitate the establishment of a naval and
marine coal depot on the eastern shore of New
Jersey, and for other purposes; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 52)
to incorporate the Washington Land and Build-
ing Company of the District of Columbia;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 23) extending sympathy to the peo-
ple of Ireland ; which was read the first time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Nevada ask for the present con-
sideration of this resolution ?
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it had better lie
over.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the resolution
will be printed, so that we may see it to-mor-
row.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection to that.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 24) relative
to the payment of expenses incurred by the
judges of election for the cities of Washington
and Georgetown, District of Columbia ; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 25) to make valid the
laws of New Mexico passed at the session of
the Legislature, held at Santa F6 from the 3d
day of December, 1866, to the 31st of January,
1867 ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MORGAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 26) providing for the
necessary surveys for a ship-canal between
Lake Erie $nd Lake Ontario for military, naval,
and commercial purposes; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 53) in addition to the sev-
eral acts for establishing the temporary ^nd
permanent seat of the Government of the Uni-
ted States and to resume the legislative powers
delegated to the cities of Washington and
Georgetown and the levy court in the District
of Columbia ; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire,
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 54) to enlarge
the public grounds surrounding the Capitol;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce the following bills;
which were read twice by their titles, referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed:
A bill (S. No. 55) to enable the State of
California to reclaim certain unproductive
lands within her limits; and
A bill (S.- No. 56) granting lands to aid in
the construction of a canal or canals for irri-
gating purposes in the State of California.
edward jl'donald reynolds.
Mr. MORGAN submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Secretary of the Navy be, and
he is hereby, requested to transmit to the Senate the
records of the retiring and revisory boards and all
the proceedings in the matter of the dismissal of
Captain Edward McDonald Reynolds from the Ma-
rine qorps.
government fire department.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia bo instructed to inquire into the organization
and equipment of the Government fire department
of the eity of Washington, the number of men, horses,
engines, and ambulances employed, and the total
monthly cost of the same; also whether the expense
cannot be materially reduced, or whether any addi-
tionallegislation isneeessary to promote theefficiency
of said fire department.
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that Mr. Charles H. Van Wyck of New York,
Mr. Samuel J. Randall of Pennsylvania, Mr.
John A. Logan of Illinois, Mr. Martin Wel-
k'er of Ohio, and Mr. George A. Halsey of
New Jersey, had been appointed members of
the joint select Committee on Retrenchment on
the part of the House; and also that Mr. R. P.
Spalding of Ohio, Mr. P. C. Beaman of Michi-
gan, and Mr. A. J. Glossbrenner of Pennsyl-
vania, had been Appointed members of the joint
Committee to Examine the Accounts for Repairs
and Furnishing of the Executive Mansion on
the part of the House.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. Na. 33) supplement-
ary to an act entitled "An act to provide for
the more efficient government of the rebel
States," passed March 2, 1867, and to facili-
tate restoration; in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills and joint resolutions; and
they were thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1) making appropriations
for the expenses of commissioners sent by the
President to the Indian country ;
A bill (S. No. 31) to amend an act entitled
"An act to amend an act entitled 'An act to
incorporate a National Military and Naval
Asylum for the relief of the totally disabled
officers and men of the volunteer forces of the
United States,' " approved March 21, 1866;
A joint resolution (S. R. No.*2) supplement-
ary to other joint resolutions to enable the
people of the United States to participate in
the advantages of the Universal Exhibition at
Paris in 1867 ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 6) extending
the time for the completion of the improvement
of Fox and Wisconsin rivers.
message from the president.
Several executive messages were received
from the President of the United States, by
Mr. Moore, his Secretary.
arms OF delaware.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to
cause to be returned to the several armories in the
State of Delaware the arms and equipments belong-
ing to said State which were seized and carried there-
from by direction of the military authorities during
the late civil war, or to supply said armories with
arms and equipments of equal value.
Mr. CONNESS. I suppose the Senator
does not want that resolution considered to-
day.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to have it con-
sidered now.
Mr. CONNESS. I suppose it would have
to be referred before the Senate would like to
act upon it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I have no objection to
its being referred.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
donahue, ryan, and secor.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of joint resolution
No. 17.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 17) for the relief of
Donahue, Ryan, & Secor, was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
appropriate for the purpose of paying Donahue,
Ryan, & Secor for losses sustained by them
in the construction of the monitor Camanche,
the sum of $179,000 80.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to say in explana-
tion to the Senate that this is precisely such a
joint resolution as the Senate passed unani-
mously at its last session, approved by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, but itwas not enabled
to be reached in the other House by reason of
the rules of that body and the pressure of pub-
lic business. It is a case not comprehended
in the act passed for the relief of builders of
iron-clads, and is on all hands*acknowledged
to be eminently just and worthy of immediate
attention. The case of these builders is pecu-
liar, inasmuch as their losses were the result,
as is well established, of the acts of the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
reconstruction.
Mr. MORTON. I move to take from the
table the resolutions of the Senator from
Massachusetts, which -were yesterday laid on
the table by a vote of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the following
