70
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
such a strange and singular range, as it seemed
to me, that i felt somewhat placed in a false
position in giving that vote. I am glad, there-
fore, to have a legitimate opportunity afforded
me of saying in a few words why I gave the
vote I did.
In the first place, Mr. President, allow me
to remark that this is not a proposition to
legislate. Here is not a bill before the Senate.
It is not proposed to enact one or all of these
things into a law now and here. These are
resolutions for adoption or rejection by the
Senate, and not by the Congress of the United
States; and it seems to me before we condemn
them we should look right into the mailer and
see if there is anything there worthy of con-
demnation. As I read them they seem to me
to be but little more than a series of truisms ;
but because they are truisms it does not follow
that it would not be proper for us to declare
our assent to them. See what they are. The
first resolution declares—
That Congress, in declaring by positive legislation
that it possesses paramount authority over the rebel
States, and in prescribing that no person therein
shall be excluded from the elective franchise by rea-
son of raec, color, or previous condition, has begun
the work of reconstruction, and has set an example
to itself.
Is that true or not? " Has" thereby " begun
the work of reconstruction," says the resolu-
tion. I conceive it has so, though perhaps
rather in a figurative tli'an a literal sense. In
maltiug that declaration in the recent enact-
ment of Congress, it did not do much in the
way of actual reconstruction, but it did u great
deal in the way of preparing the way for recon
struction. In making that declaration, we tore
down the great obstacle which stood in the way
of reconstruction ; we prepared the ground for
the work of reconstruction. The great obstacle
before which the Congress avid the nation has
stood in pause for the last year and a half has
been the existence of those political organiza-
tions down there which claimed to be the gov-
ernments of States, which arrogated to them-
selves the prerogatives of States, and Congress,
and the people to some extent, but to a far less
extent than was true of Congress, hesitated
before the necessity of denying to those organ-
izations the character which they thus usurped
for themselves. In the recent enactment of
Congress, however, that step has been taken;
that work has been done ; that declaration has
gone forth. You have stripped those organiza-
tions of these assumed characteristics. They
no longer stand in the eye of your law, as they
never have stood in the eye of the loyal Amer-
ican people, in the light of American State
governments. Thus, then, by that declaration
you have begun the work of reconstruction, as
he who tears down an old, rotten, shelterless
fabric upon a site where he wishes to build has
commenced the work of erecting an elegant
edifice suited to the accommodation of man.
The second resolution declares :
That there are other tilings remaining to be done
which arc as clearly within the power of Congi ess iss...
tho elective franchise, and it is the duty of Congress
to see that these things arc not left undone.
Ts that not true, that there are otiier things
as clearly within the power of Congress as this
matter of decreeing the elective franchise to
every male adult person within those districts?
Why, Mr. President, if we will comprehend
the spirit and scope of the recent enactment
of Congress, it is nothing short of this; you
have asserted the same measure of suprem-
acy over every one of those communities
that you have exercised over the Territory of
Montana or any other Territory which ever
existed under the Constitution of the United
States. You have the same authority, the same
legislative control over all those communities, if
your law is a valid law, that you have over the
people of the District of Columbia; and if you
have that authority, then you are just as respon-
sible for good or bad government in South
Carolina as you are in the District of Colum-
bia; and you cannot escape it. They are States
or not States. If they are States they are just
what Now York and Massachusetts are, and
you can do no more toward regulating the suf-
frage or anything else there than you can do in
New York or Massachusetts. If they are not
States, as your law declares they are not in
effect, then you can do there whatever you can
do in'any portion of the Union where a State
government does not exist, and in every such
portion of the Union you can do just what you
can in the District of Columbia, just what you
can in any one of your Territories.
The next resolution declares that there arc
five things which yet ought to be done, and the
first is that—
The existing governments which have been de-
clared to bo illegal must be vacated, so that they can
have no agency in the work of reconstruction, and
will cease to exercise a pernicious influence,
Mr. President, I do humbly conceive that
those governments down there ought to be va-
cated. The Senate will bear me witness I have
insisted upon that persistently for more than
three years. -They ought to be vacated. They
ought to be'vacated because you declared them
to be illegal and because you declared them to
be criminal—criminal in that they did not give
adequate protection to life or to property.
When a political organization is liable to that
impeachment; when you can say of any polit-
ical organization within the limits of the United
States, within its jurisdiction, that it is illegal,
and that it does not afford adequate protection
to life or property, you have declared the only
two conditions upon which arises the plain duty
of the Congress of the United States to remove
them from the face of the earth. And I was
profoundly sorry to have to acquiesce in that
feature of the recent enactment which stigma-
tized those organizations, stigmatized them, I
say, which characterized them in this way, and
yet proposed to employ them still further in
the work of government, not because I partic-
ularly distrust their agency in what is called
the work of reconstruction ; I distrust them
still more in the every day work of administer-
ing justice down there between man and man.
The work of reconstruction, since you have
declared them to be provisional governments
rather than State governments, we can manage
very well; but I regret profoundly to see those
organizations which you declare to be illegal
and to be wanting in the first duties of govern-
ment, engaged day after day in enacting laws,
in administering laws, in determining private
rights, in imposing human penalties, when, if
I have not strongly misjudged them, and if your
enactment does not strongly misjudge them,
they are not fit to be intrusted with any one of
those great and solemn duties. I tlnnk they
ought, in the language of these resolutions, to
be vacated at once and set aside. Other gov-
ernments, better governments, truer govern
ments, and governments which can afford
adequate protection to life and property, pro-
visional like the.se, ought to be put in their
stead.
Third, it is said that—
As loyalty, beyond suspicion, must be the basis of
permanent governments, republican in form, every
possible precaution must bo adopted against rebel
agency or influence in tho formation of these gov
ernments.
That, as I understand it, is but little more
than the sentiment which animates the late
enactment, not going one word or line beyond
the scope and spirit of that enactment. It is a
reaffirmation of it.
The fourth proposition I regard as more
important than either of the preceding. It is
that—
As the education of the people is essential to the
national welfare, and especially to the development
of those principles of justice and morality which
constitute tho foundation ol republican government,
and as, according to the census, an immense pro-
portion of the people in the rebel States, without
distinction of color, cannot read and write, therefore
public schools must be established for the equal good
of all.
Mr. President, I would be sorry to see an
American Senator in the year of our Lord
1867 take issue with a single sentiment con-
tained in that resolution. I would be sorry to
find ail American Senator who would stand up
in the face of our recent experiences and deny
that education is essential to the national wel-
fare, as this proposition declares it to be.. Mv.
President, think of it as you may, dream of<'
,s much as you please, God's truth is, and it
is man's truth, too, you cannot maintain repub-
lican principles and republican forms of gov-
ernment over' a people where education is not,
and is not universal. For a time the attempt
may succeed, but sooner or later it must fail.
Your institutions are stronger or weaker just
in proportion as education is more or less
general among the people of the United States.
In those portions of the country where educa-
tion is most universal there your institutions
are the strongest and the most stable to-day,
and have always been.
I shall not occupy the time of the Senate
with any extended remarks in justification of
this proposition. Nobody has assailed it;
nobody will. Nobody here will deny the truth
of this proposition. But the national Govern-
ment has for years declared this necessity and
has, as it had the means and opportunty for
doing it, done what it could to promote the
cause of education. It has done it in the
administration of the public domain. It has
made large donations of the public domain
from time to time to promote the cause of
education in' the States, not only where the
public lands were, but where the public lands
were not. You made a very large donation
of lands but a few years since, since I have
had the honor of a seat in this Chamber, to
endow colleges in all of the Stales. You
did it for the promotion of that which was
unnecessary, or you did it for the pKomotion
of that which you deemed to be necessary.
I think it was the judgment of Congress that
education was necessary, and that that was
the reason which induced them to make that
donation.
Not less important than education is the home-
stead-
is the fifth proposition—
which must be secured to the freerlmen, so that at
least every head of a family may have a piece of
land.
If T desired to dissent from any proposition
in these resolutions, it would be upon this—
not that I am disposed to deny that a home-
stead is necessary—but I cannot agree that a
homestead is as necessary as education. A
homestead is necessary for the comfort and
the well-being of every American citizen, and
your laws should, and if I am not mistaken
your laws do, provide that every American cit-
izen may have a homestead, and may have a
homestead upon the same terms. I am not
prepared to say that any further legislation is
necessary in this behalf. I am not prepared
to say that your present laws do not afford all
the facilities to the American people for ob-
taining homesteads that you can properly
afford them. I am inclined to think they do.
I do not know just now what further legisla-
tion in that direction is required ; but I assent
to the truth of the proposition that a home-
stead is necessary.
The fourth resolution declares—
That all these requirements are in the nature of
guarantees to be exacted by Congress, without which
the United States will not obtain that security for
the future which is essential to a just reconstruc-
tion.
If they are essential, as I have endeavored
to show, and as I think no man has denied, to
the national welfare, then it follows as a mat-
ter of course that they are essential to a just
reconstruction ; for if we are to have a recon-
struction at all we only want that kind of
reconstruction which will secure, and best
secure, the national welfare.
But it is said that this is an exhibition of bad
faith on the part of Congress ; and it was upojj
that point that I desired more particularly to
speak. I did not feel particularly called upon
to defend the self evident propositions, as I
regard them, contained in these preceding reso-
lutions ; but I did wislito repudiate the allega-
tion that we were guilty of had faith if we
declared our assent to these. What faith have
we pledged to anybody ? When did we plight
that faith? That this militates against any-
