1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
71
thing contained in the rffcent enactment I do
deny. That we have ever contracted with the
people in any one of those districts to any
end whatever I deny. We have' declared in
the recent enactment two or three things:
first, that the organizations under which they
now exist are illegal and inefficient; secondly,
that they mus't strip themselves of all pretense
ol .State rights and State prerogatives; thirdly,
that .they must be subjected from that time
forward to the power of the Government of
the United States of America. But we have
in the next place declared that in a certain
way they may proceed to regain the character
of States, and to regain the right of represent-
ation in these Hulls. We have not told them
that, at any particular time, nor that upon any
particular and specified terms, these great priv-
ileges and prerogatives shall be conceded to
them again. We have told them certain things
that they must do before they can reacquire
these rights and prerogatives. We did not
attempt to tell thetn all they should do. We
have told them that among other things they
must do this : they must remodel those instru-
ments of government which they call their
Stale constitutions. How? By a new con-
vention. How to be elected? By the whole
body of the people. What must that consti-
tution contain we have not told them. Some
things we have told them it must contain ; but
then the whole right and the whole authority
of Congress over the subject we have reserved,
since we have required them to submit the con-
stitution, whenever framed, however framed,
by whomsoever framed, to the Congress of the
United States, and not because it is approved
by the whole body of the people, but only when
it shall be approved by the Congress of the
United States do we hold out to them the
promise of being readmitted to these Halls.
Now then, Mr. President, I say for one I do
not care, what though the whole body of the
people of South Carolina may be summoned
to the choice of members of a convention to
frame a new constitution for that community,
what though that constitution shall decree suf-
frage to the whole body of her people forever,
it 1 find any clause in that constitution when it
shall be exhibited to me, if I should happen to
hold a seat here, which shall militate against
any right of any portion or class of her people
which shall be calculated to render the right
of suffrage nugatory and worthless to any por-
tion of her people, it will not give satisfaction
to me. This fourth resolution does not declare
that they shall be excluded from the preroga-
tives of States until the whole body of their
people shall be educated, but it declares sub-
stantially that the right to be educated shall be
recognized ; that the right for all people in all
those communities to be educated shall be
recognized, and not that we shall wait until
education is actually conferred. But if they
should submit to me hereafter a constitution
which should shut up the common schools
from the enjoyment of a large portion of their
people, white or black, if they should show me
in any one of their organized laws a single
provision denying the right to education to
any portion of the people in those districts,
Mr. President, I should sit here until the walls
of this Capitol rotted down before I would vote
to reclothe such a community with the prerog-
atives of a State. But if they come to mc with
a constitution which throws open the school-
houses, which admits the right of poor and
rich, of white and black, to reccive that edu-
cation without which no man can be fitted for
an American citizen, I will concede to the
State of South Carolina, thus professing that
disposition, the right, and concede to her the
duty of carrying on that work of education, as
I concede it to the people of Massachusetts
and Wisconsin to-day. If they say they will
not assume that duty, if they say they will not
assume that responsibility, I shall answer them
that I will concede to them no one of the duties,
and no one of the responsibilities, and no one
of the prerogatives of an American State.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was about to move
that the Senate proeeed to the consideration of
executive business, but before submitting that
motion I will ask to have the bill which has
come from the House of Representatives and
is now on the table taken up and referred.
HOUSE BILl REFERRED.
The bill (II. It. No. 33) supplementary to
an act entitled "An act to provide for the more
efficient government of the rebel States,"
passed March 2, 1867, and to facilitate resto-
ration, was read twice by its title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move thatthatbill be
referred to fhe Committee on the J udiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion for a few moments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This discussion may
take all day, and I am anxious to do the busi-
ness of this session.
Mr. GRIMES, (to Mr. Sumner.) Somebody
else will want to reply to you.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly; and we shall
not get through in a month the way we are
going on.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
withdraw his motion for a few moments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would certainly with-
draw it for a few minutes, but I can see that
this is an interminable discussion; and for
one I am anxious to do the business neces-
sary to be done, to get it out of the way. I
must, therefore, insist on my motion.
Mr. SUMNER. The question is now on
going into executive session.
Mr. GRIMES. Is that debatable?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks it is not debatable.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly it is debatable.
Mr. TRUMBULL. To a limited extent.
Mr. SUMNER. I mean only to debate it
to a limited extent. T do not mean to trespass
on my friend. I had not intended to occupy
the attention of the Senate at any length on
this occasion. I wish, however, to congratu-
late the country and the Senate on the voice
of the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton.]
I feel personally grateful to him 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rise to a question of
order. 'The Senator from Massachusetts is not
discussing the question of going into executive
session.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon;
I am.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I make the point of
order that a discussion in reference to con-
gratulating the Senator from Indiana on the
question of reconstruction has nothing to do
with the question of going into executive ses-
sion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The cus-
tom has been to permit, a limited discussion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. However much the
course of the Senator from Indiana may be
approved by the Senator from Massachusetts,
we have business to attend to here, and the
Senator can offer his congratulation privately
as well as publicly.
Mr. SUMNER. I choose to express it pub-
lielv.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I choose, then, to
insist upon the point that the Senator is out
of order.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; then I shall
take the ruling of the Chair. I understand the
rules of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator under-
stands everything far better than all the rest
of us; but we have rights here and can make
our points.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. _ I believe
the custom has been to permit a limited dis-
cussion on a motion to go into executive ses-
sion, perhaps not a wide range, and I do not
profess to know exactly what the limitation is ;
but any remarks showing that it would bo im-
proper to go into executive session would of,
course be in order.
Mr. SUMNER. The question is whether
we shall go into executive session, and on
that I may assign reasons for continuing now
in public session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I submit that the Sen-
ator has no right, in assigning his reasons, to
argue a question before the Senate of general
legislation or otherwise.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not propose to argue
any question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You were beginning
to argue it.
Mr. SUMNER. The "Senator will pardon
me, I was not beginning to argue it.-
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot dignify it by
the name of argument, but you were beginning
to talk about it.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; that is another
thing. It is always iu order to make a com-
parison between the different questions before
the Senate. The question now is, Shall we go
into executive session? Then you may com-
pare the importance of that duty with the im-
portance of the other measures pending. I
have no purpose to occupy time ; but, consider-
ing that the proposition which has been under
debate was one which I had introduced myself,
I did think that I should not take any great
liberty if, before going into executive session,
I expressed my gratitude to the Senator from
Indiana for the contribution he has given to
the cause of education. I desired to.sSy that,
and I hoped that the Senate would give me
that privilege before this question was closed
to-day by going into executive session.
Mr. GRIMES. Now you have had it.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says, now I
have had it. I have had it, and I believe that
I have been in order in expressing it. I shall
not, however, proceed with the further con-
sideration of this matter, but give notice that
at the proper time, when the bill supplement-
ary to the military bill shall be before the Sen-
ate, I shall move a proposition in or3er to
secure education so far as possible in the rebel
States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Illi-
nois to proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after somo
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 12,1867.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
HEIRS OF JOllS E. BOULIGKY.
Mr. PAINE obtained the floor.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I ask unanimous
consent to make a personal explanation.
Mr. PAINE. I rose to aprivileged motion,
that is that this House adjourn, but I will with-
draw it until the gentleman from^Vermont
makes his statement.
There was no objection.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, abso-
lution was introduced yesterday by the honor-
able gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Wash-
burn"] touching the action of the last Congress
in regard to the claim of the heirs of John E.
Bouligny. I stated when I objected to the
introduction of the resolution that it was not
true ill its statement of facts. I do not wish
to be discourteous to any gentleman upon the
floor of the House, and perhaps_ it may be
inferred "from my language that I intended to
make the charge that the gentleman was
deaignedly false in his statements. I had no
such intention, and if the gentleman from
Wisconsin supposes I am capable of such dis-
courtesy I have only to assure him that he is
mistaken.
I still think that a part of the resolution was
