1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
rise in his place and say if-he can that there
was a particle of evidence produced before the
Committee on Private Land Claims to show
that JE. Bouligny was the heir of Bernard
d'Autrive, who died ninety-eight years ago,
and if there was such evidence, to state the
character of such evidence, and upon what
basis they give him one sixth part of the
claim. The House will see at a glance how
improbable it is to suppose that, allowing
Bouligny was an heir, that he would be enti-
tled to so large_ a share, for d'Autrive hav-
ing left four children who grew-up toman's
estate, it is- fair to presume that the heirs of
d'Autrive, instead of counting six at this time,
•would more likely count six hundred.
I will here state that the papers in this case
are not to be found, and for that reason I have
failed to embody certain facts in that resolu-
tion lest I should not have the proof at hand
to sustain them. If I could have got hold of
those papers I am sure that I should have
been able to make statements more startling
than any yet made in regard to this claim.
I have already said that the register and
receiver of the New Orleans land office, who
first reported in favor of this claim, stated that
it was worthless swamp land, and to the accu-
racy of that statement I can myself bear tes-
timony; and yet for this worthless swamp land,
which went to Louisiana under the swamp land
act, you propose to issue land warrants in sums
of eighty acres each, with authority to locate
the same in any State or Territory in the
Union upon the choicest lands of the Govern-
ment subject to private entry.
This was the bill which the last House
passed, and believing that they did not under-
stand the case when they passed it I offered a
resolution seeking to arrest, if possible, that
which I believed to be a great outrage and
which I now believe to be a great outrage.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Did I understand
the gentleman correctly as saying that the bill
authorizes the heirs of Bouligny to locate
land warrants on any lands not otherwise
taken up to the amount of seventy-five thou-
sand acres?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Yes, sir.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is a most
extraordinary provision.
Mr. WASHBURN, of "Wisconsin. It is, in
my judgment, the most extraordinary case that
ever came before the House. Sir, I have no
wish to trespass upon the patience of the
House; I merely wished to state the leading
points in the case. I say again that I wish
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Wood-
bridge] to state if there was any evidence
before the committee showing that John B.
Bouligny was one of the legal heirs of Ber-
nard d'Autrive, who died one hundred years
ago. He left four sons; and it is not to be
presumed that they have not multiplied, so
that in dividing this property it would not be
divided among more than six persons. It is
more reasonable to suppose, as I before said,
that if there are any heirs at all, instead of
six there may be six hundred.
Had I not been perfectly familiar with this
case, I should not have troubled the House by
anything in relation to it. Coming here now,
after an absence of six years, I did not feel like
putting myself forward in the matter. But
knowing that it was such an outrage upon the
public, I felt that I would be faithless in the
discharge of my duty if I did not bring the
matter to the attention of the House.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. PAINE. I now renew my motion that
the House adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognizes the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Woodbiudge]
as entitled to the floor.
Mr. PAINE. I merely withdrew the motion
to adjourn to allow the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Woodbridge] and the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] to make a
personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman withdrew
his motion to adjourn, and the House granted
unanimous consent for a personal explanation,
which under the rules may continue for an
hour.
Mr. PAINE. I will make this proposition,
while this debate1 may be very interesting, in-
asmuch as there is no question before the
House, it can be only fruitless and profitless.
I therefore' propose that the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Woodbridge,] with the unan-
imous consent of the House, allow the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] to in-
troduce the joint resolution which he proposed
yesterday, forbidding the Secretary of the In-
terior from executing a law which it is com-
plained here is fraudulent.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I cannot consent to
that.
Mr. PAINE. After the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Woodbridge] shall have con-
cluded his remarks, I suppose my motion will
be in order.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] obtains the floor after
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Wood-
bridge] resumes his seat, it will be in order
for him to move an adjournment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would inquire of
the Chair what business there is before the
House.
' The SPEAKER. The first business in order
will be the call of committees for reports;
which the Chair supposes will be very few, if
any. When that call shall have been con-
cluded, the morning hour business will be
exhausted, and the House can then proceed
to the consideration of business upon the
Speaker's table. When that business shall
have been concluded, the call of States for
resolutions will be resumed.
Mr. DAWES. I would inquire of the Chair
if under the call of States for resolutions the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburx]
can then introduce his joint resolution ?
The SPEAKER. He can.
Mr. DAWES. And if a majority of the
House agree with the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Washburn] in the importance of
the measure which he advocates, they can re-
fuse to adjourn until the call of States for reso-
lutions is concluded.
The SPEAKER. When the States are called
for resolutions, bills ami joint resolutions can
be introduced and passed, if they do not con-
tain appropriations, and do not give rise_ to
debate; and debate can be stopped by ordering
the previous question.
Mr. DAWES. And that is within the power
of a majority?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. DAWES._ Then I hope the House will
not adjourn until the call of States is so far
carried out that the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Washburn] can introduce his joint reso-
lution.
Mr. PAINE. If there is to be a call of States
for resolutions, I do not desire to have the
House adjourn now.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I cer-
tainly shall enter upon no defense of Mr. Bou-
ligny. 1 have understood that he was one of
those pure patriots who adhered to the obliga-
tions of his oath, and through all the disaft'ec-
tions attending the commencement of the late
rebellion stood by and revered the old flag.
I only regret that the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Washbtirk] should be willing to rake
up the ashes of the dead, and cast ppprobrium
and contumely upon the memory ot ^ one who
was admired for his patriotism and his fidelity
to his duty.
I objected yesterday to the introduction of
the joint resolution upon several grounds. In
the first place the bill to which it referred had
in former Congresses passed the Senate twice
by a large vote, and the House three times, after
receiving a thorough and honest investigation.
But the adjournment of Congress occurring
before the action of the two Houses could be
had in concurrence, the bill failed to become a
law until the last session of the Thirty-Ninth
Congress.
The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Wash-
bob*?] for some reason' which I cannot com-
prehend was so anxious and eager to defeat
the measure which has three times received the
sanction of this House, that before he took his
seat in the present Congress he forwarded a
letter to a member from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine,]
which was handed to a member of the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, [Mi. Hotch-
mss,] charging that the claim was groundless
and should not receive a favorable considera-
tion. Why, sir, even in the Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress, the committee of which the gentleman
[Mr. Washburn] was himself a member, re-*
ported a bill sustaining the claim, and the
House granted the relief prayed for.
And now, sir, just after the passage of the
bill by an overwhelming majority, the gentle-
man presents a resolution not only refecting
upon the action of the House and the Sen-
ate, but casting unjust aspersions upon the
respective committees which gave it their care-
ful, candid, and deliberate consideration. In
justification of the House committee, I have
only to say that the measure received the ap-
probation of Mr. Thayer, of Pennsylvania, its
chairman, who, as a lawyer, was in my judg-
ment second to no one of that profession in
the Thirty-Ninth Congress; of Mr. Hotchkiss,
of New York, who was one of the acknowl-
edged guardians of the Treasury, and scented
fraud as the hound scents the stag; of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr, ] the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Hayes,] and the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Baeer,] and of the
other members of the committee, none of whom
would, even in the judgment of the gentleman
from Wisconsin, report favorably upon a meas-
ure without deliberate investigation, or be easily
imposed upon by false and fraudulent repre-
sentations.
Mr. Baker and Mr. Hayes rose.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I yield first to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Hayes.]
Mr. HAYES. Mr. Speaker, I understood
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Wood-
bridge] to say that I concurred with other
members of the committee in reporting favor-
ably upon the measure to which he alludes.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I retract the state-
ment if I am mistaken.
Mr. HAYES. The gentleman is in error.
The committee was called together to consider
this matter during, I thinly the last week of
the last session. The majority of the commit-
tee had examined the matter, and were ready
to vote in favor of the measure. Two mem-
bers of the committee, the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Baker] and myself, had had no
opportunity to examine it. The papers were
very voluminous. The case was one requir-
ing a good deal of investigation ; and my rec-
ollection is very distinct that the gentleman
from Illinois, as well as myself, declined at
that time to take any part in deciding the case.
We had 110 opportunity to make such an ex-
amination as was required in order to form an
intelligent judgment. But- a majority of the
committee having examined the case, the
chairman, as I understood, was authored to
report as the opinion of the majority that the
measure ought to pass.
The papers, it is said by the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Washburx,] cannot be found.
I recollect that on that occasion I was not able
to get the papers for examination, because
another member of the committee desired them
for the same purpose. I will state further that,
after coming out of the committee, I went to
the Law Library and found the case referred
to by the gentleman from Wisconsin. I read
it hastily, and the impression it made upon my
mind corresponded precisely with the state-
ment embraced in the resolution presented by
the gentleman from Wisconsin. 1 went to the
chairman of the committee and said that such
was the impression made upon my mind ; but
the majority of the committee had decided the
matter, and I could do nothing. I did not
know till I saw the statement in the papers
that the measure had been callcd up and
