74
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
passed. If my attention had been attracted
to the bill at the time of its passage I should
have stated the impression I had received from
reading the case in 15 Howard. I will say
further that my present impression is that if
the claim is a perfectly good one, as perhaps it
may be. if it will bear examination, it seems to
me right that we should, if possible, procure a
postponement of action by the Department,
and that the resolution of the gentleman from
Wisconsin, or something similar to it, should
be adopted.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I now yield to the
.gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Baker.]
Mr. BAKER. Mr. Speaker, I desire merely
to say, and I want to say it very distinctly, that
I did not concur in the favorable report of this
claim. It came before the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims late in the session ; and in
view of the complications of the claim I had
not time to investigate it and form for myself
a judgment upon its merits. A majority of the
committee, most of them I believe old mem-
bers of the committee, had, as I understood,
considered the claim, and were favorable to it.
So far as I expressed any opinion in reference
to the matter at all, I was, from the slight infor-
mation I had, inclined rather to be adverse to
the claim than otherwise.
Yet I must refer to the position of my col-
leagues on the committee with entire respect.
They examined the claim, as I supposed;
they satisfied themselves it was right; they
were in the majority, and they reported in
favor of it to the House. It had the concur-
rence. I understand, of five members of the
committee: the chairman, Mr. Thayer, who
has been properly alluded to as a most excel-
lent lawyer, and as I will add, beyond all per-
adventure a thoroughly honest man; the gen-
tleman from Vermont, [Mr. Woodbridge,] the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Hotchkiss,]
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,]
and the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Noei.l,]
making a clear majority of the committee.
[ entirely concur in what my colleague on
the committee from Ohio [Mr. Hates] has
said, that it would be well to open this matter
again, and if there is any fraud in it let the
fraud be defeated. I have no doubt if the
claim shall prove to be an unfounded one it
will be a case of mistake or imposition upon
the honest judgment of the five members who
reported in its favor. That is all I have to
eay.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. After what has been
stated by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Hayes] and the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Baker,] I can only say that the bill met with
the unanimous apnroi-al of the committee, as
I supposed, during the times that I was pres-
ent at the investigation; and inasmuch as it
was not opposed by either gentleman when
brought before the House, I believed myself
sustained in that opinion.
Sir, the bill passed the Senate after having
received the approval of the committee to
which it was referred, the whole subject having
been particularly examined by Judge HiitRis,
as en®ient for legal learning as any member
of thai distinguished body. He told 'me per-
sonally that the matter received at his hands
a most thorough scrutiny and careful investi-
gation, and that he came to the conclusion to
which the committee agreed, that the claim
was just. It commended itself to the favora-
ble consideration of the whole committee, and
was passed by the Senate by a large majority.
It came to this House and received the care-
ful consideration of your committee.
As to myself, sir, I coufess that during a
portion of the investigation I was engaged
upon the Committee on the Judiciary, and was
riot able to be present. To a considerable
extent I received the statement of the chair-
man of the committee as to the proofs before
the committee, and arrived at the conclusion
that the claim was right and just, and author-
ized the chairman to report me in favor of the
passage of the bill.
it does seem to me ihat it is a reflection upon
the House and upon the committee that now,
just after the bill has passed, charges of cor-
ruption in the claim, or of fraud in its present-
ation, should be preferred, and more particu-
larly when it has three' times received the
sanction of the House and twice that of the
Senate. To have the measure again com-
mitted for examination is a practical denial
of justice, or at least an unwarrantable delay
in answering the prayer of your petitioners.
The widow and her children have been.year
after year pressing this claim, and now that it
has been settled by the deliberate judgment
of Congress I think it unwise and unjust to
send it back to a committee for further inves-
tigation. I think there should be some credit
and faith given to the judgment of men ap-
pointed to investigate a case of this character ;
and nnless the House believe the committee
has been corrupt the resolution ought not to
pass. There should be an end to this matter
one way or the other, and inasmuch as I
believe the claim to be a just one I certainly
am opposed and shall be opposed to the intro-
duction of a resolution which refers it back to
the Committee on Private Land Claims or to
any other committee of this House.
If it is in order I will now yield a very few
moments to my friend from Indiana [Mr.
Kerr] for explanation of the course of the
committee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana will have to ask the consent of the House.
Is there objection?
Mr. PAINE. How long a time does the
gentleman desire? I have no objection to his
taking ten minutes.
Mr. KERR. I do not wish to occupy more
than ten minutes.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no ob-
jection.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I do not propose
to discuss the propriety or impropriety of the
adoption of this resolution, nor do I intend to
oppose the further investigation of this claim.
1 have no pride of opinion in the case at all.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I rise to a point of order.
Is it in order for the gentleman from Indiana
to desert this side of the House and go over to
the rebels? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. To go over to the rebels
would certainly be out of order. [Laughter.]
But the Chair understands the point which the
gentleman from Wisconsin makes to be that
the gentleman from Indiana must speak from
his seat or from the Clerk's desk.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I withdraw it.
Mr. KERR. I will say to my friend that I
am at least in the midst of those who claim to
be loyal men. [Laughter.]
As I was saying, I have no pride of opinion
in regard to the result of the investigation of
our committee. We are liable, it is true, as
are all committees in legislative bodies, to be
imposed upon or misled. But I desire to say
this : that in the investigation of this case by
the late Committee on Private Land Claims,
we approached the consideration of it with that
desire to reach afair result that should charac-
terize the action of every committee of this
House. We had not'much time in which to
investigate the case. It came to us from the
Senate at a late day of the session. It came
to us indorsed by the action of the Senate, and
particularly by the able report and argument
of J udge Harris, chairman of the Senate com-
mittee.
So far as'I am personally concerned, I will
say that I examined the case fully, not only in
the light of the records placed before me, but
also' in the light of the opinions of other Con-
gressmen ; for I find the imports made hereto-
fore on this same subject, without a single
exception I believe, favorable to this claim,
not only on the ground of its general fairness
and equity, but of its entire justice. Now, I
say without hesitation that, in making up my
own judgment as a member of the committee,
I was controlled a great deal by the opinions
ofthose gentlemenivho have hitherto examined
the case, and especially by the opinions of the
late chairman of the committee in the Senate,
knowing him as I do, and as every lawyer on
this floor does, to be a jurist of the very highest
rank in our country, and to be a gentleman
not surpassed in purity of character or upright-
ness of purpose. The case referred to in 15
Howard does not affect the merits of this claim,
but only decides that the court had no juris-
diction to decide the case.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. With the
gentleman's permission I will say that I in-
tended not the slightest imputation upon the ac-
tion of the committee. I think their error was
in adopting the report made by General Hind-
man. And I desire to put to the gentleman
from Indiana the same question I put to the
gentleman from Vermont,_ namely: where is
there any evidence m that report or elsewhere
to show that John 'E. Bouligny was the heir of
Bernard d'Autrive, who died one hundred
years ago ; and if there is any such evidence,
what is the character of the proof? The gen-
tleman from Vermont could not answer that
question, and I now put it to the gentleman
from Indiana as a member of the committee.
Mr. KERR. • The gentleman from Wiscon-
sin has referred to a report made upon this
claim by General Hindtnan, and has suggested
the possibility of an error being made by our
committee in adopting that report. _ Now, I
desire to say in this connection, in justice to
the committee, that this is the first time in my
life that I ever heard of that report. It was
never fhentioned in my hearing during any
investigation by our committee.
Mr. VVASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Did the
gentleman hear my remark when I stated.that
the report, though made by Mr. Ilindman,
was submitted to the House in his absence by
Mr. Noell, of Missouri?
Mr. KERR. Still my remark is true that
the committee knew nothing of that report so
far as I am aware.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. They
refer constantly to that report made by Mr.
Noei.l.
Mr. KERR. The gentleman from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Washburn] has called for the evi-
dence which was called before our committee.
Well, as a lawyer I have only this to say, that
I think I could state the evidence in two hours,
if it were the pleasure of the House to give me
that time in which to do it; but I have not time
to do it tc-day. The evidence was voluminous
and complicated.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I would
ask the gentleman to state if there was any
evidence before the committee that John E.
Bouligny was one of the heirs of Bernard
d'Autrive.
Mr. KERR. I answer that question sim-
ply by saying yes ; it is the only answer I can
make to it. I have not time now to detail the
evidence.
Now, a word in reference to another point
suggested by the gentleman from Wisconsin,
which was, that the favorable action of the
House on the claim of the Bouligny heirs
validates the claims of all the other heirs
who claim a portion of this land. Let me
say in reference to that point, that so far as
all the other claimants are concerned, our
committee always understood that they were
not in such a relation to the Government of
the United States that they could ever prefer
such claims against the Government; in other
words, they were represented as having been
engaged in the rebellion, and had thus de-
prived themselves of any claim they might
otherwise set up against the Federal Govern-
ment.
So far, then, as that part of the case is con-
cerned, I submit that the action of the House
in the Bouligny case was a final settlement in
regard to this whole matter, and I have noth-
ing further to say upon the subject.
Mr. PAINE. I ought, perhaps, to state to
the House why it was that the letter sent to
me by my present colleague, Mr. Washburn,
on this subject was not presented to the House
when this bill passed. The reason was this:
