1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ft
with, regard to the way and manner in which
the election was held; which was referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of H.
McKinney, praying payment of a balance
alleged to be due on a contract with Captain
George B. Hibbard, assistant quartermaster,
dated December 24, 1864, for the delivery of
ten thousand cords of wood on the banks of the
Cumberland river, near Nashville, Tennessee ;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Charles C.
O'Neil, praying payment of a balance alleged
to be due on a contract made with Captain
George B. Hibbard, assistant quartermaster,
dated December 24, 1864, for the delivery of
ten thousand cords of wood on the banks of the
Cumberland river, near Nashville, Tennessee;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the memorial of
Elizabeth K. Spurrier, guardian and represent-
ative of the children of the late Surgeon Henry
L. Heiskell, United States Army, praying the
passage of an - act authorizing the Paymaster
General to pay to them the difference of pay,
including commutation, which the said Surgeon
Heiakcll received while acting as Surgeon Gen-
eral of the Army, and that of the pay of Sur-
geon General, United States Army ; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. CRAGIN presented the petition of Abi-
gail Richards, widow of Liberty Eichards, late
a private in company C, thirteenth regiment
New Hampshire volunteers, praying to be
allowed a pension, and that she may be
allowed an increase of pension for her three
•minor children ; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present the petition of
Sister Xavier and Sister de Sales, Sisters of
Mercy at Charleston, South Carolina, praying
for relief. They represent that as trustees
they were conducting a charitable institution
in the city of Charleston, South Carolina,
where one hundred and ten orphan children
were being educated; that during the war they
maintained and sustained a great many Unioh
soldiers, and bestowed much care upon them.
They represent that during the bombardment
of Charleston the great body of their buildings
were destroyed by the fire from our guns.
They represent that the institution was purely
charitable, and they ask for aid in rebuilding
the buildings which were destroyed. The ap-
plication is supported by letters from a num-
ber of Union officers and soldiers, among
others from several who were maintained and
cared for by these Sisters during the time they
were held as prisoners of war by the rebels.
If any case can be presented to induce Con-
gress to grant relief to any claimants who suf-
fered in this way this is one. I move that the
petition be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think that applica-
tions for payment for damages in consequence
of the war ought to go to some one committee,
which should consider them, and be governed
bj; some principle. If they go to various com-
mittees of the Senate we may be involved in
difficulty. 1 suggest, therefore, that this peti-
tion be referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILSON. I will state that, on consul-
tation with several members of the Committee
on Military Affairs, I find it to be the sense of
the committee that we shall not take up and
consider any one of these private claims, how-
ever they may come to us, even though they
be referred by the Senate, but that in such
cases we shall report them back and have
them sent to the Committee on Claims, so as
to have a uniform systeni.
Mr. GRIMES. In this connection I trust
that it will be the understanding of the Senate
that we sliall go back to what used to be the
uniform practice of the body from the founda-
tion of the Government until within the last
three or four years, of setting aside under our
rules—for it is a standing rule of the body, but
has not been observed the last three years—
each Friday as private bill day, -when the mat-
ters relating to the private interests of citizens
will be- transacted, and nothing else. The
system that has prevailed during the last session
I think it is obvious to everybody is a v^ery bad
one ; that is, selecting some evening upon which
we will transact pension business; another
evening on which we will attend to small naval
affairs, and another evening upon which we
will attend to private claims. Very frequently
only those come here at such evening' sessions
who are interested in a particular class of
cases; while if we have them all entered on
the Private Calendar, and a day regularly
assigned for their consideration, Senators who
are interested in particular claims, or who have
investigated them, will be here to look after
the cases which have been intrusted to their
particular consideration and reported back to
the Senate. The committee of which I am a
member have determined that they will con-
sider no private cases during this Congress,
but that if any such cases are referred to them
they will report them to the Senate, and have
them committed to the Committee on Claims;
and I trust that will be the uniform practice
of the Senate.
The petition was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
PAPERS "WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED,
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of William J. Black-
istone, praying for compensation for services under
an appointment of a special agent of the Treasury
rendered as Board of Trade for a part of St. Mary's
county, Maryland, from January 1,1883, to April 15,
1865, bo taken from the files of the Senate, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the JTew England
Emigrant Aid Company, praying indemnification for
the destruction of property at Lawrence, Kansas, May
21, 1856, be taken from the files of the Senate, and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That the petition and accompanying
papers of Caleb Lyon be taken from the files, and
referred to the Committee on Claims:
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That the Chillicotte hand of Shawnee
Indians have leave to withdraw their petition pre-
sented March 14, 1864.
REPORTS.OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 25) to make valid the
laws of New Mexico passed at the session of
the Legislature, held at Santa F6 from the 3d
day of December, I860, to the 31st of Janu-
ary, 1867, reported it without amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 13) conferring upon territorial courts
jurisdiction under the act to establish a uni-
form system of bankruptcy, have instructed
me to report it back adversely, the committee
being of the opinion that the law as passed
sufficiently confers jurisdiction upon the courts
in the Territories for that purpose. I move
the indefinite postponement of the joint reso-
lution.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 18) for the sale of
certain stocks held in trust, for the Choctaw
and Chickasaw Indians, reported it with an
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No.
14) to provide for the payment of the claim of
Martha A. Estill, administratrix of the estate
of James M. Estill, deceased, Redrick McKee,
and Pablo del a Pobla, deceased, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Claims;
which was agreed to.
NIAGARA SHIP-CANAL.
Mr. MORGAN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce to report back the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 26) providing for
the necessary surveys for a ship-canal between
Lake Erie and Lake Ontarip, for military,
naval, and commercial purposes, and I ask for
its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of War to
cause surveys, with plans and estimates Of cost,
to be made by an officer of engineers, for a
ship-canal to connect Lakes Erie and Ontario,
or the navigable waters thereof, of suitable
location and dimensions for military, naval,
and commercial purposes, the -expense to be
defrayed from the sums appropriated in the
acts of June 23, 1866, and March 2, 1807, for
examinations and surveys relating to the im-
provement of harbors and rivers on the north-
western lakes.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
DIRECT TAX COMMISSIONERS.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bo
instructed to inform the Senate how many persona
are now in office under the act for the collection of
direct taxes in insurrectionary districts, and for other
purposes, approved July 7,1862, and the acts amend-
atory thereof, and what amount of salaries are paid
them; also, whether the services of such officers, or
some of them, may not be dispensed with without
detriment to the public service; and whether any
taxes are now being collected through their instru-
mentality.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 57) in relation to treaties with Indian
tribes; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
58) to arch Tiber creek north of Pennsylvania
avenuewhich was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 59) to create the office of surveyor general
and establish a land office in the Territory of
Utah, and for other purposes; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 60) to change the name of the steamer
Paonshun ; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 27) to authorize the leasing
of certain real estate in San Francisco; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. YATES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 61) to provide for a district and a circuit
court of the United States for the district of
Nebraska, and for other purposes; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unauimoua
consent obtained, leave to.introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 28) to reduce the mil-
itary reservation at Port Sanders, Dakota, and
Port Bridger, Utah ; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, the bill (S.
No. 32) to amend and simplify the acts relat-
ing to the Metropolitan police of the District
of Columbia, was ordered to be printed.
SUPPLEMENTARY RECONSTRUCTION BILL.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom %as referred the bill (H,
R. No. 33) supplementary to an act to pro-
vide for the more efficient government of the
rebel States, passed March 2, 1867, and to
facilitate restoration, have instructed ma to
