78
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
report the bill back to the Senate with an
amendment in the nature of a substitute; and
I would ask that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the bill at this time. The
substitute has been printed and laid upon the
tables of Senators so that it can be understood.
There is some little verbal alteration in the
report of the committee from the printed sub-
stitute, which will be understood as it is read.
I trust the Senate will consider it at once.
Mr. HOWARD. This bill is one of great
importance, and I should be very glad to see
it in print.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will inform the_ Sen-
ator that it is in print, and has been, or will be,
laid on the table of every Senator.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Senator
from Illinois had better let it go over until
to-morrow. I want to look at it carefully.
Mr. SUMNER. It is a very important bill,
and I want to consider it carefully before I am
called upon to vote on it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I doubt whether we can
get a vote upon it in a moment, so that there
will be time to consider it before we come to a
vote. Of course one objection puts it over;
but I think it desirable that we should proceed
to consider this measure at as early a period
of time as possible. The bill is in print, and
the committee took some pains to have the
amendment which we propose to it printed,
and if it has not been laid on the tables of
Senators it has been received, and can be laid
on the tables of Senators in a moment. I think
we shall gain time by proceeding to its consid-
eration now. If, however, any Senator objects,
of course we cannot do it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill on the
day it is reported.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will call
it up after a while, when the morning business
has been disposed of, I do not think there will
be any objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
the bill?
Mr. HOWARD. I object to its considera-
tion to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it lies over under the rules.
arms to tennessee.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 19) directing the Secre-
tary of War to furnish certain arms and equip-
ments to the State of Tennessee.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I object
to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It_is now
under the control of the Senate.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I wish
to confer with my colleague on this subject.
I think we can agree upon a bill that will be
satisfactory to all of us.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to take up the joint reso-
lution for consideration.
Mr. FOWLER. I will state to the Senate
the facts that induced me to introduce this res-
olution. Governor Brownlow made a request
of the Secretary of War for arms sufficient to
arm and equip two thousand or two thousand
five hundred militia. I conferred with the Sec-
retary of War on the subject, and he stated to
mc, after examining the matter carefully, that
he did not think he had sufficient authority
under the law to furnish the arms to the State
of Tennessee. The reasons stated in the pre-
amble to this resolution are the very reasons
that Governor Brownlow gave to the Secretary
of War for asking for the arms. Believing as
I do that the State needs them, and further-
more that she has a right to them, I offered
the resolution, hoping that it would meet with
no objection. At the same time I do not know
that the proposition thaf-my colleague wishes
to offer would be objected to by me. I believe
it is an amendment that he wishes to add to
the resolution.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I think
lean offer an-amendment that will be satis-
factory to my colleague.
Mr. FOWLER. I hope, though, that the
resolution will be taken up immediately. It is
not precisely certain how long Congress will be
in sessibn, and we do not want the State of
Tennessee left without consideration on this
subject j at least I wish to know what is to be
done in the matter before the Legislature of
that State adjourns.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I will
agree to take up the resolution in the morning
if that will meet the approbation of my col-
league. I think he and I can agree upon a
measure that will be satisfactory to both of us.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the ques-
tion on the motion to take up the joint resolu-
tion, and declared it not agreed to.
Mr. TIPTON. I call for a division.
Mr. WILSON. I understand that the Sen-
ator from Tennessee who introduced the reso-
lution [Mr. Fowler] is willing, at the request
of his colleague, that it shall go over until
to-morrow. I hope, therefore, we shall not
have a division upon it.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. On a
conference between nay colleague and myself, I
have no doubt we shall be able to agree upon a
measure that will be satisfactory to the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Nebraska withdraw the call for
a division?
Mr. TIPTON. I do.
moneys due colored soldiers.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 21) in reference to the
collection and payment of moneys due colored
soldiers, sailors, and marines, or their heirs.
The motion was agreed to ; and the joint res-
olution was read a second time and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that all checks and Treasury cer-
tificates to be issued in the settlement of claims
for pay, bounty, prize money, or other moneys
due to colored soldiers, sailors, or marines, or
their legal representatives now residing, or who
may have resided, in any State in which slavery
existed in the year 1860, the claim for which
has been pr may be prosecuted by an agent
or attorney, shall be made payable to the
Commissioner of the Freedmen's Bureau, who
is to pay the agent or attorney his lawful
fees and expenses, and deposit the balance to
his own credit, with a list of the names,and
post office addresses of the claimants, in the
Freedmen's Savings and Trust Company, or
a branch thereof, as established by law, to be
paid to the claimants on identification to the
satisfaction of the trust company holding such
deposit; the trust company to be responsible for
the payment to the proper parties, and it is to be
the duty of the Commissioner and the officers,
and agents of the Freedmen's Bureau to facili-
tate as far as possible the discovery and identi-
fication of the parties for whose benefit such
deposit was made.
The Commissioner is to cause a record to be
kept of each check and certificate received by
him, setting forth the amount, the date of
receipt, the amount paid the agent or attorney,
the balance deposited, and the date and place
of deposit, and the name and post office address
of the claimant, and is to transmit a copy of
the record to any assistant commissioner or
agent of the Freedmen's Bureau, to whom
the funds may be remitted for the purpose of
deposit; and if necessary for the more prompt
settlement of the claims, the Commissioner is
authorized to transmit the checks or certificates
to any assistant commissioner or agent of the
bureau, and to authorize him to pay the fees
and expenses to the attorney or agent, and to
deposit the balance as provided ; and it is to
be the duty of the Freedmen's Savings and
Trust Company and its several branches, at the
close of each quarter of the fiscal year, to trans-
mit to the Commissioner of the Freedmen's
Bureau detailed reports of all moneys received,
disbursed, and on hand, showing the dates of
such receipts and disbursements, and the names
and post office addresses of the parties to whom
payment has been made, and also the names
and post office addresses of the parties to whom
thfi balances unpaid are due. And in case
any claimant shall die before receiving the
amount due, or shall not be found within two
years from the date of deposit of the money, it
is to be turned over to the Freedmen's Savings
and Trust Company, to be disposed of as pro-
vided by sections ten and eleven of the act
entitled "An act to incorporate the Freed-
men's Savings and Trust Company," approved
March 3, 1865.
Mr. JOHNSON. Does that resolution come
from any committee ? Has it been referred to
a committee?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It was re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs
yesterday.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like the hon-
orable member from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
son] to make me understand it better than I
do now. It seems to me to be pregnant with
a great deal of danger.
Mr. WILSON. 1 will say to the Senator
that there is not a shadow of danger about it
in any shape or form to any human being on
earth. It will make no expense to the Gov-
ernment. It is simply to save_ these persons
from being, as they are now in many cases,
robbed or having enormous charges imposed
upon them. This resolution comes here with
the recommendation of Mr. French, the Second
Auditor, who has been very earnest for some
action on the subject all the winter. He states
that in some form or other, through mistakes
in the mails, losses, or by design, thousands
of dollars are taken from these people who are.
scattered all over the country, and he has held
back in some cases until he could find some
certain way by which the moneys that have
been passed to their credit oould get to these
persons. I have here a letter from Mr. Brod-
head, the Sccond Comptroller of the Treasury,
in which he says: "I most earnestly recotn-
mend such action," and he states that early in
the winter he assisted in framing a bill on this
subject which has never been introduced ; T do
not know why. The object of this resolution
is to prevent this money from being stolen or
lost or squandered until it reaches the proper
parties to whom the Government proposes to
pay it. It puts the money in the care of the
Freedmen's Bureau,'and it is to be deposited
in the Freedmen's Savings and Trust Company,
where it will be safe, and it points out the
mode by which it can reach these persons, so
that they will receive the money that the Gov-
ernment owes them for their services.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is this company
that we propose to make a depository of the
public money ?
Mr. WILSON. It is a freedmen's bank.
Mr. SHERMAN. A private bank ?
Mr. WILSON. It is a bank incorporated by
Congress for the freedmen two or three years
ago.
Mr. SHERMAN. A mere private institu-
tion for profit?
Mr. WILSON. For deposits of freedmen.
It is an institution gotten up by philanthropic
and benevolent gentlemen, men of intelligence
aud character and means. It is perfectly safe.
They will have the means, with the aid of the
bureau, of reaching these people and prevent-
ing them from being robbed of thousands of
dollars. The Government cannot lose a dollar
by it. Nobody will lose or can lose anything
by it, and these people to whom we vote this
money, who are entitled to this money, will
probably save tens of thousands of dollars by it.
This is all there is about it. Mr. Drodhead,
General Howard, and Mr'. French are very
earnest that this thing shall be done, because
they have found in the practical workings ol
the system, with these people scattered all oyer
the country, that thousands of dollars which
the Government pays for their services never
get into their hands at all. I believe that under
this resolution they will be enabled to receive
what is due them.
