1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
79
Mr. JOHNSON. I wonld ask my friend
from Massachusetts if the Government would .
not be liable, provided the money, after it gets
into the hands of this private association, is
not paid over to the parties entitled to it?
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator
that I do not suppose there is the shade of a
shadow of danger on that subject. The money
will be just as safe there as if it were in the-
Treasury of the United States. The managers
of this bank and its branches are receiving
deposits all over the country from the freed-
men, and they have connections in every part
of the country in regard to that matter. They
are men who have been laboring with the great-
est zeal and earnestness in l^phalf of the freed-
men, for their education, for the saving of their
money, and helping them in every way. This
institution is perfectly safe. It is now receiv-
ing deposits from the freedmen, which are
invested in Government securities. These peo-
ple are scattered up and down the country;
some of them troubled in regard to the fami-
lies who are to receive the money, who their
wives are and who their children, as it was
once suggested by the Senator from Maryland
there would be difficulty in finding out in some
cases; and this resolution puts this money into
this institution, and then the intelligence and
influence and earnestness of the Freedmen's
Bureau are to be availed of for the purpose of
getting the money into the hands of those who
have earned it. Mr. Brodhead has written a
letter here; General Howard has written a
letter here, and Mr. French has been urging
legislation on this subject all the winter for the
protection of these people.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know that any very
great degree of consistency is expected of pub-
lic men now-a-days. Certainly I do not think
we exhibit any very great degree of it.- Dur-
ing the session that has just closed we solemnly
declared by act of Congress that all the colored
men of this country have intelligence enough
and position enough and consequence enough
in the country to entitle them to the elective
franchise. We have made them citizens. We
have said nobody shall exercise guardianship
over them. And now here comes in a resolu-
tion which declares that* the Freedmen's Bu-
reau shall take possession of the property of
each one of these men; that the Bureau or its
agents shall be authorized to receive the drafts
that are issued from the Treasury Department
to them for their bounty, their pay, or their
pensions; and that under certain circum-
stances the money shall he deposited to the
credit of the Commissioner, not in a sub-
Treasury of the United States, not in a na-
tional bank, but iu the Freedmen's Savings
and Trust Company, which, so far as I know,
the Senator from Massachusetts knows no more
about the solvency of than I do; which has
made no exhibit of the condition of its affairs
either to the Senate or to Congress, or I think
to the Military Committee, and which may be,
for aught I know, no more solvent than the
bank in the neighborhood of the Senator from
Massachusetts, at Newtonsville, is to-day. and
which I suppose he would have been willing
to indorse, as all the citizens of Massachusetts
would have been willing to indorse, two weeks
ago. in equally as emphatic terms as those in
which he has indorsed this savings bank to-
day.
Mr. President, the men belonging to the
party to which the Senator from Massachusetts
and I belong have always claimed that this
class legislation was a great error, that it was
wrong, that it was wicked ; that we should not
single out one class and say that the nation
should take'the guardianship of that class to
the exclusion of another class ; that we should
not single out one class and confer upon them
a consequence which we would not confer upon
another class. I had thought and hoped that
that time had gone bv; that we were success-
ful; that we had triumphed in this regard; and
that we were to see and hear no more of class
legislation. But what is this proposition but
placing, by an act of Congress, the business
affairs of all the colored men who have been in
the Army and Navy and Marine corps of the
United States under the guardianship of the
Government and of the Freedmen's Savings
and Trust Company?
I have no doubt that wrong has been perpe-
trated on colored men in the collection of this
money. So it has on white men. I think that
Mr. Brodhead, if this resolution is to be passed
upon his recommendation, and Mr. French
could certify in equally as strong terms that
there has been swindling by agents of white
people as well as black people, and there is no
reason in the world why we should pass such a
law as this applicable to colored people and
not apply it to the white people. I think there
would be this advantage to the colored people
iu this respect: I think there is a great deal
in the suggestion thrown out by the Senator
from Maryland, that if we require this money
to be deposited in this Freedmen's Savings
Bank, and that Savings Bank shall become
bankrupt in the end, the Government would
be compelled to refund the amount of money
that was there on deposit to the credit of these
colored men, and thus pay it over the second
time. There is that advantage in the resolu-
tion to the colored men over the white men,
but no other advantage, either in principle or
in practice.
Mr. WILSON. I concur with the Senator
in the principle that we have asserted here,
labored to maintain, and have substantially
established—the principle of the equality of
men under the law of the country and before
the law of the country. Now, sir, this resolu-
tion does not affect colored men in the States
that were free before the war, for the very good
reason that everything is there organized, and
that while there are cases where soldiers, black
and white, there have been cheated by claim
agents, which we have endeavored to correct
by our legislation, yet as a rule these persons
there have an opportunity to find out the best
men and to employ them for the collection of
their claims, and I suppose nearly all the money
goes into their hands. But now how is it as a
practical fact in the old slave States ? We raised
in the State of Kentucky twenty-six or twenty-
seven thousand colored men during the war;
in the State of Missouri abouttwentythousand;
several thousand in Virginia and Maryland;
some in North Carolina, some in Louisiana,
and some in South Carolina. Those people
have scattered about; there is nobody to watch
for or take care of them ; and there are a great
many agents who are plundering them and
getting all they can out of them. It is safe
enough with us to intrust these claims to
the mails ; but who would think of intrusting
to the mails in South Carolina or a large por-
tion of the southern country the money due to
these men?
Mr. French tells us that thousands of dollars
have been filched from these people, and when
they have come here and asked to be paid it
lias been found that the moneys were paid or
lost somewhere and somehow. Mr. Brodhead
concurs in the same opinion. General Howard
has complaints of this kind from all quarters
and he has been urging me all this winter to
have something done with a view that this
money paid by the Government shall go into
the hands of the men to whom it is due. This
plan has been devised after weeks of consulta-
tion on the subject. This institution is labor-
ing in every part of this country to gather up
the little earnings of the freedmen, to educate
them, to enable them to take care of their
money ^nd acquire a little property, and it is
receiving thousands of deposits from all over
the country from these people. Its officers are
brought in contact, with them, and they have a
great opportunity to find out all these people.
They are to pay this money over, and of course
will do it, as soon as it can be done with safety,
to the proper claimants. In this way we secure
the aid of all the knowledge and skill and infor-
mation of the Freedmen's Bureau and of the
managers of this bank, who have given time
and money and everything they have to the
elevation and improvement of the freedmen.
This proposition is made for no other purpose
on earth than to provide the necessary precau-
tion so that the money paid by the Government
shall go into the hands of those to whom the
Government intends to pay- it. That -is all
there is in it.
That this institution is a solvent one I'of
course cannot certify; but I do know that the
men who are engaged in it, who came here and
•asked Congress to incorporate them, who have
been laboring in this work, are men of the
highest character, and men who are actuated
•by no other purpose than one of pure benevo-
lence and a desire to aid and elevate and im-
prove the freedmen. I should not he at all
afraid to trust liberty, life, anything I have on
earth, to those men, as far as I would to any
body of men that ever lived. Sir, I believe the
passage of this resolution will protect and save
a great many of these people from losses. They
are now subject to great losses. Disputes arise
in regard to the families of colored soldiers,
where they have died; and they can be ad-
justed more easily and better by these people,
who want to labor for their good, than by
agents who have a direct personal interest to
get out of them all they can.
Mr. HOWE. I do not know that I differ
much from the Senator from Massachusetts,
so far as he has made any statements; but I
have one qualification to make to a statement
that he has submitted, and that is, that I never
saw a body of men since I was born, and I do
not expect to see a body of men before I die,
that 1 would be willing to trust my life, my
freedom, and my property to.
Mr. WILSON. I said as far as I would to
any body of men.
Mr. HOWE. The Freedmen's Trust Com-
pany may be as much entitled, as the Senator
said, as any other body of men, but there is
no body of men who are entitled to it. Mr.
President, these moneys which are alluded to
in this resolution are due to certain individuals,
and your Government never- discharges that
debt until the money is paid to those individ-
uals. If they have not sense enough to take
care of it themselves they ought to put it into
some trust company, or to make some men or
some body of men their trustee or their guard-
ian for the disposition of this money ; and if
they have not sense enough to choose a guard-
ian, you, in the work of restoration of recon-
struction down there ought to provide some
form of government under which the fitness
of these individuals to take care of their own
money can be tried and determined. You
have such tribunals in all your communities.
Where a man is a spendthrift, where he is
shiftless, where he is worthless, where he is
unfitted to be trusted with the care of his own
property, there are tribunals authorized to
determine that fact and to appoint a guardian
for such a person ; but you have no tribunal
on the face of the earth that ought to be clothed
with the authority to take a whole class and
doom them to the guardianship of anybody,
and especially to doom them to the guardian-
ship of one incorporated company. That is
what this resolution proposes to do; nothing
short of that. I certainly cannot vote for it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The object of this resolu-
tion seems to" be well enough. It is to secure
to the freedmen the moneys due to them by
the law. My objection to the resolution is,
that it proposes to make as a public depositary
a corporation over which we have no control,
not even the right of visitation. So remark-
able a proposition as that I think ought to re-
ceive very grave consideration. This company
with which it is now proposed to deposit the
public money, was incorporated by an act of
Congress, which I hold in my hand, passed on
the 3d of March, 1865, entitled "An act to in-
corporate the Freedmen's Saving and Trust
Company." It is an ordinary company, with a
president, secretary, &c., authorized to receive
deposits. It is simply a deposit bank. It is
authorized to loan two thirds of its deposits on
Government securities, and may loan the other
