80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
third as the directors see proper. The salaries
of the president, secretary, and other officers
are fixed by the trustees. Congress have no
power or control over it.
The Senator says that the present managers
are hoiforable and honest men. What surety
have we that they will continue to be honest
and honorable in all time, or that they will not
be changed ? It is now a mere trust company;
and it is proposed to take all the money that is
due to all the freedmen of the South, whether
they will it or not, and deposit it with this
company, place it to the credit of the Commis-
sioner of the Freedmen's Bureau, payable to
his order, and make it the interest of this com-
pany to keep it in their hands as long as possi-
ble without payment to the freedmen. It seems
to me it is a proposition that we ought not to
tolerate.
I would have no objection to the passage of
a bill that would require this money to be paid
through the Freedmen's Bureau or through
the disbursing officers of the Army. I see
the practical difficulty in reaching the persons
entitled tp the money, and that agents and
attorneys may get hold of the drafts, collect
them, and probably not pay over to these
colored men who are ignorant of their rights
all that is due to them ; but if so, they ought
to be guarded by disbursing officers of the
Army, who are under bonds, who give seeui-ity.
We do not deposit the public money with a
national bank without ample security, and
certainly we ought not to deposit it with a mere
trust company, a mere private association,
without ample security. That is the objection
I have to the resolution.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is the resolutions offered
by the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum-
ner,] declaring certain further guarantees
required in the reconstruction of the rebel
States. .
Mr. WILSON". I hope that they will lie over
informally for a few moments.
Mr. CONNESS. Oh, 110, not informally;
let them lie over eternally.
Mr. WILSON. I will not object if they are
laid over eternally or any other way. I simply
ask that they lie over informally in order that
we may finish this joint resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts moves that these reso-
lutions lie over informally.
Mr. CONNESS. • I object to that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understood that those
resolutions were laid upon the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They were
taken up again, on motion, yesterday.
Mr. CONNESS, I object to their lying over
informally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made the resolutions are before the
Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire those resolutions
to be disposed of one way or the other.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senator to allow
me to finish this joint resolution.
Mr. CONNESS. Ihave no objection to that.
Mr. WILSON. But it is manifest if we go
on with these other resolutions "they will lead
to a debate, and we shall not be able to dispose
of this joint resolution or anything else to-day.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to lay them on the
table. If any Senator desires to discuss them
hereafter wo can take them off the table, and
I will vote that way.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California moves to lay on the table
the resolutions of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Sumxeb.]
The motion was agreed (o.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Senate
joint resolution No. 21 is before the Senate
as in the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator
from Ohio that this is a simple question whether
this money shall be paid into the hands of claim
agents all over the eountry, or whether it shall
go into the care of the Commissioner of tho
Freedmen's Bureau, in order to guaranty its
reaching the persons to whom it is due. The
bank is simply to be used as a place of deposit,
the bank being able to aid in this work. These
claims come to the Treasury Department
through agents. The law fixes the amount to
be received. The money generally is delivered
over to the agents; and sometimes it reaches
the persons for whom it is intended, and some-
times it does not; it is lost in some way. Now,
take the case of a man down in the interior of
South Carolina, who was enlisted and served
in our armies and is entitled to bounty. He
makes a claim on the Government through an
agent; the claim is prosecuted by the agent;
and then this resolution provides that the money
shall not be paid to the agent by the Govern-
ment, but that the amount of his fees which
are fixed by law shall be paid to him, and the
rest of the money turned over to the care of the
Commissioner of the Freedmen's Bureau and
deposited in this bank; and then the bureau
will ascertain who is the proper person entitled
to the money, and will sec that the proper indi-
vidual gets it. It is a simple question of safety
so far as the Government is concerned. It is
done to aid those for whom the money is in-
tended.
Mr. GRIMES. Let me ask the Senator a
question. Suppose that in the State of which
I am a citizen there are two thousand or three
thousand colored men who were citizens of
Missouri, Arkansas, or Kentucky in- 1860, the
time fixed by this resolution; how are they,
now living in Iowa, under the provisions of
this resolution to get their money?
Mr. WILSON. If they live in Iowa it does
not affect them.
Mr. GRIMES. It certainly does, because
the language is that all checks or certificates
issued for moneys " due to colored soldiers,
sailors, or marines, or their legal representa-
tives, now residing, or who may have resided,
in any State in which slavery existed in the
year 1860" shall be paid over to this bank.
Mr. WILSON. It is intended to apply to
cases where the person himself does not apply
personally.. Where he does he gets the money,
of course. I venture to say there never will
be a case from Iowa that will go through this
bank.
Mr. GRIMES. Then the officers will not
administer the law if this be enacted.
Mr. WILSON. The object is to reach per-
sons who live in the southern Slates, most of
whom cannot read and write, and are there-
fore liable to be imposed upon.
Now, I will say to all those Senators who
are making opposition to the passage of this
joint resolution that I have no more interest in
it than anybody else : but I have been applied
to repeatedly during the winter to sccure some
action on the subject. General Howard, Mr.
French, and Mr. Brodhead, who know all
about these things practically, are pressing it
as a matter of equity, that Congress shall take
some action in the premises. I introduced the
subject, and it was brought before the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and reported upon.
I should be very glad to have the resolution
passed as reported, because I have come to
the conclusion, though with a great deal of
reluctance, that it is necessary to make this
provision for the safety and protection of these
people.
Mr. HENDERSON. I really do not know
what amount of practical difficulty is expe-
rienced upon this subject; but as the represent-
ative of some fifteen or twenty thousand negroes
who were in the Army from my State I desire
to enter my protest against the passage of this
resolution. I have never yet heard of any com-
plaint in that State against the agents employed
by the negroes in the collection of their claims;
and I desire to state, for the information of the
Senator from Massachusetts, that he is sadly
mistaken in regard to the qualifications of the
negroes to look out for their own interests. I
would just as lief think of providing that the
amount of bounty and back pay due the white
soldiers should be deposited in this bank as that
due to the black soldiers of my State. I do not
know whether they are so sharp in other States
in looking out for their interests. It may be
that they are much better qualified in my State
than elsewhere ; but I doubt that. My impres-
sion is that the negroes understand their rights
as weli as anybody; and I protest against the
idea that we must be eternally legislating for
the negro in order to protect his interest and
regarding him as a ward of the Government.
All we need do is to confer upon him the rights,
civil and political, that we confer upon other
men, and then I guaranty that the negro will
take care of himself; and so far as his money
rights are concerned he will look out for them
with the same diligence and the same care that
white men do.
As was properly said by the Senator from
Ohio, we organized a few years ago a com-
pany to do a banking business, and now the
proposition is made that there be a forced
deposit in that bank of all the moneys due by
the Government to the negroes of the entire
country. I should like to know from the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts whether that bank
has been organized at all or not.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly it has been or-
ganized, and it has a large amount of money
on hand.
Mr. HENDERSON. Where is it organized?
Mr. WILSON. Here in this city, and it has
two or three branches. It has several hundred
thousand dollars of money on deposit.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not know where
these branches are. The bank, the Senator
tells me, is organized in the District of Colum-
bia. There is no branch of it in my State that
I know of; and so far as honesty and fidelity
are concerned, I would as soon trust the
agents in the State of Missouri to deliver over
the money to the freedmen as to trust the offi-
cers of this bank, however high they may be in
public estimation. I have no doubt^ of _ the
integrity of the corporators of that institution;
but at the same time I have as little doubt of
the integrity of the gentlemen who are engaged
in procuring back pay and bounty for the sol-
diers, white and black, in my State; and I
protest against forcing the freedmen's money
into this bank as a deposit and then compel-
ling the freedmen to prove their identity to the
officers of the bank before they can obtain
their money. That identity is already proved
before the agent. And let me assure the Sen-
ator that it is not so easy for agents in any
section of the country to defraud negroes or
white men. They expect, as other men, to
live ;' they expect to live by their labor,_ by
their profession. It is known not only by the
individual who intrusts business to them, but
generally by his neighbors and friends, and
frequently by the entire community, that that
particular case is intrusted to him; and in
order to sccure fidelity and strict and honest
dealing, my opinion is that we had better leave
this business where it is.
Mr. DIXON. I should be obliged to the
Senator from Massachusetts if lie wguld ex-
plain more fully one remark which ho made,
which I perhaps misunderstood. I under-
stood Irim to say that it was well known that
it was not «afe to send money through the
mails in the southern States to the persons
mentioned in this joint resolution.
Mr. WILSON. What I meant, to say was
this: everybody knows that the mails in the
South have been exceedingly irregular, and a
great many letters have been lost. I have had
occasion to send to and receive from that sec-
tion of the country small sums of money, and
I should never think of putting them in the
mail as I would in case they were to go to
New York or Boston. I do .not mean that it
is because there is not proper effort to secure
regularity there. 1 know the mails are im-
proving in that respect in that section of coun-
try. Then there is another thing to be con-
sidered, that these people who cannot read
and write are easily imposed upon.
