82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
imous consent. The joint resolution will lie
over under the rules.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVAL OF BILLS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Moore, his Secretary, an-
nounced that he had approved and signed, on
the 12th instant, the following bill and joint
resolutions;
A bill (S. No. 31) to amend an act entitled
' 'An act to amend an act entitled 'An act to
incorporate a National Asylum for the relief of
the totally disabled officers and men of the
volunteer forces of the United States,' " ap-
proved March 21, 1866;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 2) supplement-
ary to other joint resolutions to enable the
people of the United States to participate in
the advantages of the Universal Exhibition at
Paris in 1867 ; and
A joint- resolution (S. R. No. 6) extending
the time for the completion of the improve-
ment of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness ; and after nearly four hours spent in exec-
utive session, the doors were reopened, and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 13,1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
Prayer by Rev. Joseph T. Cooper, D. D.,
of Philadelphia.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
WITHDRAWAL 0? PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. SAWYER, by unanimous
consent, the papers in the case of A. Grant
were withdrawn from the files of the House.
EQUALIZATION OF BOUNTIES.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented concurrent resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Indiana, in regard to the equalization
of bounties ; which were ordered to be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, when
appointed, and printed.
MEMORIALS FROM NEW MEXICO.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
presented the following memorials from the
Legislature of the Territory of New Mexico:
Memorial asking for increase of pay and
salaries of members of the Legislature and
civil officers of the Territory—ordered to be
referred to the Committee on the Territories,
when appointed, and printed.
Memorial in relation to the school lands of
that Territory—ordered to be referred to the
game committee, and printed.
Memorial in relation to Indian depredations
in that Territory—ordered to be referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, when ap-
pointed, and printed.
Memorial m relation to the establishment
of telegraphs between the military posts from
Kansas to New Mexico—ordered to be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, when appointed, and printed.
Memorial in relation to the erection of a
penitentiary in that Territory—ordered to be
referred to the Committee on the Territories,
when appointed, and printed.
Memorial asking for the completion of the
Capitol building at Santa F<j—ordered to be
referred to the same committee, and printed.
Memorial in regard to property destroyed by
the rebels in that Territory—ordered to be re-
ferred to the same committee, and printed.
MEDICAL DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous content, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, transmitting, in compliance
with the act of March 3, 1809, a statement of
contracts made on account of the medical
department of the Army for the year 1866;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
LEAVE OP ABSENCE.
Mr. COOK asked and obtained leave of ab-
sence for his colleague, Mr. Harding, for the
balance of the session.
MORNING HOUR.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER stated as the regular order
the calling of the committees for reports. The
committees were called, but no reports were
made. The Speaker accordingly announced
that the morning hour had expired.
TARIFF ON UMBRELLAS AND PARASOLS.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a joint resolution, and before offer-
ing it I beg leave to state that it is intended to
remedy a defect of the present tariff. The
duties as imposed by the present tariff upon
silk are sixty per cent, ad valorem, on umbrel-
las and parasols thirty-five per cent, ad valo-
rem,. By the recent tariff on wool the duties
on alpaca and other articles of which the
better class of umbrellas are made are increased
so that the business of manufacturing umbrel-
las and parasols for females will be almost de-
stroyed. The resolution which I desire to offer
contemplates putting the duties on these arti-
cles at the same rate which the raw material
pays.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be
read for information, after which the Chair
will entertain any objection which may be
made.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved bp the Senate and House of Representa-
tives, &c., That after the passage of this joint resolu-
tion there shall be levied, collected, and paid upon
umbrellas, parasols, and sunshades imported from
foreign countries, when made from silk, no lower rate
of duty than that now imposed uponpieceand dress
silks, namely, sixty per cent, ad valorem, and when
made of other materials than silk the duty shall be
fifty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is the object to refer this
joint resolution to the Committee of Ways and
Means ?
Mr. KELLEY. The Committee of Ways and
Means has not yet been appointed. This reso-
lution is designed to remedy  
Mr. HOLMAN. Unless the resolution is
to be referred. I object to its introduction.
Mr. KELLEY. If the committee were ap-
pointed I would gladly have the resolution
referred.
Mr. HOLMAN. I must object.
TEXAS CATTLE DISEASE.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I ask unani-
mous consent to submit the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Committee on Agriculture, when
appointed, be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of providing for the appointment of a commission to
investigate the nature, causes, and results of what is
commonly known as Spanish fever or Texas cattle
disease, and to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. SCHENCK. I object. It seems to me
unnecessary to provide for the reference of
subjects to committees when appointed. We
had better appoint the committees, or else
refer no business to them.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to offer a resolution.
Mr. HOLMAN. I must object. There will
be an opportunity to offer all these resolutions
when the States shall be called.
EQUALIZATION 0~P BOUNTIES AGAIN.
Mr. McCLURG. I move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
for the purpose of considering a joint resolu-
tion which on Monday last was referred to the
Committee of the Whole, in regard to paying
bounties to certain troops in Missouri and
placing them on an equal footing with other
volunteers.
The SPEAKER. If the House goes into
the Committee of the Whole, business will have
to be taken up in its regular order and disposed
of or laid aside until that resolution is reached.
Mr. McCLURG. I have no objection to
that.
The motion wag agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Pomeroy in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 6) to place certain troops on_ an
equal footing with others in regard to bounties.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the troops recognized in an act en-
titled "An act making appropriations for com-
pleting the defenses of Washington, and for
other purposes, approved February 13, 1862," •
shall be considered as placed on an equal foot-
ing with other volunteers as to bounties; and
all laws relating to bounties are to be made
applicable to them as to other volunteers.
Mr. McCLURG. Mr. Chairman, I hope
and believe very few minutes, not to exceed
ten, will suffice to explain the object of this
joint resolution. Beyond a sufficiency I have
no desire to speak. I believe all who are here
from the Thirty-Ninth Congress will bear me
witness that I have shown no disposition to
consume unnecessarily the valuable time of
the House or committee. I can therefore con-
fidently expect that gentlemen will give atten-
tion while I shall very briefly give the points
in the case embraced by the resolution. It
is intended to secure equal justice, and noth-
ing more, to as brave and meritorious an or-
ganization of volunteers as did service for the
United States Government during the late
rebellion. The organization of which I speak,
and which is referred to in the resolution, is
that, so far as Missouri is concerned, of a vol-
unteer force which is recognized in the act
referred to, approved February 13, 1862, the
third section of which act is as follows:
"That no volunteers or militia from any State or
Territory shall bG mustered into the service of the
United States on any terms or conditions confining
their service to the limits of said State or Territory,
or their vicinities, beyond the number of ten thou-
sand in the State of Missouri and four thousand five
hundred in the State of Maryland, heretofore au-
thorized by the President of the United States or
Secretary of War, to be raised in said States."
These troops are here recognized as having
been raised by authority from the President of
the United States or Secretary of War, and
mustered into the service of the United States.
This force was organized, was mustered into
the service of the United States, served faith-
fully and valiantly, of which there is abundant
evidence, with other volunteer troops from other
States, under command of United States offi-
cers, during the war, as they were mustered in
for three years or during the war.
The question then naturally arises, whence
•the necessity for this resolution or any legisla-
tion on the subject? The necessity arises
from what may be inferred from the reading
of the act referred to, that these troops were
mustered into the United States service on
condition, confining their service to the limits
of the State. This condition caused doubt in
the mind of the Solicitor for the War Depart-
ment whether these men were entitled to
bounties as other volunteers in the absence of
a special law; while it is not and will not be
denied that almost all, if not all, these troops
were ordered from the State, obeyed the orders
cheerfully, and rendered service out of the
State. We can produce the certificates of
various officer^ to these facts, and the reports
in the War Department in this city show that
these troops did service, not only in Missouri,
but in Arkansas, in Kansas, on the plains, and
in New Mexico.
As to their bravery and efficiency I might
speak and pass a just eulogy upon the brave
men who composed this organization and the
gallant officers, one of whom is my colleague,
who sits immediately before me, who served
from in 1861 until after the close of the war,
[Mr. Gravely.] But it is considered a breach
of politeness to talk about present company,
and I have also promised to be brief.
Did time permit, there is present a major
general [Mr. Dodge] who commanded the de-
partment of Missouri, whose ability and noble
bearing have been recognized by the people
of the State of Iowa in sending him here to
represent one of her districts, who could tes-
