1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tify to the activity, bravery, and efficiency of
these troops.
But, Mr. Chairman, I believe about enough
has been said. This subject was referred to
the Military Committee of the Thirty-Ninth
Congress. That committee believed these
troops were embraced in the new bounty bill
which passed the House at its last session, as
the bill came from the committee, but, to
gratify.the Missourians by removing all doubts,
made no objections to an amendment embody-
ing what is contemplated by this resolution.
That bounty bill has failed as yet to become a
law. We desire this resolution to pass, in order
that existing laws as to bounties may be appli-
cable to these troops as to other volunteers.
« The committee will see that we are asking
but equal justice, and for those who did as
much, even when doing battle in Missouri, as
though they had been in Virginia or in Louis-
iana ; for they were a part of the grand army
of volunteers that fought for and, by the help
of God, saved this nation.
Now, Mr. Chairman, if there be no opposi-
* tion, I will ask that the committee report the
resolution to the House. If any gentleman
desires to ask a question, I will take pleasure
in endeavoring to answer it to his satisfaction.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend by
inserting after " 1862" the words " also those
borne on the rolls as slaves."
Mr. Chairman, I will say in explanation of
this amendment that, according to the ruling
of the Second Auditor's office, all colored
troops enlisted in the service of the United
States, if at the time of their enlistment they
appear on the rolls as slaves, are excluded from
any participation in the bounties which have
been provided for by our laws. They have
therefore received no part either of the original
bounties or of the additional bounties. It is for
the purpose of securing to these colored sol-
diers the benefit of our bounty laws that I have
offered this amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. McClurg] whether
this bill has ever been considered by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs of this Bouse ?
Mr. McCLURG. This question was con-
sidered by the Committee on Military Affairs
of the last Congress. That committee, as I have
already stated, approved of the measure, and
embodied it as they believed in the bounty bill,
which has twice passed this House, but has
never yet become a law.
The bill, as amended, was laid aside to be
reported to the House.
THANKS TO GEORGE PEABODY.
The next business in order upon the Calen-
dar was Senate joint resolution No. 1, present-
ing the thanks of Congress to George Peabody.
The joint resolution was read at length. The
first resolution presents the thanks of Congress
to George Peabody. of Massachusetts, for his
great and peculiar beneficence in giving a
large sum of money, amounting to $2,000,000,
for the promotion of education in the more
destitute portions of the southern and south-
western States, the benefits of which, accord-
ing to his direction, are to be distributed
among the entire population without any dis-
tinction except what may be found in needs or
opportunities of usefulness.
The second resolution provides that it shall
be the duty of the President to cause a gold
medal to be struck, with suitable devices and
inscriptions, which, together with a copy of
this joint resolution, shall be presented to Mr.
, Peabody in the name of the people of the
tTnited States.
The third resolution provides that a sufficient
sum of money to carry this joint resolution
into effect shall be appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I hope
this joint resolution will be laid aside to be
reported to the House.
Mr. UPSON. I see that the appropriation
is unlimited. I would like to have some idea
of the/am,ount that may be needed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It is
merely to pay for a gold medal; it cannot be
a large amount.
Mr. UPSON. I have no objection to that.
Mr. HARDING. I m®ve to amend this
joint resolution by striking out the provision
relating to a gold medal, and I trust this com-
mittee will see the propriety of amending this
joint resolution at least to that extent. I am
as much in favor of the education of the people
of the United States as the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] can be. I feel
as gratefully toward the benevolent gentleman
named in this joint resolution, as I trust I
ought to feel. But I do not believe a person
who makes a donation which should command
the national gratitude would feel much gratified
at receiving a gold med31 therefor.
Tt may be that this was a great sacrifice for a
man whose wealth is hundreds of millions of dol-
lars ; and it may be that iiKhe opinion of many
gentlemen here he is entitled to a gold medal.
But if I were called upon to select worthy
objects for gold medals, I would select those
men who gave more than a fortieth part of their
wealth for their country. I would select those
brave men who gave not only all their property,
but also their lives for our country. I would
give medals to men who gave evidence during
the recent dark period of our history of a fer-
vent love for our institutions. I do not know
what claim Mr. Peabody may have upon the
loyal millions in this land f'Qr a gold medal.
If I am correctly informed he made a profit
out of the rebellion which he aided and abetted.
If I am wrongly informed I wish to be cor-
rected. But I shall not vote a gold medal to a
man who, from the information I have re-
ceived, I believe was, while all the time an
American citizen, conspiring against the integ-
rity of this nation.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Habdikg, and being taken, the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
No further amendment being offered,
The joint resolution was laid aside to be
reported to the House.
BELIEF OF DESTITUTE IN THE SOUTH.
The next business upon the Calendar was
Senate joint resolution No. 16, for the relief
of the destitute in the southern and southwest-
ern States.
The resolution, which was read at length,
proposes to empower and direct the Secretary
of War to issue supplies of food sufficient to
prevent starvation and extreme want among all
classes of the people in those southern and
southwestern States where a failure of the
crops and other causes have occasioned wide-
spread destitution; the issues are to be made
through the Freedmen's Bureau, under such
regulations as the Secretary of War shall pre'
scribe. One million dollars is appropriated
for the purpose, to be expended under the
direction of the Commissioner of the Freed-
men's Bureau.
Mr. WOOD. I suppose the Committee of
the Whole will recommend the passage of this
joint resolution; but it will not be with my vote.
I am opposed to the Government of the United
States distributing alms under any circum-
stances whatever, and in any direction what-
ever. That is my first objection to this joint
resolution.
I am also opposed to it upon another ground.
In a recent visit which I made to the southern
States, since the 1st of January, during which
I made it my duty to observe the condition of
the southern people in a very large portion of
the Atlantic southern States, I saw no such des-
titution as has been described. I saw no class >
of the people, certainly not of the white portion j
of the population of those States, who would !
make any application to Congress for alms, or j
who would acknowledge themselves paupers
and dependents upon the General Government
for aid and support; or who needed anything
more from the North than protection for their i
civil rights, and northern capital to develop
their industry and to enable thein to grow their
crops.
I will admit that the people of the South do
require pecuniary assistance, but they, do not
require it as a charity. They require it for.
the purpose of enabling them to grow those
great staples that are so valuable to'the coun-
try; they require northern capital to endeayor
to resuscitate their impoverished plantations ;
they require at our hands, or at t>e hands of
some department of the Government, some
disposition of the status of their labor ; they
require their labor system disposed of so that
capitalists and other employers can depend
upon some labor by which they can develop
these important crops.
Therefore I am opposed to this measure for
these reasons: first, that I am opposed, on
general principles, to the Government giving
public money tor charitable institutions; ana
secondly, because, in my judgment, and, as
the result of personal observation made within
the last sixty days in the southern States, I do
not believe that any considerable portion of
the people there require alms.
They have, sir, a pauper population, as
every northern county and city has, but none
of the northern States have applied to Congress
for aid, nor ;has the South, through any exist-
ing State government or anycompetent officer,
authorized to speak for any one county, city,
town, or village in the southern or southwest-
ern States, applied to the Government for the
distribution of alms.
For these reasons, sir, I shall vote against
the passage of this joint resolution.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana. I regret to
take up any of the time of the House in oppos-
ing this resolution; but I would inquire if there
is to be any limit to these appropriations asked
for from this Congress? Is it true that this
Government is amine of inexhaustible wealth,
and that it has become a hospital for the desti-
tute of the entire country ? Is it true that mil-
lions and millions are to be voted out of'the
public Treasury to be used to feed the wives
and children of those men who raised the arm
of rebellion against the flag of our country? If
Congress shall adopt a policy to make appro-
priations for the destitute of the land, let them
go into the large cities, into the towns and
hamlets, and provide for the widows and chil-
dren of our soldiers, and lavish upon them the
bounty they propose to give.
I know when a measure comes with the sup-
port of General Howard it is hard to oppose
it. Sir, I love his patriotic devotion to his
country, and his devotion to the suffering every-
where. I know that when he comes before
Congress asking an appropriation for the suf-
fering millions it is hard to resist it; but let me
say here that this bill calling for an appropria-
tion of $1,000,000 is not all that we shall be
called upon to vote. Is there any point where
we can stop these vast calls upon our Treasury V
If there be not, I say the time will soon come
when you will want another bankrupt law—one
for the Government, and not for the citizen.
This appropriation is to be paid out by the
Freedmen's Bureau. I undertake to say that
there have been sufficient appropriations made
at the last session of the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress for that bureau. There was, I under-
stand, a surplus of $"280,000 remaining.
During the last session of the Thirty-Ninth
Congress we appropriated $5,136,000 more for
the destitute of the South. Yet now we are
asked to draw $1,000,000 more from the pock-
ets of the toiling yeomen of our country to
feed the rebels of the South.
Mr. Chairman, I here enter my solemn pro-
test in the Hall of this House against an appro-
priation which shall tax the one-armed and
limbless soldiers of the Republic who fought
and suffered for the flag, to take this money
out of their pocket and pay it to the women
and children of rebels, women and children
who with malignant hatred spat upon our sol-
diers wounded and weary in their march to the
sea. I protest against itin behalf of {he widows
