84'
GOIS1 GRESSIOK" AL GLOBE.
March IB,
and orphans of tlie men who w"er£ s&V§d to
death at Andersonville.
Why should we appropriate $1,000,000 for
feeding the poor of that region? , Is there
110 law by which we could make the wealthy
rebels support their own poor and destitute?
I think if my friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] had control of that department he
would find some law by which the wealthy
rebels should be taxed' to feed their own poor.
I am oppo.sed to this measure; I oppose it
because this Congress must come to a stop
some time in these appropriations' of millions
from the pockets of our people, who are now
oppressed with taxation. And I understand
some of these southern communities spurn the
offering of help by Mr. Peabody. I say then
let them wait. If there is to be suffering in
this country, if there is to be destitution, if
any are to suffer, let it be the disloyal; and if
need be, let God Almighty populate that coun-
try with people who will love our flag and the
free institutions of which it is the emblem.
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. Chairman, I desire
to say a few words in advocacy of the pending
bill. I am in favor of it as a great measure
of reconstruction. I believe it will do more
to allay the feelings which now exist in the
South toward the people of the North than
any other measure we could adopt. I believe
it will reach into regions where no other
agency could penetrate. I believe it will go
into parts of the South where now there are
no newspapers, where public education is al-
most unknown, and will address itself directly
to the hearts of the people, and be evidence to
them that the people of the North are not, as
they have been taught to believe, their bitter,
relentless foes; that' we really do hot desire
their impoverishment and degradation. It will
be not only an answer to these arguments used
by the demagogues of the South with which
they led the masses into rebellion, but an
answer also to the doctrines preached at the
North by those who were opposed to the war.
I do not wonder, Mr. Chairman, that there
is opposition to this measure on the other side
of this Chambei". I believe it will have a most
potent and beneficent effect upon the minds of
the people of the South ; and the donation of
this great charity will go as an answer to all
the chafes and declarations made against us,
so that it will be made manifest, even to the
humblest and poorest of the South, that we of
the North have waged this great war for their
advancement and elevation in the scale of
humanity; not for their injury and degrada-
tion.
We are told that this bill should not be
passed, because there -is poverty in the North.
Why, sir, the North during the war and ever
since has overflowed with prosperity. If there
is poverty here, there is also wealth here to
relieve it. There is no outcry in our midst
rising up to Heaven from the face of a stricken
and desolated land. It is our part from our
abundance to help this people and to lift them
up. It will be, I repeat, the strongest of all
answers to the arguments made against us.
Nay more, sir, it will go abroad among the
nations of the earth that this American Repub-
lic has attained a loftier standard than that of
any nation known to history—that we not only
have not visited with severity, wrath, and pun-
ishment the men who waged for four long years
a fierce rebellion to destroy us, but that roused
by the cries of suffering humanity we have
absolutely extended the hand of relief to the
enemies of the nation.
The whole amount asked for, large as it may
appear, is but a slight contribution when divided
among the millions of the people of the North;
according to my estimate it would be but a few
cents to each individual of our population. I
do not believe there is a man in the North
who, in the presence of the poverty and desti-
tution and suffering which undoubtedly exist
in the South, would refuse to contribute his
mite toward saving them from death. Nay, I
believe that even the one-armed and one-legged
soldiers, to whom allusion has been made, who
fought to put down this rebellion, %p'd' received
their wounds at the hands of the rebels, would
contribute from their poverty toward the relief
of the starving women and little children of
the Souths They fought with men in the open
field; they will not carry their hatred against
helpless infancy, old age, and womanhood,
struggling in the grasp of starvation.
Mr. Chairman, I hope this bill will pass. I
would be glad to see it meet the unanimous
approval of this House, so that this act might
bear witness to all the world that we have waged
the great war through which we have passed
to build up and not to destroy; to advance
and benefit the people of the South, not to
oppress and injure them.
Mr. IyELLEY. Mr. Chairman, many rea-
sons may be suggested why we should not pass
this resolution, and I tjjink I have considered
them all. Yet I hope the resolution will be
adopted. We may point to the fact which the
eloquent gentleman before me [Mr. Williams,
of Indiana,] did of tfie reported refusal, not as
ho said of the so-called States of the South, of
the munificent donation of Mr. Peabody. What
he illuded to was merely the ravings of promi-
nent leaders, editors, and speakers, who in-
sanely clamor against its acceptance. The
masses of the southern people have not re-
sponded to these absurd suggestions. We may
also point to the fact that Mississippi is said to
have appropriated no less a sum than $20,000
for the defense of Jefferson Davis. And we
may point to the fact that the North is filled with
widows and orphans, the wives and children
of men slowly starved to death or poisoned
by the malaria of the fatally located military
prisons to which they were consigned. And
we may point to the fact, though we cannot
charge it to others, that in all the large centers
of our industry our laboring people are unem-
ployed and expending the little sums they have
garnered or living upon public charity, and
as we do so ask, why not appropriate the sum
named to these ? Giving full weight to these
suggestions, I hope this resolution, as adopted
by the Senate, will pass.
The mountaineers of Alabama, Georgia, and
central South Carolina, the poor whiles of that
broad section of country in which there was a
failure of crops last j'ear, have been as much
oppressed and almost as deeply wronged as the
slaves of olden times, and they will be the
recipients of this charity. The majority of them
at;e old men, and women and children. Let us,
who wisely say to these people that they can
enjoy no political rights until they can do so
with safety to themselves and the Union, and
who hold them with an iron hand until they
shall fashion institutions that will save them-
selves and whosoever may dwell among them
from such oppression in the future, see to it
that they do not want for the common necessa-
ries of life.
The resolution proposes to appropriate money
for the temporary relief of such—the blind, the
dumb, the driven masses of the South, whose
sufferings were entailed upon them by their
oligarchic leaders as much as were the suffer-
ings in theNorth to which! have faintly alluded,
caused by those same leaders who plunged the
country in war. Let us show them that we have
the sympathies of fellow-citizens, and that while
we have the resources of a great nation at our
command we will not consign to hunger and
starvation the people, men, women, and chil-
dren, of large districts of our common country.
I apprehend that the gentleman from New
York, [Mx-. Wood,] in the recent visit to the
South of which he spoke, went to the commer-
cial centers and rich low lands, and associated
with the still wealthy old master class of that
region who, like himself, are strict construction-
ists of the Constitution, and who never cared
whether a poor free white neighbor died or
lived so that the enslaved negro was a thing of
value to them. He did not visit inhospitable
mountain regions where want and hunger sit
by every hearthside and where death is busy.,
It is for the people of such sections that this
appropriation is contemplated. The resolution
names $1,000,000, the expenditure of which
is to be made by the chief of the Freedmen's
Bureau, under the orders of the Secretary
of War; but it does not direct the disburse-
ment of the whole amount, and there is, I am
sure, no gentleman on this side of the House
who will not trust the discretion and fidelity of
Gen. Howard and Secretary Stanton in a matter
of this sort. Lot us then make this appropria-
tion and say to the poor people of the South,
11 While we will restrain those who through
life have wronged and oppressed you, and
finally made you wage war against us, you
shall not suffer while it is in our power to give
you relief."
Mr. BANKS. I propose the following
amendment.
Provided, That there shall be expended from the
appropriation herein named, under the direction of
the Commissioner of Agriculture, the sum of $50,000,
for the purchase of seeds to be distributed among the
destitute people of tho South by the Commissioner of
the Freedmen's Bureau.
Mr. MILLER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out all after the word "pro-
vided" and insert the following:
That $75,000 thereof be appropriated to supply,
through the Agricultural Department, seeds for the
Freedmen's Bureau to distribute to the inhabitants
of said States to enable them to raise provisions for
their own support.
While I am in favor of the resolution mak-
ing appropriations to relieve the suffering and
starving people of the South, I think we ought
to be guarded in making so large an appropri-
ation as this. We appropriated at the last
Congress large sums; $7,000,000 to support
the poor of the South, besides $2-5,000 to those
in Washington city and recently fifteen thousand
dollars more. "We are now called upon to ap-
propriate again $1,000,000 in order to support
the so-called poor people of the South.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it seems to me that
these people ought to be encouraged by giving
them seeds and let them cultivate the soil. They
have a productive country, and if they will but
cultivate the soil as they ought to do they will
have ample provision for their own support,
and if we are to be called upon year after year
to provide for their wants, without any effort
being made upon their part to support them-
selves, where is the matter to stop? It may
continue to run to millions of expenditure for
their support. They have their lands from
which, with proper exertion, they certainly can
raise sufficient for their support, besides a sur-
plus ; and now, instead of appropriating the
whole of the $1,000,000 as indicated by the
joint resolution, I propose that a portion of
that sum be devoted to the purchase of seed,
to be obtained through the .Agricultural De-
partment, and distributed by those in charge
of the Freedmen's Bureau. This will enable
them with proper industry to provide them-
selves with food, and put a stop to this drain
upon the United States Treasury. I am told
by the honorable Commissioner of Agriculture
that the demand in the late rebel States for
seeds of various kind is so great that it is out
of his power to supply them without such an
appropriation. I agree with the honorable gen-
tlemen that have preceded me that these men
were led into the rebellion by their leaders,
and induced by them to raise their arms against
the flag of their country, and we ought not to
let them starve, but at the same time we ought
to teach tliem that they must use industry and
be vigilant to acquire support, and not depend
upon the charity of a Government that some
of them, at least, attempted to destroy; and by
a proper attention to agricultural pursuits their
fertile soil will yield abundance. They must,
like the northern people, make labor respect-
able, and give up their favorite notions of
oligarchy, now exploded by the abolition of
slavery.
I am willing to appitopriate any money abso-
lutely necessary for this purpose, but not in
favor of appropriating any money to keep tliem
in idleness and in neglect of their own oppor-
tunities to gain a livelihood. Let them go to
work, cultivate their soil, and in another year
they will have sufficient to support themselves.
