1867.
-THE GLOBE.
I have, Mr. Chairman, the utmost cpnfi4enc,e
in General Howard and our !.mnch"-e§te„em&d
Secretary of .War. I amsatisfied that so far
as they are concerned the\mopey placed' in
their hands will be faith-fujly .ppd impartially
distributed; but it seem,s to me tliat .$75,.000,
or even .$100,000, of the .sum pamed in -tae
joint' resolution yrouljl be of more advantage
to those "pe.ople l)y furnishing that amount in
proper seeds tp enaljlethena to fprn tlieir atten-
tion to raising the necessaries of li£e. I there-
fore trust that the amendment I proposed may
be adapted by this House.
Mr. CHANLER. I believe that the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Banks] has already been before
the House, and that an order has been issued,
so far as a legislative body .could issue it, to
the Secretary of War to furnish seeds, and I
believe that if the exigencies of the case ad-
mitted it the Secretary of War would distribute
.seeds to satisfy the demands of the South.
This whole measure is, in my opinion, defect-
ive in its spirit and weak in the manner in
■which it professes to meet the object designed.
There are in the South millions upon millions
of human beings, millions of whom are under
the immediate supervision of the Freedmen's
Bureau. There are others who, by a distinc-
tion drawn by the majority on this floor, owing
to their color, are excluded from the oppor-
tunity of accepting any part of the munificent
donation which the Government makes.
Now, the gentleman who proposed this bill
can hardly think that this niggard charity of
$1,000,000 will meet the requirements of the
black race of the South.
Sir, this munificent appropriation would
amount to nothing. It is not intended to meet
the interests of any of the individual residents
of the South except the officers of the Freed-
men's Bureau. It is designed to assist these
people to carry on the bureau, and not to reach
the suffering millions who are under the con-
trol of that bureau. It is a black sheep in
dirty wolf's clothing. The bill is brought to
the consideration of the House; it is offered in
the name of charity.
Do not insult our better nature by beginning
with this profession of doing good when the
design is merely and actually to keep up a
political machine, and that is the truth about
it. We do not require new attacks upon the
South; we do not require the bitter and malig-
nant feelings that have been poured out by
gentlemen here with regard to the South, to
work on the enthusiasm of the majority here to
vote this money. It is not to clothe the poor;
it is not that the blind may see, and the lame
may walk, but that the political machinery of
the Freedmen's Bureau may go limping through
the land sustained by the patronage of the
Government. Charity! For what? To keep
up the malignant passions which this war has
has engendered, to keep up the demarkations
which hatred has established, but not to soothe
the suffering or give amelioration or relief to
the conquered and those who are really in
destitution in the South.
So far as the motives which actuate this meas-
ure are pure and good, I welcome it. I know
from personal observation during the past two
years, extended over the Atlantic coast dov/n
to the extreme points of Florida, that suffering
in the South does exist. I know from corre-
spondence direct from the South within a few
days past, that in the interior of the State of
South Carolina the people are starving for
food. I believe that some such measure as
this is called for by the necessities of the south-
ern people. But how ridiculous and how
absurd it is to speak of extending the hand of
charity by offering this pittance.
It is but an opportunity to allow the eloquent
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
to reiterate his often-uttered anathemas^agamst
a class of men whom he personally dislikes_;
and to allow other gentlemen to make their
maiden speeches, and prove to their constitu-
encies that the slime and venom of their local
party,organizations hays npt.b.gen^a^ed from
thgmup'on 'entering .this b,p.d,y.  
' 'But'.tWe are 'other modes of .extending,
assistance than by giving a popper to a starving
,|ian, Tlie effort ,tp introduce agricultural im-
plements and seed.s .into the South is indeed
.the act of a Samaritan. But let that .assistance
be so extended that not .only t^e map two has
be.en .accustomed to wield the hpe ^and< plant
the fields of the South can reap the benefit o'f
it, but that it may reach the. poorer classes of
the whites of the South, who have b'e.ep edu-
cated to neither agricultural, commercial, nor
manufacturing pursuits. Let your munificence
be extended to every class. I take it that if
this money is sent to the Freedmen's Bureau
it will be filtered through the officers of that
institution until but the smallest moiety of this
$1,000,000 will be used for the requirements
of any one State.
Suppose this $1,000,000 is spread over
the State of Georgia alone. Does any gentle-
man believe that it would meet the necessities
there? It is folly to say so, and any man who
can calculate so as to put two and two together
and tell what the result will be, will not make
any such assumption.
This is meant then as a simple beginning.
You mean then by adding this ,$1,000,000
upon the pretense of healing the wounds of
the South to keep up the Freedmen's Bureau
as the channel of alleviating the sufferings of the
South. Do you believe that will be an accept-
able channel to the poor whites of the So.uth?
Do you honestly believe that they will accept
charity extended through that channel?
Sir, it seems to me, without charging upon
gentlemen of the other side who have advocated
this measure motives which they are so willing
to impute to others, motivesunworthy of human
nature, unworthy of the name of charity, that
this joint resolution carries with it no merits.
It is claimed to be actuatod by the spirit of the
good Samaritan; but it looks very much like
that stride and step taken by him who passed
by on the other side.
Now, with regard to the requirements of
agriculture in the South. Do gentleman pro-
pose to inaugurate a sensible system of agri-
culture through the Freedmen's Bureau? Is
the distribution of seeds by that bureau to
supersede the distribution of seeds by your
Agricultural Department, which lias been es-
tablished at such great expense? Take it from
any point of view, practical, philanthropic,
reasonable, or just, and to what does this meas-
ure come at last ? The payment of the officers
of the Freedmen's Bureau, through General
Howard, taxing the laboring masses pf the
North to keep up an eleemosynary institution
established for political purposes, for the pur-
pose of maintaining the existing hatred between
the races in the South. It is reduced to that
and to that alone. If it does rest on that basis,
then why reiterate these sentiments of hatred
and animosity to the classes of the South ?
Why ventilate the degradation of the whites,
and why so silent with regard to the utter
degradation of the blacks?
Sir, if this measure had upon its face one
single indication of thorough,jngenuous charity,
I would advocate it. But as it comes before us
to-day it is purely a political measure, got up
in the worst spirit, and to be passed for no
good except to benefit the officers of the Freed-
men's Bureau.
Mr. BOYER- I trust, Mr. Chairman, that
this joint resolution will be adopted; that it
will be passed promptly and with snanimity.
I am not deterred from supporting it by the
reasons given by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Williams,] based upon the fact that those
who are to be the recipients of this bounty are
the families of rebels; nor by the arguments
of the two gentlemen from New York, [Air.
W^ood &nd Mr. Chanler,] that this fund is to
be distributed through the Freedmen's Bureau ;
that charity has not been asked at our hands
by the starving population of the South through
any direct appeal of their own ; that the money
proposed tp, be appropriated is not sufficient
m. amount to afforg tjie required relief for the
distresses jdiieh'exist; awQhat 'it.is likely ip
be misappropriated'. JSTprie of th^e'ieaso^
which have been" giyen.by one pjf the other'of
th<ese gentlemen Tor' .their .opposition' to'tfi^
measure shall influence me to withhold jfrqm it
myyote..' ' '  '
Mr. Chairman, twenty years ago, th.e Par-
liament of Great Britain voted $50j'0*00,000
for the relief of the starving' population of
Ireland. We are asked,to-day to appropriate
Dut $1,000,000 for .the relief qf the starring
people of the South, but one fiftieth part of the
amount which the distresses of rebellious Ire-
land extorted from the "humanity of monarch-
ical England. And shall 'it be said that the
great Republic of America is less merciful to
her perishing children than was that nation
whom we have been accustomed to denounce
as the tyrant of the Indies and the oppressor
of Ireland?
If the channel which is provided in this reso-
lution for the distribution of the fnnd be
objectionable, the answer is that it is the only
channel immediately available for the purpose.
If gentlemen on this side of the' House are
opposed to the Freedmen's Bureau, let them
not object to its being converted into an instru-
mentality of usefqlness.and mercy. I accept the
Freedmen's Bureau in this instance as the means
Of distribution, because the want to be supplied
is immediate and pressing, and there is no
other available instrumentality at hand. While
we are talking some of our countrymen at the
south are gasping, it may be, in the agonies
of death for want of the food which we are
asked out of our abundance to bestow upon
them. The Freedmen's Bureau, if it honestly
distribute this fund, is the very best agency
by which it can be dispensed, because it is
already organized and in actual _ operation,
and because its agents are now residing at the
South and understand the immediate neces-
sities of the particular localities in which they
happen to be stationed.
Mr. Chairman, I shall not stop to inquire
whether the agents of the Freedmen's Bureau
will misappropriate this fund or not. I shall
not stop to make this inquiry, because I feel
certain that a portion of the money at least will
reach those for whom it is intended. And if
but one half of this charity shall reach the suf-
fering poor for whom it is designed I should
yote for it, even although the other half should
stick 'to the hands of the agents of the Freed-
men's Bureau. But what right have we with-
out proof to presume that any portion of this
fund will be misappropriated? We should have
some evidence of that fact, before in a crisis
like this we undertake on mere suspicion to
withhold bread from the months of the starving
people of any portion of our country. They
must get it in this way or not at all.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Chak-
ler] opposes the resolution because he savs it
does not provide a sufficient amount to relieve
the distresses which he knows exist. If, then,
the necessities of the South are so great that
for the purpose of preserving its population
from starvation more than $1,000,000 is needed,
in Heaven's name why should we withhold this
pittance? The true remedy lies in the oppo-
site direction. If it be discovered that more is
required let us vote for appropriating more
money for the same purpose.
Mr. Chairman, if this Congress shall refuse
to make this appropriation, I do not want to
see introduced into this House any more reso-
lutions in behalf of the suffering population of
other countries. I do not want to see intro-
duced here by the gentleman from New York
[Sir. Wood] resolutions of sympathy for the
people of Ireland, as he dijl the other day,
when he is not willing to cast his vote to appro-
priate a fund intended to rescue a portion of
his own countrymen from the most horrible ot
deaths. I,, for one, am willing to_ vote this
appropriation and run the risk of its finding
the objects ftfr whom it is designed.
