1867.
THE COffGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
87
were in the confederate army; but I did not
tax the Joyal North to obtain that relief. Under
the war power I taxed the rich of the South
to support the poor of the South. And I will
go as far as he who goes farthest in that direc-
tion now to aid the same poor by any constitu-
tional legislation.
The destitution of the South, as a whole, is
much exaggerated. Let us remember that in
the palmiest days of the South their cotton
crop of two million .bales sold for but ten
cents a pound, and that* there "were in the
South at the collapse of the rebellion two mil-
lion bales of cotton that sold for from fifty
to seventy-five cents a pound; perhaps sixty
cents would be an average equivalent to six
crops of the olden time, or nearly five hun-
dred million dollars. If that were fairly dis-
tributed in the South, there would be no need
to call upon us of the North to aid in the sup-
port of the southern people. It is because
such firms as Frazier, Trenholm & Co. accu-
mulated the resources of the South during the
war: because the whole property of the South
is aggregated in a few hands; because the
Presidentof the United States, acting as he
believed rightly we must conclude, until it is
judicially examined in another bar, gives back
the property captured by the forces of the Uni-
ted States, to whom? To the poor men of the
South? Oh, no; but to the men of wealth, the
owners of the land, that the text has almost
been verified which says, "To him who hath
shall be given; and to him who hath not, shall
be taken away even that which he hath."
_ Now, after we have been told by the Execu-
tive that Congress is making appropriations so
extravagant that he believes it will lead to
repudiation of our national obligations, I trust
we will pause before we make further appro-
priations for such purposes, and say at least
we -will first make those which will do justice
to the widows and orphans of those who fought
our battles.
And, then, we will take such property as
comes to us from the war to repair the ravages
of the war, both North and South. I for
one ask no confiscation of any property that
shall go into the pockets of the North. Thank
God, our industry, our enterprise, our means
of recuperation are such that we need none of
it. _ But I do ask that there shall be legislation
which will distribute the property, whether
real or personal property, among those of the
South whose labor has earned it, and who are
now starving because they are deprived of the
results of their labors. For such legislation,
for the benefit of the masses of the South, I
shall ever be ready to give my voice and my
vote.
The property in the South, which belongs
to us by the right of capture, every dollar of
it, and which is ours and at our disposal by
everyprinciple ever yet enunciated from any
judicial tribunal competent to cope with the
subject—concerning that property I desire to
see legislation which shall equalize the bur-
dens of the war, now so grievous to be borne
by the southern people. Besides, before I am
called upon .to be generous to the southern
people, 1 desire to see an end of a kind of
legislation which is common in the South,
such legislation as in Mississippi, appropriating
$20,000—and for what? To feed her starving
poor? No, but to defend Jefferson Davis,
who is luxuriating in Fortress Monroe, on a
trial which will never take place.
Mr. BOYER. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] allow me to ask
a question ?
Mr. BUTLER. Certainly.
Mr. BOYER. I would ask the gentleman
whether, if such an appropriation was made
by the legislative body to which he refers, that
is any reason why the children of those who
had nothing to do with that legislation should
be left to starve? Ought those who had noth-
ing to do with that legislation to be held ac-
countable for it? •
Mr. BUTLER. I can answer that question
I think as it should be answered, in the light
of the proprieties of governmental action.
Governments must always deal ;with commu-
nities, not with individuals ; Governments must
always deal with the organized action of com-
munities, not with the acts of individuals.
Th.e individual must partake of the character
and suffer the fate of the community in which
he resides. And if the men of the South
make such legislation as I have specified
through their organized government, it must
be taken as the index by which our action
toward them is to be guided.
Mr. BOYER. Let me ask one other ques-
tion in this connection. Ought the people of
Georgia to be left to starve because of objec-
tionable legislation bythe people of Mississippi?
Mr. BUTLER. By no means. And if the
acts to which I refer had been singular as com-
mitted by the people of Mississippi alone,
perhaps I might be content with striking the
State of Mississippi from the benefits of this
appropriation and stop there. But did not
the gentleman see the statement but the other
day that the ladies of Texas had sold a large
quantity of confederate uniforms which they
had made up for confederate soldiers while
the rebel armies were yet in the field? And
what did they do with the proceeds of that
sale? Did they appropriate them for the ben-
efit of the starving poor in Texas, of whom the
Commissioner of the Freedmen's Bureau re-
ports to us there are thousands? Not at all.
They sent the moneys arising from that sale
as an endowment to the college in Virginia
over which the rebel General Kobert E. Lee
presides, in order, I suppose, that the youth
of the South might be taught in the same man-
ner as heretofore their duties of loyalty to
their country, their obligations to their fellow-
men, and the binding effects of their sworn
oaths, which their teacher for himself had
violated.
"Straws show which way the wind blows."
Let me ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Boyer] to notice another straw which
shows the current of southern feeling. But a
day or two since we saw an account of two
gamecocks being sent as a present to Eobert
E. Leo from the soldiers of the army of north-
ern Virginia. "Would it not have been better
to have boiled them to feed some of those starv-
ing children of their comrades that the gentle-
man is so anxious about? [Laughter.] I
insist that we must take these things as indicics
of the temper of the people of the South, and
so govern ourselves in our legislation. Let
them learn that so long as there is such action
on the part of their public bodies, so long as
they follow the lead of the men who have led
them to destruction, destruction can be the
only result. Let them learn that in the recon-
struction which I trust is soon to be accom-
plished in a loyal manner they must repudi-
ate their old leaders, and by a course of legis-
lation which shall tend to make a division of
the lands among all the people, give to every
man the means of at least fulfillingthe primeval
curse " by the sweat of thy brow shalt thou eat
thy bread," thus affording the needed relief to
a suffering people.
I regret as much as the gentleman from
Pennsylvania or any other the state of desti-
tution which is represented as existing in the
South; and I feel that I have a right to say
that when I had the power I did all that in me
lay to relieve such destitution, for which I have
received thus far no other reward than a de-
lightful shower of obloquy. When the ques-
tion is presented to me, sir, how much I will
give as a private citizen toward relieving dis-
tress in the South, I trust that my subscription
will not fall behind that which my friend from
Pennsylvania, in the goodness of his heart,
may contribute in accordance with our respect-
ive means.
But, sir, I am now speaking as a legislator.
I say that in these Halls of legislation we have
no right to pass over the starving widows and
children of our soldiers, for whom we have yet
made no sufficient provision as a nation, and
for the aare of whota every State in the Union,
and the State I have the honor in part to rep-
resent more than, or as mush as any other, is
burdened with taxation; we have no right as
legislators to put our hands into the Treasury,
supplied by taxation, to meet the claims of
generosity before the claims of justice are
satisfied. Will any gentleman in the House,
in voting upon this substitute, say that gen-
erosity prompts him to votfe $1,000,000 to the
starving women and children of the South,
while justice to the overtaxed North prevents
him from relieving the starving widows and
children of the noble heroes who gave up their
lives for their country at Andersonville, Belle
Isle, and Libby?
It is stated in the able report of the Com-
missioner of the Freedmen's Bureau that sixty
thousand starving women and children have
reported to him. Why, sir, the thirty thou-
sand and more of Union soldiers starved in
those prisons have left on an average more
than two dear ones dependent upon them.
Therefore I insist again, leaving off where I
began, that we should bo just before we are
generous, and take from the disloyal property-
holders of the South the means of repairing
the great wrong they have done by misleading
their humbler fellow-citizens into a great war
and into this subsidiary rebellion after the war
is over.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Chairman, I do not in-
tend to detain the committee any great length
of time in discussing the proposition before us.
I have entire confidence, sir, in the integrity,
as well as the good intentions in all things, of
the noble officer in charge of the Freedmen's
Bureau. His generosity and philanthropy is
coextensive with all suffering humanity. Any
appeal addressed to him on behalf of any class
of people who may be represented as suffering
is sure to find in his bosom a sympathetic re-
sponse, and, owing to the generosity of his na-
ture, may sometimes surpass that which would
by others not seem just and proper under the
circumstances. Now, sir, I ask who is this
that demands this unprecedented charity at the
hands of Congress ? What class of people is
•it? Is it the poor downtrodden freedmen?
Is it the poor white people ? or is it the fami-
lies of the leaders of the rebellion that have
caused so much weeping and wailing in our
land?
We have no information further than that
there are some sixty thousand people who are
suffering, or who soon will be in a suffering
condition in the rebel States. I would be as
willing as any one to put my hand in my pocket
and so far as I am able relieve the sufferings
of any unfortunate class of people. But look-
ing at this resolution as I do, I cannot put my
hand in the pockets of the tax-payers, m^ny
of whom are as poor as those who pretend to
ask this Government to be made an alms-house,
and assist in appropriating $1,000,000 as a
pension to one-armed and one-legged rebel
soldiers or their families of that class. This
resolution, sir? is nothing more than a dodge
to make pensioners of rebels that can not be
provided for in the usual way. You do not
put them on the United States pension-rollfe,
by the side of the wounded soldiers and widows
and orphans of those who died in defenaeoaf
their country; but by another mode yod font
them on the bounty of the Governmenti' i'.TMs
House but yesterday refused to passqa^bill
equalizing the bounties of the solfliers .that
fought on the side of their country in tte'gflgat
struggle for the existence of the U®ioiws;Ytt
without accomplishing that, withoflttaSmply prS-
viding for our own widows andjcsyimg-bpphaalis
that prattle about the return oif fhQESJthey will
see no more, we are asked fesf^iv^SljOOPjOOO
for the purpose of supplying.'trhe'i^ajnts'.6f
somebody, without knowmg'w'hojU.;--: otiiidf
When you talk about deaBng-ti>a^$i!jWO>OQO
of commissary stores fro-these paorjjfebplB'crf
the South, we but havq toTefteeWoT'oadtaoraeiit
to see that labor is at'a highipiiiee.ki:the New
England factories < ao<i.wneB w«:;ldok' at.the
vast domain of .ihe\Northwesty.aii<l find .in
many instancesaiih'&jpioro has~be$h-' -permitted
