90
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Chairman, I do not
believe that the organized represented States
of this Union contain sixty thousand men or
any considerable number of persons for whom
there is no provision for bread. I do believe,
on the other hand, in every one of those States
not materially disturbed by the late conflict of
arms, there are ample provisions made by ex-
isting law for the support of their poor. I know
it is so in my own State, and I say there is not
sixty thousand, nor sixty, nor even ten men
within the limits of that great Commonwealth
which I have the honor in part to represent,
for whom there does not exist to-day an ample
fund provided by law to supply their necessary
wants. I trust the gentleman is answered.
But, sir, this appropriation is meant for the
people in the yet unorganized southern States,
who are not yet permitted by our own law to
organize local State governments. We have
rightfully declared that the people of those
States shall not exercise those privileges and
functions until certain preliminary steps shall
have been taken. Pending this movement, we
areinformed by the head of the Bureau of
Freedmen, Major General Howard, that there
are sixty thousand persons in those States who,
not by want of industry or care or providence,
but by reason of their crops having perished
in the field by the visitation of Heaven, must
suffer for bread before the spring crops can be
produced, and therefore he asks this appro-
priation. The distinguished gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] who rendered
good service in the field, asks us to apply in
time of peace to the people of thS southern
country the iron rule of war. Sir, I cannot
consent to that. No war rocks the continent,
no armed rebellion threatens with overthrow
the institutions of the country. The pillars
of the holy temple of our liberties do not
tremble in the storm of battle; the whole
heavens are no longer covered with blackness,
and the habitations of the people are no longer
filled with lamentation and sorrow for their
beautiful slain upon the high places of the land 1
Thanks be to God! the harvest of death is
ended and the sickle has dropped from the
hands of the "pale reapers" on the field of
mortal combat.
Sir, you may apply in the day of war the
iron rule of war, and say that the innocent and
unSffending in the beleaguered city shall per-
ish with the guilty; but when war's dread
alarm has ended, as happily it has with us,
when the broken battalions of rebellion have
surrendered to the victorious legions of the
Republic, let no man stand within the forum
of the people and utter the horrid blasphemy
that you shall not have regard for the famish-
ingpoor, that you shall not give a cup of water
to him that is ready to perish in the name of
our Master, that you shall not even relieve the
wants of those who have never offended against
the laws. The unoffending little children are
not enemies of your country or of mine;
the crime of treason is not upon their souls.
Surely, surely they are not to be denied your
care. The great French patriot, banished from
the empire for his love of liberty, gathered little
children around him in his exile at Guernsey,
and fed them from his own table, uttering the
judgment of our common humanity in its best
estate: "Little children at least are innocent,
for God wills it so."
The majority of those who are to be the ben-
eficiaries of your bounty never lifted their
hands against your flag; they are unoffending
children, the children of the poor.
The men who own the broad acres of the
South are not the men to whom alms are to
be distributed by General Howard. The great
majority to whom this bounty will go are the
children of poverty. Some of them perchance
may have been driven by a cruel and enforced
conscription to serve the rebellion; but the
great majority of those to whom this charity
will go, if you pass the bill, are widows and
orphan children. Under no pretense of assist-
ing the orphan and widow of those who suf-
fered and died in the prisons of Libby and
Andersonville, as martyrs only can suffer and
die, -will I refuse my support to this resolu-
tion of the Senate. The sacred dust of those
perished braves would rebuke me if I did. Our
lost braves know that mercy is an attribute of
God himself.
Mr. Chairman, if their widows and children
are not already sufficiently provided for, in
God's name provide for them abundantly. I
am ready to vote any additional needed relief
to them. I have voted hitherto, I know, ten-
fold the supplies to them that are proposed in
this resolution. If gentlemen will take the
pains to make the computation, it will be found
that this joint resolution provides only to the
amount of a fraction over eighteen dollars per
capita to save sixty thousand people from des-
titution during the space of five months. That
is the head and front of its offending. Do not,
then, I pray you, ask that this Government
shall degrade itself in the presence of the civil-
ized world by refusing supplies to its own citi-
zens who are famishing for bread, and stop to
inquire of the starving thousands whether they
were friends or enemies. Sir, you cannot dis-
criminate, if you would, between friends and
enemies when famishing men ask for bread.
We might learn a lesson upon this subject by
words that come down to us through three
thousand years from Pagan antiquity, when
fiamine swept over Thrace, and a father in his
dying agony, appealing to that charity which is
the divinest of all the virtues, and which is as
universal as the material structure of man,
cried out, "Xanthus, good Xanthus, save my
child from famine."
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Chairman, before
proceeding with the remarks that I have to
make upon this question, I desire to pay my
humble homage to that eloquent speech, and
the beautiful spirit with which it was made,
that has just fallen from my distinguished friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Bikgham.]
It is not my purpose in considering this
subject to do so in any political or partisan
view. I have I think a higher and a purer
motive. The information comes to me through
truthful and reliable sources that my fellow-
beings in the South are now suffering for the
want of food, and my motive in voting and in
advocating this appropriation is to relieve them.
I do not mean to be led astray from that pur-
pose by the technicalities of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Wood,] for whom I
entertain great respect, nor do I mean to be
driven to support this measure by the blood-
thirsty acrimony of some gentlemen who have
spoken this morning.
The debate has taken a wide and a curious
range, but the greatest curiosity of all is ex-
hibited by the distinguished gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butleb,] who rises in his
place and makes an appeal to the handful of
gentlemen on this side of the House to cast
our votes against this appropriation, because
it is in oppositien to the time-honored princi-
ples of the party we represent. For myself I
spew his appeal from my mouth, and if I were
allowed to answer for those around me in whom
he seeks to enkindle those favorite principles,
I would say et tu, Brute. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Chairman, here are people suffer-
ing and starving for want of food. Why should
we not extend to them help ? I know no more
humane motive, nor one which springs from a
nobler breast, than to extend help accordingto
our ability to save from starvation people who
are unable to procure food for themselves.
This we, as the Representatives of the people,
are able to do, and we shall be justified in
doing it on the score of economy.
Sir, as regards the condition of the Treas-
ury I have during four long years watched the
extravagance of two Congresses, and I have
in my humble way endeavored to resist many
extravagant appropriations. But here we have
a Treasury overflowing with $150,000,000, and
we have a proposition before us to appropriate
$1,000,000 for a starving people. Sir, while,
my constituents have always encouraged me
in resisting ihe extravagance of Congress, T
shall not be ashamed to look them in the face
and say that in voting this appropriation I did
it from the impulses of humanity, and I ven-
ture that with one voice they will say to me,
" Well done, good and faithful servant."
Mr. COVODE. Mr. Chairman, I approve
of the substitute of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] and in making the
few remarks that I intend to make on this sub-
ject I may possibly be betrayed into saying
something that may be considered as personal.
I approve of it because I know that there are
thousands of suffering widows and orphan
children in the North whose husbands and
parents have died by starvation in the rebel
prisons of the South. Mr. Chairman, I think
that I myself have suffered as much from the
starvation of our soldiers as. any member of
this House or any man in the country. At the
beginning of the war a company was raised in
my immediate neighborhood called the "Co-
vode cavalry;" they were commanded by one
of my sons'. Of that cofnpany alone twenty-
four were starved to death at Andersonville.
Sir, I cannot look out of my house to-day with-
out seeing the widows and orphans of those
who thus suffered in rebel prisons at the South.
Of a regiment commanded by another son of
mine one hundred and sixty-six were cap-
tured when our Army fell back, under General
Meade, to Centerville, one hundred and forty-
two of whom were starved to death at Ander-
sonville. My son was among the number there
captured. Have we no sympathy for the wid-
ows and orphans of these men? My youngest
son suffered, as it were, the torments of the
damned for twenty months in Andersonville,
and my eldest fell at the head of his regiment
near Richmond, leaving a family whom I have
to aid every day. I do not ask the Govern-
ment to come to my relief, but I do protest
against being taxed to feed the families of
those in the South who were engaged in car-
rying on this rebellion.
Mare than this, sir, I know that it is not the
poor who will get this bounty, but the impu-
dent. I have had some experience in the
South, not only during the war, but after its
close, and I have seen poor Union men, who
came up for relief have to stand back and
allow impudent rebels to come up and denJ&nd
of the commissary their rations. I have seen
that over and over again. It is not the poor,
but the impudent who avail themselves of the
bounty of the Government. I am therefore
opposed to" this appropriation unless an equal
amount shall be appropriated to relieve the
sufferings of those whose husbands and fathers
and brothers were starved to death in rebel
prisons.
Mr. MUNGEN. Mr. Chairman, I have but
a word to say. I cannot vote for the substitute
offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butler.] We have heard but one side of
the question; I want to show the other. As I
understand this matter, manjr of the persons
who are to be benefited by this measure, if it
should pass, live in the mountain regions of Ala-
bama and Georgia. I know from private letters,
as well as from public report of their suffer-
ings. I know that they divided their last corn-
cake with our soldiers who escaped from rebel
prisons, going homeward to the North. I can-
not deny charity to those people. While I have
no sympathy with the rebel leaders, I have with
the orphans of those who were led by them into
rebellion, and I can take them by the hand, even
though they be the children of soldiers who fell
fighting my own regiment. It is strange that
gentlemen who voted for the Freedmen's Bu-
reau bill should talk now about precedents and
principles where the distinction is so plain.
When the bill passed yesterday appropriating
a large amount for the benefit of the destitute
negroes of this District, why did not the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts object and bring
in his substitute? Sir, when the Indians are
"upon the war-path, and they capture prison-
ers, they bring them home and turn them over
to their squaws for torture. Now, there are
divers ways of showing loyalty; but it seems
