1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
to me that the starvation of women and chil-
dren is a very poor way of showing it. That
is all I have to say.
Mr. DONNELLY. This bill is based upon
the declaration contained in it, that there is
actual starvation existing in the South. It is
upon that ground that I shall vote for it, and
upon that ground that I shall oppose the amend-
ment offered as a substitute for it.
Let me say here, that by the terms of the
Senate resolution the benefits to be derived
from it are not confined to the rebel States,
but extend to the southern and southwestern
States, in which, in the language ef the resolu-
tion, _ "starvation or extreme want" exists.
This is not, therefore, a measure for the ben-
efit of the rebel States alone. We know that
throughout that whole country there has been
a desolating war, that their houses, their farms,
their implements of labor, their supplies of
food, of seed-corn, of domestic animals have
been to a great extent destroyed; and we know
more than that, that in many parts of the<coun-
try they have suffered from a failure of the
crops. We have evidence sufficient before us
in the communication of General Howard which
has been alluded to here, that " extreme desti-
tution and starvation" do exist there. It is
not for us to ask by what means they have
reached that condition; whether they have ex-
ercised proper industry and due diligence to
Prevent the condition of things now upon them,
t is sufficient for us to know that within the
limits of our country, under the flag of the
United States, human beings, our fellow-citi-
zens, _are suffering from the pangs of starva-
tion, are in imminent danger of that most ter-
rible of 311 deaths, to silence at once all the
clamor of political hatred. In the presence of
death the acrimony of politics should disap-
pear ; nothing should be heard but the voice of
humanity.
I have somewhere read of a gallant Swede
of the army of Charles XII, who, at the close
of one of the great battles fought under that
sovereign, sought to assist a wounded and
dying enemy, giving him water to drink from
his own canteen. In the very moment that he
was. thus aiding him the dying man, still full of
the rage of the battle-field, attempted to take
the life of his benefactor. The gallant soldier
nevertheless stayed his hand, and aided with
others to bear him to a place of safety. When
the king heard of the nobl^act he sent for the
soldier and rewarded his humanity by promo-
tion. He asked him, however, how it came that
he did not strike an enemy who thus sought to
take his life even while he was relieving him.
"Sire," he replied, "my heart would not
permit me to strike a prostrate and helpless
man."
So I say now, in the presence of this suffer-
ing and this death, I have not the heart to re-
member anything save only that these people
are human, and " being human, pitiable."
I am sorry to hear these appeals made to
the natural prejudices and natural bitterness
which exist in our hearts. I am sorry to hear
these references made to Andersonville and
Libby prisons. Let us recollect that if we, the
Representatives of the American people, after
having been brought face to face by official
proof with the knowledge of this starvation in
our land, now withhold the hand of relief, then
in the eyes of the civilized world we will have
placed ourselves upon a level with the very
rebels who starved our gallant men to death.
Neither should the cry of economy be raised
here. I have shown in my former remarks
upon this bill that what wc are asked to give
is but a pittance from each individual in this
land ; a pittance which no man would miss ; a
pittance whish no liberal-hearted man would
refuse.
The chronicles of England preserve the
memory of an Anglo-Saxon bishop who in a
time of famine took the gold and silver orna-
ments from the altars of his churches and the
decorations from their walls and sold them to
purchase food for the starving multitudes; and
when one, who looked rather to the letter than
the spirit of religion, would have rebuked him
for his act, his noble answer, which will live
through all time, was given: " That it was bet-
ter that the living temples of the Lord should
be fed, even though the dead temples of the
Lord should go empty."
This war is at an end. The bitterness and
acrimony that accompanied it should die with
it. We must base this Government of ours
upon the love of the people. We cannot per-
mit the now empty seats upon the other side
of this Chamber to be filled by a race of men
who will be the hereditary enemies of the land
they assist in governing. This Government,
as it must rest upon the free will of the people,
must rest also upon the love of the people.
And I say to you that no more potent agency
can be found to that end than the passage of
such a measure as this. There is no man in
the South who will receive for his starving
family the aid provided by this joint resolution,
however ignorant, however degraded he may
be, but will understand that that help comes
to him from the North which he has 'been
taught to hate; from the Yankee Congress,
which he has been taught to regard as his
malignant enemy. I say to you that it will be
more potent than reams of arguments and
tomes of speeches. It will reach the hearts
of that people, and must produce good fruit
for the benefit of the whole land.
The day will come so surely as God reigns
when the southern people will understand that
every step which has been taken by the North
has been for their benefit. The day will come
when the industry of the South reviving, with
prosperity existing throughout its whole length
and breadth, un^Ier equitable and just laws,
the free southern people will rise up and call
blessed the men they are now taught to hate.
Mr. UPSON. I would ask the gentleman
where he finds the evidence of the starvation of
which he has spoken?
Mr. DONNELLY. I find the declaration
in the letter of General Howard, an officer in
whom we all have the highest confidence.
Mr. UPSON. I have read that letter, and
I cannot find the evidence there.
Mr. DONNELLY. General Howard says
in his letter that a total of fifty-six thousand
nine hundred persons, white and black, " will
need food from some source before the next
crop can relieve them." And, furthermore,
he slated to the committee of the Senate that
there were large numbers of persons in actual
want and in imminent danger of starvation.
It is feared by some that this appropriation
may be misapplied. But, sir, I for one have
confidence in the officer in whose hands this
appropriation will be placed. I believe that,
under his direction, it will be applied only to
the purposes recited in the bill—to meet eases
of "starvation and extreme want."
Mr. CHANLER. I desire to say to the
gentleman that the amount proposed to be ap-
propriated by this bill falls short by $500,000
of the sum stated in General Howard's report
to be necessary to feed those starving people.
Mr. DONNELLY. Then I would suggest
to the gentleman from New York to move at
the proper time such an amendment as will
supplv the deficiency.
Mr. CHANLER. I will if the gentleman
will yield for that purpose. I have an amend-
ment written.
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment would
not now be in order.
Mr. DONNELLY. It does not become us,
Mr. Chairman, to refuse to take the best we can
get because it is not all that we could desire.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] has sought to defeat this bill by offering
an amendment in the nature of a substitute, to
appropriate the amount asked for to the widows
and children of those of our soldiers who
perished of starvation at the Andersonville and
Libby prisons and the other rebel prisons in
the South; and he claims that those widows
and children are now enduring great want. I
must think, Mr. Chairman, that_ there is ex-
aggeration here. I do not believe that the
American people will suffer any such. Suffering
to fall upon -the families of the men to whom
we owe such an incalculable debt of gratitude.
If there be such destitution the remedy is here
in these Halls. Amend your pension laws;
extend your bounty laws; expand the limits
of your liberality, and there will be no opposi-
tion from those who advocate the passage of
this bill. For one I feel that sitting here and
legislating for a united country, preserved by
the valor of our soldiers, ana but for whom
these Halls would now be in the hands of
rebels, we cannot do too much for the men who
saved us.
Mr. Chairman, if the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] should be adopted, what will be its
effect? It will be heralded all over the South.
The demagogues who led the ignorant people
of the South into rebellion, and who still to a
great extent retain their confidence, will point
to it as an unerring indication of the hatred of
the North toward the southern people. It
will add another link to the chain in which
they hold that people. The very laws passed
by the rebel States, and which have been al-
luded to here, are an indication of the control
which those leaders have upon the masses.
If by adopting the amendment you virtually
reject this great measure of relief, you increase
the power of those southern demagogues.
Mr. Chairman, you do more than that; you
diminish Unionism in the South; you de-
prive the Unionists of all argument; you
solidify rebel sentiment; you intensify rebel .
feeling; the contrary will prevail if this bill
should pass. No man doubts, Mr. Chairman,
that this rebellion was only made possible by
the ignorance of the great mass of the people
of the South, an ignorance which still exists
among them. You must seek to raise np the
standard of the southern people. You must,
as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bijtgham]
has well said, send education and charity hand
in hand to these people. You must reach the
minds of these men by first reaching their
hearts, and in no better way can you satisfy
them than by this measure, that the people of
the North are not the enemies of the people of
the South; that we still recognize the ties of
citizenship which once bound us to them, that
we still recognize the ties of humanity which
should unite us to them and to all the people
of the world.
Mr. MILLER. I modify my amendment so
that it shall provide for the expending of this
money by the Freedinen's Bureau.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I move that the com-
mittee rise so that we may adjourn. We have
heard a most interesting debate on this subject,
and there are, no doubt, other gentlemen who
would like to bo heard on this subject.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Pom-
ekoy reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to
order, had the Uniongenerallyunder consider-
ation, and particularly House joint resolution
No. 6, placing certain troops of Missouri on an
equal footing with others as to bounty; and
Senate joint resolution No. 1, presenting the
thanks of Congress to George Peabody, and
had directed him to report the same back to
the House, the first with and the latter without
amendment.
He also reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had under
consideration Senate joint resolution No. 10,
for the relief of the destitute in the southern
and southwestern States; and had come to no
resolution thereon.
BOUNTY TO MISSOURI TROOPS.
The first business reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
was House joint resolution No. 6, placing cer-
tain troops of Missouri on an equal footing
with others as to bounty.
Mr. McCLURG demanded the previous ques-
tion.
