THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE;
March 14,
years to run; and a greater period than thirty
days should be allowed for competition. I
therefore suggest that it be enlarged to sixty
days.
Sir. WILLIAMS. I have no objection to
that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator so modify his resolution?
Mr. "WILLIAMS. Yes, sir. -
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
PENSION LAWS.
Mr. VAN WINKLE submitted the follow-
ing resolution ; which was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions inquire
as to the propriety of providing by law that pensions
granted by special act of Congress shall be placed on
the same footing as to the amount to be paid as pen-
sions gfftuted under general laws.
BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. MORTON. I offer the following reso-
lution, to be referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That three thousand additional copies
of the bankrupt law be ordered to be printed for the
use of the Senate.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I move
to amend the resolution by inserting ''five
thousand" instead of "three thousand."
Mr. MORTON. I accept the modification.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The res-
olution will be so modified.
Mr. ANTHONY. Is the Senator aware that
some extra copies have already been ordered
and these will be in addition. Three thousand
have been already ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I want
the number to be five thousand instead of three
thousand.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The res-
olution will be referred to the Committee on
Printing under the rules.
MESSAGE I"ROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 1) presenting
the thanks of Congress to George Peabody.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No. 6)
placing certain troops of Missouri on an equal
footing with others as to bounty, in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 15) for the relief of freed-
meu or destitute colored people in the District
of Columbia ; and it was signed by the Presi-
dent pro tempore.
SUPPLEMENTARY RECONSTRUCTION BILL.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 33.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 33) supplementary
to an act entitled "An act to provide for the
more efficient government of the rebel States,"
jjassed March 2, 1867, and to facilitate resto-
ration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
.Judiciary have reported an amendment in the
form of a substitute for the bill. The substi-
tute is the House bill very nearly, with a num-
ber of unimportant alterations and some that
are perhaps somewhat important. We thought
the proposition of the committee would be
better understood by submitting as one amend-
ment, and have therefore offered it in the form
of a substitute so as to prevent confusion. I
suggest that, unless some Senator desires to
hear the original bill read, the substitute only
need be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The sub-
stitute alone will be read unless some Senator
calls for the reading of the original bill.
Mr. HOWARD. I think the bill itself had
better be read before the substitute is read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be read.
The Secretary read the.bill as passed by the
House of Representatives, and next the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, which was to strike out all of the bill
after the enacting clause and to insert:
That before the 1st day of September, 1867, the com-
manding general in each district defined by an act
entitled "An atf to provide for the more efficient
government of the rebel States," passed March 2,
1867, shall cause aregistration to be madeof themale
citizens of the United States, twenty-ono years of age
and upward, resident in each county or parish in the
State or States included in his district, which regis-
tration shall include only those persons who are
qualified to vote for delegates by the act aforesaid,
and who shallhave taken and subscribed the follow-
ing oath or afiimatioii: "I, , of , in the
county or parish of , in the State of , do
hereby solemnly swear (or affirm) that I am not ex-
cluded from the right to vote by the fifth and sixth
sections of said act to provide for the more efficient
government of the rebel States; that I will'support
the Constitution and obey the laws of the United
States, and that I will, to the best of my ability, en-
courage all others to do the same, so help me God;"
which oath or affirmation may be administered by
any registering officer.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That after the
completion of the registration hereby provided for
in any State, at such time and places therein as the
commanding general shall appoint and dircct, of
which at least thirty days' public notice shall be
given, an election shall be held of delegates to a con-
vention for the purpose of establishing a constitu-
tion and civil government for such State loyal to the
TInion, said convention in each State, except Vir-
ginia, to consist of the same number of members as
themostnumerous branch of the StateLegislature of
such State in the year 1860, to bo apportioned among
the several districts, counties, or parishes of such
State by tho commanding general, giving to each
representation in the ratio of voteis legisteredas
aforesaid as nearly as may bo. The convention in
Virginia shall consist of the same number of mem-
bers as represented the territory now constituting
Virginia in the most numerous branch of the Legis-
lature of said State in the year 1860, to be appor-
tioned as aforesaid.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the com-
manding general of each district shall appoint as
many boards of registration as may be necessary,
consisting of three loyal officers or persons, to make
and complete the registration, supeiintend the elec-
tion, and make return to him of the votes, lists of
voters, and of the persons elected as delegates by a
plurality of the votescast at saidelection; and upon
receivingsaid returns he shall open the same, ascer-
tain the persons elected as delegatesaccording to the
returns of the officers who conducted said election,
and make nroclamation thereof, and within sixty
days from the date of election he shall notify the
delegates to assemble in convention at a time and
place to be mentioned in the notification, and said
convention, when organized, shall first determine by
a vote whether it is the wish of the people of such
State to frame a constitution and civil government
according to the provisions of this act and the act to
which it is supplementary, and if so, shall proceedto
frame such constitution; and when the same shall
have been so framed, said constitution shall be sub-
mitted by the convention for ratification to the per-
sons registered under the provisions of this act at an
election to be" conducted by the officers or persons
appointed, or to be appointed, by the commanding
general, as hereinbefore provided, and to be held
after the expiration of thirty days from the date of
notice thereof, to be given by said convention; and
the returns thereof, shall be made to the command-
ing general of thedistrict.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That if, according
to said returns, the constitution shall be ratified by
a majority of the votes of the electors qualified as
herein specified, the president of the convention shall
transmit a copy of the same, duly certified, to the
President of the United States, who shall forthwith
transmit the samo to Congress, if thefti in session, and
if not in session, then immediately upon its next
assembling; and if the said constitution shall be de-
clared by Congress to be in conformity with the pro-
visions of the act to which this is supplementary, the
State shall be declared entitled to representation,
and Senators and Representatives shall be admitted
therefrom as therein provided.
Sec. «5. Andbe it further enacted, That all elections
in the States mentioned in the said act to provide
for the more efficient governmentof the rebel States,
shall, during the operation of said act, be by ballot;
and all officers making the said registration of voters
and conducting said elections shall, before entering
upon the discharge of theirduties, take and subscribe
the oath prescribed by the act approved July 2,1862,
entitled "An act to prescribe an oath of office/'
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That all expenses
incurred by the several commanding generals, or by
virtue of any orders issued, or appointments made,
by them, under or by virtue of this act, shall be paid
out of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the conven-
tion for each State shall prescribe the fees, salary,
and compensation to be paid to all delegates and
other officers and agents herein authorized or neces-
sary to carry into effect the purposes of this act not
herein otherwise provided for, and shall provide for
the levy and collection of such taxes on the prop-
erty in such State as may be necessary to pay the
same.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the word
article, in the sixth section of the act to which this
is supplementary, shall bo construed to mean section.
Mr. DRAKE. I suppose, Mr. President,
that the matter which is subject to amendment
at this time is the proposed substitute reported
by the Judiciary Committee. Am I right iu
that supposition?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes, sir.
Mr. DRAKE. I have several amendments
which I wish to offer to that substitute. The
first one I will present now. It is to insert
after the second section of the substitute the
following section:
And be it further enacted. That at said election the
registered voters of each State shall vote for or
against a convention to form a constitution there-
for under this act. Those voting in favor of such a
convention shall have written or printed on tho bal-
lots by which they vote for delegates as aforesaid the
words "for a convention," and those voting against
such a convention shall have written or printed on
such ballots the words '' against a convention." The
persons appointed to superintend said election, and
make return of the votes given thereat, as herein-
after provided, shall count and make return of the
votes given for and against a convention ; and the
commanding general, to whom the samo shall have
been returned, shall ascertain and declare the total
vote in each State for and against a convention. If
a majority of the whole number of voters registered
in any State as aforesaid shall have voted for a con-
vention, then such a convention shall be held ashere-
inafter provided; and if a majority of such wholo
number of voters shall have voted against a conven-
tion, then no such convention shall be held under
this act.
It will be seen, Mr. President, by reference
to the third section of the substitute presented
by the Judiciary Committee, in lines fourteen,
fifteen, sixteen, and seventeen, that it is pro-
vided that the convention-—
When organized shall first determine by a voto
whether it is the wish of the people of such State to
frame a constitution and civil government according
to tho provisions of this act and the act to which it
is supplementary, and if so, they are to proceed to
frame such constitution.
I think that is an unwise provision in this act.
I do not think that the individuals elected as
members of the convention should have it in
their power to make an official expression of
what they choose to consider or declare to be
the wish of the people; but that the people
themselves should by their votes declare their
wishes on that subject. If there is any State
there that does not wish to form a State govern-
ment under this act, let the people of that State
so declare by their own votes, and not by the
voice of the delegates that they elect to a con-
vention. If there is any State which does desire
to form a State government under this act, let its
people express their wish upon that subject by
their own votes, and not by the voice of their
delegates elected to the convention. In other
words, Mr. President, I do not propose that
this act or any other act of the Congress of the
United States should put it in the power of
any set of men to thwart or defeat the will of
the people of any one of these States. I wish
that the people of eaoh State should have full
freedom to do or not to do under this act.
Therefore it is that if the expression of the
wish of the people is to be had in reference to
this matter, I desire it to be directly by the
people, and not by the delegates elected in con-
vention.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment sug-
gested by the Senator from Missouri was con-
sidered in committee, not in the precise form
in which he has presented it to the Senate, but
the propriety of such a provision was con-
sidered by the committee, and for two reasons
it was thought more advisable to adopt the
mode provided by the committee to ascertain
the wishes of the people.
The Senator from Missouri "will remembei
that our Government is carried on by repre-
sentatives. The people themselves govern
through representatives in this country; and
it is proposed that the delegates, who are elec-
ted by the people, shall determine whether it
is the desire of the people to frame a consti-
tution under this bill. The question will enter
into the flection of delegates, if there be a
