THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
the wish of the people" to form such a> con-
stitution. Now, sir, the very point is whether
the mode prescribed by the committee for
ascertaining the wish of the people shall be
the one adopted by the Senate, or whether
that mode which enables the people themselves
to say what their wish is shall be thes one
adopted. I concur in the demand of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts- for the yeas aa-d nays
upon this amendment.
Mr. HOWARD: I think well of the amend ■
meat offered by the honorable Senator from
Missouri, and. hope it will be adopted. The
anomalous state of things which exists in the
rebel States, and the little knowledge which
the great mass of the people there possess
probably of their real situation and relations
to the Government of the United States, it
seems to me make it necessary that we should
do all in our power to acquaint them with that
situation, and to enlighten their minds as to
what it may be proper and expedient for them
to do. I am pleased with the idea that these
governments, when established, shall originate
with the people, and receive the sanction of
the people themselves; and I concur in the
main with what has been said by the honorable
Senator from Missouri as to the propriety of
the step which he proposes.
The bill which we recently passed holds out
to the people of the rebel States a proposition,
that upon complying with certain terms which
we have prescribed in that act they shall be
rehabilitated and readmitted to the full enjoy-
ment of their rights as States of the Union.
The fifth section of the act declares—•
That when the people of any one of said rebel
States shall have formed a constitution of govern-
ment in conformity with the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States in all respects, framed by a convention of
delegates elected by the male citizens of said State,
twenty-one years old and upward, &c.—
and have complied with certain other terms,
they shall be entitled to readmission. Now, I
think we ought, so far as it is practicable for
us, as I said before, to bring home to the knowl-
edge of all the people of the rebel States the
proposal which we have made to them, so that
they may clearly understand it. And what
step is it possible for us to take more ac-
cordant with our duties in that regard than the
simple question put to them, " Will you form
a State government according to the acts of
Congress? Are you willing to accept of these
terms?" Of course this question will give
rise to discussion among them all, both white
and black, and it will render it more difficult
that they should hereafter be imposed upon by
demagogues and perfidious persons, who are
really not in the interest of the mass of the
Union people of the South, than it otherwise
would be; and although this is by no means
the only measure I would adopt in regard to
the preliminary steps, still I receive it with
acceptance and shall vote for it, and I hope
the Senate will adopt it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I like
the proposition of the honorable Senator from
Missouri vary well, and have no objection to
vote for it if I cannot get anything which satis-
fies me better, regarding it as an improvement
of the bill as it stands. But, sir, perhaps the
views which I entertain with regard to what
ought to be done differ very essentially from
those of what may be a considerable majority
of the Senate, and I will state them, although I
do not propose at present to move any amend-
ment to the bill, preferring to wait until I see
what is to be the fate of the proposition made
by the Senator from Missouri.
We have proposed to the people of these
States that in case they desire to return to the
Union they can do so upon complying with
certain propositions which we have ipade to
them. This was done in part with the ob-
ject of affording facilities to them to return if
they desired, and putting an end to the com-
mon remark, made by those who perhaps do
not always believe it themselves, that the ob-
jectofthe Union party is to prevent thereestab-
lishment of these States as States of the Union.
But, sir, there is one thing which I think was
omitted,, or which might have been more specif-
ically provided "for in that proposition, and
which., this bill does endeavor to. provide for,
and that is, to make it secure that all the peo-
ple who under that proposition have a right to
vote shall be so provided for as to their right
that they can execute it freely and understand-
ingly. It is with that view, as I understand,
that this proposition is made, that the com-
manding; general in each, of these States shall
make a, registration of voters as a preliminary
step to any action ; and that after having made
a registration of voters he shall take such steps
as shall secure the free exercise of the right of
voting to all who are entitled to vote. That is
very well; and not only very well, but very
essential. I agree to that so far as it goes; but
it does not strike me favorably. I confess that
we should go-further and make it the duty of
the commanding general to call a convention.
I do not think it is a part of our business to say
that a convention shall be called. We leave it,
or pretend to leave it, to the people to decide
that question.
What was our complaint of the President?
That he sent Governors into those States and
under military direction provided for the rees-
tablishment of the States themselves. Many
of us denounced that as a usurpation on the
part of th.e President, and said that he was
thrusting upon the people of these States an
establishment of government which they per-
haps did not call for. Now, sir, do we not
propose by this bill to do the same thing; to
send our general there, ostensibly under the
provisions of the act, to take care of the peo-
ple, to protect all of them, and see that their
rights are not invaded? "But by this bill we go
further, and say it shall be his duty, not only to
register the voters and see that they all exercise
their rights freely, but to call a convention and
to take control of the whole thing without ask-
ing the people whether they desire it or not.
I do not wish to expose myself to the chance
of that accusation.
Again, sir, it has been a common complaint,
and a complaint coming from precisely the
people who are in control of these governments,
that we desire to keep them out of the Union,
that they wish to get the States back, and that
the Union party in Congress and out of Con-
gress desire to prevent their return. We do
not avoid that by insisting that we shall take
the control of their organization, that we shall
force them back, that we shall settle the ques-
tion how they are to come back and when they
are to come back, that we shall appoint a con-
vention for them, for we do it when we put it
into the control of the general. I want the
expression to come from these very people
themselves, a free expression on the question,
" Do you desire to come back into the Union ;
what is your wish; if it is your wish express
itand Ishould like that expression to come
from these very provisional governments. They
were governments elected by the people in a
certain way. We have recognized their legal
existence as governments in these States. We
have said in the very act that we passed at the
last session that they are provisional govern-
ments. We have established that fact. It is
no longer in our mouths to deny, in any shape
or form, that they are legal provisional govern-
ments in these States after we have made them
so—not legal State governments; that we deny;
but legal provisional governments. We have
legalized them.
Now, sir, let me state what my mode of
action would be. I do not want them to be at
liberty to say in consequence of our action
afterward they did not want to come back,
that they did not mean to come back, that they
preferred to be independent, that they wished
to have nothing to do with us, or that they
desired to keep out and have as little to do
with us as possible, as they may say if we take
this course of proceeding. I do not want to
have that lie in their mouths, that they wished to
continue independent, but were not only invited
back, but fjreed back by otir action. There-
fore, sir, my mods would be in this matter to
provide that before any action whatever upon
the subject of a convention to form a State
constitution and establish a Slate government
there should be the registration that is provided
for by this bill, complete and- thorough, and
thatwhenthat registration was perfected a copy
of it should be placed in the hands of the pro-
visional government of the State, which- we
have recognized as provisional government;
and then when the provisional government,
elected by the people of a State, by solemn act
should express their desire for a convention
of the people to frame a State constitution and
a State government, the commanding general
should proceed as directed by this bill, and
take steps to see that a convention was called
and that it was properly guarded, and that
everybody had a right to vote, and then adopt
if yon. please all the other provisions of this
bill.
Indeed, I do not know what right we have no w
to ignore these governments as provisional gov-
ernments of the States. We have established
them, as I said before, we have recognized
them, we have made them legal. Have they
no functions to perform? Would it not be a
very proper function for them to say whether
they desired a convention or not 1 Then the
expression of that desire would come from the
very people from whom I want the expression
of the wish to come, in order that they may
not have an opportunity to taunt us hereafter
and say that we have been forcing them to do
what they did not desire to do. I would give
them the opportunity for a free expression of
opinion. I think that is the proper mode. I
would guard all the details carefully ; but as to
the expression itself, I say let it come.from the
very men from whom we wish to hear, and who
are the representatives of the people of the
several States so far as an election could make
them 80^ and so far as our act in legalizing
them as provisional governments can establish
that they are so.
I would prefer that. I do* not know any
other Senators who agree with me or with my
reasoning, but it addressed itself to my mind
as what ought to be done and what would be
perfectly consistent with our own action here-
tofore and with what we desire to accomplish.
I say now, sir, as I have often said on this
floor, that while I desire, strongly desire, that
the whole United States may be gathered to-
gether in one Union as soon as possible, going
on harmoniously, I do not want to take the
control of these people or force them back
into the Uuiou against their will, before they
wish to come. I have not that degree of anx-
iety on the subject, because if we do that we
shall have a very unhappy and disunited fam-
ily after they come back; nor, as I have before
remarked, do I wish them to have a pretense
tor saying that thia matter has been forced upon
them, any portion of them, a majority of them,
rebel or otherwise, before they were desirous
of reuniting themselves with us.
-1 do not deem it particularly important
where the expression of a desire for a con-
vention comes from, so that it is a fair expres-
sion of the popular will. If a convention was
proposed by the Legislature of a provisional
government, and then called by the command-
ing general under the limitations which this
bill provides, the amendment proposed by the
honorable Senator from Missouri might very
well come in as an addition, and let the peo-
ple, after the convention was called, and when
they came to vote, decide whether they, the
people, wanted one in accord with the wish
that had been expressed by the provisional
government, and then it would be a perfect
expression all around.
Now, sir, I shall not oppose particularly
what the majority desire to do. I am ready to
vote for this bill in some shape. I apprehend
that it cannot be put into a shape so objection-
able that I will not vote for it with the major-
ity of my friends on this floor ; but I confess
I should like it much better if the expression
of the popular will in these States were pro-
vided for in the mode I have pointed out.
