98
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
at the foundation, and consult this once dis-
loyal people and get from them a distinet and
clear answer whether upon the terms which we
have offered they are willing to reconstruct
their governments and return to the enjoyment
of the rights of sovereign States of this Union
under the Constitution. If they are willing,
that is. if a majority of them are willing, and
if they comply with all the terms we have pro-
posed, then, sir, I, for one, can no longer hesi-
tate in admitting them back into the Union;
but until this compliance has been made strictly,
fairly, and honestly ori the part of the rebel
States I will never consent to admit them back
into the Union.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think that this
amendment is necessary. I do not think the
fears that are entertained by gentlemen are
well founded. In the first place, the Senator
from Maine claims that we have no authority
to provide for calling a convention by the mil-
itary authorities from the fact that we have
recognized the provisional governments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not claim that
we had no authority. I only claimed that I
did not think it was wise to do it.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think we are
committed at all so far as that bill is concerned.
The sixth section of that bill provides for pre-
cisely such legislation as this, and if we had
authority to pass that bill we certainly are
acting in perfect harmony in continuing to
legislate on the same subject as herein pro-
vided. That section reserves the power of Con-
gress to modify these provisional governments,
to abolish them, or to do whatever it pleases
with them; so that this bill is in entire con-
formity and in the spirit of the original bill,
and there can be no objection to it on that
score.
This bill supplies a defect which all admit
ought to be supplied, the machinery and the
protection whereby the voice of the people can
be fairly heard. It first provides for a regis-
tration m a careful and fair manner. Tt then
provides for the election of delegates. It is
not proposed that at the time the question of
electing delegates is submitted to the people
we shall also submit the question of whether |
or not they will form a constitution, whether ;
they will have a convention at all or not. It I
seems to me that that is unnecessary ; that so
early in the discussion of this question the peo-
ple will be ill prepared to pass upon that ques-
tion. Let the convention meet; let it be dis-
cussed ; let there be discussion in the South
so that the people can understand the question.
The mode of electing the delegates is fair. All
the people are to have a right to participate in
it. They can elect delegates opposed to a con-
vention if they choose to do so, because in this
bill we have provided that when the conven-
tion meets it may dissolve by a vote of its own
body ; so that that issue can be raised on the
delegates sent to the convention ; that issue
can be kept before the people until the conven-
tion meets; that issue can be determined by
the delegates aft^r they assemble.
We inserted that provision for tho purpose
of meeting the views of those who desired that
there should be an expression of the people as
to the propriety of holding the convention.
We thought that on the first vote they might
not perhaps be properly informed as to whether
they would desire a convention or not; but
they can make the issue on the election of their
delegates. The delegates, when they have
assembled, will have learned the disposition of
the people, and then they can dissolve the con-
vention and end the whole proceedings; so that
it is no snap judgment forced upon the people.
Upon these questions they can all be heard.
Alter the formation of the constitution it is
submitted, not to a majority of the voters who
vote at the election, but a majority of the voters
who are registered; so that we must have an
overwhelming sentiment in the South in favor
of the constitution which shall have been
formed or it can be defeated then.
There are many who are opposed to this
provision. They say it places it in the hands
of the rebels, although they may be a minor-
ity, by keeping away from the polls to defeat
the wish of the majority, because it is almost
impossible to get out a full vote upon the ques-
tion of adopting a constitution. There will
not be individual candidates running through-
out the South at that time for the purpose of
getting their friends out to vote for them. _ It
is a well-ascertained fact that when a constitu-
tion is submitted alone, and there is no gen-
eral election, the vote is always very light.
Before this constitution can be ratified under
the amendment proposed by the committee
there must be at least two thirds of the people
of the South in favor of it. From the facil-
ities for keeping them from the polls, the dis-
inclination to go to the polls upon a question
of the adoption or rejection of a constitution,
there being no persons interested to bring the
voters to the poll?, I say, practically, from my
experience in seeing constitutions submitted
in the Territories, it will take two thirds of the
people of the South to be in favor of it, and
warmly in favor of it, to get a majority of all
the voters to the polls and get a vote that will
ratify the constitution that is then submitted.
So that there is no undue haste about this
matter. The people are consulted at every
step, and it is impossible that they should be
dragged in here against their will bv this bill.
It is in the power of the rebels themselves, if
they want to do so, to stay out under this bill.
Mr. President, the rebels have got. power
enough now; they have as much power as I
propose to intrust to them, to prevent the
South being represented here, to prevent the
loyal people from having representation in
Congress. They have a good deal of motive
to do it under this bill, for many of them are
disfranchised and excluded from office. They
have enough motive and enough power to keep
the South fiom representation in Congress. I
do nor, wish to place any more clogs upon this
machinery. I folly concur with the Senator
from Indiana. Ho expressed my views exactly
upon the question. It is time that we allowed
an expression of the loyal people in the South.
It is time that we gave them an opportunity to
struggle to come back here and berepresented.
In that struggle I predict that they will develop
a Ioval element that will help to sustain this
Government. Give them the chance to vote
on both sides. Keep the political questions
before them. Let them divide from interest or
principle as they choose. Whenever the South
has two parties the rebellion is ended, and not
till then. Whenever you can have two parties,
whenever you can have a division of senti-
ment in the South, then the South will govern
itself. If you place it in the hands of the
rebels to keep all the people in the same situa-
tion that they are; if you place it beyond a
peradventure in the power of those whom you
have disfranchised by" this bill to keep the
loyal men in their situation, to keep the loyal
men disfranchised, as many of them will have
an inclination to do, you have but one party
there, and that is a party opposed to your
Government. Give those who desire to return
a fair opportunity.
I do not contend for giving a minority who
desire to come in here such an opportunity
that it shall be unfair, that they will be in here
against the will of the people. I am opposed
to that. I do not believe in minority govern-
ments ; but under this bill there is no possibil-
ity of a minority government. In the final
action there must not only be a majority, but
any man who is acquainted with the practical
operation of the provision which submits the
constitution to a majority of all the registered
voters, knows that practically it will take two
thirds or three fourths of the people to ratify
that government.
Then, I say, remove from Congress this dis-
cussion, and let them have discussion in the
South : but if you place it entirely within the
power of the disfranchised rebels to yeto your
action, your whole reconstruction policy will be
abortive.
Mr. President, I think it is important for this
country that the Union should be restored. I
think it is important for the Union party, which
has saved this country and carried on this war,
that it shall accomplish this great work, and
accomplish it on the great principles of justice
and humanity ; that it shall protect the rights
of all; that it shall make every man equal be-
fore the law; that it shall make loyalty honor-
able and disloyalty odious. I believe that it is
the work of the Union party. I believe that
the Union party, the predominant party in
Congress, .has been for the last six weeks
working exactly in the right direetion. I be-
lieve that this bill will consummate the work,
and that it will be seen that the great party
which could raise artaies and subdue this
gigantic rebellion could protect its friends in
the South when the war closed, could restore
the Union on the principles of justice, could
make all men free and equal throughout this
broad land. I am glad to see Congress com-
ing up to the work and stating frankly and
squarely its purposes. I am glad to see it
meet the issues, and meet them sauarely.
Sir, we dare not delay this work. We have
no security against ourselves. We have to be
our own security that we will remain of the
same mind, and that we will love human rights
as we now do. We, I say, have to be our own
security while we leave this work unaccom-
plished. A financial crash may come upon us.
Troubles of other sorts, complications of various
kinds may arise. If this great work is not
accomplished it may happen that the rebels
who will have the power under your proposed
amendments to obstruct this bill and prevent
its going into operation, to obstruct reconstruc-
tion, may, in the turn of human events, accom-
plish their purposes. We maybe in no con-
dition to protect our friends. The country has
indorsed this measure. It accomplishes all that
I have heard claimed from any source. I have
heartftio demands from any source beyond these.
There have been suggestions, but there has
been no action of Congress demanding more.
I am opposed to putting in this bill anything
that shall tend merely to delay, because when
everything is ready, fit to be done, the quicker
it is done the better.
Mr. .lOHiSrSON. I agree entirely with the
honorable member from Indiana that it is our
duty, and the duty of the people of the States
who are now excluded from representation, to
bring them back as soon as possible. The
Government, according to my understanding
of it, cannot subsist long with States out of
the Union. It is a Government of States;
and the theory upon which it rests is that the
States are as important to the Government of
the Union as that Government is important to
to the people and to the States. We may have
a sickly existence, and for a time apparently
a healthful existence, with ten States of the
Union in the condition in which ten of the
States now are ; but to my mind it is per-
fectly certain that unless that state of things is
changed, and changed soon, we shall be in-
volved in serious trouble. Our finances will
suffer from the effect of that.condition most
deleteriously. The credit of the nation, too, as
a nation, not only financially, but otherwise,
will bo very much impaired.
I hold (and in that opinion I have con-
curred with the majority of the Senate, and 1
believe with the entire Senate as it is now
composed) that there did not exist in the
States of the Union any authority by which
they could legally escape from the Union ; that
the attempt to escape, therefore, was of itself
illegal, and imposed upon us the duty of arrest-
ing and defeating it, not for the mere purpose
of arresting and defeating an insurrection, but
for the purpose of restoring the Union. We
have arrested, we have defeated it; and yet the
Union is not what the Union was. Ten States
are now not represented ; and the only ques-
tion for us to decide is whether it is not our
duty, in some form or other, and at the earlies'
practicable moment, to bring them back, that
this fnay be what our fathers intended it, a
government of States.
