100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
and after the admission of their" representa-
tives, on the next occasion of revising their
constitutions, suppose they strike it oat and
substitute a provision ordaining viva voce vot-
ing, what is the Senator, or what are we going
to do about it?
Mr. DRAKE. Is that the whole of the Sen-
ator's question?
Mr. CONKLING. I was going to ask
another question, but I should like to have an
answer to that'.
Mr. DRAKE. If they form a constitution
with a clause in it such as this amendment
proposes, to wit, that they shall never do this
thing without the consent of Congress, and
they do it without the consent of Congress,
then they have violated an express stipulation
in the constitution that they formed and an
express contract with this Government; and
I, for one, would be prepared to say that they
should not have Senators or Representatives
in these Halls as long as that violation existed.
Mr. CONKLING. That is, the Senator
would turn them out on that violation of this
act ?
Mr. DRAKE. Certainly, without a moment's
hesitation.
Mr. CONKLING. Well, Mr. President, I
have only to say, if the Senator will indulge
me, that it would be rather an awkward thing
to do in a good many respects; and it would
be especially awkward in view of the fact that
the Supreme Court has decided, I think re-
peatedly, certainly in one case that I well
remember, which originated in Alabama, that
any such compact would be utterly and abso-
lutely void for all purposes.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not understand that the
Supreme Court has ever decided any such
thing as that; there can be no such contract
valid between the General Government and a
State government. I remember that such a
compact was formed between the Congress of
the United States and the State of Missouri
when it came into the Union, and it has' been
regarded as binding upon both Congress and
the State of Missouri from that day to this.
But, sir, is the point taken by the gentleman,
that we might have difficulty in dealing with a
violation of this compact between these States
and the Union, any reason why we should not
say to these States now, "If you come back,
you have to come back under such a compact?"
Sir, I hold that there is an obligation resting
upon Congress here to protect the loyal people
of these States by every means in our power, to
the very last extremity. If Congress can see
that it is a protection to the loyal people of
these States in the future to require a particular
mode of voting, I hold that there is just as much
an obligation upon Congress to do that thing as
there is to send its armies down there to pro-
tect the loyal people from the bayonet and the
bullet of their oppressor. Sir, it is unneces-
sary, in my judgment, to the course of remark
which I made that the gentleman should put
this supposititious case in the future.
Mr. CONKLING. May I interrupt the
Senator one moment again if I do not tres-
pass? I inquire of the Senator whether in the
case of the compact to which T understand he
refers—I did not hear him perfectly—between
his own State and the General Government it
is not true that his State with impunity from
that day to this has denied that compact and
preserved upon its statute-book a statute in
open defiance of it?
Mr. DRAKE. I am not aware of that fact.
If the gentleman will specify what he refers to
I may be able to answer him.
Mr. CONKLING." Is there not now, or
was there not until very recently, I do not
refer to recent legislative changes which I
know have taken place there, but np to the
time of the breaking out of the rebellion, was
there not a statute in Missouri forbidding the
entrance of free negroes into that State ?
Mr. DRAKE. There was a statute passed,
if my memory serves me, in 1847, which did
not prohibit free negroes from coming into
that State, but which declared that all who
came into that State after a certain date should
be reduced to slavery.
Mr. CONKLING. Precisely.
Mr. DRAKE. It is one of those dark stains
upon the escutcheon of Missouri which through
the mercy of God and the rebellion we have
wiped out forever.
Mr. CONKLING. The point however, Mr.
President, which I wish to present is, that
there is an instance cited on the other side, in
which a State did with impunity for a long
period of time and against all comers, nobody
challenging the right in the regard of which
we are now speaking, defy and set at naught
by the severest and most odious provisions just
such a fundamental compact as is contained
in this amendment. It may have been very
wrong, but there is the fact that she did it, and
did it successfully.
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir; and why was it
never in quired into by the judiciary of the coun-
try or by Congress? Simply because no case
ever arose under the act, no attempt was ever
made to reduce the colored people that came
into that State after the designated day into
slavery. Had it been done, then the power
of the nation through Congress or through the
judiciary would have been invoked to over-
throw that iniquitous act.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the honorable
Senator from Missouri allow me to ask my
friend from New York a question on the same
point?
Mr. CONKLING. I do not object if the
Senator from Missouri does not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from New York, suppose there should be
precisely such a provision adopted in the con-
stitution of the State of Virginia, for example,
with a proviso that it should not be changed
without the assent of Congress, and the con-
stitution should be accepted by Congress as it
stood, that would form a compact to that ex-
tent undoubtedly ; I presume the Senator will
not deny that. Now, then, if Representatives
shouldbe elected under a change of the consti-
tution without the assent of Congress, by viva
voce vote, and should come here, and the House
of Representatives should choose to say that
that compact existing they were not legally
elected and should not hold their seats, what
could the Supreme Court do about it?
Mr. CONKLING. I should say that the
Supreme Court could do nothing, and that
Congress could do everything ; that each House
of Congress, acting alone, under the constitu-
tional provision giving it a right to judge of the
elections, qualifications, and returns of its own
members, could repudiate such an election as
that, and also that the repudiation would be
competent on the ground suggested by the Sen-
ator from Maine, that it was at the instant a fla-
grant violation of one of the vital terms upon
which alone Representatives were to be admit-
ted. But that, I submit to the Senate, is as
far as the East from the West from the propo-
sition we are discussing here, which is to imbed
in this bill a provision under which for all
future time in undergoing the changes to which
they may be subject these constitutions shall
never cease to contain a provision prescribing
acertain mode of voting. Now, I submit to
him that these members, being once admitted,
by the act of admitting them, as was said by a
great publicist in regard to another matter, we
have exercised a power, which gone for the
moment is gone forever; and if they change
their constitution after that, we could never
turn them out any more than we can at present
turn out the Senators from Oregon, for exam-
ple, which is one of the States, I understand,
now defying what is called a fundamental com-
pact under which it came in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There might be some
points where we should not have power to
enforce it, but in the individual, instance,
either with regard to Senators or Represent-
atives, the power to enforce that provision,
that compact, if you please to call it so, is in
the hands of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives when acting upoti the election of
members of the respective Houses.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
Mr. DRAKE. With all respect, I have
given way to gentlemen long enough, I think.
Mr. SUMNER. Will my friend from Mis-
souri allow me to ask my friend from New
York a question just on that very point? _
Mr. DRAKE. Will not the Senator from
Massachusetts be so kind as to allow me to
say the few words I have to say, and then he
can ask the Senator from New York the ques-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Missouri is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, the gentle-
man from New York is evidently very compla-
cent indeed with regard to his point. I judge,
from the manner in which he put it and from
the remarks which he made, that he thinks it
is quite a clincher. But, sir, I have a word
further to say about it. I answered him on
the instant that if any State did such a thing
as disregard the compact which this would
impose, if it were adopted and put into the
constitution, we would throw their Senators
and Representatives out of these Halls. On
further reflection I stand to it; and I do it
upon the reason suggested by the honorable
Senator from Maine, that if a State, after having
formed its constitution and entered into this
compact, should send up representatives here
elected by a viva voce vote, in direct defiance
of its own contract with this Government, we
would thrust them out of the Halls of the rep-
resentatives just as quickly as wo would have
done in times past representatives that had
been elected by the slave population of those
States in defiance of their constitutions. Then,
suppose one of those States having this change
made in its constitution of the system of vot-
ing, from the ballot to viva voce, should elect
a Legislature by viva voce vote, and that Legis-
lature should send Senators into this Hall, I
say that the Senate would be justified in re-
fusing seats on this floor to the men who were
elected by that means,'elected through a direct
violation of the compact entered into between
the State and the United States. And, sir, if
ever such an occasion should come.up in after
years, mark the prediction: that if we have
men here who have the nerve to do their duty,
such Senators and Representatives would be
turned away from this Capitol. There is the
remedy for the case the gentleman from New
York thinks he has so conclusively put to me.
But, sir, there is no danger of that thing.
Once get the mode of voting by ballot fairly
in the hands of a majority of the people down
there, and they will be very likely to take care
of it; but what I want is that while this na-
tion is undertaking to reconstruct these States
upon the principle of loyalty to the Union,
upon the principle of protecting the loyal
people, the work shall be done thoroughly.
Sir, I come from a State where we have dealt
with this rebellion in some of its foulest as-
pects ; and we have learned.there through a
long and bitter experience that the only way
to deal with it is to apply the knife, deep and
strong down, to the very fibers of the roots,
leave not a single atom in which to germinate a
future rebellion. I come here, sir, I do not
hesitate to avow in open Senate on the first
occasion when I have undertaken to address
this august body, that I come here as a repre-
sentative, not of a conservative radicalism,
but of a radical radicalism, which believes in
doing and not in half doing.
I regret very much, indeed, Mr. President,
to have discovered, or thought I had discov-
ered, in the brief time I have been here, that
there is such a thing on the floor of this Sen-
ate as conservative radicalism ; and I tell any
gentleman who is nursing conservative radical-
ism that that is not the radicalism of the peo-
ple. We might as well, far removed as we
are from the people by our position as Sen-
ators, remember that there is a people to whom
