104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
say that in my judgment we cannot require it
in all time to come of these States. I do not
think that upon the admission of a State we
should vary the terms that we have usually
employed in the admission of States, namely,
that when admitted they are upon equal terms
with the other States. I believe that it is uni-
versal; I may be mistaken, but I do not
remember that any State has ever been admit-
ted into the Union that that language was not
used.
Mr. JOHNSON. Equal in all respects ?
Mr. HENDERSON. In all respects, upon
an equal footing with the other States of the
Union. If such a provision should be required
of one of these States, it certainly, when ad-
mitted, would not be upon an equal footing
with the States already in. It would be re-
quiring, not as in the case of Missouri, that a
provision of the Federal Constitution should
not be violated, but it would be requiring some-
thing at their hands that is not required-in the
Federal Constitution. If I understand the
rights of the States it has always been admit-
ted that a State might adopt or reject the bal-
lot system.
Now, I will state to the Senator from Indi-
ana [Mr. Morton] that my colleague's amend-
ment does not accomplish what he desires. It
does not provide for a secret ballot, but a closed
ballot. Hence, the very end desired by the
Senatorfrom Indiana will not be accomplished.
The elosed ballot yet enables the planter to
ascertain how the negro has voted without any
trouble; and to go beyond the closed ballot
will, I humbly suggest to the Senator from
•Indiana, be going too far, because it will be
opening the door to frauds which may be per-
fetrated on the other side. The secret ballot, as
understand it, is a ballot where it is impossible
to ascertain the name of the party that votes ; but
the closed ballot, on the other hand, enables
us to examine the ballot-box and ascertain
how individuals vote. The ballot is numbered
and put into the box, and hence it is an easy
matter to determine how any man has voted.
The'secret ballot, on the other hand, opens the
door to frauds innumerable; and I believe the
very great objection which was presented here
in 1857 and 1858, with regard to the Kansas
constitution, was that the voting was by secret
ballot; and we know the frauds that were per-
petrated in that State upon the occasion of
electing delegates, and also in the vote upon
the constitution. I am not prepared to vote
for the secret ballot; but if the closed ballot
is adopted the very difficulty that my colleague
and the Senator from Indiana want to avoid
will not be avoided, and it will not accomplish
what they desire.
Now, Mr. President, I have said enough to
indicate my views on this subject. I cannot
vote for the amendment, because I think that
it would be inexpedient to adopt it, however
constitutional it might be; but I think it has
been clearly admitted on all hands that we
cannot constitutionally require it after a State
has been admitted.
Mr. MORTON. One word in explanation.
By the secret ballot I mean a ballot upon which
the voter does not put his name, which he folds
up and puts into the box, and you cannot pos-
sibly tell who voted that ticket unless by the
color of the paper or some particular form of
folding which may be observed by those who
are present. I do not mean a ballot that is
numbered to bear a corresponding number to
that on the poll-book, by which a man's vote
may be ascertained, but I mean the ordinary
way of voting in the western and I believe in
nearly all the States—a ticket blank on one
side and printed on the other, which is folded
up and put into the box, and the vote cannot
be told unless by the color of the paper or some
other sign that party politicians sometimes un-
derstand who manipulate such matters.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is it not often the case
that the paper is colored or marked in some
way?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to inquire of
the Senator from Indiana how an election in
which the ballots were cast in that way could
ever be contested? In my State the ballots are
numbered, the numbers corresponding with the
numbers on the poll-book, so as to show, in
case illegal votes are put in, exactly how many
ought to be there. Unless something of that
kind is done how are you ever going to ascer-
tain that there is not ballot-box stuffing ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. I think, Mr. President,
that the advantages of the vote by ballot, as it
is familiarly termed, have been overestimated,
overestimated both in this country and abroad
in former years, and I believe the inclination of
mind with all those who have investigated po-
litical questions of this description in recent
years has been in favor of the immediate or
ultimate abandonment of this mode of taking
the sense of the electoral body. Why, sir, we
all know that throughout the entire North and
West, wherever elections are held in a form
intended to be secret or to secure secresy in
point or fact, it is known how almost every
individual elector casts his vote; the fact
transpires ; it is known beforehand, or the fact
is obtained at the time the vote is given. I
suppose that, practically speaking, pretty much
the only result obtained by a system of voting
by ballot in this country is the opportunity for
a very adroit and cunning person to deceive
others: that is, it leads to nothing but decep-
tion, and deception which can only be practiced
by the cunning, and which cannot be and is not
practiced by the simple, for whose protection
the system was originally established. It is
idle to attempt to protect the employ6 from the
influence of his employer by a system of this
kind. That independence must rest upon a
more stable foundation ; it must have its root,
its source, in the intellectual qualities of the
elector himself. If he be a subservient man
his employer will dictate his vote, and your
system of secresy will be no protection to the
public against his influence.
One other remark, and I will conclude. I
object to the attempt in this manner to estab-
lish immutable principles in formation of con-
stitutions in this country. I think the idea
which obtained in former years in the State of
New York and in many other States of sub-
jecting the question of constitutional reform
to a vote at stated and periodical intervals of
time was a wise and sagacious one. We have
gone from the beginning upon the principle
that political improvement has no limit and no
boundary, and that as we discover an improve-
ment we shall possess the means, the facilities
for establishing it in practice. Now, sir, this
system of vote by ballot, if not wholly incon-
sistent with further electoral reform, will be, at
least it may be found, exceedingly inconvenient
in attempting to secure such reform.
I hope, sir, to see the day when votes given
by the citizens will be registered in an open and
public manner, and be kept in a repository under
the security of law, so that every ballot can be
examined, at least for a considerable period
after the election is held. I hope also to find
it provided that these votes so registered and
preserved shall be given by the citizen in such
manner that we shall secure, what we intended
to secure originally, an actual representation
of the whole mass of the people, instead of a rep-
resentation of only a part, which is our present
imperfect system. We may advance to this if
we are not fettered by absurd obstacles set up
in blindness and in contempt of the wisdom of
the future. We may obtain a reform which
will reach the point which I have stated, pos-
sibly, first by taking the system of cumulative
voting, allowing the elector, where there are a
dozen candidates in a State to be elected, to
cumulate his vote upon any number less than
the whole, by which it will happen inevitably
that each political interest in a community will
obtain a representation exactly proportioned to
its numbers and to its weight in the social body.
Then we may possibly advance fui^her and
obtain that which is sought, at least sought to
be_ explained in recent publications byprofound
thinkers abroad, a system of personal repre-
sentation by which, at all events in large States
and where large numbers of persons are to be
elected to office, each elector may be enabled
to vote for a man who will be chosen and who
will represent in point of fact the persons who
vote for him, and not upon theory,-which is
falsehood, represent other persons who do not.
Thesereformsare necessary, in my judgment,
if our republican system is to continue, if it is
to go on and accomplish the results which were
intended when the system was originally estab-
lished and the results of which it is capable.
However, sir, as I suppose there is very lit-
tle peril or danger in the present case that this
amendment will be adopted, I do not intend to
protract the discussion upon it. I desired only
to say enough to indicate the leading reasons
for my dissent from it, and why I shall vote
against its adoption.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
There are a large number of messages on the
table that ought to be referred.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. Let us
dispose of this amendment first. It is only
four o'clock, and it is very desirable that we
should get along with this bill.
Mr. FOWLER. We shall not be able to
reach a vote to-night.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us get to the vote
on this amendment at least.
The PRESIDENT pra tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mis-
souri.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no objection
to withdrawing the motion if we can have a
vote without further discussion; but if any
Senators are desirous to debate the question
further I must insist on my motion, for I wish
to have these executive messages referred. It
is necessary it should be done.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There will be time to
refer the messages ; it is only four o'clock.
We are not in the habit of adjourning before
five. If there is to be more speaking let us
hear it now.
Mr. HENDERSON. I withdraw the mo-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri to the amendment of the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I-do not care
to say anything more at this time in regard to
this amendment if there are other Senators
who wish to speak. All I wish is the privilege,
which I believe is always accorded to the mover
of a proposition, to close the debate upon it.
If any other gentleman wishes to speak I will
give way to him.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to say a word
upon this amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON. If the Senator desires
to speak, I hope he will give way if he would
as lief speak to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Only one word, he says.
Mr. HENDERSON. We shall not get a
vote this evening.
Mr. SUMNER. I, too, have something to
Mr. HENDERSON. Will the Senator from
Oregon yield?
Mr. CORBETT. I have a very few words
to say; I do not make long speeches. I merely
wish to explain the effect of the viva voce sys-
tem of voting as it exists in our State. The
viva voce system was established in our State
during the Democratic reign; and since the
commencement of this rebellion that party has
been very desirous to repeal the act establish-
ing it. As time progressed we desired toknow
who were the loyal people, and who those were
who were in sympathy with the rebellion, and
we found a very convenient system established
for that purpose in this mode of voting, and
the loyal people of Oregon then opposed the
repeal of the act, and we found it very advan-
tageous to us in securing and maintaining loy-
alty in the State of Oregon.
I believe that this amendment proposed by
the Senator from Missouri will rfot accomplish
