1867.
THE CONGEBSSIONAL GLOBE.
1m
the object he desires. I expect to see the time
when those who were in sympathy with and
who inaugurated this rebellion will be odious
in the eyes of the people of the South as well
as of the whole Union, and when those who
have maintained and sustained the Government
in this tryingtime will be honored and elevated
rn that portion of the country. I think' that
the people there who are to inaugurate these
new governments, who are to control them in
the outset, will in the first instance provide for
voting by ballot; but as they progress, if they
shall see_ the necessity for a change, if they
shall desire to establish the system of viva voce
voting, I wish so to leave them that they shall
have that privilege. But the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Missouri places it
entirely out of the power of the loyal people
of the South, if they desire to change the sys-
tem of voting from the ballot to viva voce to
do so.
The planters, the wealthy men, by their
wealth may influence the votes of those sim-
ple-minded people who are employed by them,
many of whom do not know how to read.
Those loyal men who are looking after the
interests of those people may see that it is
necessary to establish the system of viva voce
voting in the progress of the times in order
to protect these men from imposition. I see
the time coming when it will be necessary per-
haps for them to establish that system; and
therefore, as a matter of expediency and as a
matter that I think is for the benefit of those
people, I feel it my duty to vote against the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Missouri.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move th9t the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. I desire
to state as a reason for not going into execu-
tive session now that we ought not to act in
this way unless it is the intention of Senators
to stay here and continue Congress in session.
Are we to have an hour or two's debate on an
amendment, and then adjourn? It will be
discussed as long probably to-morrow as to-
day. I apprehend there are some Senators
who may be willing to protract debate on
these side amendments and take up time and
keep Congress in session here until the dog-
days ; but I do not believe that is the intention
ofthe Senate. If it is not, let us sit until the
usual hour, half past four o'clock, before we
go into executive business or do any other
business than consider the bill under consider-
ation. I hope we shall not go into executive
session now.
Mr. DRAKE. I suppose the remarks of
the Senator from Illinois has reference to me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; I have no
reference to the gentleman.
Mr. DRAKE. So far as time is concerned,
all the time that is spent here in making this
bill all that it ought to be, under the circum-
stances of this ease, is time well spent, even
if it does take us to the dog-days.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am very far from
attempting to interfere with the progress of this
bill, and [ do not wish to make any motion
that the Senator from Illinois, who has it in
charge, may consider inimical to it. I desire to
have speedy action on it. My only object was
to get some executive messages that were lying
on the table referred, but if the Senator insists
upon it I withdraw the motion.
ThePRESIDENTpro tempore. The motion
is withdrawn. The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Drake. ]
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, if there is any
Other gentleman who wishes to speak I will
not 
Mr. SUMNER. I understood there were
several Senators who wished to speak.
Mr. DRAKE- Very well.
Mr. SUMNER. Though I suppose they
were all naturally reluctant to speak to a Sen-
ate that had become so impatient as this is
now. I certainly have no desire to intrude
my opinions oa this question upon a reluctant
Senate; I think we had better, therefore,
now proceed to the consideration of .executive
business. I believe we have arrived at a
natural stage in the -course of this discussion,
and that the interests of our business will be
best consulted now by going on with the exec-
utive business. ["Make the motion."] I
move, therefore, that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
Mr. CONNESS. Upon that motion I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 21 j as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Buckalew, Cameron, Chandler,
Cole, Dixon, Drake, Fessenden, Fowler, Henderson,
Hendricks. Morrill of Maine, Morton, Norton, Pat-
terson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross, Sum-
ner, Thayer, Van Winkle, Wade, and Wilson—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Conkling, Con-
ness, Corbett, Cragm. Davis, Doolittle, Ferry, Fre-
linghuysen, Harlan, Howe, Johnson, Morgan, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Nye. Patterson of New Hampshire,
Tipton, Trumbull, Williams, and Yates—21.
ABSENT — Messrs. Edmunds, Grimes, Guthrie,
Howard, Riddle, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague,
Stewart, and Willey—10.
So the motion was agreed to.
house bill referred.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 6) placing
certain troops of Missouri on an equal footing
with others as to bounties, was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
executive session.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business; and after some time spent
in executive session, the doors were reopened,
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE 01? REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 14, 1807.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
election contest delano vs. morgan.
The SPEAKER presented papers in the
contested-election ease of Delano vs. Morgan;
which were referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions. *
election contest iiogan vs. tile.
The SPEAKER also presented papers in the
case of Hogan vs. Pile; which were referred to
the same committee.
overissues of currency and bonds.
Mr. COVODE. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following preamble and resolutions:
Whereas statements have been made on the floor
of this House and in the columns of the press, to the
effect that grave irregularities and delmqucnciesexist
in the Currency Bureau and other branches of the
Treasury Department that there have been over-
issues of currency, that the Government bonds of
various denominations have been duplicated, and
that coupons of duplicated bonds have been presented
for redemption and paid; and whereas such state-
ments are calculated to cause great uneasiness in
business circles; and vrhereas it is duo to the officers
and servants of the Treasniy Department that such
statements should be inquired into, and, if ground-
less, should be authoritatively and definitively con-
tradicted a.nd set at rest; and it is due to the people
of theUnited States that, if true, such delinquencies
and malversations a,s have been charged on the floor
of this House and elsewhere should be exposed and
corrected: Therefore,
Be it resolved, That a committee offivebe appointed
whose duty it shall be, and they are hereby author-
ized and empowered, to investigate all such charges,
to examine the accounts, books, and records of the
Treasury Department, and to report to this House as
early as practicable: First. The present outstanding
indebtedness of theGovernmentof the United States,
as far as it is practicable to ascertain it, as repre-
sented by currency, bonds, interest notes, or other
promisestopay. Second. Thedefieiencies.il any exist,
exhibited by such hooks, accounts, and papers. Hard.
The amount of currency, if any, issued over and
above what appears by the books of the Treasury De-
partment. Fourth. If duplicate five-twenty, seven-
thirty, or ten-forty bonds and coupons oi the Uni-
ted States have been sent in for redemption and
payment, and how many such bonds and coupons
have been redeemed and paid. Fifth. Astoanyotlier
irregularities that may bo called to the attention of
the committee, and upon which they may deem it
advisable to report. .
Resolved, That said committee be authorized and
empowered to hold their sessions during the sessions
of the House and recess of Congre,=.s, and that they
be furthermore empowered to send for persons and
papers, and to report at any time,
Mr. CHANLElt. I object.
Mr. COVODB. I move' to suspend the
rules.
The SPEAKER. The rules cannot be sus-
pended on this day.
Mr. COVODE. I give notice, then, that I
will move to suspend the rules on Monday.
Mr. CHANLER., Ib it in order to ask the
gentleman to make his resolution-more specific
in order that we may understand what he is
aiming at?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order.
Mr. CHANLER. I will then suggest a
modification. The gentleman speaks in the
preamble of irregularities that may be found to
exist in the Treasury Department which lie de-
sires should come under the cognizance of the
committee to be appointed. Now, although
that may mean something, yet it is too indefinite
to be of any value as the basis of any charge
against the Department.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions are not
before the House.
congressional elections. '
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to fix the time for the election of
Representatives and Delegates in the Congress
of the United States; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
eight-hoots SYSTEM.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill constituting eight hours a day's
work for all mechanics and laborers employed
by or on behalf of the Government of the
United States; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the bill be
reported.
The bill was accordingly reported.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest that there is
probably no objection to this bill and that we
may as well dispose of it now.
Mr. JULIAN. I should be very glad to
have it disposed of now.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection ?
Mr. STEVENS. I object.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
lutheran church in washington.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to incorporate the German
Independent Evangelical Lutheran Congre-
gation of St. John, in the city of Washing-
ton ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
congressional directory.
Mr. MILLER. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be, and
arehereby, requested to inform the House underwhose
supervision the Congressional Directory of the For-
tieth Congress is published, and why its publication
was not delayed until tho committees were appointed
and the names corrected.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the Committee on Printing has not yet been
appointed. The Chair will also state that there
is a law requiring this Directory to be prepared
for publication by the clerk of the joint Com-
mittee on Printing within six days of the com-
mencement of the session.
Mr. MILLER. I move, then, that the reso-
lution be referred to the Committee on Print-
ing when appointed.
The motion was agreed to.
sailors' pay.
Mr. WOOD, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the petition of Hon. John T.Hoffman
and other citizens of New York, asking for the
extension of the same privilege to sailors hon-
orably discharged as is now extended by law
to soldiers ; which was ordered to be referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs when ap-
pointed.
