106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
wreck of steamship scotland.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I move that'the House
proceed to business on the Speaker's table, with
the view of taking up a Senate resolution.
The SPEAKER. Thatwould require unani-
mous consent. If the committees should first
be called for reports, it would then be in the
power of a majority to proceed to business on
the Speaker's table. If no objection be made
the House can do it now.
No objection being made, the House pro-
ceeded_ to the consideration of Senate joint
resolution for the repeal of the joint resolution
providing for the removal of the wreck of the
steamship Scotland, approved January 9,1867.
The joint resolution received its several
readings, and was passed.
printing paper.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the reply of the Congressional
Printer to the resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives of March 11, 1867, respecting the
purchase of printing paper; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
colorado contested election.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a question of
privilege. I desire to make a report from the
Committee of Elections on the contested-elec-
tion case from the Territory of Colorado. I
ask that the resolution accompanying the
report be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the papers and evidence relating to
the right of A. C. Hunt and George M. Chillcott to a
seat in the United States Congress as aDelegate from
the Territory of Colorado be refened to the Commit-
tee of Eleetions, with instructions to report which, if
either, of said claimants is entitled thereto; and that
the committee have power to require the service of
such notices, and grant such time for taking further
evidence, as they may deem proper.
The resolution and the report were laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KERR. I submit a minority report ac-
companied by a resolution declaring that A. C.
Hunt, one of the claimants, is entitled prima
facie to the seat.
The minority report was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
Mr. TJPSON. I would inquire whether the
two reports will be printed together?
The SPEAKER. Such reports always are.
Mr. BEAMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that when the
House adjourns it adjourn to meet on Mon-
day next.
Mr. RaxBall's motion was not agreed to.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Beamax, it was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at twelve o'clock and twenty-five minutes
p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under the
rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. CAKE: The petition of workingmen of
Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, numerously signed,
asking Congress to legislate for those whose daily
bread is earned by the sweat of their brows, and to
remain in session until a proper tariff for the protec-
tion of American industry becomes a law.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa: The petition of
citizens of Iowa and Dakota, in relation to the Sioux
city and Pacific railroad.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 15, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. Isaac Wescott, D. D., of
New York.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
recess.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that, unless other-
wise ordered, the Senate at five o'clock this
afternoon take a recess until half past seven.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not see any occasion
for that at this early stage of the session.
Mr, TRUMBULL. The occasion for it is
to finish the bill we have under consideration.
Mr. POMEROY. We may be able to get a
vote on it before five o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If we do, we can dis-
pense with the recess; but from the indications 
yesterday I do not see any propect of getting a
vote by that time.
Mr. POMEROY. I am willing to_ take a
recess and continue during the evening and
night, if necessary, to pass the bill; but I hope
we can get a vote before five o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope so, too.
Mr. SUMNER. I see no occasion for press-
ing a bill of such importance in this way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust the Senate does,
from the very fact of its being important.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that this course
will be taken, and that the Senate by a suffi-
cient vote will show their determination to pass
the bill at an early day. There is an evident
disposition on the part of some Senators to
procrastinate the consideration of the measure
with a view of continuing this session. This
is done disregardful of the wishes of many
Senators who desire to bring the session to a
close, and disregardful, too, as I think, of the
settled conviction of the country, that after we
have disposed of the most imperative business
demanding our attention we should go from
here, and let the business of the country have
rest and peace. I hope the Senate will deter-
mine to act upon this measure definitely within
the earliest possible time, and for my part I am
willing to sit to-night until it is done.
Mr. DRAKE. I should be glad if the Sen-
ator from California would specify the Senators
to whom he refers when he says that there is
an evident disposition to procrastinate action
on this bill.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, if my hon-
orable friend from Missouri, to use a homely
phrase, is to carry a chip on his shoulder and
imagine that every reference made here is made
to him, he will find it very disagreeable, indeed.
I reply to him as a Senator did yesterday, that
he was not in my mind. I have the right to
make such a reference as I did without being
called to account.
Mr. DRAKE. No doubt, Mr. President,
the Senator from California has an undoubted
right to make such a reference; but as it so
happens that yesterday in the discussion of
this bill I was the only member who attempted
to amend it, I did nqj; see that there was any
other application of the gentleman's remark
which could have been intended but to me. I
wish to say, sir, in regard to this matter, that I
have no disposition to procrastinate action upon
the bill one moment longer than is necessary
to put it in a shape in which, according to my
judgment, it is best for the interests of the
country that it should be put.
I have to say further, in regard to the dura-
tion of this session, that those gentlemen who
in the Thirty-Ninth Congress passed the act
requiring this session to be held ought not, in
my opinion, to be the very first to endeavor to
cut it short. I do not know what the new Sen-
ators and Representatives were brought here
for in this extra session if it was not to give
full attention to the public interests to every
extent that the public interests require. And,
sir, now is not the time, in my opinion, for us
to be impatient to get away from here until we
have guarded every point in reference to the
public interests.
Mr. CONNESS. There has been nothing
said that I am aware as to the old or new Sen-
ators but by my honorable friend from Missouri.
The Thirty-Ninth Congress are doubtless re-
sponsible for what they did during their offi-
cial period : and for my part I have no apology
to make for any part that I had in their action.
My friend, the honorable Senator from Mis-
souri, will have abundant time, I think, with-
out extending this session unnecessarily, to
bring his judgment to bear upon the affairs of
the country. J am very free to admit that the
addition of his judgment will be a great advan-
tage ; I so believe, and I had no rcfcrcnce to
the honorable Senator in what I had to say.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Iowa, that the Senate take a recess from five
o'clock until half past seven o'clock this even
ing.
The motion was agreed to.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. MORTON presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Indiana, in favor of the equal-
ization of soldiers' bounties ; which was referred-,
to the Committee on Military Affairs and t.ho
Militia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented resolutions of
the Legislature of Wisconsin, in favor of aid
being granted by the national Government for
the construction of the Northern Pacific rail-
road ; which were referred to the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be
printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Wisconsin, recommending appropria-
tions for the improvement of the navigation of
the Mississippi river; which were referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am desired to present
the memorial of the delegates of the Choc-
taw nation concerning their claims for very
large sums, which they say are due to them by
treaties with the United States. This is a sub-
ject on which the Senate have heard a good
deal lately. It is a matter that ought to be
thoroughly investigated ; and I have prepared
a resolution covering its reference, which I ask
to have adopted now:
Resolved, That the memorial from the Choctaw na-
tion of Indians, submitted this day, and all the reports
and papers relating to the treaties and the claims of
the said Indians against the Government of the Uni-
ted States, now filed among the papers of the Finance
and Indian Committees, bereferredto the Committee
on Indian Affairs of the Senate, with instructions to
examine said claims, and with leave to send for per-
sons and papers, and to sit during the rcccss, to report
by bill or otherwise at the next session of the Senate.
I am informed that some examination of the
facts, as well as an inspection of the papers, will
be necessary, and perhaps an inspection of the
land, or something of that kind. In order to
have the examination full and perfect, so that
we may have definite action and settle the whole
matter, I have prepared this resolution, and
hope it will be adopted.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The resolution provides,
I understand, that the committee are to sit dur-
ing the recess.
Mr. SHERMAN. May sit. They may want
to take testimony, or to authorize the chair-
man to do it.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
report of committees.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom were referred
a memorial of citizens of Alexandria and a
memorial of the city council and commission-
ers of election of Alexandria relative to the
election held in that eity on the Gth of March,
1867, asked to be discharged from their consid-
eration, and that they be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary; which was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Ethan A. Jenks, late captain and brevet major
seventh regiment Rhode Island volunteers,
praying for pay and allowances from May 4 to
September 9, 1863, while under sentence of
dismissal from the service, to which he was
afterward reinstated, reported a bill (S. No.
75) for the relief of Ethan A. Jenks, late
a captain in the seventh regiment of Rhode
Island volunteers; which was read and passed
to a second reading.
new edition' op tiie rules.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee, on
Printing, to whom was referred the following
resolution, reported it without amendment;
and it was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Chief Clerk be directed to pre-
pare a correct edition of the Constitution, Rules of
the Senate, joint Rules of the two Houseg, and the
Manual, and that five hundred copies* of the same be
printed and bound for the use of the Senate.
bankrupt law.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
