1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107
Printing, to whom was referred the following
resolution, reported it without amendment;
and it was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That five thousand additional copies of
the bankrupt law be printed for the use of the Sen-
ate.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. WILLEY, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of J. II. Merrill, pray-
ing for compensation for services as captain in the
naval brigade, be taken from the files of the Senate
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and papers of John
A. Sutcr be withdrawn from the files and referred to
the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of A. H. Markland,
praying for compensation for property destroyed by
United States soldiers in Paducah, Kentucky, be
withdrawn from the files of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine,
it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of Mrs. Har-
riet W. Pond be withdrawn from the files and re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the petition
and papers in the case of J. B. Braden, of
Minnesota, be taken from the files and re-
ferred, along with the new evidence which I
now submit, to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
transportation oe 1'riction matches.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on
Commerce have directed me to report a joint
resolution (S. R. No. SO) amending the ninth
section of an act entitled "An act to provide
for the better security of the lives of passen-
gers on board of vessels propelled in whole or
in part by steam, and for other purposes,"
approved August 30, 1852, and I ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to put it on
its passage.
There being no objection, the joint resolu-
tion was read twice by its title, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to so far amend the fifth division of the ninth
section of the act of August 30,_ 1852, that
inspectors may, in the license therein provided
for, exempt a steamer from the obligation to
carry in a safe, chest, or compartment com-
posed or lined with metal, compact packages
of friction matches securely packed in strong,
tight wooden chests or boxes, the covers of
which shall be firmly fastened on by locks,
screws, or other fastenings, and which shall be
stowed in a safe part of the steamer designa-
ted in the license by the inspectors, and at a
safe distance from any fire.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will state that a sim-
ilar joint resolution was passed by the Senate
at the last session, but failed in the other
House through the absence of the chairman
of the Committee on Commerce there. I sim-
ply renew it as it was passed by the Senate at
the last session.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
bills introduced.
Mr. FOWLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 70) to establish and declare the railroad
and bridges of the New Orleans, Mobile, and
Chattanooga Railroad Company, as hereafter
constructed, a post road, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. MORGAN" asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 71) to further define and amend an act
for the punishment of crimes against the Uni-
ted States; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 72) to secure the speedy construction of
the Union Pacific railroad, southern branch,
and telegraph line, and to secure to the Gov-
ernment the use of the same for postal, mili-
tary, and other purposes; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 73)
granting lands to aid in the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from the city of
Lawrence, in the State of Kansas, to the bound-
ary line between the United States and Mex-
ico in the direction of the city of Guaymas, on
the gulf of California; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the Pa-
cific Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 74) to promote greater efficiency in the
postal service on the Pacific coast; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORGAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 81) to remit or refund
duties on agricultural implements imported
into the United States as models; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance, and ordered to bo printed.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 32) refunding to the
State of Indiana expenses incurred for quar-
termaster and commissary stores, and for trans-
portation furnished to militia of said State
while engaged in repelling rebel raids during
the late rebellion ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to be
pri nted.
fees of consular agents.
Mr. WILSON' submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury and
the Secretary of State be directed severally to dom-
municatc to the Senate all information in the posses-
sion of either relativo to the disposition made of that
portion of fees received by consular agents wituin
the districts of salaried consuls that have been by
such consular agents r^-id over to such consuls und.er
the apportionment of fees of such agents by the
President; and whether any salaried consul now m
office has been permitted to "appropriate, or has ap-
propriated to his own use, over and above the amount
of his salary anv portion of any such or any other
fees, and if so, the narno the consul, and the
amount he has been permitted to appropriate, or has
appropriated, and under what refru'<uion, if any,
such appropriation has been authorised, and on what
provision of law such regulation is founded.
claims of loyal tennesse13axs.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I send
to the Secretary's desk a resolution, which I
ask to have read and adopted, referring a sub-
ject to the Committee on Claims.
The Secretary read the resolution, as fol-
lows :
Resolved, That the Committee on. Claims he, and
they are hereby, instructed to inquire into the pro-
priety and expediency of paying the loyal people or
Tennessee for the commissary and quartermasters
stores taken and used by the Federal Aimy m that
State during the late war, and to reporta bill author-
izing the President of the United States to appoint,
by and with the advice and conscnt of the Senate, a
commission, consisting of three gentlemen, one of
whom at least, shall be learned in the law, whoseduty
it shall be to investigate such claims tor commissary
and quartermasters' stores taken and used by the
Federal Army during the late war as may be pre-
sented to them by the loyal people of Tennessee, and
authorizing said commission to give vouchers tor the
same in ail cases where such claims are found to be
correct and just.
Mr. CONKLING. Is that a resolution
instructing the committee so to report, or to
inquire into the expediency of doing that?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I under-
stand it to be an instruction.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. No, sir;
it merely instructs the committee to inquire into
the expediency of doing this ?
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to hear the
first, part of the resolution read again.
The Secretary read as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be, and
thev are hereby, instructed to inquire into the pro-
priety and expediency of paying the loyal people of
Tennessee for the oommissary and quartermasters'
stores taken and used by the J?ederal Army jn that
State during the lato war, &c.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and adopted.
Mr. EDMUNDS subsequently said : I move
to reconsider the vote of the Senate taken a
few minutes ago agreeing to the resolution
offered by the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
Patterson.] I have looked at the resolution,
and, without intending it I dare say on the part
of the Senator, it certainly contains an instruc-
tion to the committee to report a hill providing
for the class of claims named, and therefore I
think it ought to be reconsidered and changed;
but as I see the Senator from Tennessee is ab-
sent at this moment from his seat, I will merfely
enter the motion to reconsider, and will call it
up when he shall be present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to reconsider will be so entered.
withdrawal or lands in california.
Mr. NORTON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and i-s hereby, requested to inform the Senate under
what authority the said Secretary, in December, 1864
and 1865, withdrew the public lands of the united
States, situated between the cities of San Francisco
and San JosS, in the State of California, and whether
any reason exists whysaid lands should not ba forth-
with restored.
liquor in tltl5 capitol.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up for con-
sideration the concurrent resolution to amend
the nineteenth joint rule of the two Houses,
reported by the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds in lieu of the joint resolution
introduced by me to prevent the sale or use of
liquors in the Capitol building.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to reconsider the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved by the Senate, (the_ House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That the nineteenth joint rule of
the two Houses bo amended so as to read as follows,
namely: . , ,, ,
No spirituous or malt liquors, or wines, shall be
offered for sale, exhibited, or kept within the Capi-
tol, or in any room or building connected therewith,
or on the public grounds adjacent thereto. And it
shall bo the duty o6thoSergeants-at.-Armsof the two
Houses, under the supervision of the Presiding Offi-
cers thereof, respectively, to enforce the foregoing
provisions. And any officcr or employe of either
House who shall in any manner violate, or connive
at the violation of this rule, shall be dismissed Irom
office.
The resolution was adopted
american atlantic cable telegraph.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 28.
Mr. GRIMES. What is it?
Mr. RAMSEY. Simply granting to a New
York telegraph company permission to lay
their wires along the coast. It gives no exclu-
sive privilege at all.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the reading of the
title of the bill. ■
The Secretary. "A bill (S. No. 28) to
grant to the American Atlantic Cable Telegraph
Company of New York the right of way and
privilege to lay, land, and operate a submarine
telegraph cable on the Atlantic coast of the
United States, and establish telegraphic com_
munication between the United States and
Europe, via the Bermudas and Azores Islands.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. ,
It proposes to vest the American Atlantic
Cable Telegraph Company of New iork with
the right, power, and privilege to lay, land,
and operate their cable or cables on the Atlan-
tic coast, within the jurisdiction of the united
States, for the period of twenty years from
the approval of this act; but the company
are to commence active operations within the
space of two years. They are to have the
right, power, and privilege to lay, land, and
operate their cable or cables within any of the
harbors, waters, inlets, towns, and cities on
