108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
the Atlantic coast offering the most practical
and convenient landing, and to construct or
erect all the necessary fixtures to accomplish
the object of the act. The Government of the
United States is at all times to have the pref-
erence in its use, upon terms that may be agreed
upon between the Postmaster General and the
company.
The Committee on Post .Offices and Post
Roads reported the bill with amendments, the
first of which, was in section one, line five,
after the word "privilege" to insert "having
acquired the necessary land therefor."
The amendment was agreed to.
_ The next amendment was in section two,
line two, after the word "company" to insert
"having acquired the necessary land there-
for."
Mr. CONNESS. That is the same amend-
ment as was made iij the preceding section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
preamble of the bill, in the following words:
Whereas the American Atlantic Cable Telegraph
Company of New York, organized and incorpo-
rated under the laws of the State of New York, for
the purpose and intent to establish telegraphic com-
munication between the United States and Europe,
via Bermudas and Azores Islands ; and whereas the
American Atlantic Cable Telegraph Company desire
the right of way and privilege to lay their cable or
cables on the Atlantic coast of the United States :
Therefore.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
whether there is any particular information to
be communicated upon this subject; what this
company is; what they have done ; and what
the prospects of their accomplishing anything
are? I should like to inquire further whether
we have not granted an exclusive privilege of
this sort to some company or other within a
year or two for a given length of time. I for-
get what the name of the company was, but
the matter was assiduously debated hero, and
the question of granting the exclusive privilege
was debated. If that is so it may be interfered
with by this bill. I hope the chairman of the
committee will explain this bill, and let us know
what this company is and what they design to
do ?
Mr. RAMSEY. This bill was referred to
the Committee on Post Offidife and Post Roads,
and there given as much consideration as the
time of the committee would allow. We have
been informed that this is an organized com-
pany of the city and State of New York, who
desire no exclusive privilege, but simply the
privilege to lay a second wire. We have one
now to England, upon which the charges for
communication are very onerous, and the pub-
lic press and the people of the United States
complain of it, and would like to see a rival
company established. Inasmuch as these peo-
ple ask no exclusive privileges the committee
had no hesitation in according to them this
bill, with the amendments such as they have
submitted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will inquire further
whether the Senator has looked at the act
passed a year or two ago granting the same
privilege to another company, and whether that
was not an exclusive privilege for a given
length of time.
Mr. RAMSEY. That is the Havana line. I
imagine they have an exclusive privilege in that
direction. This is to be a European wire.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish the Senator would
turn to that act, and let us see whether this
would not be interfering with that.
«Mr. RAMSEY. That does not touch Europe.
That is a Cuba wi re, and cann ot conflict with this.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Still I think the privi-
lege in that case was exclusive for the West
India islands.
Mr. RAMSEY. Possibly it may be so ; and,
if it is so, the privileges granted to this com-
pany would be nngatory and amount to noth-
ing. That is the worst that would happen; but
inasmuch as these people ask for no exclusive
privilege, I thought, and the committee thought,
that the Senate should not hesitate to grant their
request.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to see
that act. I do not want to grant privileges that
we have no authority to grant.
Mr. RAMSEY. If the Senator will bear
with us a moment, probably we can find that
law.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have some
recollection of the act referred to, and this
would undoubtedly fall within the terms of that
act; that is to say, this company, by the terms
of this bill, would be authorized to lay a line
within the territory indicated by that act.
Mr. CONNESS. Has the Senator from
Maine got the act? *
Mr. RAMSEY. He has found it. It is on
pages 47 and 48 of the laws of the first session
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That gives an exclusive
privilege.
Mr. CONNESS. The exclusive privilege in
that case relates to Florida.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then there should be
an exception of the shores of Florida in this
bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. If the Senator from Maine
insists upon it, and if there is any conflict, I
will let the bill go over informally, and call it
up again.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You should except the
shores of the State of Florida.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be passed over for the present by common
consent.
message from the house.
^ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPoersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 49)
to repeal a joint resolution entitled "A joint
resolution to provide for the removal of the
wreck of the steamship Scotland," approved
January 29, 1867.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speak-
er of the House had signed the enrolled joint
resolution (S. R. No. 1) presenting the thanks
of Congress to George Peabody, and the en-
rolled joint resolution (H. R. No. 2) to author-
ize the refunding of discriminating duties ex-
acted upon merchandise imported in Hawaiian
vessels; and they were signed by the President
pro tempore.
treasury pbixting bureau.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. As there
is nothing before the Senate, and the morning
hour has very nearly expired, the Chair will
call up the unfinished business of yesterday,
which is House bill No. 33, supplementary
to an act entitled "An act to provide for the
more efficient government of the rebel States,
passed March 2, 1867, and to facilitate res-
toration;" the pending question being upon
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Drake.]
Mr. DRAKE. I wish to modify that amend-
ment before it becomes the subject of discus-
sion.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to have the
jspeeial committee provided for in the resolu-
tion that I offered day before yesterday to
examine the Printing Bureau of the Treasury
Department increased to five instead of three
members.
Mr. SHERMAN. With regard to that com-
mittee a similar committee has been author-
ized by the House, and I think myself the
committee should be a joint one. My atten-
tion has been called to the fact that committees
are authorized to be appointed by each House
to examine the same matter. If Congress
deems this examination proper, it ought to be
by a joint committee, and I trust the Senator
will make it a joint committee. A member of
the^ House the other day moved a resolution,
which was adopted, on this same subject.
I desire to state further, to remove a pub-
lic misapprehension in regard to the duplica-
tion of bonds, that a great many people, some-
times probably for speculative purposes, tele-
graph all over the country that large amounts
of duplicated bonds and currency have been
discovered. I am authorized to say that in no
case has a duplication been discovered, but in
some cases coupons of the same number have
been presented, the principal of the bonds
amounting in those cases probably to sixteen
thousand dollars in all; that in every case they
have been examined, and it was found to be
in two cases a mistake in stamping the num-
bers upon the bonds; and no doubt nearly all
the cases that have occurred of presumed
duplication of bonds have been where the
numbers have been erroneously stamped; for
instance, two .numbers stamped 264 instead of
264 and 265. That has been the result of the
examination of the Treasury Department.
However, it is perfectly proper that Congress
should examine into this subject. It is a
serious matter. If there is any ground for it,
it ought to be thoroughly examined. I move,
therefore, that the commitce authorized by the
resolution be a joint committee, and that the
resolution be changed so as to provide for the
appointment of a joint committee. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury ought not to be both-
ered with two commissions of the two Houses
on the same subject-matter. They ought to
have one joint committee, and it ought to be
carefully and minutely examined.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pom-
eroy in the chair.) To carry out the object
designed by the Senator from Ohio this should
be made a concurrent resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will make that motion,
that it be made a concurrent resolution, pro-
viding for a joint committee of three members
of the Senate and five members of the House,
if you choose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will inquire if the
House has not already passed a resolution ap-
pointing a separate committee on this subject?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; but I propose that
the two should unite together and act jointly;
otherwise, there will be a separate examina-
tion by each House. It would be better to
have one careful examination by a joint com-
mittee of both Houses.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But will not this result
in having two committees, one concurrent, and
one a committee of the House? That has
been already appointed. I approve entirely of
the Senator's idea. I only want to be certain
that he reaches his object.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think so. At any rate,
the House could reconsider its action and ap-
point the same gentlemen on this committee.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. I suggest to the Senator
to allow this matter to lie over informally until
a conference can be had with the mover of the
committee in the other House, else it seems
to me it would look like action superseding
their action, or there would be two committees.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state the motion. The motion is that this
committee act conjointly with a committee of
the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather the Sena-
tor from Missouri, who moved in the matter,
would take his own course in regard to secur-
ing a joint committee instead of two several
committees.
Mr. HENDERSON. I rise simply to say
that I was not aware that the House had taken
any action on the subject when I offered this
resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. It has not taken any action.
A gentleman simply rose and proposed to offer
a resolution; but objection was made, and the
matter was carried over until to-day, aslunder-
stand.
Mr. HENDERSON. Then there is no ob-
jection to this action. If the House shall act
on the subject and send us a resolution for a
joint committee, I shall be perfectly willing to
make the committee a joint one, and would
prefer doing so. And in this connection per-
mit me to say, if the public require to be com-
forted on this subject, that I offered the reso-
lution without any idea of disturbing the public
mind, without any information that ought to
disturb the public mind; but it struck me that
