1867.
THE CON-G&MEONAL GLOBE.
im
a vast concern of this! sort ought ft> be r^fpeati-
edly examined: and there is no baria in doing
so. Another thing: if the examination of the
Printing Bureau, that prints the entire public
securities of the country, all the notes of every
character now used' as a circulating medium 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I must interpose an
objection to going on with this discussion, the
hour having arrived when the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday comes up for consideration.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope the committee
will be made to consist of five members, and
if the House sends us such a resolution as is
suggested it can then be amended.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Missouri moves that the number of
this committee be increased to five.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call for the regular
order of business. This discussion is only
proceeding by unanimous consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. As this
subject has been proceeded with by unanimous
consent, it must be laid aside and the regular
order of the day taken up on the call of any
Senator.
SUPPLEMENTARY RECONSTRUCTION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
33) supplementary to an act entitled "An act
to provide for the more efficient government
of the rebel States, passed March 2, 1867, and
to facilitate restoration."
Mr. DRAKE. I wish to modify the amend-
ment which I offered yesterday to the amend-
ment of the committee, and which I believe
is the first matter before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment, as modified, will be read.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask the Clerk to be so
good as to modify it as I have directed, and
let it come before the Senate in the modified
shape in which, on the suggestion of several
gentlemen, I have put it.
The Secretary read the amendment, as mod-
ified, which was to insert at the end of the
fourth section of the amendment reportedby
the Committee Sn the Judiciary the following
proviso:
Provided, That no such State constitution shall bo
considered as entitling the State for which it. is
framed to such representation unless it provide that
in all elections by the people tor State, county, or
municipal officers the elector's vote shall be by ballot.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think in the tenth
line of the fourth section of the amendment of
the committee there should be inserted after
the word " supplementary" these words, "and
the other provisions of said act shall have
been complied with." I move that amend-
ment. Those words are in the House bill I
, will state, but they are omitted in this section
of the Senate bill. The necessity for insert-
ing them is this : if the members of the Sen-
ate have the bill before them they will see that
the clause reads, beginning at the eighth line—
And if the said constitution shall be declared by
Congress to be in conformity with the provisions of
the act to which this is supplementary, the State
shall bo declared entitled to representation, &c.
Now, something more than the fact that the
Constitution is in accordance with the bill to
which this is supplementary is requisite ; for
instance, the constitutional amendment must
have been ratified, and it is necessary to put
in these words which wore in the House bill,
so as to declare, not only that the Constitution
which is framed must be in accordance with
the act to which this is supplementary, but
also that the other provisions of that act shall
have been complied with. I presume there is
no objection to the amendment.
Mr! FESSENDEN. I will inquire if we
had not belter use the words " and the consti-
tutions approved." That is the language of
the original act. One of the provisions, and
a very important and essential provision in
that act, was that the constitution should be
approved by Congress. Now this leaves out
that and s&yS siasply if the constitution "shall
be declared by Congress to be in conformity
with- the provisions of the act to which this is
supplementary' 
Mr. TRUMBULL. "And the other provis-
ions of said act shall have been complied
with." I propose to insert those words.
Mr. FESSENDEN, Would that cover as
much as the words " and the constitutions ap-
proved by Congress?"
Mr. TRUMBULL. "And the other pro-
visions of said act shall have been complied
with.''
Mr. FESSENDEN. "And the said con-
stitutions shall be approved by Congress." I
want those words in, because the reason why
they were in the other bill was that we might
retain our power, not knowing what sort of a
constitution they would present.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Would the '1 other pro-
visions of said act'' be complied with if the
constitution was not approved by Congress?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That would hardlt
perhaps be called a provision of the act, being
something that must be done finally. I would
rather those words be retained, because it was
an essential idea that after all, although the
constitution might contain the provisions spe-
cified, it might contain something else that
would prevent its being approved by Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL, will the Senator look
at it more closely? He will see in the tenth
line the words "the State shall be declared
entitled to representation." Declared by
whom ? By Congress. We have to act upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. < 'And if the said con-
stitution shall be declared by Congress to be
in conformity with the provisions of the act
to which this is supplementary, the State shall
be declared entitled to representation."
Mr. TRUMBULL. And now I propose to
put in the words which will be found in the
eleventh and twelfth lines of the fifth section
of the House bill on page 4, '' and the other
provisions of said act shall have been com-
plied with."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to add there
"and the said constitution shall be approved
by Congress."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no particular
objection to those words.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are in the ori-
ginal act.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
putting in those words; they will follow the
words I have proposed; and I accept them if
they will avoid any controversy, though I think
the object is fully covered by the other words.
The PRESIDENT|jro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois will be mod-
ified as he proposes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume there will be
no objection to this amendment, though I do
not offer it from the committee. I did not ob-
serve that these words were out. I presume
there is no objection from any quarter to in-
serting them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Illinois to the amendment of the com-
mittee.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now propose to offer
an amendment covering the idea which I sug-
gested yesterday in the few remarks I made on
this subject. First, I move to strike out, in the
first section of the substitute of the committee,
all down to and including the word "entitled,"
iu the fifth line, and in lieu of those words to
insert "that before a convention shall be holden
for the purpose of framing a State constitu-
tion under and by virtue of," and then after
" 18G7," ill line seven, to insert "commanding
general in each district defined in said act;" so
that the section will read thus:
That before a convention shall be holden for the
purpose of framing a State constitution under and by
virtue of an act to provide for the more efficientgov-
ernment of the rebel States, passed Marcli 2,186*, th©
commanding general in each district defined in said
act shall cause a registration to be made. &c.
Then. I have another amendment to propose
to the second section.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I suppose
it is best to take the question on each amend-
ment by itself.
Mr. JOHNSO.N. I shouldlike tohearthem.
all, to see how they bear on- each other.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will send the other
amendment to the desk.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator froia-
Maine to the first section of the amendment
reported by the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust that amendment,
will not be adopted. I think we leave quit©
discretion enough to the commanding general.
The effect of this amendment is to leave it
entirely optional with him to make the regis-
tration or not. Now, sir, I understand the
object of the legislation passed at the last ses-
sion of Congress and the object of this bill ia
to afford to these people the means of forming
a constitution and State government and resum-
ing-their position in the Uni.on.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The objection which
the Senator makes did not occur to me, and I
am perfectly willing to leave in the words re-
quiring a registration to be made before the
1st day of September, 1867.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then if the Senator so
modifies his amendment will he be good enough
to tell me how the section, if amended as he
proposes, will differ from the section as it now
stands ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know that it
will change it really. I drafted the amend-
ment to this section with reference to the next
amendment, which I should like to have read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it makes 110 differ-
ence, except in phraseology simply, it is hardly
worth while to have any discussion about it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am not so particular
about that, but my object was to negative the
idea that a convention could be held before the
registration was made. I desired to have it
distinctly declared that no convention should be
held until after the registration was completed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is so as the section
stands now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let the other amend-
ment which I sent to the desk be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that is read, perhaps
we shall understand the question better.
The Secretary read the proposed amendment
of Mr. E'essekden, which was to strike out in
section two of the amendment reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary all after the word
"State," in line two, down to and including
the word "Union" in line seven, and in lieu
of those words to insert:
The commanding general shall furnish a certified
copy thereof to the provisional governor of the Stato
for which the same was made; and whenever there-
after the provisional government of said State shall
by legal enactment provide that a convention shall
be called for the purpose of framing a State constitu-
tion and establishing civil government, and shall fur-
nish the commanding general with a duly authenti-
cated copy of such act, the commanding general shall
direct thatan election of delegates to such convention
shall be held at such time and place as he shall ap-
point and direct, of which at least- day's notico
shall be given in such manner as the commanding
general shall determine.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now see what the
design of the Senator is. The amendments iu
the first section, as he proposes them, do not
alter its meaning, as I think, at all, but are
mere matters of phraseology, about which I
shall make no remark, as he has now modified
them; but the amendment proposed to the
second section, if I understand its purport
and if I do not the Senator will correct me—
is to prevent any action being taken in any of
these States for the purpose of forming a con-
stitution and government in accordance with
the act of the last session until the _ present
governments iu those States, provisional as
they are called, shall have given their sanction
and expressed their wish for the formation of
such a constitution and government. That ia
the whole purport of it, as I understand. _ 1
am opposed to such an amendment as that tot
various reasons.
