110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
In the first place, I am not for continuing
the loyal people of the rebel States under the
control of those disloyal governments. This
would leave the loyal element in all those
States at the mercy indefinitely of the disloyal
governments which have been organized there.
Now, what is the complaint in regard to the
governments which have been set up in the
rebel States? Is it not that they are in the
hands of disloyal men, that they are oppress-
ive upon Union men, that they are unjust to
the freedmen, that they do not afford the
requisite protection for life and property? And
are we to leave these people at the mercy of
these rebel governments? Why, sir, it was
for the very purpose of taking the control of
those States out of the hands of those men
that I voted for the bill of the last session,
and I am unwilling to leave it at the mercy of
those rebel governments.
Then again, sir, the object of this legislation,
as I understand, is to afford a means by which
the people of these States may organize gov-
ernments upon a loyal basis and resume their
position in the Union as members of the Union.
I, for one, desire that, and I desire that at the
earliest practicable period when it can be done
with safety to the Union, and when State gov-
ernments can be organized upon loyal princi-
ples and in accordance with the Constitution
as it has been amended and the provisions of
the act which we have passed.
I am unwilling entirely to leave it to these
governments, which we have declared not to be
legal governments, to determine this question.
Why, sirhow were those governments got up?
They were got up by the rebel element and
under the control of the rebel element. That
has been our complaint. In some remarks
made by the Senator from Maine yesterday he
expressed himself as opposed to forcing upon
the people of any of these States a constitution.
So am I. He is opposed to forcing them into
the formation of a State government. So am
I; and this bill proposes no such thing: it pro-
posesto leave it to the registered voters, exclud-
ing certain leading rebels who are not to be
registered, to determine through the delegates
they shall elect to the convention whether they
will form a constitution and State government
in accordance with our legislation. Is there
any force in this? It proposes to leave to those
same voters after the constitution shall have
been formed the power to decide whether they
will adopt that constitution and form of gov-
ernment or not.
The whole object of the bill is to afford facil-
ities to the people to give expression to their
opinions. The object of this supplementary
bill is to direct somebody to set the machinery
in motion. What was the objection to the
legislation of the last Congress? What was
the defect in the law which it is now designed
to remedy? The complaint was that it made
no provision for inaugurating the necessary
proceedings for carrying it into effect. It was
said that in some of the States a political party,
perhaps, would undertake to get up a State gov-
ernment in accordance with that bill; another
effort might be made to get up a State govern-
ment under the action of the provisional gov-
ernment, as the Senator from Maine now pro-
poses, for if his amendment prevails no step
can be taken in the formation of a State gov-
ernment until this provisional government
inaugurated by and in the hands of the rebel
element shall give it its sanction. I deny that
these provisional governments represent the
people in those States; they represent but a
part of them. The Senator said yesterday that
this legislation of ours was obnoxious„to the
same objection that had been made to the action
of the President; that we complained of the
President as guilty of usurpation in inaugu-
rating the governments which now exist in the
rebellious States. That is true; but we com-
plained of that because he had no authority to
do it; it was a usurpation on his part: but it
is not a usurpation on the part of Congress,
because Congress has the constitutional author-
ity to move in this matter.
But usurpation or not usurpation on the part
of the President, it would never have been a
question of any material importance to me how
the government was inaugurated in any of
these rebellious States provided it had been
inaugurated with the assent of the people—that
is the substance of the thing—and had been
loyal and in the hands of loyal men and pro-
tected loyal men and freedmen, in accordance
with the Constitution and the present princi-
cles obtaining in the Government. That is
what I want. The object of this bill is to afford
the machinery and prevent collision in arriv-
ing at the formation of such a government.
There is no force about it. I do not believe
in forcing a government upon any of those
States, any more than the Senator from Maine;
and that is not the bill. I think it should be
left to the people to determine, as was said by
the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Drake] yes-
terday. It is true I did not vote for his amend-
ment, because I thought we reached that point
by the bill as it was; but the last thing I would
do would be to leave it to these governments,
which we have declared to be illegal govern-
ments, to determine that question. I trust the
amendment may not be adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a sufficient answer
to the last remark of the Senator, that we have
declared these governments to be illegal, to
say that we have declared them to be legal.
We have declared them to be illegal as State
governments, but we have legalized them as
provisional governments expressly by the bill
which we passed at the last session, and we
have given the right to the commanding gen-
eral to avail himself of them so far as may be
necessary, in his judgment, to that end or to
any other end as existing legal provisional
governments in those States.
Now, sir, I do not precisely agree with my
friend from Illinois in his view with regard to
this matter. The object of forming these State
governments is not, as I understand it, to give
protection to the loyal people there. That
object is accomplished by the mode provided in
the bill which we have passed, and that is by
organizing military governments there for the
purpose of protecting those people, and with
full authority to do so. So far, therefore, as
the protection of the loyal people in all their
rights and privileges is concerned, we have
given them the most efficient protection by
putting them under the protection of the mili-
tary. The object of this movement, as I un-
derstand it, is to provide a mode in which
State governments may be formed, if it is con-
sidered desirable on the part of the people of
those States to frame State governments at
all. That was the object of the bill we passed
at the last session; and the object of this I
understand to be to protect the people in the
details necessary to accomplish that purpose,
to protect them in their right of suffrage and
all their rights that are essential to free action
in relation to that matter.
Now, sir, what complaint do we have to
meet ? I take it that the great complaint which
has been made there and here on the floor of
the Senate and on the floor of the House by
our adversaries, and elsewhere, is that we do
not desire that these people .shall come back
into the Union at all, that we are contriving
modes to keep them out of the Union. That
has been the Democratic cry against us from
the beginning. Now, here are provisional gov-
ernments in these States which represent the
very people who are making this cry and who
are the particular friends as we understand of
those who are opposed to the Union party here.
My object is simply that these organized gov-
ernments, provisional governments, chosen by
the people there—not by all the people to
be sure, and partaking of the character which
my friend assigns to them—being composed of
men who by themselves and their friends here
and elsewhere have made the complaint, shall
be told, "We now give you the opportunity
to frame a State constitution and to establish
State institutions; we present them to you;
if you desire it, signify it; you who have com-
plained ; you who pretend that you want to
come back into the Union; you who say you
are kept out; we wish to give you the oppor-
tunity to decide that question for yourselves.
You have got a provisional government framed
in all the forms of government, a Governor
and a Legislature elected by yourselves; you
have made this complaint; you say that you
are unreasonably kept out of connection with
the Government of the United States. Now,
then, you are the organs of the people; if
you wish to have a State constitution and
establish State institutions you have the power
to say so; make it manifest by legal enactment;
express your will, and when yon have done so,
if you desire it, we stand ready to afford you
all the opportunities to do it fairly and freely
under the act that we have passed ; we take
the control of the details of the preliminary
proceedings, because we can do it more to our
satisfaction and to the security of the whole
people than we think you will do it; and there-
fore as to the details we carry them into effect;
but it is for you to say whether you wish a State
government or not, and henceforth if you do
not say so make no complaint about it."
These provisional governments represent the
people of those States, or if they do not they
soon will. We have provided in the same act
that in all elections hereafter to be held all
males who have arrived at the age of twenty-
one years, white and black, shall have the right
to vote. The men now holding power in these
governments that have been formed, which call
themselves State governments, and which we
have recognized as provisional governments,
have been elected only for a time; their terms
will expire; and if the present provisional gov-
ernments selected by a portion of the people, as
the Senator from Illinois says, do not choose
to ask for a State constitution very soon, the
people of those States and all the people of
those States will be entitled in any event to -
elect new members, and if the public sentiment
there is for a convention to frame a constitu-
tion they can then express it in a legal and
proper way.
My simple purpose is that th^ very men who
have made these complaints against us, and
who now form the governments recognized by
us and legalized by us, should have the power
to decide whether or not they wish to frame a
regular State constitution and come back to
the Union. If I believed, or if I understood, as
the Senator from Illinois does, that the object
of this measure is to afford protection .to those
who have not got it now, that would be another
thing; but we have done all that we judged to
be necessary for the protection of the Union
people, white and black, in those States by the
bill which we have passed, and they are safe,
as we understand, under the shadow of the
military.
I do not know that my views will commend
themselves to any other member of the Senate *
besides myself; but. entertaining them very de-
cidedly as to what is the most advisable method
of deciding the question originally whether a
convention shall be called or not, I have thought
it my duty to move these amendments, and
they are before the Senate for its action. I
repeat that while I am as anxious as anybody
that these States shall be back in full com-
munion with us as soon as possible, I do not
want them hack a moment sooner than they
are prepared to come with the right kind of
feeling to do their duty by the whole people of
the United States. And, sir, by—1 use the
word again—forcing them, by taking the mat-
ter into our own hands and deciding whether
a convention shall be called in the first place,
taking it out of the hands of the people of the
States in fact, no matter if we do leave it to
them to decide whether the constitution that
may be framed by the convention is satisfactory
to them or not afterward; but by taking it
out of their hands entirely to decide the ques-
tion originally whether they desire a conven-
tion or not, we expose ourselves to all the dis-
advantages of which I spoke yesterday. They
may turn around and say to us that they did not
