112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
may desire that their States should remain hi
their present condition, hoping for a reaction
in the North; bat the mass of the people of the
South, those who were not leaders, those who
are to be' restored, have waited for that reac-
tion as long as they propose to wait, and if
you give the people of the South a chance they
will act in favor of restoration. If yon give
disfranchised rebels the power to say how long
this Union shall remain unrestored, I think
perhaps they will say "always," for the res-
toration of the Union does not bring office to
them. We have determined to make a dis-
crimination between the leading rebels and
the people; and having determined that, it is
now proposed to sjy that the leading rebels
shall determine for the people, and not the
people for themselves, whether the people
shall have representation in Congress.
If, after having legislated in such a manner as
to disfranchise them, you say to them, "You
may keep the State out as long as you please,''
I think we should be justly chargeable with
contriving legislation which wfts calculated to
postpone restoration. They would act just as
we see a factious minority acting everywhere.
They would want to make the situation as bad
as possible. They would want to keep the
people out just as long as possible. They
would want everybody in as bad a situation as
themselves. Then what would be the chance
of restoration ? First we must ask permission
of the leading rebels. We say to the leading
rebels, "You shall not be restored, but we
submit to you to decide when the others shall
be restored, whether you will stand alone or
whether you will have millions at your back ;
we will not restore you; we will keep you
disfranchised, and then allow you to keep
disfranchised with yon ten million people,
and to have so much influence to sustain you
in making a solid column of the whole South,
and have them at your back to aid you in
breaking up the Government.'' Why not
allow the people to leave these leaders, en-
franchise the people, and leave these rebel
leaders in a hopeless minority. If the propo-
sition were presented in that shape, what rebel
would not say, "I will keep the South a
unit; I will keep the South out; I will have
the South stand together until the North is
weary, until there is some reaction, and then
they will let us in en masse or let us go?"
Would he not say, " I will live under military
rule until the North changes its opinion, until
some financial crash comes ; I will have hope
as long as I have ten million people in the
same box with me, for they cannot be perma-
nently disfranchised?"
I will not vote to place the loyal people of
the South under subjection to the rebels, and
that is the practical operation of this amend-
ment. As I remarked yesterday, the bill is
already sufficiently dilatory in its provisions.
It submits it to the people, in the first place, to
elect delegates to meet in convention, and those
delegates when they meet are to decide whether
it is the wish of the people to have a State con-
stitution formed. If a constitution is formed
it is finally to be submitted to the voters;
and unless a majority of all the voters regis-
tered vote in its favor it is not to be adopted.
That election is to be on the simple question
of the constitution without any other issue,
without there being candidates in the field;
and of course, therefore, it will be impossible
to get all the people out to vote. If you get a
two-thirds vote or half a full vote at such an
election you will be doing well. But you
must not only get one half of the people out to
vote, but more than one half the people must
vote for the proposition. Then there must be
an overwhelming sentiment among the loyal
people and among those who are not disfran-
chised by your bill, there must be an extraor-
dinary unanimity before there can be a recon-
struction under this bill as it stands, allowing
the people to determine the question ; but as
lonj* as the bill consults the voters, the people,
let it stand as it is; but when it is proposed
that the rebels who are to be disfranchised
shall determine this question, when you place
it ill their power, I say it is practical obstruc-
tion.
Mr. HOWARD. I shall vote for the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Maine. I
regretted very much that the amendment of
the honorable Senator from Missouri, offered
by him yesterday, was lost; and the more I
have thought of the subject the better I have
been satisfied as to the expediency of that pro-
vision, if it had been carried. What we wish,
at least what I wish particularly, is to obtain
an authentic expression of the people of the
various rebel States upon the question of their
willingness to come back into the Union, so to
speak, and to enjoy the rights and privileges
of States of the Union.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. HOWARD. I do not see any necessity
for an interpolation.
Mr. GRIMES. 'I should like to be enlight-
ened by the Senator's opinion.
Mr. HOWARD. Well, sir, I will hear the
question.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire of
the Senator whether, in his conviction, the
present rebel governments of those States do
reflect the sentiment of the people ?
Mr. HOWARD. I am by 110 means sure
that they do not reflect the sentiments of the
people. If they do reflect the sentiments of
the people, and the people are as disloyal and
as hostile to the Government of the United
States as their Legislatures appear to be, I for
one am free to say that I will not vote to restore
them to the Union.
Mr. GRIMES. Then the Senator entertains
the opinion that all that large mass of people
upon whom Congress has conferred the elect-
ive franchise are hostile to the Government.
As a matter of course if those governments
reflect the sentiments of the people of those
States, of the majority of the people of those
States, as the colored population are in some
of those States in the ascendency, there must
be a large proportion of that class of people
hostile to the Government.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know how the
fact may be in some localities; it is very pos-
sible that the Senator from Iowa may be cor-
rect as to Certain localities, but I speak of the
great mass of them. For one I will not con-
sent to readmit into Congress Senators and
Representatives whose constituencies at home
are hostile to the maintenance and support of
the Government of the United States, let their
professions be whatever they may, and let
their color be whatever it may. I do not
believe in allowing traitors and traitor constit-
uencies to be again in the enjoyment of the
privileges granted by the Constitution of the
United States. I am not in such hot haste as
to restore the Union, as it is often said, upon
principles of disloyalty and rebelism.
Now, sir, there is much force, in my opinion,
in what the honorable Senator from Maine has
said in regard to taking the opinion of the
rebel provisional Legislatures. They have
been elected by usurpation and in violation of
the Constitution of the United States, by rebel
constituencies, and they represent, so far as
they possibly can do so, the interests, the feel-
ings, the prejudices, and the malignity of un-
repentant rebel communities. Before we admit
them to a participation in the Government of
the United States I wish to see these same
Legislatures, humiliating as it may be to their
pride, and the more humiliating the better,
brought down to the stool of repentance, and
made to see the error of their ways, and to
give their consent freely again to reenter the
Union and do their duty as citizens of the
United States.
But some of our friends see, or think they
see, in this proposition a result which will be
unfavorable to the Union element in the rebel
States. They ask us why we would appeal to the
provisional Legislatures to decide the question
of calling a convention to reform their consti-
tutions, and why we would in the mean time
permit thesS^provisional Legislatures to exer-
cise uncontrolled power over the Unionists of
the South ; in other words, why we will permit
the Union element to be subjected to the op-
pression, the injustice, and the insults which
flow from such a source. There possibly may
be some force in this objection; but I do not
think it sufficiently weighty to induce me to
vote for the immediate calling of a convention
by military authority or by the, authority of
Congress, and thus establishing a State govern-
ment to which the mass of them possibly may
be opposed.
How will the matter stand in case the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Maine is
adopted? What will be the character of the
constituency to whom these provisional Legis-
latures will be and must be responsible ? In
the first place, there is to be a registration of
all the male people of the State above twenty-
one years of age, and every man who is thus
registered has to take the oath prescribed in
this bill; that is to say, he is to swear, accord-
ing to the frame of the bill, that he is not ex-
cluded from the right to vote by the fifth and
sixth sections of the act to provide for the
more efficient government of the rebel States ;
that he will support the Constitution and obey
the laws of the United States, and will to the
best of his ability encourage all others to do
the same ; so help him God. The whole vot-
ing constituency are to take this oath before
any one of them is entitled to registration
under the act, and after this registration is
made the commanding general is to present a
copy of it to the provisional governor of the
State, who is to lay it before the provisional
legislature for their action. Thus that legisla-
ture will become completely informed of the
number of their constituents who have taken
the oath of allegiance, so to speak, to the Uni-
ted States. They will know how many citizens
of the State are prepared to emerge from a
provisional government and enter into a regu-
larly formed State government. It is very
likely that a large proportion of the people of
the rebel States will be thus registered. T
presume that nine tenths of the whole male
population will thus be registered; and the
very fact of their taking this oath and becom-
ing registered is a guarantee, will be construed
as a guarantee to the United States and to their
provisional governments, that they are anxious
to throw off the provisional form and enter
upon the regular form of State governments.
Now, sir, I wish to have these provisional
Legislatures understand all these facts. I wish
the fact of a large majority of their own con-
stituents being in favor of a regular State gov-
ernment to be brought to their notice and
knowledge ; and then after they see this, and
see that there is a large proportion of the peo-
ple in favor of a State government, let them,
if they dare, take upon themselves the respon-
sibility of refusing to call a convention. Sir, I
do not know what material they may be made
of; but if they are composed of the ordinary
material with which I am acquainted in this
country, you could hardly anticipate that a
.southern provisional legislature, with such a
showing before them, would refuse to proceed
and call a convention. If they chose, however,
to do so, if they chose to exercise the unjust
and despotic authority with which they are
now invested, it would only institute among
the friends of readmission and the enemies of
readmission in their own midst discussion
which could not fail to result, and within soma
very short time, in the total overthrow of the
secession party, and their expulsion from
power at their domestic firesides.
I am, sir, in short, for taking every pre-
caution that is practicable to obtain a free and
full expression of the southern communities
upon the great, fundamental, and elementary
question of returning peaceably back into tho
Union and discharging their duties as States.
If the mass of them are prepared to do this
now, and furnish satisfactory evidence that
they will behave themselves in future, I am
willing to readmit them ; but I am not in
