1867.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
113
haste for it. They took their own time to get
out of the Union; let them take their own
time to return. They took their own time to
initiate the war; we took oar own time to
close the war. We are.under no obligations
to them. • We do not propose to place our-
selves under any obligations to them. They
complain of coercion; they complain of in-
justice because we coerced them to lay down
their arms. They complain of injustice be-
cause we d_o not readmit them, as they say, to
their constitutional rights. We have now, for
the first time in our history, proposed terms
of reconciliation and readmission. Let them
freely act upou it; let them accept or re-
ject those terms, as.they may prefer. If their
interest, in their opinion, consists in rejecting
our terms, let them stay out in the cold and
cetfse to have any participation in the Govern-
ment of the United States. But at all events,
I am not for hastening them back into the
Union contrary to the consent of a majority
of their people, for a government founded
upon the will merely of a minority of the peo-
ple is no government at all; it cannot main-
tain itself for a twelvemonth in the face of
an active and vigorous majority; it must
necessarily be overthrown. A government by
a minority is but another name for despotism.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to ask the
Senator a question. Is it not a fact, a well-
known fact, that a large portion of the mem-
bers of the existing Legislatures at the South
are excluded from holding office under the con-
stitutional amendment, and excluded from
voting under this bill ? And is it not submitting
it to a minority when you submit the question
to th6 excluded class, whether they, being ex-
cluded in any event from participation in the
Government, will or will not allow the major-
ity of the people to be represented in Congress ?
Are you not submitting it, not only to a mi-
nority, but a bad minority, when you submit
it to those Legislatures ? They are an excluded
class, who are not to be restored to their rela-
tions to the Union and to Ublding office-; and
yet you propose to leave it to them to decide
whether the majority shall be represented or
not.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know how the
fact may be in regard to the loyalty and elegi-
bility of a majority of the members of their
State Legislatures. I have never inquired
into it. Undoubtedly there may be some
members of their State Legislatures who will
be proscribed by the fourteenth article of the
Amendments to the Constitution. That we
cannot help. Let them, if they dare, set them-
selves up against the manifest wishes of a ma-
jority of their own people, and how long will
they maintain themselves ? It will not be long
before the voice of the majority will be the
ruling and controlling power.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
how the voice of the majority can be heard
when you say it shall not be heard unless
rebels will let them speak. No convention
can be called, no voting can be done, unless
the provisional Legislature say so. You put
it in their power to stop the mouths of the peo-
ple, and to keep them under your military rule,
without letting them be heard. They cannot
■vote except by permission of the rebel Legis-
latures.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Nevada
seems to talk as if the present members of the
rebel State Legislatures are to remain in office
for life. Is that so? Does he not know that
their terms of office expire annually, and in all
cases biennially at farthest-? This state of
things can indure but for a few months at far-
thest, and then a majority of the legal voters
of the State will revolutionize even the very
provisional governments, and thus their voice
will become potential and final. I hope, there-
fore, that if we are unable finally to adopt the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri, we
shall at least grasp at the security which is
offered by the amendment of the Senator from
Maine.
40th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 8.
I do not, I confess, exactly coincide with the
spirit of this bill when it declares that—
After th« completion of th? registration hereby
provided for in any S.tato, at such time and places
therein as the commanding general shall appoint
and direct, of which at least thirty days public novice
shall bejfiven, an election shall be held of delegates
to a convention.
It leaves thfe whole thing, entirely and abso-
lutely, unconditionally in the hands of t.he
commanding military gentleman. It is for
him, according to the bill, not for the provis-
ional government, not for the people them-
selves, to pass upon the question of ordering
an election for a convention. No, sir, it is
not even for him to exercise any discretion
over that subject, because by the bill itself we
command him, we utter a command which he
must obey, to issue his notice for calling a con-
vention. That forces him to it without refer-
ence fo the will or wishes of the people or of
their representatives even in their bogus Legis-
latures. Is this fair? Suppose they do not
want any convention, suppose they do not want
to come back into the Union, shall we force
them into the Union? That is a bad opera-
tion. You may lead a horse to the spring to
drink, and you may persuade him and entice
him by all the means in your power to swallow
the water; but if he is indisposed to drink you
cannot force him. It will be so with these
rebels. If they are willing they will say so,
and they will come back. If they are "unwil-
ling, we do not want them back; at least I do
not for one. I want no members of the House
of Representatives or of the Senate of the Uni-
ted States who are unfriendly to the mainten^
ance of the Government of the United States,
none who will seize upon the first opportunity
to enter into another conspiracy for* its over-
throw. I want to see no members here or in
the other House who are not heart and soul
in favor of the preservation -and maintenance
of the Government of the United States as
such ; and I shall esteem it a calamity to see
any man admitted to these seats who was un-
friendly to that object. That is an object which
we say is the paramount object, which is ever
to be before our eyes, never to be lost sight of.
We may differ in opinion as to measures, as to
the mode of administration, as to the charac-
ter of men, the character of officers ; but men
who profess to be true to the Union have no
difference of opinion as to the propriety and
necessity of adhering to it and maintaining it
through weal and woe. I fear that there may
be too many at this day in the South who would
be willing to lend their aid in its destruction
and overthrow.
The Senator from Illinois seemsto think that
we have sufficient security in the bill itself that
no southern State will reorganize its State gov-
ernments without the voice of a majority of the
people. I do not understand the bill in this
way. According to his scheme there are to be
elected, under the order of the military com-
mandant, delegates to a convention to frame a
constitution. Those delegates as he knows
very, well from the terms of his bill, may be
elected by a minority of the voters of the State.
The bill does not require that even a majority
of the registered votes of the State shall be
given at that election. They may be all elected
by a hundred or a thousand votes, while twenty
thousand or forty thousand voters may remain
at home. And after the convention is thus
elected, the bill provides that its first duty shall
be to " determine by a vote whether it is the
wish of the people of such State to form a con-
stitution ana civil government according to the
provisions of this act and the act to which itis
supplementary." Thus the entire popular
expression upon that, the most momentous
question which can be conceived, is the voice
of the members of the convention who may or
may not, as the case may be, represent a ma-
jority of the voters of the State. Sir, that is
not a fair and ample expression of popular
opinion according to my view, and I much pre-
fer either the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri or the amendment of the Senator from
Maine, so far as the expression of popular
opinion is concerned, to the bill itself.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, in the spring
pf 1865 the rebel cause went down, and in a
few months the President of the United States
permitted the rebels to use the machinery of
their old governments, shut out two fifths of
their population from any rights whatever, and
to take possession and control of those States.
They dia it, and those States are in their pos-
session. The rebels have possession of all the '
State governments with the exception of the
Executives of Virginia, of Arkansas, and of
Louisiana, Governors elected before the close
of the war; but the Legislatures of those States
are in rebel hands.
The other day we laid down the terms and
conditions of restoration. We dictated terms
and conditions as absolute as conquerors ever
dictated ; full and complete terms. At the time
we did it everybody said here that the princi-
ples avowed in that act, the declarations there
made, the conditions there laid down, were all
right, but the practical mode to carry them out
was wanting. That was the declaration in Con-
gress and out of Congress. This supplement-
ary bill was framed and introduced for the
purpose of supplying that defect by providing
a practical mode of carrying into effect the act
of last session. Two amendments have been
made by the House of Representatives to the
original bill, which I think weaken the Union
cause and our cause; and the Judiciary Com-
mittee have adopted another amendment, which
I think weakens it in another direction. The
effect of this amendment must be to continue
or increase the power of the rebels who are iu
possession of the present governments, and to
weaken our friends.
The population of the ten rebel States
amounts to about eight million ; four million
six hundred thousand are white, and three
million three hundred and sixty thousand are
colored. Estimating the voters as one fifth
of the population, there are nine hundred and
twenty-three thousand white voters.and six
hundred and seventy-two thousand colored
voters ; leaving a majority in those States of
only a quarter of a million white voters. We
have clothed the colored men with the right of
suffrage, and they have majorities in many of
these States. There ate thousands of loyal
white men who were loyal all through the war;
there are tens of thousands of men who were
somehow or other compromised by the rebel-
lion, who cannot take the oath of office, but
who were against the rebellion and against the
men who led them into the rebellion; who are
for the Union, for the Constitution, for the
old flag, ready to work for it, vote for it, and
fight for it; men who are in political sympathy
with a majority in both Chambers of Congress.
We propose simply not to ask rebel Govern-
ors, not to ask rebel Legislatures, put in power
by the consent of the President, to have any-
thing to say or do about it. We do propose
to ask the people themselves; propose to ask
not the Governor of South Carolina, not the
Legislature of South Carolina, but the people
of South Carolina, where the colored popula-
tion outnumber the whites by one hundred
and twenty thousand, and where they have a
majority of twenty-five thousand voters, to co-
operate with us in the work of restoration. It
is now proposed by this singular amendment
not to give them the privilege, but to ask the
consent of the rebel Legislature, and unless
that Legislature consents to let them vote, to
keep them out. Just so it is in Mississippi
and Louisiana and Alabama. A majority in
these States can be carried as easily for the
Union as we can carry the State of New Yoik
or the State of Pennsylvania; and not only
for the Union, but for candidates for Congress
who will come here and vote as we vote, speak
as wp speak, and think as we think, if we will
permit them to do it.
This bill was intended by me to put aside
the rebel leaders and rebel Governors and
Legislatures; tomakethem "take back seats;"
