114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
to bring j.he loyal men, the true Union white
men and the black men whom we have enfran-
chised, into the front seats. Let them frame
constitutions to secure their rights, and send
representatives here who can take the oath and
who can take part with us in the government
of the country. That is the original bill, and
that is its purpose. With the exercise of prac-
tical judgment, with good organization, scatter-
ing the great truth and the facts before the peo-
ple, a majority of these States will within a
twelvemonth send here Senators and Repre-
sentatives that think as we think, and speak
as we speak, and vote as we vote, and will give
their electoral votes for whoever we nominate
as candidate for President in 18G8. These
rebel States are ours if we will accept them.
Do Senators desire to repel them? l)oes any
Senator desire to keep these States out till
after the next election? Surely no Senator
can wish to go before the people in 18(58 with
these States out of their practical relations if
we can restore them.
Who expects to see a rebel Senator or Rep-
resentative from the State of South Carolina
come to these Chambers? Do you distrust
these black men who were true to us all through
the war? They are as sure to vote for the
cause of liberty, justice, and their country as
they were to fight for their country in the war.
Yet we are higgling about giving them the
opportunity to vote after we have decided that
they shall possess the right to vote. This
proposition tends to prevent their having a
chance to exercise the right to vote. We pro-
pose to ask their old rebel masters if they will
consent that they shall have a chance to vote.
That is the meaning of all this amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts will allow me to call his attention to
the clause in the law which we have passed on
the subject of suffrage as it exists now, and
will exist hereafter in the rebel States, although
we may not pass this bill at all. It says:
_ "In all elections to any offico under such provis-
ional governments, all persons shall be entitled to
vote, and none other, who are entitled to vote under
the piovisions of the fifth seetionof this act."
Where is the danger, then?
Mr. WILSON. It is practically this: we
have given them the privilege of voting, but
we want to give them a chance to do it, and
the Senator does not want to have that chance
given unless the rebel Legislatures consentto it.
That is the truth of it, and you cannot argue
around it or get over it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They have all the ma-
chinery in their own hands.
Mr. WILSON. Yes, they have the ma-
chinery ; they have the State organizations, and
can, if they choose, so legislate that you cannot
have an election. We have clothed them with
the power; now let us give them an opportunity
to vote. We can carry ninety-nine out of every
one hundred of these colored voters for their
country, for liberty, for equal and just laws.
Tlicy will vote for loyal men, and not only
loyal men, but men who love liberty and jus-
tice and humanity. They will fill these Cham-
bers with such men, instead of with the rebel
leaders whom we have disqualified and dis-
franchised. A rebel cannot come to these
Chambers; he cannot take the test oath ; and
nobody now proposes to change that oath. We
have disfranchised the rebel leaders, who are
excluded from office by the constitutional
amendment, so they are almost powerless. Do
Senators fear these disqualified and disfran-
chised leaders? What is there to do? Just
let us have these men registered, and give them
an opportunity to vote. Let them elect a con-
vention, and if they elect conventions that will
make constitutions complying with the terms
and conditions we have proposed, and if they
send here loyal representatives who can take
the oath, we can admit them. The power is
all in our own hands.
The terms we have made are hard enough,
and I have no heart to ask anything more. The
time has come, in my judgment, when, having
laid down our conditions, having stamped our
ideas and our principles on every foot of the
rebel States, where they will remain while the
continent lasts, for our friends there, those who
have been true to the country's flag, those who
have been emancipated, and those who want
to do right, to have the opportunity to bring
the States back to the Union. Iao not believe
there is any State in the South, unless it be
the old State of Virginia and the State of Texas,
that can maintain for three years an opposi-
tion to our ideas which the nation has imposed
upon them, or can maintain a political antago-
nism to us. South Carolina and Mississippi
and Louisiana and North Carolina are sure to
vote as we vote during the years to come, unless
we drive them from us. We have the power
there; let us use it wisely. I know the men
whom we have clothed with the suffrage there
will vote for their own liberty, for their own
rights, for the rights of their wives and chil-
dren, for education, and for elevation.
W e have heard of radical Radicals and of
conservative Radicals. We know that the
radicals of Radicals in this country are in the
State of Missouri, lately a slave State. So it
is in Tennessee, and so it will be in South
Carolina within the next two or three years,
and it must be so from the very nature of the
contest. We must have in all these States a
contest of principle. Our friends in Missouri
have had this contest of principle. In our part
of the country we are locally divided about
little questions and measures, or about who
shall be in power or who out: the great and
fundamental principles of human rights are
settled with us and have been settled for gen-
erations. There is no great contest about fun-
damental ideas orprinciples with us. In these
States, however, there must be great contests
of ideas and principles, and we shall find that
there will be a liberal progressive party, a party
of freedom, a party of enfranchisement, a party
of liberal ideas, a party of popular education,
a party that will go for elevating and improving
the condition of the mass of the people, and
that party must be in hostility to the old ideas
and principles which pervaded that section of
country. The result will be that in all these
States we shall have a radical progressive party
and a conservative party, and the radical men
there will stand by the radical men of the
country who have overthrown the slave power,
overthrown slavery, saved their country, made
the Republic forever free, passed the constitu-
tional amendments, passed the civil rights bill,
passed the enfranchisement acts, and made all
men free and equal citizens. I think the time
has come when we should give them the oppor-
tunity to act, and go to work and organize them
so as to carry our ideas and our principles,
which we believe will be for the good of the
whole country. To do it we must begin the
work; let into political action three million
three hundred thousand blacks; put them in
as an element of power. But while we do all
this we should act generous toward all the
men who have been in the rebellion, and-take
them by the right hand when they are ready
to come with us and stand for the old flag, for
the country, and for the ideas represented by
the old flag in the struggles of the last six years.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I do not intend
to occupy the attention of the Senate. Had
I been here while the bill to which this is sup-
plementary was pending. I should have taken
occasion then to say what, though it be a little
out of order, I desire to say now. First, how-
ever, I am a little surprised at the position of
my conservative radical friend from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Wilsox.] Yesterday there
was a proposition before the Senate to allow
these people, in whom he has so much confi-
dence, to say upon their ballot whether they
desired a convention or not; but to that propo-
sition the Senator, at the risk, as he said, of
being called a conservative Radical, was op-
posed. I think he erred in judgment there.
I think the Senate, before they get through
with the discussion of this bill, will have to
return to the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Missouri [Mr. Drake] before it will
be satisfactory to the majority of this body. I
prefer, however, if that cannot be carried,
that the amendment of the Senator from
Maine shall prevail.
In the first place, my conservative frjend
from Massachusetts entertains a wish in which
I do not in the fullest measure sympathize. I
am in no hurry to have these rebels come back;
but when I say that, I do not intend to throw
any impediment in the way of their coming
just so soon as it is safe for the loyal men of
this country to have that element so largely
mingled with them. The course of legislation of
this body seems to be to accommodate itself in
all respects to the necessities of rebels. I take
another view of the necessities of the hour. I
am not unmindful of the terrible struggle
through which we have just passed; neither am
I unmindful of the importance of the settlement
of this question ; but, sir, the highest consid-
eration that should move this body in legis-
lating upon the means of reconstruction is what
is required by safety to the institutions we so
much love and for which we have given so much
blood and treasure. The loyal necessities of
this country are to be taken into consideration.
I do not believe that you can ever make a rebel
loyal. A conquered rebel is always rebellious.
I have a little regard, too, for the class of
people that the Senator from Massachusetts so
warmly embraces; but there is a law just as
inflexible in the mental as in the physical
world, that the stronger will govern and con-
trol the weaker to a great extent. I do not
expect of the lately enfranchised people that
they, with the swaddling-clothes of freedom
yet around them, can battle with these giants of
Gath against whom they are to come face to
face, either with arguments or mental powers.
It took almighty power in olden time to rear a
ministry for immediate use—a power higher,
greater than the power of this Senate to confer
upon these recently enfranchised people. I
expect nothing efee but that for many years
their old masters will to a great extent control
the vote of their former slaves and servants.
We need not expect too much from those
newly-enfranchised people or a superiority
over the white race. Go through the New
England States, into their vast manufacturing
establishments, and when the hordes that flock
out from there go to the polls to vote they vote
more or less as representing the wishes of their
employer, although their employer may not say
one word to them about it. Go among these
people and you will find the same fact existing,
that unconsciously they are more or less swayed
by the will of their former master. They are
taking, if I may use the expression, the un-
steady tread of the infant; they are now walk-
ing with blind eyes to some extent, and my
distinguished friend from Massachusetts will
find that he is mistaken when he arrays his
power against that of their former advisers and
masters. Sir, it is going tq, take a long time
to build this race up into the full stature of the
manhood of freedom.
The Senator asks why I keep them out. I
read in a paper yesterday, and in a paper from
the State which the gentleman has such great
confidence in carrying, as a reason why they
should embrace early this opportunity to return,
that the master had not yet lost liis control
over his former slave, and they had better take
this offer before he did so as to carry his vote.
There is sound reasoning in that; there is
sound philosophy in that reasoning.
I think the proposition of the Senator from
Maine is better than nothing. Why? Because
I entertain no doubt that it will retard their
coming back. I do not want them to come
back as the avalanche. I %vant these rebels to
want to come back before I want them to come
back. I have no right to take a rebel nolens
volens and drag him in here; I would rather give
him a propelling power the other way, much
rathe*. [Laughter.] My friend Wilson wants
him brought here—I beg pardon, the Senator
