116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
reconstruction t<> Legislatures elected last year
or the year before, elected by half the people)
and that half almost exclusively rebel. We
submit the question to governments we have
denounced as illegal, unauthorized, in viola-
tion'-of constitutional authority. Sir, we dare
not do this thing.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the honor-
able Senator froth Nevada [Mr. Nye] near the
close of his speech was pleased to say that I
had assumed a new position and was nervously
anxious for its vindication. I have assumed no
new position. I have im) occasion to assume
new positions on questions growing out of
slavery or this rebellion. For more than thirty
years, in private life and in public life before
the people, in nine years of public service in
the Legislature of my own State and in four'
teen sessions of the Senate of the United States
I have fought and spoken and voted for coun-
try and liberty, against slavery, secession, and
rebellion. In May, 18-36, nearly thirty-one yeats
ago, I committed myself fully and unreservedly
to the anti-slavery cause in the hour of its peril
and weakness, and from that time to the present
in all the conflicts of opinion and in all the
struggles that have shaken the continent I have
uttered no word and given no vote that did not
tend practically to advance the anti-slavery
cause, and taken no position that has not been
sustained by an overwhelming majority of the
anti-slavery men in America. But in all these
conflicts of opinion, in the conflict of arras, I
have cherished no hatred toward any portion
of my struggling countrymen of the North or
of the South.
I have entertained no doubts of the results
of the conflict either of ideas or of arms; and
if I cherished no spirit of wrath or of hatred
when struggling in a minority or battling for
the overthrow of the great rebellion in arms, I
surely cannot do so now when the ideas for
which we have struggled are triumphant and
the slave-master's power broken forever. Pa-
triotism and liberty, justice and humanity, alike
demand that we should embrace in our affec-
tions the whole coustry and the people of the
whole country; that we should bury, deeper
than plummet ever sounded, all the bitter mem-
ories of the conflicts, and strive to cultivate
mutual faith and common trust. Having saved
our country, having emancipated a race, hav-
ing made them citizens of the United States,
having clothed them with the civil rights that
belong to citizens of the United States, hav-
ing weaponed them with the ballot for the pro-
tection of life, liberty, and property, having im-
posed upon their old masters conditions of the
complete recognition of their equal rights be-
fore and under the laws of the country, let us
grace our great triumphs, which earth applauds
and Heaven blesses, by words and deeds of
Christian charity. This is no new position for
me to take; I hope it is no new position for
the Senator from Nevada to take.
The Senator from Nevada tells us that we
seem to be influenced in our action by the
necessities of the rebels. When and how
have we been influenced by the necessities of
the rebels? We put down their rebellion with
the hand of war after more than six hundred
bloody contests. We have moved steadily on-
ward by legislation and constitutional amend-
ments until we have crowned all by requiring
as an unalterable condition that the rebels
shall accept our ideas, principles, and meas-
ures, and complete the work of our hands. In
this action have we been influenced by the
necessities of the rebels?
The Senator from Nevada tells us that the
rebel Legislatures are urged to early and
prompt action ere the influence of the slave-
masters shall be lost over the freedmen. So
the Senator from Nevada is willing to vote for
the pending amendment that puts reconstruction
and restoration in the keeping of rebel Legis-
latures. I do not want rebel Legislatures to
seize the opportunity to use the commanding
power of their organizations to obtain the con-
trolling influence in their constitutional con-
ventions. I would not permit rebel Legisla-
tures which are organized to take a snap judg-
ment, nor do I want them to delay the meeting
of conventions. I would take the power out
of the hands of these rebel Legislatures and
place it in the hands of our district command-
ers. I would have the registration of the
votes begin at onoe, for that registration will
be a great preparation of the masses of the
people unused to the exercise of political
power.
•The Senator tells' us that the men We have
emancipated and weaponed with the ballot are
not prepared to exercise the right of suffrage
intelligently, and it will take a long time to
prepare them to do so.
Mr. NYE. I think I could not have said
that. What I intended to say, and what I think
I did say, was that it would take them a long
time to grapple in the science of politics with
those men who have spent a lifetime in it. I
think so still.
Mr. WILSON. I agree with the Senator
that it will take a long tictte for these emanci-
pated men to learn to be able to grapple in the
Science of politics with the men who have con-
trolled and still Control the policy of those
States. But we have clothed these emanci-
Eated men with power, and I want them to
egin at once to exercise that power. The
honorable Senator did tell us that they would
be influenced more or less in their political
action by their old masters, as the laboring
men of the North were influenced more or less
in their action by their employers. So we
were told that these men would fight for their
old masters, but they were true to country and
to liberty in spite of the commanding influences
of their masters, and they will be true to coun-
try and to liberty in spite of the influences of
wealth or power.
I have, Mr. President, believed that the
President committed an unpardonable offense
against his country when he restored the rebels
to power after the annihilation of the rebel
armies. I have believed that the offices held
in rebel States by rebels should be vacated.
When the military government bill was pend-
ing, I moved an amendment providing that the
offices filled by rebels should be vacated. I
do not want rebels in power there or here, and
therefore I want the people, the enfranchised
black men, the men who have ever been loyal
and true, an,d the repentant rebels to put these
rebels out of power there as well as here. This
bill is a practical mode Qf carrying into effect
the conditions we have imposed. Its passage
will hasten the day when the rebel chiefs must
pass from power in these rebel States.
But the honorable Senator tells us that a
case growing out of the Alexandria election
is to be made up and taken to the Supreme
Court of the United States, and that the court
may pronounce all our legislation unconsti-
tutional. It will be time enough for us to
defer to the opinions of that court when they
are promulgated. That court, I apprehend
will pronounce no opinions for months to
come. Let us go right onward then, complete
the work we have begun, secure the adoption
of the constitutional amendment, the revision
of these State constitutions, the equality and
enfranchisement of the freedmen, and the
restoration of these States to their practical
relations. Whatever may be illegal in the
processes of reconstruction, if we legalize the
result, no judicial tribunal can baffle or defeat
the will of the nation.
We now occupy a commanding position; we
dictate terms and conditions; we can devise
practical modes of action to bring about as
speedily aa possible the desire of the nation,
the final restoration of the States lately in
rebellion. That restoration upon the condi-
tions we have imposed will crown the great
work in which we have been engaged. Then
we can say that we were true to the cause of
periled liberty; that we saved the life of the
nation menaced by a gigantic rebellion; that
we gave freedom to more -than four million
men; made them citizens of the United States;
clothed them with civil rights and political
power, Mid made our country great and glorious
and an example to the nations.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I have a word to say on this amendment. I
take it for granted that the object of the recon-
struction measure which the Senate adopted
was the admission and not the exclusion of the
rebel States. If the object was to keep the
rebel States out of the Union, to keep that con-
nection severed, all we had to do was to do
nothing. It was entirely unnecessary that week
after week and night after night we should have
Stayed here laboring to perfect a measure by
which these States might be restored in their
relations to the Federal Government. I take
that, then, for granted, by reason of the action
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
What is the objection to the bill which this
amendment proposes to remedy? It is said to
be this: that it is not desirable that any State
should be introduced into the Union, or its
relations festored to the Union, against its will.
In that sentiment I suppose every Senator here
will concur. That is all the object which is
sought by the amendment, and m that we all
concur. Why, then, should we not adopt the
amendment? Simply because you do not get
at the will of the people by adopting the amend-
ment, and because the bill unamended does
make ample provision to ascertain the will of
the people. How? The bill provides that
all the people, all male citizens who are
twenty-one years of age, without distinction of
tace or color, shall have the right to vote for
delegates to a convention. What then? Of
course unless representative government is a
failure, of course unless onr own Government
is a farce, those representatives, those dele-
gates will represent the will and the sentiment
of the constituency that elects them, just as we
do; and that convention, when it is assembled,
are, by the provisions of this bill, to vote whether
they will form a constitution, or whether they
decline to restore their relations to this Gov-
ernment, and therefore will form no constitu-
tion. Does not that get at the will of the
people? As I said before, it does unless rep-
resentative government is a farce.
But more than that: it is the very plan
adopted and pointed out in the Constitution
of the United States by which the will of the
people is ascertained on any amendment that
we propose to the American people. It is by
the election of delegates who meet in conven-
tion that the will of the people is ascertained;
and so they determine whether they will adopt
an amendment to the Constituion or not. Can
it be said that it is not a fair way of ascertain-
ing the will of the people ?
But again, Mr. President, can it be pretended
that the expression of the sentiment of this con-
vention, elected by all the people for the very
purpose of ascertaining whether they will have
a constitution or not, is not an infinitely fairer
way of ascertaining the will of the people than
to leave it to the provisional Legislature elected
before the question was up, rebel in their tend-
encies, not elected by the whole people? Is it
not a fairer way than any future Legislature of
that provisional government, even when all the
people vote?
That is one way which the bill provides to
ascertain the will of the people; but there is
another way. After the constitution is framed
it must be submitted to the people, and, as I
understand the act, it must be ratified by a ma-
jority of the votes of all who are registered. The
language is, "ofall who are qualified." Who
are qualified? Those who are registered; and
the language is identical in its signification as'
if it had said a majority of the votes of all who
are registered.
So, then, delegates fresh from the people
determine whether they will form a constitution
or not. Then the constitution is submitted to
the people, and it eantiot become the law of
the State unless a majority of all who are regis-
tered are in favor of it. In other words, every
person who is registered, and who fails to vote,
is counted aS voting against restoring the rela-
tions to the Federal Government.
