1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The distinguished Senator from Michigan
says that he wants to see these rebel govern-
ments knocking at oar door 5 he wants to see
them brought to the stool of repentance. J
do not want to have anything to do with the
rebel governments. I do not want them
knocking at the door. I want a government
republican in form, clad in loyalty, coining to
our door ; and I want to see this nation open
■wide the portals and admit them. I think
that there is much more danger, if you adopt
the amendment, that you will see the loyal
men of the South on the stool of repentance,
humbling themselves in dust and ashes to a
rebel government, asking them what? Ask-
ing them if they will just consent that they
may take advantage of that law passed by tlie
Congress of the United States; for if the rebel
government, the provisional government says
no, they must forever remain in their present
miserable condition. I think the bill makes
ample provision. I think the amendment will
not bear the light of scrutiny.
Mr. President, in this bill I believe we have
the basis of complete restoration. I believe
we have what the people of this country will
decree shall be a finality—no confiscation, no
additions. There it is; it is the faith of tlie
Government, and the faith of a Government is
its religion, pledged to them. Let them com-
ply with the terms, and we will fulfill it on our
part. The people of this country approve the
measure ; the dominant party of the country
are rejoicing over it; the Democracy, many of
them, approve of it; the loyal men of the
South adopt it; those who have been in rebel-
lion are ready to take advantage of it.
I congratulate the country that the distin-
guished Senator from Maryland, [Mr. John-
Sox,] at a critical point in the history of this
bill, rose to the height of his great duty and
gave this measure the_ sanction of his vote;
and it has commended it to a large portion of
the population of this country, who have
looked to him to get a direction to the view
they shall take on many subjects of a political
character. I regret .that the President had not
given it his signature. The benign results of
the bill perhaps would have been more speedy,
but they would not have been more certain.
Sir, this country is in no danger. This coun-
try is saije in the hands of the people who own
it and who love it. I want to extend the fran-
chise. I want it to be enjoyed by all these ten
rebel States. The rush of this nation in its
political career will cease when political free-
dom, when equality, when exact justice are
secured to everv man in this country, and we
will never have peace until that day comes.
When the waters all rise to a common level
then the current and the torrent will cease.
Mr. President, what have we done? We
have put down a rebellion which the world
said was invincible. We have verified the
declaration of the Constitution, that the Con-
stitution and the laws are the supreme law of
the land, not of the loyal States, but of the
land, and every rood and acre in this broad
continent bounded by its tide of waters. Sir,
if the inhabitants of these ten States should
evacuate those States, the Constitution and the
laws would brood and hover there, and the
first mortal that stepped upon that soil would
come under the dominion and the segis of
those laws. We have verified the declaration
of the Constitution, that war and peace and
currency and controversies between the States
are within the exclusive jurisdiction of the
Federal Government. And we have verified
another declaration of the Constitution: that
the Federal Government has the right to pass
all laws to carry these powers into execution;
and those three propositions contained in the
Constitution answer the whole veto message
of the President.
Now, sir, the war being ended, the Consti-
tution being vindicated, let us have harmony
and peace, not by the sacrifice of any princi-
ple, but by obtaining all that Radicals or radi-
cal Radicals ever asked. Here is a measure
that was passed a fortnight since by three
m
fourths of the Congress of the United States.
Is it necessary now that we should say that
all this action shall be nugatory and void, ex-
cept the single act of registration, unless the
provisional governments of these States con-
sent that the people may take advantage of
the legislation which we have enacted in their
favor'.' I trust the amendment, will not be
adopted.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, the whole range
which this discussion has taken this morning
upon the proposition of the honorable Senator
from Maine has only confirmed me in the esti-
mate which I placed upon the necessity and im-
portance of the amendment that I submitted
yesterday, to have the people in the rebel States
themselves directly^ express their wishes in re-
gard to the formation of a government under
this act. It seems to be conceded on all hands,
not only in the act reported by the committee,
but in all the remarks of Senators on the floor
since that report was presented and placed
before the Senate, that in some way or other
there should be on the part of that southern
people an expression of their wish on the sub-
ject of the formation of a government loyal to
the Union. The bill provides for that expres-
sion after a 'convention shall have been held
and when the constitution formed by that con-
vention shall be voted upon by the people. I
thought that was taking the expression of opin-
ion at the wrong end of the line, taking it at
the end instead of the beginning.
Now, the Senator from Maine seems to think
that there is still another way in which this
expression shall be made; ?nd he proposes
that it shall be made in advance by the action
of the provisional Legislatures now in office
there. Upon this there is one single view which
I have to bring to the attention of the honor-
able Senator from Maine, which has not been
adverted to by any gentleman who has yet
addressed the Senate, and which, in my judg-
ment, is conclusive against his proposed amend-
ment. Reference has been made by Senators
here to the fact that these very Legislatures
who have to initiate the movement under this
amendment of the honorable Senator's to form
a State government there were elected in times
passed; but there is one thing in conncction with
that fact which has not yet been mentioned
■before the Senate by any gentleman, I believe,
who has yet addressed it; and that is, that you
have the question determined by the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine for the present
people of the rebel "States by a Legislature in
each State which represents another, a differ-
ent,'and a past constituency. If these Legisla-
tures were elected last year, they do not repre-
sent the constituency of the present year. If
they were elected by the people in 1865, they
still less represent the people of those States
in 1867. It is, therefore, very plain to my mind
that it would be a gross act of injustice to the
people of those States in 1867 to allow a Legis-
lature elected in 1866 or 1865, and representing
an entirely different constituency, to speak for
them upon this most important subject.
I am, therefore, contrained, Mr. President, to
vote against the proposition of the honorable
Senator from Maine; and I do trust, as it seems
to be the common mind of the Senate, not only
as shadowed forth in the bill, but as expressed
in the remarks of Senators, that by the time
this bill comes back into the Senate from the
Committee of the Whole, it may be that, with
that high frankness which should characterize
this body on a reconsideration of all the argu-
ments made use of here, some of the gentle-
men who yesterday voted against the proposi-
tion which I made, to submit the whole ques-
tion of a State government to the people di-
rectly in the beginning, will_ see finally that
that is the true key-note of this whole transac-
tion. My idea is that no State government
shall by any possible device or machinery be
forced upon those people. ' All the agency
which Congress should have in this matter is
to open the door for reconstruction, and leave
it to that people to come in or to stay out, as
Therefore I am opposed to first
forcing thern^ into #n election of delegates,
when they might not wii?h those ^legates to
fGt; J W opposed to. any proceeding which
looks lijse demanding of them to come in. I
t? t exwci3e their own unbiased will.
If they desire to come back with ft constitution
,a,nd government loyal to the Union, Let them
come. If they wish to stay opt because they
do not desire to form such a constitution and
State government as that, I say to them stay
out for a hundred years to come. I do not
want to force them.
Therefore .it was th$t yesterday I thought I
would invoke before this Senate and before the
country the very fundamental idea of all our
institutions) the consent of the people to their
ovtn government, and have that consent regis-
tered, recorded in the ballot-box of the country
and in the archives of the country before they
should take one step in it. Then, sir, we should
stand in an impregnable position, to wit, that
we have fairly and bona, fids submitted to that
people the question whether they will form
such a government, and their recorded decis-
ion is either in favor o-f or against it, and the
whole responsibility rests with them. Then,
when that is done, the vocation of the Supreme
Court to nullify the acts of a loyal Congress is
gone. I hope, I yet hope, from what I have
heard on the floor of the Senate this morning,
and from my profound conviction that no pride
of opinion will lead any Senator ever to adhere
to ,a vote that he has given a moment longer
than it seems to him wise to do so, that when
the question comes up again upon this matter
of starting at the foundation, building the
foundation upon the voice of the people, and
putting the superstructure up with that voice,
and putting the very ca,p-sheet to the structure
with that same voice, having that same people
to bring it all here to us and say at last, "Sirs,
here is what not a minority have done, not
what a few oligarchs have done, but what the
people have done; the people laid the corner-
stone,; the people built the .superstructure; the
people hand it over to you complete—it is my
hope, sir, that at last a returning sense of
wisdom in the Senate will induce them to make
a provision which shall bring about that result,
which, when brought about, ties those States to
the Union with bonds which shall never be
broken, and the fairness of the imposition of
which they themselves can never question.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I believe the Senate
has ordered a flight session upon this bill, and
as it is nearly four o'clock I will move that the
Senate resolve itself into executive session.
Mr. CONNESS and Mr. ANTHONY. Let
us take a vote on this amendment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall not go
into executive session at this hour.
Mr. CONNESS. There will be no further
discussion, I presume, on the pending amend-
ment, and we can get a vote upon it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I withdraw the motion
with pleasure. I bave only to say that I shall
vote for this amendment, and I should have
cheerfully voted for the amendment offered yes-
terday by the Senator from Missouri if it had
provid-ed that a majority of the persons voting
at the election proposed by him should have
determined the question. ' The difficulty I had
in my head in supporting his amendment was,
that lie proposed to count the persons who did
not vote, and who, therefore, in my opinion,
ought not to be included or considered in the
determination of the question suggested by
the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the vote is taken I
desire to make one remark. I certainly shall
not be long, and I may crave the indulgence
of the Senate when I say it is the first time I
have said anything since the debate began
yesterday.
In voting pn the proposition of the Senator
from Maine I ask myself one question: how
would the Union men of the South vote, if
they had the privilege, on the proposition now
before us? They are unrepresented. We
here ought to be the representatives of the
unrepresented. How, then, would the Union
