118
THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
March 15,
men of the South vote on the proposition of
the Senator from Maine? I cannot doubt that
with one voice they would vote ho. They
would say that they would not trust their for-
tunes in any way to the existing governments
of the rebel States. Those governments have
been set up in spite of the Union men ; and
during their short-lived existence they have
trampled upon Union men and upon their
rights. That region might be described almost
as bleeding at every pore, and much through
the influence of the existing governments.
They owed their origin to the action of the
President. So long as they continue their
influence must be pernicious. I hear, then,
the voice of every Union man from every one
of the rebel States coming up to this Chamber
and entreating us to refuse all trust, all power
to these existing Legislatures. I listen to their
voice, and I shall vote accordingly.
But I feel, nevertheless, that something ought
to be done in the direction of the proposition
of the Senator from Maine. I listened to his
remarks, and in their spirit I entirely concur;
but it seems to me that his argument carried
us naturally to the proposition of the Senator
from Missouri. That is a proposition to my
mind founded in good sense, in prudence, in a
just economy of political forces. It seems to
me the Senator from Missouri begins at the
right end. He begins with the people, and he
proposes that the new governments, when con-
stituted, shall stand on that broad base. The
other proposition, the proposition of the com-
mittee, to my mind has too much the air of
standing the pyramid on its apex. I am there-
fore for the proposition of the Senator from
Missouri, and I hope" that at the proper time
he will renew it again and give us another
opportunity of recording our votes in its favor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the Sena-
tor from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall ask for the yeas
and nays on that aS a test question. If it is
voted down, I shall withdraw the other amend-
ments. ■"
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, (when his
name was called,) said: On this vote I am
paired with the Senator from Iowa, [Mr.
Grimes.]
The result was announced—yeas 14, nays
33 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bnckalew, Davis, Dixon, Edmunds,
Ferry, Fessenden, Howard, Morgan, Morrill o fMaine,
Nye, Patterson of Now Hampshire, Patterson of
Tenne^ee, Thayer, and Williams—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Cole, Conkling, Conness,Corbett, Cras:in, Drake,
Fowler. Frelinshuysen, Harlan, Henderson, Hend-
ricks, Howe, Johnson, Morton, Norton, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Ross, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner,
Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Wiiley, Wil-
son, and Yates—33.
ABSENT—Messrs, Doolittle. Grimes, Guthrie, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Riddle, and Saulsbury—G.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. _ I will ask leave now
to withdraw the other amendments that 1 sub-
mitted, as I considered this a test question.
Mr. JOHNSON. This is the first amend-
ment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is the first, and
it is a test question I suppose. There were
two others that followed it and were part of
the same proposition, which I now ask leave to
withdraw.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection, and they are withdrawn.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr, McPherson", its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H.JR. No. 10) in relation to certain coin and
bullion on special deposit in the Treasury.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (S. No. 49) to repeal a joint resolution en-
titled "A joint resolution to provide for the
removal of the wreck of the steamship Scot-
land," approved January 29, 1867; and it was
thereupon signed by the President pro tempore
of the Senate.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move that the Senate
resolve itself into executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before that is done I ask
leave to introduce a joint resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall resist going into
executive session, and I hope that the friends
of this measure, if it has any, will sustain me
in doing so. It is manifest that there is a dis-
position in some quarters to prolong action otst
the measure. If we can only vote on one
amendment a day, with the amendments that
are likely to be proposed, we may be here
indefinitely.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask leave to introduce
a joint resolution, and I hope the Senator will
allow that to be done.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there any such im-
portance in that as to interrupt the business
before the Senate ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have it
referred.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
that, but I object to going into executive ses-
sion.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted
to introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 33)
to relieve Robert M. Patton and Joseph E.
Brown from disability to hold office ; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of the
United States, communicating, in compliance
with the resolution of the Senate of the 31st of
January, correspondence between the Depart-
ment of State and the United States consul at
Geneva with reference to the policy of the Pres-
ident toward the States lately in rebellion ;
which, on motion of Mr. Scjixeb, was ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 10) in rela"
tion to certain coin and bullion on special
deposit in the Treasury, was read twicc by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to the inter-
ruption of the business before the Senate un-
less the Senate determines by a vote to go
into executive session, and on that I shall ask
for the yeas and nays. I express the hope
that the friends of the passage of this bill will
adhere to it and pass it. We see the effect of
adjourning. We have had the debate of yes-
terday all over to-day, and you will have it all
over io-morrow —
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to inquire if a
recess has been ordered this evening?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then we may as well
spend an hour now in disposing of the execu-
tive communications and come back here in
the evening and go on with the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Ohio is in favor, when we have had a discus-
sion here and got it to a close and are prepared
for action, of going into executive session each
day, and the majority of the Senate so decide,
I cannot help it; but I do think that if you
mean to get through with this bill within any
reasonable time, you must adhere to it, and
if there is a majority of the Senate in favor of
it I hope it will do so. If it is not, let us give
way to these side motions.
Mr. SHERMAN, I am in favor of this bill
and expect to vote for it, and am willing to sit
it out, if the Senator desires, to-night; but
certainly every day we ought to have an exec-
utive session. This is the usual hour and a
proper time. We can spend an hour in execu-
i tive session, and then come back this evening
and perhaps dispose of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say to my
friend from Illinois that I protest against bis
putting or attempting to put anybody here in
the predicament he seems to desire. Now, I
am in favor of this bill generally, but I want
it amended. I have tried my own amendment,,
and that has failed. I am content when I am
whipped to. recognize the fact; but I do not
wish it to be said, "If you vote to go into
executive session, necessary as you may deem
it, you are therefore against this bill." I do
not admit that fact. I am in favor of passing
the bill after it has been discussed and prop-
erly amended, if it needs amendment, and of
taking such time for it as may be necessary.
We are not particularly pressed in that regard ;
but I do think we ought every day, as we are
having so many executive communications,
and especially when we have agreed to take a
recess and meet this evening, to have those
communications referred to the proper com-
mittees. I am therefore in favorof the motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It must be apparent to
every Senator, and to none more than the Sen-
ator from Maine, that after the passage of this
bill, if it should pass, the Senate will neces-
sarily be detained here a very considerable
time. I am not aware of any other measure,
except this, that is likely to keep the Senate
here. This measure, if it passes, has to go to
the House, has to be considered there ; and
no one knows better than the Senator from
Maine that in a single day, with no other busi-
ness before us, we could dispose of all the
executive business twice over. I do not say that
the Senator from Maine is opposed to this meas-
ure; I suppose he is for some measure of this
kind; and I did not mean to be understood as
saying that every person who should vote to
go into executive session was opposed to this
bill. What I meant to say was this: that from
my experience in the Senate, if we adjourned
each day at the close of a lengthy discussion,
without proceeding any further than a vote
upon a single amendment, when the discussion
of the day is pretty much exhausted, we are
likely to have it all over again at «ur next
meeting, and we shall make very little progress.
We tried this yesterday. We had the yeas and
nays on going into executive session. We lost
a great deal of time on the persistent motion
to go into executive session. It was carried,
and is very likely to be carried to-day. I can
only do my duty, as I conceive it to be, having
charge of this measure as chairman of the
committee who reported it, and ask the Senate
to continue this bill before the Senate, cer-
tainly until a later hour than this. It will take
but a few minutes to read the executive com-
munications : certainly it would not take an
hour, a quarter or a third of our whole session.
But if the Senate votes the other way I shall
submit to it as willingly as the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not wish to take up
any time in discussing the order of business;
but I wish to say, as stated by the honorable
Senator from Maine, that I am a friend of this
bill, but also I think we should keep along with
the executive business, and I shall vote now to
go into executive session, and then vote with
the Senator to stay here as long as he shall want
us to do so this evening.
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope the honorable chair-
man of the committee will withdraw his oppo-
sition to this motion. There will be no diffi-
culty in passing the bill either to-night or to-
morrow. The House has adjourned over until
Monday, as I understand, and there is execu-
tive business on the table which I understand
requires immediate attention.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
Mr, TRUMBULL. On that I desire to have
the yeas and nays.
