120
TH8 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
been admitted by the consent of the Speaker or
by leave of the Doorkeepers. If _this attended
rule should be adopted, the officers of the
House will feel prohibited by the express terms
of the rule from admitting to the floor of the
House any person not entitled to admission by
the rule or by the order of the House. _ Such
will be the effect as understood and desired by
the members of the committee.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Massachusetts whether this
amendment to the rule does not contemplate
that those admitted shall register their names
in a book to be kept at the door.
Mr. BANKS. It does.
Mr. SPALDING. That will be a safeguard.
Mr. BANKS. It is declared in the propo-
sition which we submit that every ex-member
of the House shall before admission register
himself.
Mr. CHANLEE. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to modify or enlarge this pro-
posed new rule, so as to provide that any ex-
member interested in any financial measure or
appropriation of land shall also be excluded.
It seems to me that the rule is not suffi-
ciently broad to embrace all who should be
excluded from the floor. I do not see why
ex-members of Congress who are interested
in land grants or in appropriations or in meas-
ures of great importance to themselves should
be admitted here when persons advocating
claims are excluded. I suggest that the gen-
tleman make his rule effective and just. It
should include not only all persons having a
personal interest in financial measures or meas-
ures granting lands or other measures of great
importance, but persons interested in claims.
Mr. BANKS. It is not my province to make
any modification of the resolution. I report
it as unanimously agreed to by the committee.
Mr. CHANLER. Isanamendmentinorder?
The SPEAKER. It isif the gentleman from
Massachusetts yields for that purpose.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the previous question.
The previous question was seconded—ayes
sixty, noes not counted—and the main ques-
tion ordered; and under the operation thereof
the amendment to the rule was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. As tnis rule has been
amended, the Chair will state that by the usage
in both branches of Congress during their entire
history, as the Chair believes,-all persons who
have received a vote of thanks by Congress are
allowed admission to the floor, not by any
written, but by an unwritten rule. The Chair
understands that that usage is not to be
changed.
Mr. PRUYN. A single suggestion in regard
to the admission to the floor of persons of dis-
tinction and of the class to which the Speaker
has just referred. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts informs me that the custom has always
been for the Speaker to take the responsibility
in such cases, and I hope that will be the un-
derstanding now.
The SPEAKER. That has been the usage;
but since the present occupant of the chair lias
held the position he. has felt it his duty not to
give that consent, but has referred the matter
to the Doorkeeper. The Chair does not like to
take the responsibility, and therefore declined
two or three years ago, when requested, to
make any formal order. These cases can be
acted upon by the unanimous order of the
House.
Mr. PRUYN. One word further. It ap-
pears to be necessary that our Presiding Officer
should have authority to admit these persons.
The SPEAKER. The usage has been to
admit such persons, but the present Speaker
has not ordered the Doorkeeper to admit them,
although the custom still exists, as he under-
stands, of admitting them.
Mr. PRUYN. I suppose the House will
consent to a modification of the rule to meet
that necessity.
Mr. BANKS. The object desired by the
gentleman from New York, of allowing the
admission of distinguished persons, can be
easily attained by the Speaker asking t-hg-gen-
eral consent of the House for the admission
of such persons at any time.
The SPEAKER. If it is the order of the
House, the Chair will assume the responsibil-
ity ; if not, he will throw the responsibility
upon the House.
Mr. PRUYN. I hope the Chair will assume
the responsibility.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope he will not.
Mr. SCHENCK. As formerly understood
those who had received by name the thanks of
Congress were included. I suggest the pro-
priety of having them included now by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. BANKS. That is understood.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York suggests the modification. The Chair
hears no objection, and the rule is therefore so
amended.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsidet1 the various
votes taken; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled joint resolution signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found truly en-
rolled a joint resolution (H. R. No. 2) to
authorize the refunding of discriminating duties
exacted upon merchandise imported in Ha-
waiian vessels; when the Speaker signed the
me.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. THOMAS, the papers in
the case of James Hooper, of Baltimore, were
withdrawn from the files of the House.
On motion of Mr. PHELPS, the papers in
the ease of George A. Taylor and of Joseph
Ballum were withdrawn from the files.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, the papers in
the case of J. Reward. presented January 24,
1849, were withdrawn from the files.
On motion of Mr. GRISWOLD, the papers
in the case of Hiram Slocum were withdrawn
from the files.
executive communications.
Mr. BLAINE, from the Committee on the
Rules, reported the following as an additional
rule:
Rule —. Estimates of appropriation? and all other
communications from the Executive Departments,
intended for the consideration of any of the commit-
tees of the House, shall be addressed to the Speaker,
and by him submitted to the House for reference.
Mr. BLAINE. If any explanation is needed,
I will state that the object of this amendment
to the rules is to put in the possession of the
whole House information that has hitherto
been confined to the Committee on Appropria-
tions. I ask the previous question on the adop-
tion of the new rule.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the rule was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
after the adoption of this rule he will notify
the heads of the several Departments, so that
their communications may. be made in accord-
ance with the rule adopted.
appropriation bills.
Mr. BLAINE. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Rules to offer also the fol-
lowing amendment to the rules.
Amend Rule 77 by inserting after the word " fail-
ure" in the twelfth line the following:
In all cases where appropriations cannot be made
specific in amount, the maximum to be expended
shall be stated, and each appropriation bill, when
reported from the committee, shall in the conclud-
ing clause state the sum total of all the items con-
tained in said bill.
I ask the previous question upon the adop-
tion of the amendment to the rule.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment to the rules was
agreed to.
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the several amendments to the rules
reported by him were agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
reports of committees.
Mr. BLAINE. I am further instructed by
the Committee on the Rules to report adversely
upon the resolution offered by the honorable
member from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence,] propos-
ing an amendment to the rules.
The resolution is as follows:
Resolved, That it shall be the duty of every com-
mittee to report to the House as early as practicable
every bill and joint resolution referred to such com-
mittee, with the report or recommendation of the
committee thereon; and no committee shall fail or
neglect to make such report unless it shall be ren-
dered impossible for want of time. But nothing
herein shall change the existing rule regulating the
order in which the committees are called for reports
or enlarge the two morning hours allowed to commit-
tees to report.
The resolution was laid on tlje table.
claims against united states government.
Mr. BOUTWELL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution relative to claims
against the Government of the United States;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
leave of absence.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I ask leave of absence
for my colleague, Mr. Washburn, for the re-
mainder of this session.
No objection was made, and the leave of
absence was granted.
mark howard.
Mr. PERHAM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill authorizing the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue to adjust the accounts of
Mark Howard; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means when appointed.
new york custom-house.
Mr. HULBURD. I rise to what I believe
to be a question of privilege. I have a reso-
lution which I think is privileged, and after it
has been read a first and second time I shall
consent that it shall go on the table, if it
should not be the pleasure of the House to
consider it now; but in connection with it I
ask leave of the House to reply to the charges
of a high Federal officer in the city of New
York against the Committee on Public Ex-
penditures of the last Congress. The Speaker
will rule if it be a question of privilege after
the resolution has been read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
JtesoJved, That the Speaker of the House be re-
quested to appoint the Committee o-n Public Expend-
itures, and that said committee, when appointed,
shall take into consideration a report made at the
last session by such committee on the subject of the
New York custom-house, and report what action is
advisable in the premises.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that a
resolution direoting the Speaker to appoint
one of the standing committees of the House
is a question of privilege, and the resolution
is in order and before the House.
Mr. SPALDING. I shall object to the ap-
pointment of any more standing committees
of this House unless all shall be appointed.
The SPEAKER. That will depend upon
the action of the House.
Mr. SPALDING. I know it will; but I
shall object to it,
Mr. HULBURD. At the last session of
Congress theCommittee on Public Expendi-
tures, of which I had the honor to be the
ehairman, were directed by a sub-committee,
not exceeding three in number, to proceed to
investigate alleged abuses and frauds in con-
nection with the Boston and New York custom-
houses. They proceeded to Boston, made
their investigation, and submitted a report
calling for no action. They then proceeded to
examine the New York custom-house with no
intent to do "nor set down aught in malice,"
applying themselves laboriously, patiently,
earnestly, and unweariedly to the discharge
of the duty devolved upon them. And on the
very last ■days ef the last session of the last
