122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is
applicable. This is a committee of the last
•Congress, of which the gentleman from New
York was chairman. His report has been as-
sailed, and he now offers a resolution, to revive
the committee to continue the investigation.
The Chair thinks it is in order for the gentle-
man to give the ground for the proposed ac-
tion.
Mr. HULBURD. Mr. Smythe also states
in his letter, and I wish to call the attention of
the gentleman who objects to it, for I am sure
no member of an American Congress can be
expected to sit in silence when such a charge
is made against a committee of which he is or
was a member, like the following:
"Much of my testimony they forbade their stenog-
rapher to record. Part of what was recorded they
have suppressed. All of it they have distorted."
That is a very grave charge to make against
a committee of Congress. Whether deserved
will be seen. This committee went to New
York to do its duty, having no preconceived
purpose to hunt up proof against the Execu-
tive of the United States or against his officer,
Mr. Smythe. They went there to conduct an in-
vestigation. So far from suppressing the testi-
mony, they gave Mr. Smythe the very broadest
latitude. There is but a semblance, a shadow
of a shade for the allegation that the stenog-
rapher was forbidden to record his testimony
verbatim as he uttered it, and to that I will soon
call attention. Mr. Smythe in New York was in-
vited to come before the eommittee. He made
the fullest statement he chose. Subsequently
he came twice into the committee-room ; he
revised his testimony ; he struck out from his
testimony; he added to it whatever he pleased
without any objection, without any hinderance,
without any limitation in a single particular.
In proof of the manner in which the com-
mittee in that respect treated him and dis-
charged its duty, I send to the Clerk's desk to
be read the statement of the stenographer who
reported Mr. Smythe's testimony.
The Clerk read as follows:
Washington, D. C., MarehU, 1867.
Sir: In reference to a published statement made
by Mr. Henry A. Smythe, collector of the port of New
York, that in the recent investigation held by the
Committee on Publie Expenditures in New York your
stenographer was directed not to record part of his
testimony, &e., I beg to say—having acted in that
capacity—that I received no such directions from the
committee. On the contrary, Ireported Mr Smythe's
testimony verbatim.
You directed me to read Mr. Smythe's evidence for
him when it was written out, and to allow bim to
make any alterations or erasures in it that he wished,
and in accordance with your instructions I made
whatever alterations and erasures in it that Mr.
Smythe suggested.
I am, sir, very respectfully, yours,
JOHN O'LOGHLEN.
Hon. G. T. Hulburd, late Chairman of the Committee
on Public Expenditures.
Mr. HULBURD. It seems to me that dis-
poses of the question, so far as Mr. Smythe's
testimony is concerned, that he was allowed
the fullest liberty. As the reporter handed
over the testimony written out so it went,
without the change, addition, elimination, or
interlineation of word or letter, as far as I
have knowledge or belief, to the Public
Printer.
In reply to some question, he said, on his
first direct examination, that he had always
voted the Democratic ticket. In the revision
of his testimony he directed the stenographer
to strike that out. I did not object to any
emendation or to any alteration he chose to
make. I regret the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Broomall] is ahsent. He con-
ducted this examination of Mr. Smythe. If
he were present he-would verify in every re-
spect the statement of the stenographer. As
1 said, there is a shadow of truth in one par-
ticular, that the stenographer was ordered not
to take down one of his answers. Mr. Smythe
was summoned before the committee a second
time, and came to its committee-room, and
when, among others, the question was put to
him whether he had paid anything to Senators
or their families, he had the flippant imperti-
nence to say, "Yes, sir; I once gave Senator
Patterson's lady forty cents' worth of candy,"
I thought we, if he had not, ought to have some
regard for the office, some regard for this lady,
with whom I have not the honor of a personal
acquaintance, but against whom I have heard
no human being speak. I regarded the answer
unbecoming and disgraceful to use a lady's
name in that pert manner, and I did direct the
reporter not to take it down. I cannot be-
lieve any right-minded man will think I erred.
I desire to submit to the House whether it is
expected of a committee when conducting an
examination to allow frivolous impertinencies
and personalities to be injected into the testi-
mony of witnesses ? I ask whether it is the
duty of the person conducting the examination
to allow such things to take place? I sup-
pressed it. That was the only suppression, to
my recollection, that was made in the commit-
tee-room of Mr. Smythe's testimony. He
charges, it is true, in his letter that we refused
to record his answers in reference to the Exec-
utive of the United States and the questions
we put to him. The letter I had read answers
all that, and I only add there is not a particle
of truth in the statement in that adulatory par-
ticular.
Sir, we had no hostility to the Executive on
account of this appointment. I never heard his
motives impugned for nominating Mr. Smythe.
I never doubted but that he thought the mer-
chants of New York preferred him of all the
candidates suggested for the collectorship.
And in this particular no doubt Mr. Johnson
thought right and did right. The only error
he has committed in this connection has been
that he did not promptly remove him when his
unfitness and unseemly purposes and practices
became known as they did months ago. The
exact figures and proposed distribution of the
general-order business were put in my hands
as far back as last July. But, as I have already
intimated, it was not our mission to hunt up
testimony against the President, and we had no
such desire; and I do marvel when I think of it
how Mr. Smythe, over his own signature, could
allow himself to make such an unfounded state-
ment before the American people.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understood the gen-
tleman from New York to say he suppressed
a portion of his testimony for the reason that
he did not think it was in good taste. I wish
to know how he justifies himself in now spread-
ing it upon the records of the country ?
Mr. HULBURD. He has made a specific
charge against the committee, that we have
suppressed testimony.
Mr. ELDRIDGrE. It was suppressed on
account of the lady, I .suppose, and in her
behalf I inquire why now it is published?
Mr. HULBURD. It was suppressed on
the ground it was impertinent and irrelevant.
When he made the charge of suppression I
deemed it but right that the character or na-
ture of what had been suppressed should be
made known in vindication of the committee.
I will say to the gentleman from Wisconsin, I
hold in my hand thirty pages of Mr. Smythe's
testimony not sent to the printer. I do not
know that it will be. It will not be unless the
House so direct. It is his last examination.
If he alludes to that and wishes this committee
to unfold the nature of that examination, the
nature of his connection with a former stenog-
rapher reporting for thi3 eommittee, I am con-
tent. He was before the committee to give an
account of his negotiations to obtain, and how
he did obtain, copies of testimony taken before
the committee. I am willing the country should
have it and his explanation of the transaction.
Mr. CHANLER. Why does the gentleman
suppress the testimony, then ?
Mr. HULBURD. There are two 01* three
reasons why this was not sent to the printer.
The stenographer says the chairman of the
committee said to Mr. Smythe, on his request,
before sending it to the printer, he should have
an opportunity to revise it; and I have not had
an opportunity of submitting it to him; and
after some experience I have had in letting go
out of hand testimony taken> I have not pro-
posed to send this testimony to New York for
that purpose.
Another reason was this: the transaction
to which it most particularly related, was sur-
reptiously obtaining from the committee's
stenographer copies of testimony, by his own
showing, I regarded most disreputable to an
American gentleman, and, above all, utterly
disgraceful to an officer of the Government,
and as such I had purposed to let it slumber
in the archives of the committee. But I do
not know that I should forbear, and I will state
the substance of it. The House is probably
aware that stenographers are assigned to com-
mittees; they must take whoever is sent them.
With a single exception, the Committee on
Public Expenditures were fortunate in having
faithful, competent reporters sent to them. A
stenographer was sent to us in New York, and
reported for us two or three days.
Before proceeding in this direction further
just now, I must advert to another feature of
the investigation. The committee desired the
testimony of a Mr. Thompson, the early friend
of Mr. Smythe, as his letter says, and, if I mis-
take not, connected at one time with the rebel
Daily News, and I am not sure but a boarder
in Fort La Fayette. The committee were de-
sirous of having Mr. Smythe's friend testify
before them. They sent a special invitation by
the Sergeant-at-Arms to ask his attendance,
but he could not be found. The committee
directed a messenger to watch his house. He
did so for twenty-four hours, but Mr. Thompson
during that time did not enter it. We could
not hear of his whereabouts. The committee
adjourned, making and leaving for him a sub-
pena returnable at afuture day. Within twenty-
four hours after the committee adjourned Mr.
Thompson was on ''change,' and was served
with th-e subpena. To that we are indebted to
the fact that we were enabled to get his testi-
mony.
The stenographer. who reported for the
committee before its adjournment lived in
Brooklyn. After the adjournment of the com-
mittee he wrote out the testimony, and of course
had in possession and control for two weeks or
more the testimony and his original short-hand
notes, and during that period made what use
he pleased of them. When the committee
resumed its session in New York Mr. Smythe
came into the committee-room and asked if he
could see his testimony and have a copy of it.
I told him he could correct his testimony, but
that we could not allow him to take a copy.
Said he, "I can get a copy by paying for it in
spite of the committee." I scorned the im-
putation, and told him I would like to see him
do it. But, sir, the first thing I knew he did
have a copy of certain portions of the testi-
mony.
I first learned the fact here at Washington.
I immediately took steps to procure the attend-
ance of that reporter, who had already been dis-
missed by the stenographer of the House. He
came here, and was asked how this testimony
got out. He answered in these words, written
down and signed by himself, and handed to
me: " Some friend of Mr. Smythe's and mine
advised him of my connection with the com-
mittee, and requested of me certain testimony
which he specified as concerning him." The
reporter said he was willing to make oath to
the truth of this statement if required.
A Member. What is the name of the ste-
nographer ?
Mr. HULBURD. Hemstreet. He stated
that he also received two or three letters from
Mr. Smythe, that he received so much money,
and that he furnished to Mr. Smythe, at his
'request, the testimony of certain individuals.
The committee then sent for Mr. Smythe. W«
did not ask the House to grant a warrant—
as we were assured we might have properly
done—to arrest him. We treated, or intended
to treat him as a gentleman. We asked him,
in the committee-room to state how he came
by the testimony. The testimony which I hold
in my hand is the result of that examination.
I will not take the time of the House to read
