126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
bear upon him in reference to the making of
local appointments in the city of New York,
that is not his fault any more than it is the
fault of the Executive who under direct pres-
sure makes him the collector of the port of
New York.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WOOD obtained the floor.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. McDonald, its Chief Clerk, notifying the
House that that body had passed a concurrent
resolution to amend the nineteenth rule of the
two Houses to prevent the sale or use of liquors
in ttie Capitol building or on the grounds adja-
cent thereto, in -which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed the following bill and joint
resolutions, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
A bill (S. No. 64) to provide for grading the
public grounds, and for other purposes;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 29) to termi-
nate a contract of a member of Congress with
thefost Office Departnaeutofthe UnitedStates;
and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 30) amending
the ninth section of an act to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide for the better se-
curity of the lives of passengers on board ves-
sels propelled in whole or in part by steam, and
for other purposes," approved August 30, 1852.
ADJOURNMENT TILL MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. ALLISON, it was
Ordered, That when the House adjourn to-day it
be to meet on-Monday next.
SURVEYS OF ILLINOIS AND ROCK MYERS.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to
furnish this House with a copy of the report of Gen-
eral J. H. Wilson of surveys of the Illinois and Eock
rivers.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. MILLER asked andobtaiued indefinite
leave of absence for his colleague, Mr. Moor-
head.
Mr. POMEROY asked and obtained leave
of absence for his colleague, Mr. McCarthy,
until Wednesday next.
NATIONAL BUREAU OF INSURANCE.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the creation of a national
bureau of insurance; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
GOVERNMENT ORDNANCE.
Mr. LOGAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion, and submit the following resolution for
consideration at this time:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
of this House be immediately appointed, and arc
hereby authorized to sit during the recess, for the
purpose of inquiring into the manner of procuring
heavy ordnance for the United States service, the
disbursements relating thereto, as well as the quality
of the Titled, and smooth-bore guns heretofore intro-
duced and hereafter to be introduced into the said
service. The committee shall have power to send
for persons and papers, and to employ a clerk, who
shall receive the same compensation as heretofore
allowed. And the Secretary of War is directed to
cause experiments to be made, and to supply from
stores on hand, the property of the Government, such
ordnance as may be required by the committee for
operations necessary for the determination of the
questions before the committee; as well as to detail
officers and enlisted men, such as may bo found
necessary. And the committee shall report by bill
or otherwise whenever they deem such action expe-
dient. .
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to this resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is in the
nature of a privileged question, relating, as the
first part of it does, to the organization of the
House by the appointment of one'of its stand-
ing committees, and instructing it as to its
duties. But the Chair would suggest to the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] that the
latter part of his resolution directing the Sec-
retary of War to make ecrtain disposition of
the property of the Government will not be
operative unless put in the form of a joint reso-
lution.
Mr. LOGAN. I will modify the resolution
so as to request the Secretary of War to do so
and so ; and I will explain in a few words my
reasons for offering this resolution. I do not
know that I am better acquainted than are
other members of this House with the manner
of purchasing ordnance ; but I have examined
the subject until I know something of it and
of the expenses to the Government. I had an
opportunity for some years at one time to know
something about the cost of ordnance in this
country. If members of this House will take
the trouble to ascertain the amount of money
that has been appropriated for ordnance that
is and always has been of no service to the
Government, and for the purchase of ammu-
nition to be used for guns which have never
been used, they will see the necessity of placing
this subject of ordnance in charge of some
committee of this House, that they may, from
time to time, make such reports as will require
the House to take some action in reference to
this question.
I do not desire to take up the time of the
House by going into details. I merely ask
that the Committee on Military Affairs, the
appropriate committee to examine the subject,
be charged as a part of their duty with the in-
vestigation of the ordnance department, mak-
ing such examinations and experiments as the
interests of the public service demand. It cer-
tainly seems to me that there can be no reason-
able objection to this proposition. Were this
the proper time to enter into a discussion of
the subject, I could exhibit evidences of ex-
penditures in this branch of the service so
entirely contrary to sound judgment and a
proper economy that they would.surprise gen-
tlemen of this House. The expenditures in
connection with the ordnance of the country
have never been revised or examined by any
of the committees of this House. I hope that
the resolution which I present will be adopted.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] that the
Government has its proper officers for just the
sort of duties he has suggested ; and it seems
to me that those officers are much better qual-
ified (although I wish to make no imputation
upon the ability of the Committee on Military
Affairs) to perform this duty than are members
of Congress.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, it is true that
the Government has its officers to examine
this matter of ordnance ; it has its officers for
the purpose of making purcliasesand contracts;
but the action of those officers is not subject to
the revision of Congress through any commit-
tee. It is for the purpose of making a change
in this respect that I offer this resolution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It is for that very reason
that I object.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, sir, I am interested in
the Government having ordnance of the best
quality at the lowest cost. If the gentleman
from Wisconsin is interested differently I can-
not help it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Not at all; but I have
quite as much confidence in the officers of the
Government having charge of this subject as I
have in members of Congress. . And further
than that, Mr. Speaker, I do not wish to have
this Congress made perpetual, either by its
committees or otherwise.
Mr. LOGAN. I yield to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.]
Mr. SCHENCIv. Mr. Speaker, I entirely
agree with the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] in regard to the propriety of the gen-
eral object which he has in view, though I am
not certain that he proposes the best way of
accomplishing It when he moves the reference
of this subject to the Committee on Military
Affairs, now to be appointed for this special
purpose. I have prepared, andforseveraldays
have been seeking an opportunity to introduce,
a resolution providing for the appointment of
a select committee on ordnance, to which this
whole subject may be referred. I shall, how-
ever, cheerfully sustain anything looking to
the accomplishment of the object which the
gentleman, in common with myself, has in view.
Let me say, for the information of the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge,] that
one of the difficulties at present existing is pre-
cisely this: the great guns of the United Sta es
ar.e now manufactured under patents issued to
Army men and ordnance men, to whom a
royalty is paid for the use of those patents.
The projectiles which are purchased by the
Government in large .quantities, and in some
cases at least not used, are the invention of
men connected with the ordnance department.
In the Navy, there is a very distinguished offi-
cer who is the inventor of great guns used in
that Department of the Government. While
this wrong exists, no mechanic, no inventor,
can obtain a fair trial, by experiment or by in-
troduction into the service, for anything that
does not receive the approval of the charmed
circle controlling this whole matter. The con-
sequence has been the expenditure of millions
and millions of dollars without any adequate
return. The consequence has been the manu-
facture of guns which, though they stood that
slow process of firing which is the only test to
which they were subjected in target practice,
burst by the dozen when they were used in
battle, either for hammering down Fort Sum-
ter or for an attack upon Fort Fisher.
The fact is that more guns were lost, or
rather more men were killed, upon our own
side by the bursting of our own guns at the
bombardment of Fort Fisher thau were injured
on the part of the enemy we attacked with
these guns.
However, I do not wish to go into the merits
of this matter. Whatever course Congress
may take in regard to the matter there is a
crying evil here which should be brought under
the supervision of the law-making power and
corrected, if we wish to save any of this vast
expenditure to the Government.
Without taking up farther time, I will say
that I had intended proposing a joint standing
committee of both Houses. Perhaps the gen-
tleman's object might be accomplished in that
way. I am certain something ought to be done.
I will propose this as an amendment to the gen-
tleman's resolution, if he will allow it.
Mr. LOGAN. I will hear it.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the follow-
in!; be added to the joint rules of the two Houses,
namely:
Rule —. There shall be appointed a joint commit-
tee on ordnance, to consist of three members of the
Senate and three members of the House, to whom
shall be referred all matters in relation to ordnance
and ordnance stores which shall come in question
and be referred to them by either House; and also
to inquire into the expenditures of the ordnance bu-
reaus of the War and Navy Departments, and to
report from time to time such measures in reference
to those subjects as to the said committee may seem
advisable.
Mr. LOGAN. I cannot accept the amend-
ment. :
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand the gentle-
man is apprehensive if he makes it a concur-
rent resolution the Senate will not agree to it.
If he_ insists on the Committee on Military
Affairs we can authorize the Speaker to leave
a vacancy or two on that committee, to be
filled when the Representatives come from the
other States.
The SPEAKER. No Speaker has ever yet
learned, that the Chair is aware of, how to
make fragmentary committees. If he is or-
dered to appoint a committee he will do so,
and the House can add other members here-
after if they should see fit.
Mr. BLAINE. I wish to make a single sug-
gestion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state his
reason, as the gentleman from Ohio seems to
dissent. If he leaves the second place on the
Military Committee vacant, and the gentleman
whom he cxpects and desires to see elected is
not elected, the gentleman who shall be elected
would claim that place. The Chair does not
