128
TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
LAND WARRANT mJHBER 4631S;
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to authorize the issue of a patent
on land warrant No. 46818, for one hundred
and sixty acres, under the act of 1847 ; -vthich
was read a first and second time, and ordered
to be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands when appointed,
GOYERKMBST ORDNANCE.
Mr. BANKS. I rise to a question of privi-
lege, and submit the following resolution, upon
which 1 call the previous question :
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
of this House bo temporarily appointed, and are
hereby authorized to sit during the recess, for the pur-
pose of inquiring into the mannerof procuring heavy
ordnance for the United States service, the disburse-
ments relating thereto, as well as the quality of the
rifled and smooth bore guns heretofore introduced
and hereafter to bo introduced into the said service.
The committee shall have power to send for persons
and papers, and to employ a elerk, who shall receive
the same compensation as heretofore allowed. And
the Secretary of War is requested to cause experi-
ments to bemade,and to supplyfrom stores on hand,
the property of the Government, such ordnance as
may be required by the eoramittee for operations ne-
cessary for the determination of the questions before
the committee, as well as todetailofficers and enlisted
men such as may be found necessary. And the com-
mittee shall report by bill or otherwise whenever
they deem suoh action expedient.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Baxes} will modify his
resolution so as to provide for the appointment
of a select committee.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to the resolution.
The SPEAKER. It is a privileged question,
as the Chair ruled on a former occasion.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it not in effect providing
for the appointment of a select committee?
The SPEAKER. It provides for the ap-
pointment of one of the standing committees
of this House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is not this in effect the
same resolution which the House voted down
a few minutes since?
The SPEAKER. The other resolution was
for the permanent appointment of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs j this provides for its
temporary appointment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes 57, noes 50.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. PILE called for the jreas and nays on
the motion to lay the resolution on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would inquire of the
Chair, if the motion to lay on the table should
not prevail, whether it would then be in order
to move to amend the resolution so as to pro-
vide for the appointment of a select committee ?
The SPEAKER. That motion would then
be in order.
The question was taken \ and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 63, nays 56, not voting
42 5 as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Barnes, Benjamin, Bingham,
Blaine, Blair, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Chanler,
Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Coburn, Cornell,
Driggs, Eldridg'e, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Getz,
Hoi man, Chester D. Hubbard, Iluiburd, Humphrey,
Julian, Kerr, Kitchen, Koontz, Marshall, Marvin,
Miller, Moorhead, Morgan, Morrissey, Mungen,
JN'ewcomb, Niblack, Nicholson, Noeil, Orth, Per-
ham, Peters, Phelps. Poland, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Rnn-
dall, Robertson, Scoficld, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spald-
ing, Stone, Tabcr, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas, Van Au-
ken, Van Tromp, Henry D. Washburn, Stephen F.
Wilson, Windom, Wood, and Woodbridge—63.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, James
- M. Ashley, Baker, Banks, Beaman, Boutwell, Brom-
well, Buekland, Butler, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook,
Covode, Cullom, Dodge, Donnelly, Eckley, Eggles-
ton, Fields, Finney, Gravely, Halsey, Hooper, Hop-
kins, Hunter, Ingersoll, Judd, Kelley, Ketcham,
Lafiin, William Lawrence, Loan, Logan, McCiurg,
Moore, Mvcrs, Paine, Pile, Polsley. Raum, Schenck,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Twitchell, Upson, Van Aer-
nam, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyck, Cadwaladcr
C. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams, William
Williams, James F, Wilson, and John T. Wilson—56.
NOT VOTING—Messrs, Archer, Stelos R. Ashley,
Baldwin, Broomall, Cake, Dawes, Denison, Eliot,
Fox, Garfield, Glossbreimer, Griswold, Haight, Ham-
ilton, Harding, Hayes, Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Kelsey, George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Loughridge,
Lynch, Malloiy, McCarthy, McCullough, Mercur,
Morrell, O'Neill, Pike, Plants, Price,' Robinson, Ross,
Sawyer, Selye, Stevens, Stewart, Trowbridge, BuTt
Van Horn, Ward, and William B. Washburn—42.
So the resolution tors laid on the table.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was laid on the
table; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RICHARD C. YAUGHAN.
Mr. NOELL asked and obtained leave for
the withdrawal from the files of the House of
the papers in the case of Richard C. Vaughatf.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. MYERS. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce and have referred a bill to provide
for the adjustment and satisfaction of claims
of American citizens for spoliation committed
by the French prior to the 31st of July, 1801.
Mr. SPALDING and others objected.
CAPTURED COIN AND BULLION.
Mr. YAN WYCK, from the joint seleet Com-
mittee on Retrenchment, to which had been
referred a resolution directing an inquiry to be
made as to the proper disposition to be made
of certain coin and bullion now on special de-
posit in the United States Treasury, submitted
a report in writing, accompanied by a joint res-
olution, to cover in the Treasury certain coin
and bullion.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
provides that the one hundred thousand dol-
lars or thereabouts, in coin and bullion, now
on special deposit in the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States, shall be sold by the Treasurer of the
United States, and the money derived there-
from covered in the Treasury 5 and that the
claimants thereto, the Richmond banks, may
contest their right to the same in the Court of
Claims.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I call the previous ques-
tion on the joint resolution.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask for the read-
ing of the report.
The report was as follows :
The joint sclect Committee on Retrenchment, to
which wa§ referred the claim of the Richmond banks
to certain coin and bullion now on deposit in the
United States Treasury, make the following report:
On the 14th of Marcbr, 1865, the Legislature of Vir-
ginia passed an act authorizing a loan to the Com-
monwealth of $300,000 in gold and silver coin by the
several banks, and the application thereof to the use
of the army of northern Virginia, authorizing the
auditor "to pay over the same, on the footing of
a loan to the confederate States, either to tho secre-
tary of war or to tho general-in-chief of theconfeder-
ate army, as the Governor may d-eem most expedient,
to h® used exclusively for the purpose of procuring
subsistence for the army of northern Virginia;"
directing the Governor "to obtain from the confeder-
ate authorities the best securities they may have it
in their power to offer." # Accordingly seven banks
furnished $300,000, receiving State bonds as security
therefor; $100,000 is now in the Treasury of the United
States, and is the subject of this report. The money
was deposited by the State to its credit in three
banks, then public depositories, as follows: Bank of
Virginia. §108.000; Farmers' Bank, $112,000; Ex-
change Bank, $80,000. The secretary of the confed-
erate treasury caused to be delivered to the Governor
of the State the following order:
Treasury Department C. S. A„
Richmond, March 28,1865.
Sir : The State of Virginia has advanced $300,000
in coin to the Government for the use of the com-
missary department, and agrees to receive in abso-
lute payment for the same cotton at the rateof fifteen
cents per pound. You are hereby authorized to give
an order to the fiscal officer of the State for two mil-
lion pounds of cotton in payment of the same, &e.
G. A. TRENHOLM,
Secretary of the Treasury,
A. Roaxe, Esq., Chief Produce Loan Bureau,.
Captain Strother, of the confederate army, had
authority to receive the S300,000« Just before the
evacuation of Richmond he did receive $271,000, the
banks retaining $29,000. He disbursed $25,000 at
Richmond, leaving $246,000, of which $54,000 were in
checks drawn by the Bank of Virginia and the Ex-
change Bank on their branches at Lynchburg. Cap-
tain Strother left Richmond on the 2d of April,
1865, with this sum of $216,000 under his control, in
company with officers of the banks, who had in charge
between two and three hundred thousand dollars
in coin belonging to the banks, each party in control
of its own funds.
At Danville, on the 8th of April, Captain Strother
agreed with the officers of the banks that in the event
of his being cut off from General Lee's army he would
restore the remainder of the funds to them, to be
credited on the bonds of the State which the banks
then held. They then proceeded to Washington,
Georgia. Captain Strother on the 21st ot April. 1865,
had remaining $223,929, which he paid to the bank
officers, taking a receipt for the same, stating that*
the same should be credited on the bonds, "provided
tho said coin and specie checks shall be delivered in
Richmond." There was no statuteautbority author-
izing this payment by Captain Strother. The bank
officers canceled and destroyed the checks, and held
the remainder of the fund, together with their own
coin.
In May, 1865, th ©banks of Richmond obtained aper-
 it from General Patrick to bring back their effects
from Georgia, and started with the coin, about four
hundred and fifty thousand dollars. Of this $170,000
was of the fund received from Captain Strother.
About eighteen miles from Washington they were
robbed by confederate soldiers disguised in Federal
uniforms of $250,000 in coin. Of this $105,00U belonged
to the Bank of Virginia; $145,0,0 had belonged to the
Strother fund. The day after the robbers restored
to the bank officers §111,000. Of this one bag of $9,000
was identified as the property of the bank; the re-
mainder oould not be so identified. Alter paying
expenses the fund recovered amounted to about one
hundred thousand dollars—subsequently delivered to
General Steedman at Augusta, and now on special
deposit in the United States Treasury.
This matter hasbeen several times argued by attor-
ney for claimants and Government before tho Secre-
tary of the Treasury andPresident. The above facts
are those agreed upon at the last argument.
The bad faith commenced by Captain Strother was
continued by the banks. At one time the petition
stated " that there existed no contract or dealings
between the banks and the confederate government
by which it was entitled or had any interest in ono
dollar of the money in question." The officers of the
banks verified by their oath this statement, yet its
erroris apparent from their own subsequently admit-
ted facts. They also furnished affidavits from the
officers of the confederate treasury department that
the coin had not been under their control. From
these allegations the Solicitor of the United States
Treasury then said: " As to any interest of the con-
federate government in the coin, the only reason for
supposing any such ever existed appears to be the
fact that the coin was removed from Richmond
simultaneously with the departure of tho rebel au-
thorities therefrom; but this was certainly in no
way inconsistent with the private ownership asserted.
The latter is direetly and positively asserted by the
sworn statement of the officers of the banks applying,
and the former is negatived so far as it well could be
by the statement of a person in the employ of the
rebel treasury department." The President of tho
United States then issued an orderfortherestoration
of the coin to tho banks on certain conditions, which,
in the judgment of the Treasurer, were not complied
with.
Certain United States officers were still suspicious,
and satisfied that the coin had belonged to the con-
federate government, when it was at last discovered
that the negotiation had been carried on with thecon-
federato war instead of treasury department.
The concealment and duplicity on 4the part of the
banks show the character of their claims.
There can be no dispute that the banks loaned the
State of Virginia $300,000 in coin, expressly to be ad-
vanced to tho rebel government. The banks received
State bonds as security, and the State received a eon-
federate order for two million pounds of cotton in
payment. The contractwas complete in law. From
that moment the coin became forfeited to the United
States Government.
Before the 21st of April, to wit, on the 9th, Lee had
surrendered. On the 18th, Johnson had commenced
negotiating for surrender; the chief of the confeder-
acy was disguised and in flight; the headquarters of
the rebellion, with all its hopes and treasure, wore in
an army wagon hastening to get beyond the Missis-
sippi. It is idle to pretend that Captain Strother had
the shadow of right to act as administrator of the
effects of tho dead confederacy and defraud this Gov-
ernment of its legal spoilsof war. Alter the surren-
der of Lee all the property of the confederacy by that
act passed to the control of the United States Gov-
ernment.
Strother had no more right to give to the Rich-
mond banks $223,929 than he had to give them two
hundred and twenty-three thousand muskets had
they been in his possession. It was a fraud upon this
Government. The agents of the banks were parti-
cipe9 criminin, and the banks should not receive any
benefit therefrom, no matter what became of the
property afterward. It was a conversion for the
full amount at the time they took it.
The coin taken from Strother, with their own, was
safely deposited in Washington, Georgia, by the
banks' agents. They had no right to attempt its
removal to Richmond, and therefore becamc lia-
ble to the Government for the amount, no matter
how lost. It would be an easy matter to nave a rob-
bery by concert. The robbers took $145,000 of the
Strother fund and $105,000 of the bank money. How
did the robbers get a knowledge of the facts, and by
what reason did they return $111,000, a few thousand
more than the bank fund stolen? Had the banks
succeeded in putting in their vaults at Richmond the
$223,929, would they not have been clearly responsi-
ble to the United States in that sum? They have no
claim to the $100,000 now oil deposit in the United
States Treasury, but should be held iiabl^ for the
$29,000 retained by the banksfrom the$300f000, for the
checks they destroyed of $54,000, the actual amount
of coin they saved of the Strother fund, $25,000, and
the balance taken by the robbers and not restored.
The banks owned no bullion. No part of the
$300,000 loaned to the confederate government was
in bullion; yet a part or the $100,000 are fifty-seven
