132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
resolution. I have modified it so as to leave
out that part about bringing articles of impeach-
ment, and so that it will read:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Expendi-
tures of this House be instructed to inquire into the
conduct of Ilenry A. S my the, collector of the port of
New York, in connection with the administration of
his said office and in connection with his proceedings
as a witness before the Committee on Public Expend-
itures of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, &c.
Mr. COVODE. I suggest to the gentleman
whether he had not better strike out the latter
clause of that resolution, which provides that
the committee may sit during the recess of
Congress. I -would ask the gentleman whether
the committee have not already sufficient testi-
mony, or whether they cannot obtain enough in
five or ten days, without letting this matter run
in the summer months?
Mr. SCHENCK. The testimony will ex-
pand if we have hot weather. [Laughter.]
Mr. IIULBURD. There will be no end to
the investigation if the House expects the com-
mittee to hear all the testimony that may be
offered on both sides. My own idea is, although
I speak in the absence of my colleague on the
committee, [Mr. Broomall,] that the com-
mittee can dispose of this matter next week,
and I suggest to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schejtck] that he amend his resolution so as
to authorize the committee to report at any
time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am a very accommo-
dating man, and as I see no objection to that
suggestion, I will accede to it, and I modify
the resolution accordingly.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent to authorize a committee to report at
any time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I trust there "will be no
objection.
No objection was made.
I now demand the previous question on the
resolution.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the resolution, as modified,
was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. ALLISON, (at
four o'clock and ten minutes p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
petitions, eto.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
tbo rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By the SPBAlvEIl: Thepctitionof James S. Todd,
of Bertie county, North Carolina, indorsed by 43
loyal citizens of said county, praying for a pension.
£y Mr. CHANLER: The memorial of James
Thompson, for relief.
By Mr. DONNELLY: Tho memorial of a conven-
tion of citizens of tho United States, favorable to the
improvement of the navigation of the Mississippi
river, held in St. Louis, Missouri, February 13,1867,
together with a resolution of the Board of Trade of
the city of Hastings, Minnesota, in favor of tho said
memorial.
By Mr. SCO FIELD: A petition from citizens of
Cameron county, Pennsylvania, asking the repeal
of the actwhich prohibits the Secretary of theTreas-
ury from funding the legal-tender notes at a greater
rate than Si,000,000 per month.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, March 10, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D, D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of cit-
izens of Kansas, praying for the establishment
of a mail route from Wamego to Council Grove
in that State; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. WILSON presented a memorial of
Charles C. Robertson, late lieutenant in the
one hundred and eighty-sixth regiment New
York volunteers, praying to be allowed the
pay of second lieutenant while actually serving
in that capacity; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
He also presented the memorial of J. G. Big-
elow, praying compensation for services ren-
dered as captain in the third United States
volunteers or eightieth United States colored
infantry, from the 6th of April, 1863, to the
23d of September, 1863; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HOWE presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, in favor of the im-
provement of the navigation of the Mississippi
and the Wisconsin and Fox rivers and Rock
river; which were referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, in favor of an appropria-
tion to aid in the construction of the Northern
Pacific railway; which were referred to the
Committee on the Northern Pacific Railroad.
Mr. YATES presented a memorial of the
Hannibal and St. Joseph, Toledo, and Wabash,
and the Chicago, Burlington, and Quincy
railroad companies, expressive of the views
of those companies as to the proper manner
of constructing bridges across the Mississippi
river; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. FOWLER presented a memorial of
citizens of Tennessee, praying the appoint-
ment of a commission to make a geological
and mineralogical survey in the States of Ten-
nessee, North Carolina, Georgia, and Ala-
bama ; which was referred to the Committee
on Mines and Mining.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. WILLEY, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Francis J. Brooke,
praying for compensation lor supplies furnished to
the United StatesArmyin Virginia in 1862 bo taken
from the files and referred to tho Committee oil
Claims.
On motion by Mr. WILLIAMS, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of theexecutive board
of the National Theological Institute be taken from
the files, and with additional papers now presented,
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
On motion by Mr. WILLIAMS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Mrs. Margaret A.
Russell be taken from the files of tho Senate and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Louisa Baird be
taken from the files and referred to the Committee
on Claims.
On motion- of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Michael Blessing bo
taken from the files of the Senate and referred to the
Court of Claims.
On motion of Mr. HOWARD, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John Walters be
token from the files and referred to the Committee
on Claims.
reports of committees.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 39) .to provide means for the prosecution
of the work on the distributing reservoir of
the Washington aqueduct, reported it without
amendment.
bill introduced.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 34) relative to the hold-
ing of courts in the southern district of New
York ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
treasury printing bureau.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance to report a concurrent
resolution; and I ask for immediate action
upon it.
The resolution was read, as follows :
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That the joint Committee on Re-
trenchment be, and are hereby, instructed to make
a careful and minute examination of the method
adopted by the Treasury Department to print the
bonds, notes, and securities of the United States,
what guards have been adopted to prevent fraud or
mistake, and what additional guards, if any, ought
to be adopted to prevent fraud or mistake; whether
there has been any fraudulent or erroneous issue of
bonds, notes, or coupons, and if so, by whose fault
or negligence, and the proper remedy and prevention
thereof: and especially to examine tho official con-
duct of those charged with the printing, registration,
and issuing of any notes, bonds, or securities of the
United States; and that said committee have power
to sit during the recess of Congress, to send for per-
sons and papers, to examine the same, and to take
testimony, and report at the next session of Con-
gress.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Fi-
nance thought it was better to make this a
formal investigation, with a view to preventing
the multitude of investigations proposed by
the two Houses. On the motion of my friend
from Missouri [Mr. Henderson] the Senate
has ordered a committee to be appointed to
make such an examination, and a proposition
is also pending in the other House to appoint
a House committee for the same purpose. We
thought it better to refer the whole matter to
the joint Committee on Retrenchment, which
has already partially examined the subject. It
is due to the public, and it is due to the Treas-
ury Department, and it is due to the law-
making power that this matter be catefully
and thoroughly examined. The Treasury De-
partment, 1 may say, desire an examination.
They have themselves instituted a most rigid
and careful examination of tho whole matter ;
and they find no fraud and no real mistakes
that are not easily explained. But for the pur-
pose of satisfying the public mind and of satis-
fying Congress it is deemed proper to institute
a careful examination of the whole matter. I
have, therefore, made the language as full and
broad as possible, and I hope the resolution
will be adopted, and that this examination will
be entered into rigorously.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the chairman of
the Committee on Finance if this has not been
examined once or twice at every session of
Congress since we have had this Printing Bu-
reau? Certainly I can recollect three exam-
inations.
Mr. SHERMAN. That has been by select
committees; but we want now to make an ex-
amination, if possible, that will end the matter.
This resolution provides for a complete and full
investigation. It is proposed with the consent
of the Treasury Department. They desire an
examination, and both Houses seem to desire
one. The public mind is excited about it. I
see in the newspapers every once in a while
paragraphs stating that hundreds of thousands,
or sometimes hundreds of millions of bonds
are overissued beyond the extent author-
ized by law. Many of these statements are
made for gambling purposes, merely to excite
the public mind and affect the market. It is
due to the Department to say that on all the
careful examinations they have made they have
found no cases of fraud, but have found some
cases of erroneous numbering of coupons. At
any rate to satisfy the public mind it is proper
that there should be a fair and full investiga-
tion by a joint committee of the two Houses,
to report at the next session.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not object to the
investigation, but I hope, with the Senator
from Ohio, that it will be full and complete. It
seems to me there ought to be some time or
other when a public officer, after having gone
through examination after examination, shall
be presumed to have done his duty.
Mr. SHERMAN. Both Houses scorn to
desire to make an examination in this case.
The Senate the other day, by a unanimous
vote, ordered a special committee for this very
purpose, and the other House are proposing to
do the same thing. Now, we propose a formal
and careful examination by a joint committee,
with power to send for persons and papers and
take depositions and examine fully.
Mr. GRIMES. I think such an examination
as this ought to be made annually. I think,
no matter how many examinations have been
made in the past, the rule that is proposed by
the Senator from Ohio that the Committee on
Retrenchment, which we have made a standing
committee of the two Houses, shall annnally
examine into all the transactions of this Print-
ing Bureau, is very proper. It is the most im-
