is
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13B
portant bureau in connection with the Govern-
ment, and it cannot be too carefully guarded
or too closely watched.
The resolution was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agreed to.
abatement of duties on damaged goods.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce have directed me to report a bill, which
it is deemed important by the Treasury Depart-
ment should be promptly acted on, and I there-
fore ask that it be considered now.
The bill (S. No. 76) providing for the abate-
ment of duties on merchandise damaged on the
voyage of importation was read the first time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce what
the difficulty with the law now is, and what
this bill proposes to do?
Mr. CHANDLER. I send to the desk and
ask to have read a letter from the Secretary
of the Treasury, which explains it. There has
been a decision of the Supreme Court, in con-
sequence of which this legislation is necessary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
rot in the chair.) Is there objection to the
present consideration of the bill ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Before 1 decide whether
I object or not I want to know what is pro-
posed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The letter
sent to the desk by the Senator from Mich-
igan will be read if there be no objection.
The Secretary read as follows:
Teeasury Department, March 14,1867.
Sir : It has been recently decided by the Supreme
Court of the United States, in the ease of Shelton
et a I. vs. Arthur W. Austin, late collector of cus-
toms at Boston, that the twenty-first section of the
act of 1st March, 1823, in connection with the pro-
viso of the second section of the act of 3d March,
1857, prohibits the allowance of a reduction of duties
on account of damage occurring on the voyage of
importation, unless it is claimed before the goods are
entered, and unless the entry is made by appraise-
ment and not upon invoices.
The practice has been hitherto, in accordance with
the fifty-second section of the act of 2d March, 1799,
to admit of allowance for damage when proof thereof
has been lodged in the custom-house within ten days
after the landing of the merchandise in question,
even though it may have been first completely en-
tered.
In conforming the practice of this Department to
the law as thub established much embarrassment will
be experienced both by the Department and by the
importers.
1 therefore beg to submit herewith, in the form of
a bill, such provisionsrelating to the subject of dam-
age as commend themselves to the judgment of the
Department.
These sections foim a part of the revenue code
already submitted to Congress, but, are brought to
your notice thus, in a different form, because of the
necessity that has arisen to settle the policy to be
puisued in the future.
X am, sir, very respectfully,
h. Mcculloch,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon.Z. Chandler, Chairman Committee on Commerce,
Senate.
The bill was read at length.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I apprehend
that bill changes the existing law materially,
and 1 ask that the bill may be printed and post-
poned until Monday.
* The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made to the present consideration of the
bill, it lies over under the rule. It will be
printed, as a matter of course.
courts in nebraska.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 61) to provide for a dis-
trict and a circuit court of the United States
for the district of Nebraska, and for other pur-
poses, to report it back with sundry amend-
ments, and recommend its passage. I ask for
its present consideration. It is necessary for
the prosecution of justice in that new State
that the bill should pass at this session, and I
presume there will be no objection whatever
to it.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are
various amendments proposed bythe Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, ana perhaps it will facil-
itate matters to have the bill read as it will
stand if amended. No objection being made,
that course will bo pursued.
The Secretary read the bill as proposed to
be amended, as follows:
_ Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the State of Nebraska shall hereafter con-
stitute one judicial district, and be called the district
of Nebraska; and for said district a district judge, a
marshal, and a district attorney of the United States
shall be appointed.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said dis-
trict of Nebraska shall be attached to and constitute
a part of the eighth judicial circuit; and a term of the
circuit court and district court of the United States
for said district shall be held in the city of Omaha,
in the State of Nebraska, on the first Monday of
May and on the first Monday of November in each
year.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That tho circuit
and district courts of the United States for the dis-
trict of N ebraska, and tho j udges thereof respectively,
shall possess tho same powers and jurisdiction and
perform the same duties possessed and performed by
other circuit and district courts and judges of the
United States, and shall be governed by the same
laws and regulations.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the district
judge appointed for tho district of Nebraska shall
receive as his compensation tho sum of ยง3,500 a year,
payable in four equal installments, on the first days
of January, April, July, and October of each year.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That the marshal
and district attorney of the United States for the said
district of Nebraska shall severally possess the pow-
ers and perform the duties lawfully possessed and
performed by similar officers in other districts of the
united States, and shall for the services they perform
receive the fees and compensation allowed by tho
act entitled "An act to regulate the fees and costs to
be allowed clerks, mai'shals, and attorneys of the cir-
cuit and district courts of the United States, and for
other purposes," approved February 26,1853.
Sec. C. And be it further enacted, That all cases of
appeal or writ of error heretofore prosecuted, and
now pending in the Supreme Court of the United
States, upon any record from the supreme court of
the Territory of Nebraska may bo heard and deter-
mined by the Supremo Court of tho United States,
and the mandate of execution or of further proceed-
ings shall be directed by tho Supreme Court of the
United States to tho ciicuit or district court of the
United States for the district of Nebraska, or to the
supreme court of tho State of Nebraska, as the na-
ture of said appeal or writ of error may require; and
each of theso courts shall bo the successor of the
supreme court of Nebraska Territory as to a.U such
cases, with full power to hear and determine the
same, and to award mesne or final process thereon.
And from all judgments and decrees of the supremo
court of the Torritory of Nebraska, prior to its ad-
mission as a State, the parties to said judgments and
decrees shall have the same right to prosecute appeals
and writs of error to the Federal courts as they had
under the laws of the United States prior to the ad-
mission of said State of Ncbiaska into the Union.
Si:c. 7. And be it f urther enacted, That, until ajudgc
for said district shall bo duly appointed, the district
judge of tho United States for the district of Iowa
shall act as tho district judge for Nebraska, and shall
have and exercise the same jurisdiction and powers
in tho district hereby created as ho has in the district
of Iowa.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the first
section which now reads " and for said district
a district judge, a marshal, and a district attor-
ney shall be appointed," by adding "bytlie
President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate." I suppose that will be the
construction of it; but perhaps it is better to
say so.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading ; and was read the third time, and
passed.
oregon and washington wak claims.
Mr. HOWARD. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred a joint resolution (S. R. No. 22) declar-
ing the meaning of the second section of the
act of the 2d of March, 1861_, relative to prop-
erty lost in the military service, have had the
same under consideration, and directed me to
report it back with an amendment, accompanied
by a very brief written repoH. I ask tho con-
sent of the Senate to take up the joint resolu-
tion and pass it now. It will occasion no dis-
cussion. It is merely to give a construction to
an existing act of Congress.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to construe the second Section of
the act of March 2, 1861, entitled '' An act to
"provide for the payment of expenses incurred
by the Territories of Washington and Oregon
in the suppression of Indian hostilities therein
in the years 1855 and 1850," so that whenever
any claimant for property lost shall comply with
all the terms and conditions of the act of March
3,. 1849, on the subject of property lost in the
military service, he shall be paid the amount
of the award which was made by the commis-
sioners who audited such claims, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
The amendment was to strike out " award
in his, her, or their favor which was made by
the commissioners who audited such claims,"
and in lieu thereof to insert "judgments in his,
her, or their favor entered by the Third Aud-
itor, and certified by him, as required by the
last named act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, and the amendment was concurred in.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
oaptuked coin and bulmon.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am instructed "by the
Committee on Finance to report back the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 10) in relation to certain
coin and bullion on special deposit in the Treas-
ury. The Finance Committee have taken no
action on it, as it is a resolution that was con-
sidered by the joint Committee on Retrench-
ment, and by the instruction of that committee
was reported to the other House. After being
passed there it was brought to the Senate and
inadvertently sent to the Committee on Finance.
I ask tho Senate to proceed to its consideration,
as it is important that action should be had on
it at this time. I find that it is necessary that
I should propose an amendment, which will
make it necessary to send the resolution back
to the House of Representatives.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that the one hundred thousand
dollars, or thereabout, in coin and bullion,
now on special deposit in the Treasury of the
United States, be paid into the Treasury.
Mr. WILLIAMS. There is a report of the
Committee on Retrenchment accompanying
this resolution. Certain banks in the State of
Virginia claim $100,000 now on special de-
posit in the Treasury of the United States, and
the President lias made an order that the
money be paid to those banks on their com-
plying with certain terms and conditions. The
subject was referred to tho joint Committee
on Retrenchment, who have considered it and
examined all the evidence bearing upon the
question, and it is the opinion of that, commit-
tee that this money should be paid into the
Treasury of the United States; and that if
those banks have any claims to it they should
prosecute their claims before the Court of
Claims.
Mr. JOHNSON. Can they do that?
Mr. WILLIAMS. This resolution does not
now give the Court of Claims jurisdiction; but
as reported from the committee it did provide
that anybody claiming the money might prose-
cute a claim to it before that court; but that
portion of the joint resolution was stricken out
in the House of Representatives, so that as it
now stands it simply provides that this money
shall be paid into the Treasury. T suppose
under the general law if these banks have a
claim against the United States for $100,000
in money, and the United States is holding
that amount of money belonging to them, they
can prosecute the United States before the
Court of Claims.
Mr. HENDERSON. I would ask the Sen-
ator if this is the money that was captured with
Jefferson Davis.-
Mr. WILLIAMS. This is the money that
was captured about that time. It was under-
stood-to be the money with that party.
Mr. HENDERSON. According to my rec-
ollection of the terms of the law defining the
