134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MarcV16,
jurisdiction of the Court of Claims, if it is the
purpose of the committee to open the door
for the prosecution of suits for the recovery
of the money it will have to be done expressly
by this resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is my impression.
I hope at any rate it will be postponed. I de-
sire to look mto it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend the
resolution by inserting after " United States''
in line five the words "after said bullion is
converted under the authority of the Treasurer
into coin."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Maryland moves that the further con-
sideration of the joint resolution be postponed
until to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before that question is
put, I desire to say a word. It is important,
not only for the government of the President,
but for the government of the Treasurer, that
this question should be settled. This money
was placed as a special deposit in the Treas-
ury of the United States. Jn my opinion the
President has no right to order the money out
of the Treasury ; and if I were Treasurer I
would not pay out the money on his order,
because money can only be drawn from the
Treasury in pursuance of law. General Spin-
ner is a very accurate and exact man, and I
do not believe he will pay the money on the
order of anybody, unless it comes in the regu-
lar form by draft from the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. JOHNSON. Such things have been
done.
■ Mr. SHERMAN. They cannot be without
a violation of law in my .judgment. I never
heard of it. It ought not to be done. This
controversy is in a nutshell. The banks of
Virginia loaned $300,000 of gold to the con-
federate government. The banks now deny
that they loaned it, but claim that it was taken
from them. At any rate, it is insisted now
that this gold belongs to the banks, was their
private property, and that if so it was restored
to them at the time of the surrender, no pri-
vate property being taken by the General
Government under the surrender. If this
gold belonged to the confederate government,
so called, it falls by the rights of war into the
rightful custody of the United States ; it falls
to the United States, and it ought to go to the
Treasury of the United States, and the Presi-
dent has no power over its disposition.
That is the controversy. The House of Rep-
resentatives, however, has undertaken to decide
the controversy against the banks. The Pres-
ident undertook to decide it in favor of the
banks. It seems to me that neither is right.
The money ought to remain as it is, on deposit
in the Tre^ury, and these banks ought to be
authorized to commence a suit in the Court of
Claims to establish their right. By the state-
ments made by the Committee on Retrench-
ment—I have read the report—I have no doubt
that it was the property of the confederate
States, and is, therefore, now rightfully the
property of the United States, but possibly that
report may only contain the statement of one
side of the question. If that report contains
all the facts of the case I should decide in
favor of the United States; but it seems to me
the question ought to be settled by some com-
petent tribunal. The Court of Claims is the
proper one in sueh case.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remind Senators that on a motion to post-
pone, the merits of the bill are hardly a proper
subject of discussion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that on a motion
to postpone until to-morrow it is right to con-
sider what the merit is, because the postpone-
ment until to-morrow may be a defeat of the
measure.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unless there
he objection the Chair will not interpose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish merely to say that
the Senator from Ohio is mistaken in suppos-
ing that the House of Representatives has un-
dertaken to decide this case against the banks.
It has simply provided, as I understand, that
this money shall go into the Treasury. Then
any claimant of money that is in the Treasury,
like any other claimant against the Govern-
ment, of course will prosecute his claim in the
Court of Claims.
Mr. SHERMAN. The jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims is confined to certain specified
cases, and it is clear that this would not fall
within its general jurisdiction under the law.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think the Senator is
mistaken about it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then there can be no
objection to putting in a clause giving juris-
diction.
Sir. EDMUNDS._ I think the Court 6f
Claims has jurisdiction. There can be no ob-
jection, however, to putting in such a pro-
vision ; but'the mere fact that Congress pro-
vides that this money shall be paid into the
Treasury, and shall go into the general ac-
count instead of the special account, is no
decision against the claim, because whoever
has a legal right to it can get it out just as easy
by process of law one way as the other, and it
cannot be got out, as the Senator from Ohio
has rightly said, without some process of law.
The President, in my opinion, has no more
right to take it out than I have or anybody else.
Mr. WILSON. I hope this matter will not
be postponed, because it is absolutely neces-
sary that some decision should be made upon
this subject before the adjournment of the
present session ; and as this joint resolution is
to be amended, and will, therefore, necessarily
have to go back to the House, I hope its con-
sideration will not be postponed.
Mr. JOHNSON. The only reason I have
for wishing the postponement is that I may
become satisfied and the Senate may become
satisfied that the Court of Claims has juris-
diction over the subject; for unless the Court
of Claims has jurisdiction of the subject the
banks cannot get the money out of the Treas-
ury in case this resolution passes. As to the
authority of the President to restore money
placed on deposit under the circumstances
under which, as I understand, this money has
been placed, there may be differences of opin-
ion. I recollect one case that occurred during
the war, when there were some forty or fifty
thousand dollars taken by the Government of
an establishment in this city, they claiming that
it was the receipt of a gambling- transaction
between the proprietor of a gambling-house
and an officer of the Government. It was re-
ceived upon special deposit in the Treasury,
and afterward, upon their being satisfied that
the money really did belong to the parties who
claimed it and had not been received as the
fruits of a gambling transaction, it was paid
out by the Register without the consent of the
President. The interpretation, as I understood
at that time—I am not sure that it was right,
and it is a dangerous practice if the interpre-
tation be right—was that when the Govern-
ment receive money upon deposit they are
bound to deal with it just as any individual
would be bound to deal with money placed in
his hands on special deposit; it does not go
into the Treasury, was not intended to go into
the Treasury, from the very nature of the
transaction ; and not going into the Treasury,
the Government holds it as anybody else would
hold it under sueh circumstances.
As I have said, there is some danger in rec-
ognizing that principle now as a sound one,
because there may be a great deal of money in
the Treasury which may be considered as there
in the nature of a deposit, and over that the
President or the Secretary should not have, in
my judgment, any absolute control. Iam, there-
fore, in favor of the resolution, provided it be
true that after the resolution shall be adopted,
and the money shall go in the Treasury gen-
erally as the ordinary funds of the Government,
there be a means left by which the owner, if
the United States be not the owner, may re-
cover it back by some legal proceeding. I
forget the terms of the last acts in relation to
the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims, but
my present recollection is that they arc not
sufficiently comprehensive to cover a case of
this description. All I want is to be satisfied
that they are. There certainly can be no error
in making that point clear. I understood the
honorable member from Oregon to say that
jurisdiction was expressly given to that court
by the resolution,originally reported, and that
that provision in the resolution was stricken
out by the House. I presume from that it
must have been because they did not desire
that the matter should be submitted to the
jurisdiction of the Court of Claims.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think, on looking at the
act establishing the Court of Claims and the
acts amendatory thereof, it is extremely doubt-
ful, now that I have them under my eye, whether
the Court of Claims could entertain the juris-
diction of this claim without special authority.
The jurisdiction seems to be confined to some
special contract, express or implied, with the
Government. This upon. strictly technical
common law principles might be an implied
contract to repay money that the Government
had no right to; but it would be doubtful
whether the court would so construe it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask whether the court
would not construe this very act of Congress
as a decision by Congress on the subject?
Would the court not regard it as a decision by
Congress that the money belonged properly to
the Treasury, and therefore ought not to be
paid out?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not think they would
do so ; but I entirely agree to the propriety of
providing in this very resolution that the Court
of Claims shall have jurisdiction to determine
the question. That will avoid all doubt.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday," which is House bill No. S3.
Sir. WILLIAMS. I hope we shall be al-
lowed to dispose of this joint resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall not object if a
vote can be had on the resolution; but if there
is to be any further debate I must insist upon
going on with the unfinished business.
Several Senators. There will be no debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The unfin-
ished business will be laid aside if there be no
objection.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Not for any length of time.
If the Senate is ready to vote on this resolution
I make no objection to going on with it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The special
order will be laid aside informally. The ques-
tion is on the amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from Oregon [Mr. Williams] to House
joint resolution No. 10.
Mr. CORBETT. Do I understand this
amendment to give the right to prosecute this
claim before the Court of Claims, or was that
stricken out by the House, and is the question
on the House amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing amendment is to insert after the words
"United States" in the fifth line the words
" after said bullion is converted by direction
of the Treasurer into coin."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend the reso-
lution by adding to it a provision that the par-
ties in interest shall have leave to prosecute
their claim in the Court of Claims, or any
words that will effect that purpose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have drawn an amend-
ment which will perhaps cover it:
And any party claiming said money and bullion
may tile a petition to be allowed and paid the same
in the Court of Claims; andsaid court upon proceed-
ings as. in other cases shall hear and determine such
petition.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suppose the word "par-
ties" would include a corporation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly. A corporation
is a party claimant.
Mr. CORBETT. Before this amendment
is adopted, I should like to know a little further
