186-7.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
135
about this money. As I understand, this money
was captured at the same time that Jefferson
Davis was captured, before the surrender or
about that time. I think it was captured as
rebel property like any other property belong-
ing to the confederate States. If so, I should
oppose the amendment giving the claimants
the right to prosecute their claim before the
Court of Claims. It seems to me that it was
captured like any other property belonging to
the confederate service, and is therefore prop-
erly the property of the Government of the
United States. I shall vote against the amend-
ment unless I can hear explanations that con-
vince me to the contrary.
Mr. WILLIAMS. There is a question as to
whether this was the property of the banks
or the property of the confederate govern-
ment. The banks claim that it was their pri-
vate property. It is claimed on behalf of the
Government that it belonged to the confed-
erate government. That is one question in the
case. It is not strictly property that was cap-
tured at the time Jefferson Davis was captured;
but it was property that was deposited in the
southern banks by officers of the confederate
government, and was therefore claimed by the
Government of the United States as property
which had belonged to the confederate govern-
ment, and which on that account became the
property of the United States upon the disso-
lution of that government.
Mr. CORBETT. I call for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not think my friend
from Oregon exactly understands the nature
of the controversy between the Government
and the banks. The money, as I understand
was captured at the time when Davis was cap
tured. Whether it belonged to the confederate
government will depend upon the manner 111
which that government got possession of the
coin. If it was loaned to them by the banks,
then the United States are entitled to hold it
as captured property. If, on the contrary, it
was taken by force from the banks by the con-
federate government, it belongs to the banks,
unless we are willing to sanction the act of the
confederate government in depriving the banks
of their property. The whole effect of this
amendment is to enable the banks to have that
question tried. It it shall turn out that they
had loaned the money, then it belongs to the
United States. If it shall turn out that instead
of loaning the money it was taken from them
by force, then of course the United States
would have no title, and they ought to be very
willing to refund it. It would be more espe-
cially just if that should turn out to be the fact,
because there are a great many widows and
orphans depending more or less upon the stock
which they hold in these banks; and if this
money is taken from them the whole of their
property may be swept from them. If it be
the property of the banks and not the prop-
erty of the Government, I think my friend will
agree that il should be at once returned to the
banks. All that this amendment does is to
provide a judicial mode by which that question
shall be tried. I am sure there is no reason
to doubt that the judgment of the Court of
Claims will be such as the law and the facts
will justify. The judges of that court hold
their offices by a law which may be repealed
at any time by the Congress of the United
States. Beside that, they are men of high
character, eminent lawyers, all of them, and
there can be no reason to doubt that they will
dee'de the question fairly.
Mr. IIOWE. I desire to know what is the
specific question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing question is on the amendment moved by
the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to know what
that amendment is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
read a^ain.
The Secretary read the amendment, wliich
was to add to the resolution:
And any parties claiming said monuj and bullion,
or any part thereof, may file a petition to be allowed
and paid.the. same in the Court of Claims; and said
court, upon proceedinff.as in other cases, snail near
and determine such petition.
Mr. HOWE. I think the Senate had better
not agree to that amendment. The Court_ of
Claims was organized for the purpose of trying
questions of contract, or questions arising on
contracts, to which the Government was a jjarty;
and I do not now^remember that their jurisdic-
tion has been extended beyond that. The ques-
tion raised here is a question of title as to a
specific sum of money, and the question is or
may bo one of great importance, and it seems
to me it is a question which may more properly
be determined by the Congress of the United
States than by any tribunal it has yet created.
I agree to the resolution. I think the money
ought to be paid into the Treasury, and to be
subject to the disposition of the Government,
as other sums in the Treasury are; and if any
one man can show a better title to this money
than the Government can, let him come to Con-
gress afld establish that title. I do not see why
this is not as fair a tribunal as the Court of
Claims, and as fair even to the claimants. I
think it is a question that had belter be de-
termined here than elsewhere.
Mr. CORBETT. I know that in prosecuting
a claim of this kind for $100,000 there is great
facility employed in many cases to bring up evi-
dence that would be satisfactory perhaps to
many people, but that might not be satisfactory
to Congress. I believe that this is the proper
place to prosecute such a claim and the place
to present the evidence with regard to this
amount of money. I believe it is generally
conceded and thought by the people of the
United States that Jefferson Davis is a subject
under the United States authorities as well as
this money, that he has not been disposed of
as yet ; but he is held in custody, and I believe
that this money should bo held as belonging to
the United States. I believe that it was cap-
tured as property belonging to the rebel gov-
ernment. Whether it was originally taken from
the banks by force or whether it was loaned
by them is a matter of no difference. The
banks, as I understand, gave their support to
the rebel government; they extended every
facility in their power to perpetuate that gov-
ernment and to strengthen it in everyway that
they could do. Whether this money was taken
from the banks or not is a matter of no differ-
ence ; it was in the hands of the rebel govern-
ment at the time that it was captured; is to
be treated the same as any other property that
was used for thwarting this Government, for
thwarting its authority, and for maintaining
the opposition to the United States Govern-
ment and defeating its authority. Therefore
I shall opnose this amendment. It opens the
door for presenting many other_ claims; it
opens the door to claims for all kinds of cap-
tured property that was taken from the rebel
government; and if we consent to tlm prose-
cution of this claim before the Court o( Claims
we shall have claims without end. I shall op-
pose the allowing of the prosecution of any
claim for property that was captured by our
Army from that rebel government.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 wish simply to correct
a statement made by the Senator irom Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Howe] as to the fact that there were
no precedents for this amendment. I do not
care whether the amendment is adopted or not;
I should prefer not to have it adopted, as the
House struck out of the resolution as it was
reported from the committee that part which
conferred jurisdiction upon the Court ol Claims;
but the act of March 12, 1863, provided that
the Secretary of the Treasury should perform
certain duties in regard to captured property,
and declared:
"And any person claiming to have been the owner
of any such abandoned or captured property may,
ft nnv time within two years after the suppression
of the rebellion, prefer his claim to the piocceds
thereof in the Court of Claimsand on ijroof to the
s'dhfaction of said court of his ownersmp ot said
of his right to the proceeds thereof, and
thSt ho iiSs never given any aid or comfort to the
present rebellion, to receive the residue of such pro-
ceeds after the deduction Of any purchase money
which may have been paid, together with the ex-
pense of transportation and sale of said property,
and any other lawful expenses attending the dispo-
sition thereof."
This act confers upon claimants the right to
prosecute in the Court of Claims for the re-
covery of moneys that have been realized from
the sale of captured and abandoned property;
so that that does extend the jurisdiction of
the Court of Claifns; but it appears to me that
there is no particular necessity for the adoption
of this amendment. This claim, if it be a good
one, can be preferred to Congress at any time,
and if desirahle provision can be made that
the Court of Claims shall take jurisdiction of it.
Mr. HOWE. I did not undertake to say that
there was not precedent for this. My attention
was called to this subject under debate only a
moment before I took the floor, and I did not
at the time recollect any precedent for the prop-
osition pending before the Senate. I do now
recollect very well the act which the Senator
from Oregon refers to. It may, to a certain
extent, be a precedent for this; but I think we
had better not follow the precedent. I think
this amendment had better not be adopted-.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As my friend from Ore-
gon, who has charge of this matter, thinks, on
investigation, it is best to leave the resolution
without this amendment, and as the amend-
ment is not, perhaps, as full as it ought to ba
respecting loyalty, I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. NYE. I am in favor of the amendment
for this reason: I had a talk with the Treas-
urer this morning, and he says this deposit is
in'such a shape, a portion of it bullion, a por-
tion melted coin, and a portion of it alloy, that
it is impossible to determine what the amount
is in any other way than by sending it to the
Mint and having it coined, so that the amount
can bo ascertained.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Thatamendmenthasbeen
adopted. .
Mr. NYE. Then I think in relation to the
other question we had better settle it our-
selves. I merely wanted to make the state-
ment that I understood from the Treasurer it
was impossible to ascertain the amount of it
until it was coined.
Mr. JOHNSON. We have no knowledge of
the character of this transaction. When the
subject was called up this morning I did not
know the money was in the Treasury; but
since the resolution has been betore the Sen-
ate I am told that in fact the money was not
captured when Davis was captured, never was
ill his hands, that it had been sent by the banks
for safe-keeping from Richmond to the banks
in Georgia, and it was in the Georgia banks at
the time it was taken by our officer then m
command, General Steadman. There was no
pretense, therefore, for saying that it was con-
federate property, looking to those two facts
alone. What I desire is merely that we should
put the parties who may be entitled to it m a
situation to recover the amount. ihe honor-
able member from Oregon supposes that it can
be done under the law as it now stands.
Mr. WILLIAMS. No, sir, I suppose not.;
because this law only provides that the suit
may be brought within two years after the sup-
pression of the rebellion, and then the persons
who are allowed to bring suit under the act
must be persons whose loyalty can be estab-
lished ; and there is no question, so far as the
facts in this case are concerncd, that these
banks furnished $300,000 for the confederate
government
Mr. JOHNSON. Not this money ? _
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is the question. _ I
am satisfied it was this money, but they claim
that, it was not this money, and the difficulty
arises from the fact that Captain btrother, who
had charge of the funds of the confederate
government, when he made Ins escape fr°m
Richmond at the time it was surrendered to
General Grant, took charge of the funds be-
longing to.the batiks and deposited alt the
funds, certain private funds belonging to the
banks and certain funds belonging to the con-
federate government, in a certain bank m Geor-
gia ; and then the parties obtained a permit to
