136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
bring their money back and they undertook to
bring it alt back, that which had belonged to
the confederate government and their own
funds. But certain robbers arrested them on
the way and stole a part of the money; but
when those robbers found out that it was money
that belonged to the United States, having once
belonged to the confederate government, they
kindly returned the money t« those bank offi-
cers, and the banks claim that the money which
was taken by the robbers was this confederate
money.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
tells me, and no doubt he is correct in his read-
ing of the law, that no one can prosecute a suit
in the Court of Claims who is disloyal. I do
not know in what-way it can be ascertained
that a corporation is disloyal. I cannot imagine
how a corporation can be indicted for disloy-
alty, tried for treason ; and it may be that
although it was managed by directors who were
disloyal, nine tenths of the stockholders may
have been loyal; and to prohibit, if that is
the understanding of the honorable member,
a bank from prosecuting in the name of the
bank the money on the ground that some of
the managers of the bank were disloyal would
be to punish those whom we are bound to pro-
tect. That I am sure is not the wish of the
honorable member.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have no wish about it.
I am simply giving you what the construction
of the law is.
Mr. JOHNSON. _ If, therefore, that is the
only difficulty, that is to say, the supposed dis-
loyalty of claimants, I submit, with all proper
respect, that that would not embrace this case;
nor do I think that it would cover the case as
it is supposed to be by the honorable member
from Wisconsin. He says that this is not a
case of contract, as be understands it, and that
we never have given to that court jurisdiction
in any other eases than eases arising upon con-
tract. I had supposed that where money was
taken improperly by one man from another,
the owner might waive the tort and sue the
party taking it on a contract implied by the
law; and there is no distinction in the law es-
tablishing the Court of Claims, if I understand
it, between an implied and an expressed eon-
tract. In voting for the resolution without the
amendment I shall, therefore, act upon the
hypothesis that the banks can sue in the Court
of Claims and make out their title, if they can.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in. It was ordered that the amend-
ment be engrossed and the resolution read a
third time. The resolution was read the third
time, and passed.
SUPPLEMENTARY RECONSTRUCTION BILL. .
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now call for the order
of the day. ••
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday is before the Sen-
ate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 33) supplemental-}' to an act entitled "An
act to provide for the more efficient govern-
ment of the rebel States," passed March 2,
1867, and to facilitate restoration : the pend-
ing question being on the amendment reported
by the Committee on the Judiciary as a substi-
tute for the bill.
Mr. HOWE. -I move to amend the fourth
section of the committee's amendment by strik-
ing out in the eighth, ninth, and tenth lines the
words "declared by Congress to be in con-
formity with the provisions of the act to which
this is supplementary," and to insert "approved
by Congress."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that an amendment has already
been adopted at that point.
Mr. HOWE. I do not mean to interfere with
the amendment that was adopted. I forget
where that comes in,
Mr. TRUMBULL. After the word "sup-
plementary,"
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The section
will be read as amended in thatparticular.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It contains the words,
"approved by Congress" now.
Mr. CONKLING. Let the whole section be
read as it stands.
The Secretary read as follows:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That if, according
to said returns, the constitution shall be ratified by
a majority of the votes of the electors qualified as
herein specified, the president of the convention
shall transmit a copy of the same/iluly certified, to
the President of the United States, who shall forth-
with transmit the same to Congress, if then in ses-
sion, and if not in session then immediately upon its
next assembling; and if the said constitution shall
be declared by Congress to be in conformity with the
provisions of the act to which this is supplementary,
and the other provisions of said act shall have been
complied with, and the said constitution shall be
approved by Congress, the State shall be declared
entitled to representation, and Senators and Repre-
sentatives shall be admitted therefrom as therein
provided.
Mr. HOWE. I withdraw the amendment.
I was not aware that those words were inserted.
I now move to amend that section by"striking
out the word "representation" in the eleventh
line, and inserting in lieu thereof " all the pre-
rogatives of a State;" so that the clause will
read:
The State shall be declared entitled to all the pre-
rogatives of a State, and Senators and Representa-
tives shall be admitted therefrom as therein provided.
I will simply say that by the law which we
have recently enacted those communities are
not merely deprived of the right of represent-
ation in the Federal Legislature, but they are
denied the right of home government, local
government. The section as itstands proposes
in terms to restore to thern, when these things
shall have transpired, the right of representa-
tion ; but does not, in terms, propose to restore
them the whole prerogatives, the local pre-
rogatives of States? I suppose the committee
intended that that should follow, and I think
it better to say so, so that we remove all dis-
abilities and all restrictions, that when this thing
is done then they become States in law and in
fact.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will look
at the whole frame of the bill he will see that
it provides not only for the formation of a con-
stitution, but also a civil government for the
State. If this constitution and civil govern-
ment is approved by Congress, it is the con-
stitution of the State, and as a matter of course
it has the rights of a State. I think it is all
embraced in the bill as it is. I do not think
it would change the legal effect of it at all to
insert the words which the Senator suggests.
Probably, if we were considering this in com-
mittee I should not make any special objec-
tion to the Senator's suggestion; but I think
the substance of it is in the bill; and unless
there is something to be gained by it I suggest
to my friend from Wisconsin we had better
leave it as it is, as by adopting amendments
we run into the hazard of making the bill in-
congruous. I do not to say that this particu-
lar amendment would make it incongruous;
but the legal effect of the bill is precisely
what the Senator states. I do not think there
is any importance in the amendment, and there-
fore I suggest that it is hardly worth while to
make it.
Mr. HOWE. If there is any incongruity
between the provision which 1 propose to
introduce aud any other part of the bill, and
the Senator from Illinois will point it out to
me, I will endeavor to avoid it; or if the Sen-
ator can point me to any provision in the bill
which now does in terms restore this right of
local government to those communities, or
proposes to restore it to them upon the hap-
pening of these events, I shall agree with him
that this is not at all necessary. I was quite
confident that this proposed nothing which
the committee did not intend should follow
upon the happening of these events, and I
thought it was better to make the specific dec-
laration that these consequences should fol-
low, that the State should not only be entitled
to the right of representation, but should be
entitled to this other right, the right of local
government, which we took away from it by
the recent act of Congress. ' For the purpose
of being explicit I would rather see the amend-
ment adopted.
Mr. HENDERSON. While in one view of
the case it might be well to adopt this amend-
ment, in another view, which will perhaps
suggest itself to the mind of the Senator, it
may not be proper to do so. It declares that
the State shall be entitled to representation
and to all the prerogatives of a State. In my
view of the case, the United States having
conquered this territory, we have powers over
the territory perhaps that we did not have be-
fore. Now, suppose that sufficient guarantees
may not be obtained upon the admission of
these States by constitutional amendment oper-
ating upon all the States ; then it may be desir-
able, when we come to admit these States, to
take some guarantee by the way of compact.
Possibly the rights of the conqueror may con-
fer upon us the right to make a compact with
these States binding upon the States. I am
not disposed to say that such a thing could not
be done. As I have already said, we may fail
to get such guarantees as we need. But I do
not wish to declare that when those States are
admitted upon compliance simply with what
we have done here they shall be entitled to all
the prerogatives of any other Slate. That will
be certainly the meaning of this proposition.
I can imagine several reasons why this should
not be adopted, or rather I can imagine sev-
eral states of case in which it might be desir-
able to take guarantees that we have not here;
and if we are to admit them, or if we are to
obligate ourselves to admit them, we deny our-
selves in honor the privilege then to take
these further guarantees. Therefore, perhaps
it would be well not to adopt an amendment of
this sort. I merely throw out the suggestion.^
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator from Missouri
apprehends such a contingency as he has just
suggested, it seems to me we should change
the bill as it stands; we should refrain from
promising them the right of representation. I
cannot conceive that any one of these Commu-
nities can come before us under the recent law
and this addition to it in an attitude which
would entitle them to the right of representa-
tion here, and would not entitle them to the
right of exertingthehome control which belongs
to a State. When they entitle themselves to
one of these prerogatives, they entitle them-
selves to the other. I conceive that there can
be no state of case in which we ought to de-
prive them of one without depriving them of
the other, and there can be no conceivable state
of case in which we would be authorized to
concede them the one without conceding them
the otherand inasmuch as the bill now before
us, or the amendment now before us, proposes
to promise them one of these prerogatives, the
right of representation here, I wish to have it
promise them the other, that they might under-
stand distinctly that the -whole character of a
State was to be restored to them.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The objection
that occurs to me in reference to the amend-
ment is that there is an implication that they
have not now the prerogatives of a State. Some
of the prerogatives of a State they may retain
now. It may be important to treat them as
retaining judicial powers, the power of being
liable for their debts, of its being the identical
State whish contracted the debt. Therefore, I
think it is better to avoid those questions than
by implication throw out the idea that they
have not those functions of a State.
Mr. HOWARD. In order to avoid all
doubt and ambiguity on the subject, suppose
we let it stand as we placed it when we passed
the reconstruction bill of last session. If it be
in order, I move to strike out all of this sec-
tion after the word "assembling" in the
eighth line as being useless, and worse than
useless. It is tending to unnecessary and
perhaps in the future pernicious complica-
tions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. An amend-
ment to an amendment is now pending, and
