1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
137
the amendment suggested by the Senator is
not now in order. It will be in order when
this is disposed of. The question now is on
the amendment of the Senator from Wiscon-
sin.
Mr. HOWARD. That is, to strike out the
word "representation."
Mr. HOWE. And insert " all the preroga-
• tives of a State."
Mr. HOWARD. I am opposed to that
amendment. The proposition which we have
made to the rebel States is a very plain one.
It is that after they have complied with cer-
tain conditions-precedent—
" Said State shall be (loclared entitled to represent-
ation in Congress, and Senators and Representatives
shall be admitted therefrom on their taking thooath
prescribed by law, and then and thereafter the pre-
ceding section of this bill shall be inoperative in
said States."
There is the limit which Congress has al-
ready fixed and established: that on these
States complying with certain conditions,
plainly expressed and perfectly intelligible to
all, tliey shall be declared entitled to repre-
sentation in Congress, and Senators and Rep-
resentatives shall be admitted therefrom on
taking the oath prescribed by law; that is, the
so-called test oath of 1862. Now, sir, I am
for carrying out this proposition equitably and
strictly according to its terms and intent; and
I am opposed to any alteration of it at this
time. 1 do not believe in enacting a law one
day and the next day changing it, or making a
proposition one day and retracting it or modi-
fying it the next. I do not therefore see any
necessity for this portion of the section, and I
shall move to strike it out at the proper time.
While I am up I beg to say further that this
section is defective in providing that—
If the said constitution shall be declared by Con-
gress to be in conformity with the provisions of the
act to which this is supplementary, and the other
provisions of said act shall have been complied with,
and the said constitution shall be approved by Con-
gress, the State shall be declared entitled to repre-
sentation, and Senators and Representatives shall
be admitted therefrom as therein provided.
There seems to he perhaps, not an inten-
tional omission, but an omission to repeat the
requirement contained in the former acts, that
persons presenting themselves for admission as
Representatives or Senators shall take the test
oath of 1862. That is a condition upon which
1 am strongly disposed to insist at all times.
At any rate, I do not see the propriety of the
present amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise for the purpose
of inquiring of the Senator from Wisconsin
what the distinction is that he makes for this
purpose between saying that States may then
l)e entitled to representation and saying that
they shall have all the prerogatives of States?
I see, of course, there is a distinction for other
purposes, but for this purpose I do not see it.
J f the Senator will be kind enough to indicate
what he means, for one I can vote more intel-
ligibly than I can now.
Mr. HOWE. I will state to the honorable
Senator from New York what I understand to
be the distinction. I understand an American
State under our Constitution to be entitled to
two great prerogatives, to say no more. One
is the right to a certain amount of representa-
tion in the tribunal which makes laws for the
nation and which chooses Presidents and Yice
Presidents for the nation ; and the other is the
right to make all other laws and to institute a
home government for the exercise of all powers
which do not belong to the Government of the
United States. I understand by the recent
enactment of Congress both these prerogatives
have been taken from those communities.
Previous to that act they had been denied one
of those prerogatives, that is the right to repre-
sentation in Congress and the right to repre-
sentation in the Electoral Colleges. The other
prerogative, the right, to maintain those local
governments and wield those home powers,
they enjoyed in a qualified sort of way so far as
the President would allow them to enjoy them,
but without any inhibition on the part of Con-
gress; but by that act they were deprived of
both; the local governments were declared to
be not the governments of States, but provis-
ional governments, and were subjected to the
Federal authority, and the right of representa-
tion was denied to them in terms altogether.
Now, by this act it is proposed that upon the
happening of certain events, in terms, the right
of representation shall be given, and I wish
that the other right, the right to maintain these
local governments independent of Federal con-
trol, or any other Federal control than we
exercise in New York, Massachusetts, or Wis-
consin, should go at the same time.
Mr. CONKLING. If I could concede the
occasion for anything more definite than we
have in the bill already for this purpose, and
if I could be sure that the phrase chosen by
the Senator is adapted to that purpose and to
no other, I should be with him entirely as to
this amendment. But, in the first place, I
doubt a little the signification of this expres-
sion, " all the prerogatives of a State." With-
out stopping to discuss that, however, it seems
to me very clear that the bill as it will stand
in connection with the acts already passed
puts beyond a question the doubt which the
Senator suggests. Certainly I think no one
can suppose that after forming a constitution
of government republican in its character,
devising all the machinery of State govern-
ment for every purpose, submitting the con-
stitution ordaining it to the people, and hav-
ing it ratified and accepted by Congress, and
being permitted to resume the practical rela-
tions of a State with the Federal Government
—nobody, I think, in the face of such a suc-
cession of provisions as this, could doubt for
one moment that the full measure of a State
for every purpose inside and out was left with
these communities and conferred upon tliem
as far as we have any power for that purpose.
I have no partiality, for one, to the expression
as it stands, except that in several bills and
in the constitutional amendment this very
phrase has been used ;• and it seems to mo
that the sameness and identity of it in all these
cases recommends it.
Mr. JOHNSON, (to Mr. Conkling.) Read
the provision on page 6, commencing in the
fifth line of the second section.
Mr. CONKLING. I refer, as the Senator
from Maryland reminds me. in what I have said
to this, among the other provisions of the bill,
and covering this point:
"An election shall bo held of delegates to a con-
vention for the purpose of establishing a constitution
and civil government for such State loyal to the
Union; said convention in each State, except Vir-
ginia, to consist," &c.
That is the very thing, that is the gravamen
of this bill; and 1 cannot suppose that it is
necessary to enlarge its subsequent phrases in
order to define the very essence of the measure.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him this question: does he not suppose that
the civil government spoken of in that section,
and which that convention is to institute, is
actually the selection of a Governor and Legis-
lature and judges?
Mr. CONKLING. Not actually the selec-
tion, but actually the foundation and provis-
ion in the most radical and capacious sense
for the selection of a Governor and judges and
everything else which pertains to State ma-
chinery or State function.
Mr. HOWE. Providing a charter _ which
shall regulate the action of these tribunals
when they are selected. The Senator knows
very well that those communities have jnst
such charters down there to-day, and have
just such officers, Governors, Legislatures, and
courts; and yet the Senator knows that by; the
recent act of Congress they have been denied
the exercise, and are to-day denied the exer-
cise, of the authority conferred upon them by
those local charters.  
Mr. CONKLING. Yes,Mr. President, and
I propose, in order to make the argument for
this proposition as strong as it can possibly be,
to assume that there is a total obliteration of
all civil governments in these States j that the
germ of civil government lives nowhere except
as it resides in the people. That is as strong
as you can put it. That is stronger than it is
in the case of a Territory, if you please; and
yet, if my memory serves me, this is the lan-
guage we use in admitting a new State. The
Senator shakes his head. He means to say
that this is not the language used in an ena-
bling act.
Mr. HOWE. I think it is not. We admit
them, then, in terms on equality with the other
States.
Mr. WILLIAMS. On an equal footing.
Mr. HOWE. And that is the language
employed in the Constitution.
Mr. CONKLING. The gentlemen are alto-
gether on a different point. I say the language
which we have used in the second section of
the bill, in providing what they may do in or-
ganizing governments and providing them-
selves with it, is the language, or the equiva-
lent of the language, used in the enabling acta
applicable to Territories. I am aware that we
say upon another point that when they become
States they become so upon an equality with
all the other States. If Senators are pre-
pared to embrace the theory that the State-
hood of these communities is extinct, that they
are in no sense States, either in the Union or
out of it, then I can see it might be necessary
to add something which, in addition to provid-
ing them State governments and giving them
representation and giving them power of gov-
ernment within themselves, should gazette the
nations of the world with the fact that we now
admit that they have become States. But this
bill was drawn, as these other bills have been,
I think fortunately, to avoid the theories, one
way or the other, upon which the country and
parties are divided in that regard. It seems to
me very clear that the bill is sufficient as it is;
but I have no choicc of phrases.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to the bill to take the place of the oath
which is contained on page 6. Before sending
it to the Chair, I beg to explain the nature of
it. The oath as inserted in the substitute under
consideration is as follows :
X, , of , in the county or parish of ,
in the Stato of , do hereby solemnly swear (or
affirm) that I am not excluded lrom the right to vote
by the fifth and sixth sections of said act to provide
for the more efficient government of the rebel States;
that 1 will support the Constitution and obey the
laws of the United States, and that I will, to the best
of my ability, encourage all others to do the same: so
help mo God.
And it is provided that this " oath or affir-
mation may be administered by any registering
officer." Now, sir, the substance of the oath
is here to be understood by reference to the
statute which we passed at the last session ; •
and the party taking the oath is required by
this bill to swear that ho is not excluded by the
terms of the former act; but he is not required
to swear affirmatively what his qualifications
are according to that act. This is a blind
mode of putting an oath to an affiant or a de-
ponent ; and if this form of oath is suffered to
remain in the bill, if we shall pass it, it will
turn out, I fear, in the end that thousands,
perhaps tens of thousands, of persons who are
not in reality and in fact qualified as voters
under the act which wc have passed, will come
forward and blindly and heedlessly take this
oath without reference to the requirement of
the act itself. Now, I propose, on the other
hand, to state in the oath itself what the quali-
fications are, so as to bring these qualifications
clearly and immediately to the mind and mem-
ory of the voter when he offers himself for
registration. The form of oath which I sug-
gest embraces all the requirements contained
in the former act. I do not think there can
be any objection to it. I will read it:
X , do solemnly swear, in the presence of
Almighty God, that I am a citizen of the State
of . .
It will bo observed that this oath is to be
signed by the deponent, the voter, and filed
