144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
will bring out a vote. The more united the
people are in its favor the fewer will be the
votes east. The contest will be in the choice
of delegates. Then the people will .vote. 1
would not object to requiring a majority of the
registered voters to vote for or against the con-
vention.on the day of the election of delegates;
but I do earnestly object to permitting the stay-
at-homes to defeat a constitution framed in the
interests of the country and the rights of man.
Sir, I believe these States will generally with
very little effort elect delegates who will not
only comply with the terms we have imposed,
but a majority of most of the conventions that
will be heartily in favor of them. I believe
further that the men in favor of those con-
ditions will at once enter upon the general
direction and control of at least half of these
States, and all of them in a very short time,
and it cannot be otherwise. In those States
there are nine hundred thousand white voters
and over seven hundred thousand black voters.
X have no question how these black men will
vote so long as their rights are. contested.
When everybody acquiesces in them, when
everybody builds school-houses for them, when
everybody concedes all their rights, they may
divide as other men do, but at present ninety-
nine out of every hundred of these men will
vote just as they fought, for the country, for
freedom, for emancipation, for civil rights, for
enfranchisement, for elevation, for improve-
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There seems to be a
difference of opinion on that point.
Mr. WILSON". After we have secured to
these men the suffrage we fear to trust them,
do we? I have no fear on that point. They
voted all right in Georgetown the other day;
not a man of them on the wrong side. They
voted all right in Alexandria the other day.
They will carry every city from here to the
Rio Grande if we give thpm the chance to do it.
There are few Democratic negroes, and they
cannot be Johnsonized. In these States there
is a large class of Union men who were Union
men in heart all through the war. They have
twenty-five thousand white Union voters in
Alabama for Union and liberty, and with the
negro vote of that State they can carry it. .If
the organization, the speeches, the work that
will be put forth in the State of Connecticut
this year were put forth in the ten rebel States
we could carry nearly every one of them by
a decisive majority. Take South Carolina;
there is a majority of at least twenty-five thou-
sand black men who are voters in that State;
there are some few white Union men; there
are several thousand men who do not believe
in the rebellion, who have abandoned the
doctrine of secession, and who are with us
in sentiment and feeling. I want to meet these
friends of the country with the warm grasp of
the hand, and not smite them in the face and
send them back. It is not the jiart of wisdom;
it is the blindest political action that was ever
inaugurated by men.
We have fought the battle of ideas, and we
have triumphed ; we have fought the battle in
the field, and we have won. We have dictated
the terms and conditions of reconstruction,
and they are in accordance with God's holy
word, with the Declaration of Independence,
and the rights of human nature. We want
the work completed; we want these State con-
stitutions to be like our constitutions. We
want these people to acquiesce in these doc-
trines and have them the common, accepted,
recognized ideas, for they will bring peace,
order, and security to the freedmen, worth a
thousand of your armies there. We want the
grand work of renovation to commence in that
part of our country, building up, elevating,
improving the condition of the whole people.
Gentlemen have the idea that it will not do to
trust these people; that it will not do to trust
even the black men after we have given them
their rights. Do gentlemen want to go into
the next presidential election and fight the
battle in New York, Pennsylvania, New Jer-
sey, and Indiana in face of the fact that
nearly four years after the conquest and sur-
render of the rebel armi<?S we have not had
capacity enough to complete the restoration
of the States, and that even when we had made
our own terms and conditions, and the men
of those States were anxious to accept them,
we would not allow them to do so ? 1 venture
to say that eight of these ten States have decis-
ive majorities to-day in favor of taking these
terms and conditions and adhering to them as
long as their States shall last. The enfran-
chisement of seven hundred thousand freed-
men—seven sixteenths of all their voters—
changes the face of affairs, makes those States
friends of the country, of liberty, and of the
Republican policy.
The future of the South is for the unity of
the Republic, the rights of man, and the radi-
cal Republican polic}', if wo will have it so.
I want a policy of liberality to be at once inau-
gurated. It is time to stop all petty criticisms
when your great and grand work is done and
your own ideas are dominant. Give that peo-
ple a fair chance to accept your terms, and
thus end the great controversy. Why put con-
ditions the only effect of which is to keep our
friends out? There are men in those States
who were compromised in the rebellion, who
are proscribed by your constitutional amend-
ment, who cannot come into this Chamber,
who cannot take your test oath, who are spend-
ing time and money to spread Union and lib-
eral ideas. These men are working for us now.
They.think as the majority of us think, and feel
as we feel. They want to act with us, and I
want them to act with us for the good of our
common country. I do not, will not distrust
them. I cannot repulse their advances nor
chide them. I will meet them with the warm
grasp of fraternity, and bid them God speed
in the work of restoration.
Therefore, sir, I think that we ought to
leave the ratification of these constitutions to
a majority of the people of these States who
cast their votes. They will be registered ;
they will go the ballot-box at the election for
delegates. Then they will consider the great
battle fought. When they elect delegates and
when the constitutions are generally acquiesced
in they will think the contest is all over. It
is proposed that after all this, unless a majority
of them go to the ballot-box and vote for these
constitutions the work shall be lost. Why
should that be? What is to be gained by it ?
Can we not trust the majority of the men who
vote ? I think we can, and I shall so vote.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I wish I had a
part of the clear perception and far-reaching
vision of the distinguished Senator who has
just taken his seat. He seems, to see with
natural eyeswhat common people are notquite
so observant of. The bill to which he seems
so much attached, and which passed before I
returned to my seat—arriving just in time to
east a vote to make it a law, notwithstanding
the veto of the President—it seems did not
fully meet the views of the larg® majority of
both Houses of Congress, and when this sup-
plemental bill is brought in here the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts seems to
think that its discussion is all out of order, and,
recurring to the original bill, he says that it is
so nominated in the bond. Now, sir, I concur
with the majority of both branches of Con-
gress that that bill needed some amendment;
but the distinguished Senator seems to assume,
and does assume, that these States should be
treated in all respects as though they had
been guilty of no wrong, no outrage; had
been guilty of no sin to bring down on them
the condemnation of this Government and the
enlightened world.
Allow me to remind the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts that this is not a mere question of
the admission of States, but it is a question of
the admission of rebellious States, and a rebel-
lion of that order that it clothed a nation in
mourning. I repeat I have no longing to em-
brace the leaders of this rebellion, and T say
that the common prudence which we exercise
in the ordinary questions that arise in course
of business; life requires that we should be over
cautious rather than wanting in caution in pre-
scribing the mode for their coming back. I
am not unmindful of the triumphs of the last
six years ; I have not had the honor of sharing
in them so largely as the distinguished Senator
from Massachusetts; but I yield to-noonein
an ardent admiration for the triumphs that
have been achieved. It is to maintain those
triumphs, to hold the fruits of those glorious
triumphs, that this amendment is proposed.
Had these States never rebelled I am free to
say that a majority of the voters actually voting
would have satisfied me; but they have rebelled,
and I see in this movement the entering wedge
to the unaccountable gushings of fraternal
feeling of the distinguished Senator from Mas-
sachusetts toward them. Just before the close
of the session of yesterday a resolution was
introduced to relieve the disabilities of some
gentlemen who come within the provisions of
this bill. Sir, this is but "the beginning of
the end." You let one loop-hole be made in
the restrictions that surround these States in
their coming in, and yon will have a flood of
them. If I understood this resolution to which
I have alluded, it was to relieve the disability
of Governor Patton. I stand here with the
record to prove him one of the reddest-handed
rebels in Alabama, and it is that class of men
that I want to guard against; but it seems that
in this moment of out-gushing sympathy^ we
are going to embrace not only the disfranchised
class in this bill, but everybody else that wants
to come.
Mr. President, I have not the highest confi-
dence in this registration of voters. We have
right under our eyes here an example that
should induce us to be cautious. The State
of Maryland passed a registration law which
forbade the registration of rebels or those that
sympathized with rebellion during the war. In
the autumn of last year that State was well
nigh in rebellion upon that question. What is
the result? The result is to-day that every
man that sympathized with rebellion in Mary-
land is a voter and voted against the class of
men not allowed to vote there that my friend
so much loves and admires. Now, sir, what
is the fruit of that registration ? A Senator is
elected to this body that crowned his minis-
terial career in Buchanan's administration by
transferring a million of money from New York
to New Orleans to be seized.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am very unwilling to
interrupt the Senator, but it appears to me—he
will permit me to say so—to discuss in advance
the claims of a gentleman to a seat in this Sen-
ate who has been elected by a Legislature of
a State by a pretty unanimous vote is going
rather too far.
Mr. NYE. I did not intend to do that. I
speak here as to this fruit of a registration, in
which I say I have no confidence.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think, if my honorable
friend will permit me to tell him, that he is
entirely mistaken.
Mr. NYE. That is a question that will be
discussed hereafter, upon which I do not desire
to enter now.
Mr. JOHNSON. All I intended to say
was that I should .very much prefer, and, if
the honorable member will permit to say so,
I think the Senate would prefer, that he should
reserve any remarks he may have to make
upon the claims of that gentleman to the con-
fidence of this body until he presents himself
here.
Mr. NYE. I do not desire, Mr. President,
at all to disturb the equilibrium of the honor-
able Senator from Maryland. I speak of the
history of the past and the present. I am
appealing to the good judgment of the distin-
guished Senator from Massachusetts not to put
too much confidence in this'registration. I
tell you, Mr. President, that I have seen regis-
trations for the last twenty-five years, and with
all the care that is thrown about them there is
always danger of frauds in them. For instance,
,in the city of New York you sfe Patrick
O'Flanagan voting upon papers that were taken
