186T.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
147
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment moved by^the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 19, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Chandler,
Conknng, ISdmunds. Fossenden, Fowler, Henderson,
Howard, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire, Ramsey,
S,iV>^%Thaycr. Trumbull, and Yates-19.
•NAYS—Messrs. Buekalcw, Cole, Conness, Corbett,
Cragin, Davis, Dixon, Drake, Ferry, Frelinghuysen,
uarlan, Hendricks, Howe, Johnson, Morton, Patter-
son oi Tennessee, Pomeroy, Ross, Sherman* Stewart,
Tipton, Van Winkle, Willey, Williams, and Wil-
son—25.
ABSENT — Messrs. Cattell, Doolittle, Grimes,
Guthrie, Norton, Riddle, Saulsbury, Sprague, and
Wade—9.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. MORTON obtained the floor.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. I hope we
shall continue until five o'clock, and 
Mr. JOHNSON. Take a recess.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And then determine
whether we shall take a recess or not.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let us take a recess now,
if we are to take one at all.
Mr. SUMNER. We caunot get a vote to-
night. There are a dozen amendments to be
offered.
Mr. JOHNSON. Why cannot we get a vote
to-night? Certainly we can.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall not ad-
journ.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to adjourn is not debatable.
Mr. DRAKE. I hope the Senator from
Michigan will withdraw the motion to allow me
to offer a proposition.
Mr. HOWARD. I withdraw the motion
momentarily to enable the Senator from Mis-
souri to offer his proposition.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President 
Mr. MORTON. Who is entitled to the floor?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
recognized the Senator from Missouri before the
motion to adjourn was made.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I insist on my motion
of adjournment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish the Senator would
allow mo to say a word.
Mr. HOWARD. Not a word.
Mr. TRUMBCJLL. Then I hope the Senate
will vote down the motion.
Mr. HOWARD. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 33 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
ling, Davis, Dixon, Fowler, Howard, Nye, Ross, Sum-
ner, and Yates—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell, Con-
ness, Corbett, Or agin, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry. Fre-
linghuysen, Harlan, Henderson, Hendricks, Howe,
Johnson, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Patterson of New Hampshire, Patter-
son of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Stew-
art, Thayer, Tipton, Ti umbull. Van Winkle, Wade,
Willey, Williams, and Wilson—33.
ABSENT—Messrs. Doolittle, Fessenden, Srimes,
Guthrie, Norton, Riddle, Saulsbury, and Sprague—8.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now wish to state to
the Senate, as I have had charge of this bill, that
if Senators will forbear making speeches upon
questions which I am sure the Senate will un-
derstand when they are proposed, and nobody's
vote is changed by them, we can pass this bill
or dispose of it in an hour. It is storming out;
it is Saturday night; and my judgment is we
had better take no recess, but hold on to the
bill and finish it. Now, I do appeal to the
friends of the bill not to make speeches in
reference to it. If those who are opposed to
it are determined to take up time, that we can-
not help ; but I do hope that the friends of the
measure, if they have amendments even to pro-
pose, will not make speeches upon them. I
trust we may go on with the bill and vote upon
the amendments as they are offered, and dis-
pose of it this evening.
Mr. MORTON. I am a friend of the bill,
and I desire to offer an amendment, which I
do not propose to discuss, simply remarking
that I believe the amendment we have just
voted down was entirely immaterial; that the
bill means just the same thing now that it
would have done if that amendment had been
adopted, and that upon that point the Senator
from Illinois was right. The amendment that
I offer is in section four, line three, after the
word " specified" to insert "cast at said elec-
tion ; " so that the section will read:
That if, aeoording to-said returns, the constitution
shall be ratified by a majority of the votes of tho
electors qualified as herein specified, oast at said elec-
tion, the president of the convention, &e.
I move the adoption of that amendment,
and upon that I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. DRAKE. I would inquire of the Sen-
ator from Indiana whether perhaps it might
not be more in exact keeping with the lan-
guage of that section in the previous line to
phrase the amendment, as he proposes now,
by the use of the words 1' given upon the ques-
tion of its ratification?" If the Senator thinks
that there is any more uniformity in the lan-
guage in that style it is at his service.
Mr. MORTON. I am not at all choice
about the language. It means just the same
thing. The votes " cast at said election," and
the election is for ratification.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the honorable mem-
ber read the section as it will stand if amended ?
Mr. MORTON. I will read the section as
it will stand as I propose to amend it:
That if, according to said returns, the constitution
shall be ratified by a majority of the votes of the
electors qualified as herein specified, cast at said
election, the presidentof the convention shall trans-
mit a copy of the same, duly certified, &c.
My amendment is to insert the words " cast
at said election; " and upon that I ask for the
yens and nays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senator from
Indiana to withdraw the call for the yeas and
nays. The Senate by a vote has decided in
favor of this principle.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no; and you said
you did not think it necessary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I said I did not think
it necessary, but I voted that way to make it
.certain. I think we can carry the amendment
without having the yeas and nays. I am for
the amendment; that is, I am in favor of that
principle. My other vote was given in order
to make the meaning distinct.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana.
Mr. HOWARD. It seems to me that that
amendment changes the purpose of the bill at
the present time. As the bill now stands it
requires a majority of the registered voters to
ratify the constitution; and it is now proposed
that that constitution may be ratified by a mi-
nority of the same voters. It may be ratified
by a minority in this way: suppose that sim-
ply a majority of the registered voters of a
rebel State attend the polls and vote on this
question, and only a majority of that number
ratify the constitution ; the constitution, then,
is not the work of the majority of the people
of the State, but of a minority; and the gov-
ernments which you thus propose to establish
are to rest upon the basis, not of the consent
of a majority of the people, but of a minority.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the Senator from Mich-
igan allow me to make a suggestion to him at
that point ?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. DRAKE. The universal rule is that
those that do not go to the election and vote
are counted with the majority, are considered
as acquiescing in the will of the majority.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the honorable Sen-
ator undertake to say that that is a principle
of law or practice or usage ?
Mr. DRAKE. Undoubtedly a principle of
law, undoubtedly f principle of practice, un-
doubtedly a principle of usage as is practiced
here in this Senate Chamber every day. When
a question is put, and no person says yes or no,
ail are considered as acquiescing therein.
Mr. HOWARD, It is a principle of law, I
agree, in the elections of corporations; but 1
am not aware that there is any principle of law
that goes further than that. We are here, sit,
constructing the fundamental governments for
new States which are to participate in the affairs
of the Government of the Union. .We are
laying down the fundamental principles upon
which these new State governments are to rest.
Now, sir, as I have said before, I am opposed
to the establishment of State governments in
the rebel States unless it is perfectly clear that
the assent of a majority of the voting popula-
tion has been given upon the great question of
organizing State governments and returning to
the Union. I wish to see the fact appear af-
firmatively that the majority of the voting peo-
ple are in favor of the establishment of State
governments and coming back into the Union;
and I am not content to leave it upon tho mere
possibility that there may be a majority in
favor of it, and the mere possibility that it may
rest upon the consent of only a minority of the
people. I wish, in other words, to base these
new governments upon the principle that a
majority of the voting population demand them,
or at least consent to them, and not leave that
great question to any^ other contingency.
It may turn out that in some of these States
to be reconstructed under this bill none, or but
very few, except negroes, will vote upon the
question, or^ register even. There is nothing
compulsory in the act requiring persons to reg-
ister their names. No man is registered unless
he signs the oath inserted in the bill. Suppose
that three fourths or eight tenths or nine tenths
of the white population in some of the rebel
States should see fit to refuse to register their
names or have anything to do with this question
at all. Such an event is not impossible. It
will then happen that these newly-reconstructed
governments depend almost solely upon the
votes of negroes. Then, sir, we should see
the halcyon days which present themselves so
charmingly to the vision of the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] who has spoken
so much on this subject, instead of having
governments in which white men participate,
we may have governments in which only negroes
participate ; the white population in the mean
time standing entirely aloof from tham. Is thig
desirable? Is even the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, who has rather flippantly, he will allow
me to say, spoken of demagogism, and imputed
it to persons who are not so swift as he to admit
these new States, is even he content with the
prospect which now stares him in the face under
this amendment, of the establishment of purely
negro governments in the South? And yet,
because some of us on this side of the Chamber
show a little hesitation and circumspection in
this regard, he warns us against the temptation
to demagogism, which is presented in the pecu-
liar state of things at the South. What sort
of ism is that which would tolerate the estab-
lishment of a government in even a rebel State
founded solely upon negro votes and negro
agency? Is that demagogism? And still the
Senator from Massachusetts cannot fail to see
that under this bill, if it shall be amended as ha
has proposed, the thing is possible; not only
possible, but I apprehend in some cases very
probable. I wish to guard against such a con-
tingency. I am not quite demagogue enough
to desire to see a purely negro government
established, even in the rebel States, to tha
exclusion of white men.
Mr. MORTON. Before the vote is taken I
want to say just one word. This is simply a
question whether the stay-at-homes, political
sluggards, sullen rebels, men who never take
^ny interest in an election, and never go to an
election, can defeat the work of reconstruc-
tion, defeat the will of the majority who do
go to an election and take an interest in recon-
struction and want the work to go forward.
That is the whole question.
Mr. HOWARD. If that is the whole ques-
tion, as the honorable Senator from Indiana
says, 1 draw from it this inference, and it is
an inference in which I shall hope to hava
