1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
tration—two hundred thousand whites and one
hundred thousand blacks. A registration is
ordered by the military commandant in pur-
suance of the bill we have before us. The
two hundred thousand white voters refuse to
register their names, as they have the right to
do. They do not see fit to participate in Mie
proceeding. They dislike the project in tato.
They are unwilling to reconstruct their State
governments or to come back into the Union
as a State, or to have anything whatever to <lo
with a transaction that is intended to unite
them again with the Government of the United
States; and they therefore stay at home. They
hate the Government of the United States, and
they hate equally the black population to whom
the appeal is also made. Notwithstanding this
state of things the one hundred thousand black
voters register their names, enter into an elec-
tion, and adopt a constitution for that State.
Does that constitution rest upon the will of the
majority or upon «,the will of a minority ?
Clearly upon the will of the minority, and that
minority a black population. How long, let
me ask the Senator from Indiana, would a State
government thus constructed endure ? How is
it to be maintained against the contemptuous
opposition of the majority? Is it to be main-
tained by the intelligence and the superior
patriotism of the black population against the
persevering opposition, intrigues, and hatred
of the white population? No, sir. It is to be
maintained only by the bayonet and the sword.
And, sir, I tell you, as I told you here two years
ago, that such an ephemeral government, de-
pending solely upon a minority, cannot sustain
itself and cannot be sustained but by means of
military force, and is but the merest idle and
ridiculous mockery, a disgrace to the nation,
and to the very name of republicanism.
Now, that such a state of things may possibly
exist 
Mr. MORTON. Let me ask the Senator
whether the people who refuse to register and
refuse to go to an election and vote do not
thereby fairly give their assent that the others
who do go may speak and act for them?
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; in a political pro-
ceeding of this kind, and after a rebellion in
which the whole white population has been
engaged, such an assumption cannot be safely
acted upon.
Sir, go on with your government; establish
your Legislature. Who are to be members?
Black men. They may be honest men, and
probably would be as honest as white men;
but in the general very uninformed and igno-
rant men. Who are to carry on the business
of their courts of justice? Black men; many
of them ignorant; all of them more in need of
protection than entitled to the administration
of public affairs. Is it supposed that such a
state of things can exist in this country? I
tell you, sir, it is vain to expect peace and
tranquillity under such an ephemeral, farcical
government as that would be.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Morton.]
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 22, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Conncss, Corbett,
Cragin, Drake, Kerry, Hendricks, Howe. Johnson,
Morton, Patterson of Tennessee, Poineroy, Ross,
Sherman, Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Willey, Williams, and Wilson—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony. Buckalcw, Chandler,
Cole, Conklins, Edmunds, Fowler, Frelingliuysen,
Harlan, Henderson. Howard, Morgan, Morrill or
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye. Patterson of New
Hampshire, Ramsey, Sumner, Thayer, Wade, and
YatCS 2-1.
JiiBSBNT—Messrs. Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, 3?es-
senden. Grimes, Guthrie, Norton, Riddle, Saulsbury,
and Sprague—10.
* So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I now move to amend by
adding after the words that have been just in-
serted these words:
At least three fifths of all the registered voters
voting Apon the question of such ratification.
It will be observed by the Senate that this
question does not raise any consideration touch-
ing those citizens of these States .who are not
registered. If they do not chose to be regis-
tered ; if they db not choose to take the oath
which we prescribe, they are left out as slug-
gards, as stated by the Senator from Indiana,
who are not entitled to any political rights at
all. It is their own non-action that excludes
them. This bill only operates, whichever way
we may fix the majority, upon those who take
the oath and are registered. Now, I think it
right, under that state of circumstances, that
in the important function of forming a consti-
tution in these troubled and unsettled com-
munities, there should at least come out and
act upon the question in one way or the other
three fifths of tlxe registered voters. I do not re-
quire by this amendment, as it has been proposed
before, that any majority of all the registered
voters should vote in a particular direction for
it; but my amendment only requires that there
should come out and vote upon the question
something more than a simple majority of those
citizens who have taken the oath and have been
registered, so as to get attention to the subject,
and get an expression of the public so far as to
require at least three tenths of the registered
voters to vote in favor of the particular consti-
tution. It will be observed that of the regis-
tered voters, as it now stands, only a majority
of those voting are necessary to carry the con
stitution. Now, it may happen 
Mr. JOHNSON. If the honorable member
will permit me, I wish to ask—I am not sure
that I heard his amendment—whether he re-
quires a majority of three fifths ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; a majority of
three fifths of the registered voters.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The amendment requires
that at least three fifths of all the registered
voters shall vote one way or the other. The
effect of that is only to require that one more
than three tenths of the registered voters sKall
vote for the constitution. It seems to me that
is reducing the political quorum low enough.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is very manifest that
under the proposition of the Senator from Ver-
mont "all that is necessary to defeat the_ con-
stitution is for those who are opposed to it not
to go to the polls.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No.
Mr. TllUMBULL. Certainly. You require
three fifths to adopt it. Two fifths may defeat
it by staying away. I understand the Senator's
proposition to be that three fifths of the regis-
tered voters must vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes.
Mr. TRUMBULL._ Then if three fifths do
not vote the constitution is defeated.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Therefore you put it m
the power of two fifths by staying away from
the polls to defeat the constitutiorf.- 1 hope
such a proposition as that will not be adopted.
Two fifths of the registered voters by staying
at home can defeat the constitution under this
proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. My own _ impression is
that the Senator from Vermont is substantially
right in his proposition ; but I would have said
"a majority" instead of u three fifths;" I do
not look on this matter precisely in the liglit
that others do. There is no doubt that people
who will take the trouble to have their names
registered, to file the oath, to go through all
this machinery, ill order to get the right to vote,
will, three fifths of them at least, vote for or
against the constitution on the question oi its
adoption. The very fact that a mantis willing
to subscribe an oath such as we require shows
that he takes an interest in the subject-matter
of the election, and desires to participate m
forming this new government. No man will
take the oath prescribed by the first section ox
this bill and have his name registered on tlie
roll unless he intends to participate m forming
and framing the constitution. The amendment
now offered simply requires that three hlths ot
the registered voters shall take part in the elec-
tion. I think it ia wise for us, as Republicans,
to require this. , u
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask ths
Senator from Ohio one question, with his per-
mission. -I
Mr. SHERMAN, Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I ask if under this amend-
ment two fifths, by staying away, cannot defeat
the constitution, when if they went to the polls
and voted they would be beaten?
Mr.-,SHERMAN. What will be the result
of that? The result will be that they will re-
main under military rule. They desire to •'re-
lieve themselves from that. _ The people who
intend to participate in thi8 movement ar?
those who are earnestly desirous to come back
into the embrace of this Government, to ba
restored to representation, to have their busi-
ness restored, to have their property protected,
to have the various functions of a State gov-
ernment carried on in their midst. If a ma-
jority of the people stay away, refuse to assent
to any constitution formed by their delegates,
let them stay out. I would not give them the
advantage of saying that they were forced
back into the Union against their will. If a
reasosable portion of them will not participate
in this movement let them stay where they
are, under military government.
I think this is a wise limitation. I have
voted with the Senator from Indiana that a
majority of all the registered voters ought not
to be required, on the ground that there are a
great many people who are indifferent, and
many of the rebels themselves will stay away
from voting, and probably will not take the
trouble to qualify themselves for voting ; but
of those who are qualified to vote I have no
doubt that three fifths will participate in the
election on the question of the ratification of
the Constitution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to ask the
Senator from Ohio if it is possible that it is a
right proposition that two fifths by staying
away from the polls can defeat a constitution
which they could not defeat by voting, every
one of them against it? You will teach men
to stay away; that is the whole effect of the
proposition. It is an encouragement for them
not to come to the election.
Mr. SHERMAN. My answer is that there
is no probability of such a result, because every
man who will take the trouble to register his
name and take the oath prescribed will proba-
bly vote for or against the constitution ; or at
least the great body of them will. Some, few
may not; but we have already provided for a
reasonable margin; and now it seems to me
that to require a majority of three fifths is not
unreasonable. If these people are going to lay
back in their position of quiet rebellion and
resist all the movements we are now providing
for them, all this machinery that we are now
proposing to employ for their advantage, let
them stay there, and stay there forever if they
will. „ ,
Mr. JOHNSON. What is to become of those
who are loyal and want to come back?
Mr. SHERMAN. They will be protected
by the Government of the United States.
Mr. MORTON. Suppose there are fifty
thousand registered voters in a State, thirty
thousand of whom are in favor of the consti-
tution and the remaining twenty thousand
opposed to it. If those twenty thousand go to
the polls they will be voted down, but if they
stay away from the polls they defeat the con-
stitution under this amendment by simply stay-
ing away, there not being three fifths at tlio
P°Mr. SHERMAN. I have in my hands a
letter from a man I used to know formerly, a
prominent member of Congress from Virginia,
who became a rebel and went into the war. Mg
writes to me in regard to this very question, and
makes the same objections that have been urged
here so strongly. He says that there are prob-
' ably one hundred and fifty thousand people in
Virginia entitled to vote under the reconstruc-
tion"act, and then he says that probably half
the negroes will, at the first election at least,
