1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151
friend from Illinois must have had a recent
illumination if he now thinks that the amend-
ment which I propose is going to destroy the
efficiency of this bill, because on his own con-
fession he has reported, after consideration in
committee, a proposition which is a great deal
stronger than the one which I now propose,
because he required not only that a majority
of all the registered voters should come to the
polls, but he required that a majority should
act affirmatively for the constitution; and,
therefore, if there was one eighth of them who
voted the other way on his proposition, although
a majority of the whole number acted, the con-
stitution would be lost. Now, all I require is,
folio wing at an humble distance my distinguished
friend, that only a majority shall act, and that
one more than a quarter of all the registered
voters shall adopt this constitution. I am sure
that my friend, having reported in favor of a
proposition of that kind, ought to be willing to
adopt one like this. -
Mr. CONNESS. I feel liberal in this mat-
ter as between the two Senators, and am willing
to concede that each of them is consistent; but
the reason why I have voted on the propositions
that had been before this body persistently in
one way is this: that I believe, so to speak,
all of our friends in the South, all the loyal
men, black and white, who are in favor of this
scheme of reconstruction, will be sure to be
registered and will be sure to vote. Now, I
think that they can be trusted with reconstruc-
tion. I am not willing to put it in the power of
those who are against this scheme of recon-
struction, who were for the rebellion, to pre-
vent reconstruction. That is my reason.
Mr. TIPTON. I have just this to say: that
the more this question is discussed the more
I feel an interest in it, and the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] spoke the demo-
cratic truth when he said that such a rule as
that now proposed, so subversive of the prin-
. ciple of democracy, would have kept a recent
State out of this Union. That is true. You
never required it of the people of a Territory.
I represent .a people who were permitted to
come here in case they could show a majority
in favor of a State organization; and I will
not, therefore, under any circumstances or
anywhere cast a vote by which some other
constituency shall not come here by a single
one of a majority. That is my democracy on a
question of this kind. So far as it is said that
men will stay away and not trammel this op-
eration because as rebels they will not take
the oath, that is not true in fact. So far are
they demoralized all over the South that I
understand their pulpit taught it to be a high
Christrian virtue everywhere that men should
perjure themselves for the benefit of the con-
federacy; and when Mr. Lincoln's amnesty
proclamation came within the lines they flocked
to our headquarters everywhere and took the
amnesty oath, and if they were taken the nest
day they were found with the amnesty oath in
their pockets when they had been shot down
■with arms in their hands. I say that I am not
here to legislate for the rebels of the South
only incidentally as I am compelled to do so
when I come here to legislate for the loyal
men of the South. I have made my position
clear and emphatic in Nebraska upon this
question. I told my constituents there that if
I came here I cared not to counsel with the
loyal men of the North in regard to'how I
should cast my votes on a question of this
kind, but I would come here to ask the loyal
men of the South, and then I would vote to
enfranchise the loyal men of the South, be he
white or black, if necessary for the good of
loyalty in the South, and that I would vote to
enfranchise the African women_ of the South
if necessary to protect the white and black
loyalty of the South; and I have nothing to
take back upon that subject of this kind.
I must declare that a superficial observer
during the discussion this day would suppose
our first business here was to legislate in behalf
of rebels, forsooth! Sir, we went to a loyal
minority when we went with arms in our hands
to release them; and I propose to go to that
loyal minority now, ana a minority perhaps
that would be willing to give as good attention
to the poor remarks I should make as many
of the Senators here just at this present
speaking. I go to that loyal minority and I
say a majority of them, so help me God, shall
control the destiny of their States and the
destiny of the South and the destiny of the
rebels of the South. For four years we have
done without the representatives of disloyalty
in this Chamber; for four years more we can
do without the aid of the disloyal in authorizing
States at the South; and loyal white men and
loyal black men who have lately sustained the
flag of the country will come to our aid in this
matter. I am not willing that the disloyal, by
any classification, by any mathematical calcu-
lation, shall be permitted to stay at home and
assist in defeating the will of the loyal men of
the North. This may be called spurious mo-
rality and philantrophy. I would simply sug-
gest for the benefit of the Senator from the
State of New York [Mr. Conkling] that when
he goes on a peddling mission with his fine-
tooth coombs he may find as much necessity
for them in the purlieus of- the city of New
York as in the humblest freedman's cabin in
the whole State of South Carolina.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Vermont, upon which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted—
yeas 24, nays 14 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cameron,
Chandler, Cole, Drake, Edmunds, Harlan, Hender-
son, Howard, Howe, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Patterson of Tennessee,Sherman, Stewart, Sumner,
Thayer, Wade, Williams, and Yates—24.
NAY'S—Messrs. Conkling, Conness, Cragin, Ferry,
Frelinghuysen, Morton, Pomeroy, llamsey, Ross,
Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey, and Wil-
son—14,
ABSENT—Messrs. Oattell, Corbett, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Fessenden, Fowler, Grimes, Guthrie, Hend-
ricks, Johnson, Norton, Riddle, Saulsbury, and
Spraguc—15.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I now offer the amend-
ment that I indicated before; in the first sec-
tion of the amendment of the committee to
strike out all after the word "said" atythe
commencement of the thirteenth line to the
end, being the provision as to the oath, and in
lieu thereof to insert—
And the registering officers appointed for the pur-
pose aforesaid shall be authorized to administer oaths
or affirmations to persons who shall desire to bo
registered, and examine them- touching their elect-
oral qualifications under this act and under the act
to which this is a supplement.
The necessity of this amendment must be
apparent in order to have anything like a com-
plete and perfect registry instead of a rigid
form of oath to be taken by every person who
applies for electoral privileges under this law.
I provide that these officers may administer all
necessary oaths for the purpose of testing the
legal qualifications of applicants to be placed
upon the registry list. The bill makes no pro-
vision of that kind; it does not arm the officer
with any authority to ascertain under oath the
age of a person or any other qualification re-
quired by law. Under this amendment these
officers could go on and make a registry which
would be in exact conformity with the law.
We avoid the questions discussed before under
this clause.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. The machinery which is
to control the registrations and the proceedings
of the election is not attempted to be put into
this bill. We have not got up an election bill
here, but simply a mode of inaugurating the
election, leaving it to the commanding general
to adopt the machinery. Probably he will
adopt that which is in force in most of the
States to carry out the law. We cannot under-
take here to get up a perfect election bill. This
is not designed for any such purpose, I would
say to the Senator of Pennsylvania; but it is
supposed that the commanding general there
will prescribe such regulations either of his
own conception or will adopt those already in
use in the States where he is in command as
will carry out the bill. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I am not going to dis-
cuss this subject; but as a matter of course
these commanding generals cannot pass laws
especially forthe administration of oaths. They
can make rules and regulations, but they can-^
not enact of their own motion, at their own
pleasure, a code for the administration of oaths
and for the punishment of persons who commit
perjury.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. CORBETT. I move to amend the
amendment of the committee'by inserting after,
the word "district" at the end of the tenth
line of the first section the words:
Of which thirty days' notice previous to registration
shall be kept posted in at least two places in each
township or precmct,dcsignating the plaoes of regis-
try; and books of registry shall be kept open at least
thirty days liext preceding the day of election in at
least one township or precinct in each county or
parish.
I offer this amendment in order to make this
provision more distinct. It seems to me that
under the section as it stands it is' left entirely
to the commanding general to give or not to
give proper notice, as he may choose. If the
commanding general who happens to be in com-
mand of any department desires that there
should not be a registration of the proper num-
ber of votes he may neglect to take the proper
precautions to have the people come out and
register themselves. I have great confidence
in the generals selected to command these dis-
tricts, and in their subordinates, that they will
probably do what is proper; but in order to
prevent any mistake in this matter I offer this
amendment, not with a desire to create any
discussion or delay the passage of the bill, but
to make this point specific, so as to prevent
trouble hereafter. I hope the amendment will
be adopted.
Mr. MORTON. This bill now, as I under-
stand it, contains no requirement that public
notice shall be given of the registration. Every
registry law in every State requires that notice
shall be given of the opening of the books for
registration and notice of the election. It is
required by the laws of every State, so that
every person may be informed by publication
in the newspapers or by advertisements posted
up in public places. It is important that the
utmost notoriety should be given because we
know that there is a large ignorant population
in this country, and this registration might be
carried on in such a way that one half of that
people would be entirely uninformed about it
unless there be some positive requirement on
that subject. We wish to get at the ignorant
portion of the people who do not take the
papers, who do not read; in other words, the
colored people. There ought to be some pro-
vision giving them information as to the time
and place when and where they can go and ba
registered. It should not be left to the discre-
tion of the registering officer or of the com-
manding general. There should be a positive
requirement of law on the subject.
Mr. CORBETT. I call for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLE. I suggest to the Senator from
Oregon to modify his amendment by inserting
the word "public" before "places;" so as to
read : "notice in at least two public places m
each township," &c.
Mr. CORBETT. I accept that modification.
Mr. HOWARD. I am unable to see swiy
objection to this amendment; and if there oe
any I should really be happy to hear it stated
by some gentleman who is opposed to it. It
is perfectly simple in its intention and purpose,
and that is to give notice to all persons inter-
ested in the registration residing in the county
or in the parish of the times and places at
which they can register their names. The ab-
sence of this notification I regard a« a very
