152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
great defect in the bill. There will be thou-
. sandsof persons who without such a notification
will be in entire ignorance of the proceeding,
and will be therefore deprived of the privilege
of registering their names if they should be
disposed to do so. I see no objection what-
ever to it, and hope it will be adopted.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 13 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew, Cameron, Chandler,
Cole, Conkling, Conaess, Corbett, Drake, Fowler.
Harlan, Howard, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of Vermont. Morton. Nye, Patterson of .New Hamp-
shire, Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Ross, Sum-
ner. Thayer, Tipton. Wade, and Yates—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Ferry, Frelinghuysen, Hendricks,
Howe, Johnson, Ramsey, Sherman, Stewart, Trum-
bull, Van Winkle, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—13.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Cragin, Davis,
Dixon,Doolittle, Edmunds, Fessenden, Grimes, Guth-
rie, Henderson, Norton, Riddle, Saulsbury, and
Sprague—15.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. BUCK ALE W. I move a correction of
phraseology in the seventeenth line, of the first
section by striking out the word "said" and
inserting "the act entitled an."
Mr. TRUMBULL. That-is merely verbal,
and I have up objection to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This verbal
alteration will be made, no objection being
interposed. The question is on the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary as it has been amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand that when
the bill is reported to the Senate we can have
another vote upon any question. I shall wish
to ask for a separate vote on the amendment
of the Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Cokbett.1
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands that when the bill shall have been
reported to .the Senate it will be in order to
amend it in any particular.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is impossible to exe-
cute the bill with that amendment embodied in
it, and I was taken by surprise at the vote of
the Senate adopting it. I apprehend it did not
receive consideration. It is utterly impossible
to post up notice at two public places and keep
the registry open for thirty days in every town-
ship throughout the South. "Yon cannot find
the men to do it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which that amendment was adopted.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Oregon.
Mr. SHERMAN. That amendment will
defeat the purpose of the bill. It provides
that before the registration is commenced
thirty days previous notice shall be kept posted
in at least two public places in each township
or precinct, designating the place of registry,
and that the books of registry shall be kept
open at least thirty days preceding the elec-
tion in at least one township or precinct in
each county or parish. Now, as I understand
the bill, the commanding general after the
registration is made has to make his appor-
tionment. The registration is to be sent to
him for that purpose, and he is to examine it
and see that it is all right. Then he makes
his apportionment, and makes the arrange-
ments for ordering an election ; but according
to this amendment the registry books are to
be kept open for thirty days before the elec-
tion. It seems to me this demands .an impos-
sibility. The number of notices required is
entirely too great for every township. The
bill, I suppose, does not contemplate more
thfe three or four places of election in a
county ; but it leaves that matter to the mili-
tary commander.
Mr. TRUMBULL, I will state to the Sen-
ator from Ohio and to the Senate that it would
be utterly impracticable to find three persons
of sufficient intelligence and learning in each
township in all the southern States who could
take the iron-clad oath, and keep this registry
open for thirty days, nor would there be any
sort of necessity for i't. The amendment would
render inoperative the whole bill. It cannot
be carried out.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it be kept in the bill
we must repeal the test oath.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You would have to re-
peal the test oath, or you could not find per-
sons to execute the law. I have been told that
it would be very difficult to find the persons in
some of the counties even, and we were strongly
appealed to by men from the South to amend
the House bill in that respect, and strike out
the clause which requires the registering offi-
cers to take what is known as the iron-clad
oath ; and in answer to that call we did change
the House bill by leaving it to the command-
ing general to designate the number of places
at which elections should be held. The House
bill required elections to be held in each pre-
cinct, and these officers to be appointed in
each; but to obviate the objection that persons
could not be found to make this registration
and preside at the election who could take the
oath, we have left it to the commanding gene-
ral to designatS the number of places of voting,
so that if it were necessary, if he could get
along in no other way, he need have but a
single place of voting in- a county. Perhaps
that would be sufficient in many cases. In
some sparsely-settled counties of the South,
where the territory is not too large, the people
may all vote at the county seat. But the re-
quirement of this amendment to have books of
registry at two places in each township and
precinct would render the bill utterly imprac-
ticable of execution in many of the States.
Mr. HOWARD. The registration, as pro-
vided for in this bill, precedes the election, for
it is not until after the registration has been
completed by the military commander that an
election is authorized. The second section
says, "that after the completion of the regis-
tration hereby provided for in any State," &c.,
" an election shall be held." Now, sir, I want
to know how persons interested in this regis-
tration are to learn where they are to go to
register their names and to take this oath?
What provision does the bill make for giving
this information, this notice which every man
ought to receive under the bill ? There is no
provision in the bill for giving notice, and
there may be thousands and thousands, black
and white, in any county or parish, who are in
utter ignorance of the mode and manner by
which they can register their names, ignorant
even of the fact that a registration is to be had.
Is it not fair that persons should receive this
notice? Is it not the practice in every State of
this Union where there is a registration act to
notify the people of the times and places when
and where the board of registration is to sit in
order to enable them to go and register their
names? Will the Senator from Illinois launch
his scheme of reconstruction in the manner
suggested by this bill, without notice, without
knowledge, a proceeding in which only a select
few would happen to be informed of the nature
of the proceeding? Is this the kind of recon-
struction which he asks? Is he not content
with the other provisions of the bill, that a
minority shall serve as the basis of these new
State governments, but is he seeking to con-
ceal the proceedings from the voters?
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will give
way, I think as this is a mere matter of detail
it can be arranged satisfactorily to all parties.
Mr. HOWARD. All I want is reasonable
notice.
Mr. SHERMAN. Notice is proper. I move
to strike out all after the two first lines of the
amendment of the Senator from Oregon. The
two first lines are all that is necessary, provid-
ing for notice, leaving the form and manner
of the notice to be settled by the commanding
general.
Mr. HOWARD. Perhaps that will be sat-
isfactory.
Mr. SHERMAN. • I propose simply to leave
in the amendment the words " of which thirty
days' notice previous to registration shall be
given by the commanding general."
Mr. HOWARD. Leaving the mode and
extent of the notice to the commanding gen-
aral?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; that is better. In
some cases he can do it by advertisement where
there are newspapers.
Mr. HOWARD. Undoubtedly that would
be much better than the bill as it stands.
Mr. WILSON. I take it the voting places
in the South are as clearly defined as they are
anywhere else in the country.
Mr. HOWARD. But the Senatorfrom Mas-
sachusetts will allow me to say that this regis-
tration is not required to take place at a vot-
ing place in these States at all.
Mr. WILSON. I think I understand the
bill.
•Mr. HOWARD. I question it.
Mr. WILSON. I have no controversy on
that point; but I think I do, and I think my
votes on this question show it, and I know that
the Senator's votes do not show it in regard to
him. The voting places in those States are
clearly defined, and that commah!5er who did
not have the persons registering the voters visit
every voting precinct and give proper notice
would violate his duty, and if the registrars did
not do that they would violate theirs. Their
duty will be clear and plain to go to the places
of voting to give the proper notice and to see
to it that every person is registered if possible.
' After the registration is made it must be re-
turned to the commander, and the commander,
on the basis of registration, divides the State
up into as many delegate districts as there aret
members of the most numerous branch of the
State Legislature, basing the apportionment
on the number of persons registered. After
all this is done he must then give notice of not
less than thirty days of an election to. take
place for delegates ; so that it is impossible to
comply with the latter clause of the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Oregon;
but if that clause be left out I have no objec-
tion to the amendment, because notice of the
fullest kind ought to be given; and further than
that, the registrars ought to visit every voting
precinct to see to it that the people are well
notified and that they are properly registered.
They will appear and vote unquestionaly not
by counties, but in their voting places in that
part of the country, and they will have the-
officers there to register them. If this is not
done, we are not to get the proper sense of the
people.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts, as it seems to me, confounds the pro-
ceeding known as the registration with the elec-
tion itself.
Mr. WILSON No, I do not.
Mr. HOWARD. I rather drew that infer-
ence from what the Senator said; but I under-
stand him now, and he will allow me to go on.
The first proceeding is the registration. The
commandant is required before the 1st day
of September, 1867, in each district defined by
the act which we have just passed, to cause a
registration to be made of the male citizens of
the United States of the proper qualifications.
Suppose we pass the bill to-day and it becomes
a law: it thereupon immediately becomes the
duty of the military commandant to commence-
this proceeding known as the registration in
each of the counties and parishes. This regis-
tration must be completed before an election
can be called.
Mr. WILSON. Before the 1st of September.
Mr. HOWARD. Not only by the 1st of
September, but before an eloction can be called,
for it is necessarily a preliminary preceding
the election, as nobody can participate in the
election who is not registered.
Section two says:
That after the completion of the registration here-hy
provided for in any State, at such time and places
therein as the commanding general shall appoint or
direct, of which at least thirty days' public notice
shall be given, an election shall be held of delegates.
There must be notice of at least thirty days
before the election takes place ; and necessarily
this space of time, thirty days, must intervene
between th® completion of the registration and
