im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 16,
my impression is that it can be maeh better
decided by the convention that may be selected
than by the people at the time they give their
votes. But for the reason stated by the chair-
man, if the honorable member from Missouri
will modify his amendment so as to require
only a majority of those who shall vote, 1 will
give it a Very willing assent. I do not think it
is proper to require a majority of the whole
number.
Mr. DRAKE. I thank the'honorable chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee, and the hon-
orable' Senator from Maryland, who has just
taken his se&t, for the manifestation of a dis-
position to entertain this amendment favorably,
if modified. 1 have no objection myself, per-
sonally to the modification of the amendment.
I have it here just in the form the gentlemen
suggest, differing in no respect from that pre-
sented, except in the last sentence, the language
elsewhere being precisely the same. If that
will commend it to the Senate, I would feel
very much gratified indeed to have it meet the
approval of the Senate, for 1 really think it
desirable.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps the whole had
be^ierbe read.
Mr. JOHNSON. I aslf that it be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
And be it further enacted, That at said election the
registered voters of each State shall vote for or
against a convention to form a constitution there-
for under this act. Those voting in favor of such a
convention shall have written or printed on the bal-
lots by which they voto for delegates as aforesaid the
words " For a convention," and those voting against
such a convention shall have written or printed on
such ballots the words "Against a convention." The
persons appointed to superintend said election and
make return of the votes given thereat, as herein-"
after provided, shall count and make return of the
votes given for and against a convention; and the
commanding general, to whom the same shall have
been returned, shall ascertain and declare the total
vote in each State for and against a convention. If
a majority of the votes given on thatquestion shall
be for a convention, then such convention shall be
held as hereinafter provided; but if a majority of
said votes shall be given against a convention, then
no such convention shall be held under this act.
Mr. J OHNSON. That will do.
Mr. CONKL1NG-. ltseems to methe prop-
osition to require at the election to which that
amendment relates a majority of all the votes
registered is a very different proposition from
the erne we voted upon. I understood the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] who
made perhaps an opposition as successful as
any Senator made to the report of the Judi-
ciary Committee and the action of the House,
to place his objections very largely upon the
idea that the more unanimous a State might
be in favor of the constitution the lighter the
vote would naturally be; and I think he used
the expression that it would be a mere formal
election, a ratification pro forma of something
which everybody favored; but, said the Sen-
ator, when you elect delegates to the conven-
tion, when you pass upon the question whether
the convention shall be held, there will be in
that election enough of controversy to bring
out a large vote on both sides. And yet when
we come applying to that election the proposi-
tion to ask that a vote shall be necessary, which
I undertake to affirm will not probably exceed
one third of the legal votes in the State, we
are told that the proposition is the same that
it would be if we sought to apply it to this pro
forma election to ratify a constitution. So I
understood the gentleman from Ohio to say.
Mr. WILSON. You must not understand
me to say so.
Mr. CONKLINGr. I have not understood
the Senator from Massachusetts to say so. I
only say that at one part of this bill the ene-
mies of this proposition put their action upon
a ground which indicates that in another part
of the bill it would be very proper, and when
we come to that the gentlemen who vote in
that way see no distinction between the case
as we made it before and as we seek to present
it now.
Of course I am not idle enough to suppose
that anything I can say would vary at all the
conclusion to which any gentleman has come,
or would be lik-ely, with the Senators absent
snd the Senators present as they are, to pro-
duce any effect or impression whatever. I wish
to say, however, that if 1 supposed this bill
was to be voted upon here ultimately, with the
Senate composed precisely as it has been since
some of the Senators left the Chamber, I
should look with great apprehension, with a
feeling of great disquiet upon what the Senate
in that event would be about to do ; because
I can conceive of nothing more repugnant to
the idea which, as I understand it, has lain at
the foundation of the action of the Union
party of this country for the last year in Con-
gress and out than the notion apparently in-
sisted upon here that we are to erect in these
States governments based upon the absence
of majorities, based upon the consent of mi-
norities, and that we are to throw away on the
threshold all the opportunities that we have to
erect governments there established upon prin -
ciples really republican.
I want to make but one- other remark, and
that is this: by just as much as we establish
requirements insisting upon a majority of all
the legal voters in a State, by so much we in-
demnify the blacks" and the ignorant and help-
less of both colors against an invasion of their
rights; by so much we offer a reward, an in-
ducement to rebels, and to those unfriendly, to
allow the poor and the ignorant to come to the
polls, and to induce them to do so. Why?
Because they need their suffrages to give life
to the institutions they seek to form. On the
contrary, the moment that at either of these
elections, and more especially at both of them,
we make a provision by which with impunity
the governing spirits in these. States can dis-
pense with the attendance of a majority of
those entitled to the suffrage, that instant we
not only license, but we offer an inducement
to the exercise of all the influences which will
banish, which will discourage, which will hin-
der the poor, the ignorant, and the oppressed
from asserting their rights.
I will take the State of South Carolina, as
that has been used as the favorite illustration.
Is it worth while, when in South Carolina a
majority of all the voting population is com-
posed of those men whom recently we have
disenthralled and enfranchised, to make pro-
vision by which that voting majority can be
ignored and excluded with impunity? The
Senator from Massachusetts says we are afraid
to trust our friends. How strangely he mis-
takes the argument which I, for one, seek to
put forward on this proposition. So far from
that, sir, we seek provisions in this bill which
shall not only make it necessary to invite these
men to take the part which we propose that
they shall take, but which shall render their
participation essential, which shall render the
participation of these black men that desidera-
tum without which the barons of the South
will not be able to establish State governments,
in lieu of that military government and that
provisional government which exists to-day.
For one, sir, I am not afraid to trust these m en;
far from it. I want to trust them; and I want
a provision which in South Carolina will show
the world, when a result has been had, that
these black men, either all of them or a ma-
jority of them, have been allowed to partici-
pate, and that they have participated. I do not
want a condition of things by which with im-
punity the men hostile to them, the men hostile
to* the longevity if not to the existence of this
Government, are a-ble, minority though they
be, in the first place to inaugurate, and in the
last place to consummate the institutions under
which that community is to resume what the
late President called its proper relations with
the Union.
Mr. WILSON. I shall vote most cheerfully
for this amendment. I see a marked distinc-
tion between taking the sense of the people on
the day of the election of delegates and taking
the sense of the people called to adopt or
reject the constitution. The great struggle in
each of these States will be on the day of elect-
ing delegates. There will be candidates for
the convention. They and their friends will
make personal efforts to bring out the voters.
There will be opposing candidates, and the
vote will be a large vote. The real judgment
of the State will be taken on that day; and
I am willing that on that day when the peo-
ple are at the ballot-box they shall declare
for or against a convention.
My objection to requiring a majority of the
registered voters to vote for the adoption of
the constitution was this: I do not believe that
the average of the constitutions in the coun-
try ever received the vote of one third of the
legal voters of those States. If Senators will
examine the fact, as I had occasion to do a few
years ago with some little interest on a matter
m which I had some concern, they will find
that constitutions and constitutional amend-
ments are adopted by a very small vote of the
people. Unless the day of voting be fixed on
the day of a general election, in which the great
interests of all are concerned, the vote will be
a very small vote. Then to give the men who
have been defeated in electing delegates, de-
feated before the people, in the convention,
and in the results of the convention, an oppor-
tunity by staying at home to be counted and
put down the convention, I thought a mistake,
and I think so now.
But," sir, on this question of electing dele-
gates, you will find this whole rebel region of
country stirred to its profoundest depths. There
will be a struggle for the control of the con-
ventions. Let me here express the opinion—
the declaration may be taken for what it is
worth ; it is a matter of opinion—that you will
find the great masses of the men we have just
enfranchised at the ballot-box on that day
voting for a convention and voting to elect dele-
gates who will make constitutions there that
will secure them forever the right of suffrage
and their other rights: and you will find the
secessionists at the polls. If they are beaten
there, if they lose the convention, the natural
resort of these men would be, if you give them
the privilege by staying at home to bo counted,
to stay at home and keep everybody else at
home.
There is to be an election on the fourth lion-
day of April, I understand, in New York, to
elect delegates to a constitutional convention.
There will be a great struggle: there will be a
large vote on that day; but let that conven-
tion meet and make a constitution, and let it
be one on which parties agree generally, and
then submit it to the people on a day on which
there is no other election, and if it brings out
two hundred thousand of the eight hundred
thousand voters of New York it will be a mira-
cle. Ought the great masses who are satisfied
with it and stay at home to be counted against
it? Surely not. Look at the vote in the
States that have adopted constitutional amend-
ments within a few years. My own town, with
a vote of eight hundred, cast but sixty or sev-
enty votes, and the State, with two hundred
and forty thousand voters, cast only about
twenty-five thousand votes on a very important
constitutional amendment, on which some of
us divided and took part against it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What was it?
Mr. WILSON. To put in the constitution
a clause requiring a naturalized citizen to be
two years resident in the State. Some of our
men opposed it. I opposed it. It went into
the constitution. I predicted that it would go
out in two or three years, and it did go out.
We cannot get the masses of the people out
to vote on the adoption or rejection of a con-
stitution, unless there is something that divides
parties strongly upon it and it is on the day
of general election. Now let us have this
amendment. We shall get the vote out on
the day of the election of delegates, and then
we shall get a fair expresssion of the people
who are registered on the subject. I would
rather trust the vote of the people on that day
than trust the vote of the delegates that will
be elsctod.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe the Senator
from Missouri has so modified his amendment
as that a majority of those voting shall control
