158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
be removed from these StateSj and that a State
government, republican in form, officered and
controlled by Union men, those who love the
Union and the flag, shall take the place of this
military government. I.rejoice that the signs
that come to us since the passage of the mili-
tary reconstruction bill are so favorable. 1
rejoice that there are signs that the people
there are moving in the right direction, and
that the time is not far distant when we shall
see this Government restored, when we shall
see men from these States here in our midst,
men who can take the iron-elad oath, for none
others can come. Such men I am willing to
associate with ; such men I want to associate
with; and for that reason I rejoice in these
signs.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator irom
Missouri.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President 
Mr. DRAKE. I will suggest to the Senator
from Oregon, with his permission, that the
adoption of this amendment makes another
amendment in the third section necessary, and
if he will allow me, while the subject is up 
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is what I was going
to propose, to amend the third section.
Mr. DRAKE. I have it prepared here, and
with the permission of the honorable Senator
from Oregon, I will offer it. I move to amend
section three of the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole, which will now be
section four, by striking out after the word
" shall" in the twelfth line the words—
First determine by a vote whether it is the wish
ef the people of such State to frame a constitution
and civil government according to the provisions of j
this act, and the act to which it is supplementary,
and if so, shall proceed to frame such constitution.
And to insert:
Proceed to frame a constitution and^ civil govern-
ment according; to the provisions of this act and the
act to-which it is supplementary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no need _ of
striking out these words and then reinserting
them. All the change that is necessary is to
insert the word "proceed" in the fourteenth
line, and leave the words that are in the bill
as they stand. Those words are there, and it
will bo much better understood, I think, by
the Senators who have the bill in their bands,
simply to insert the words which are necessary
to make the bill conform to the amendment
which has been adopted, than it will be to
strike out a whole sentence and then insert it
in manuscript, which will not be before us.
Mr. DRAKE. With all respect to the hon-
orable Senator, I will suggest to him that if his
mode of amendment is the one adopted it
requires taking out words in two places. It
cannot be done otherwise.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is very easily done.
Strike oat words in two places and insert one
word, "proceed." and you have the amend-
ment.
Mr. DRAKE. Very well; I will agree to
that course if the Senator will designate the
words'to be stricken out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. After "shall" m the
fourteenth line strike out "first determine by
a vote whether it is the wish of the people of
such State" and insert the word "proceed:"
and in line eighteen strike out the words " and
if so, shall proceed to frame such constitution."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. D.oes the
Senator from "Missouri accept that modifica-
tion ?
Mr. DRAKE. That accomplishes it in the
same way, and I have no objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is another amend-
ment necessary to complete this. In the elev-
enth line, after the word "and" should be
inserted the words " if a majority of the votes
given on that question shall be for a conven-
tion, the commanding general," and the word
"he" in the twelfth line should be stricken
out; so as to read:
And if a majority of the votes given that ques-
tion shall be for a convention, the commanding gen-
eral shall notify the delegates to assemble in conven-
tion, &o.
As it stands it would be inconsistent with
the amendment that has been adopted, be-
cause it would positively require the com-
manding general to call a convention, which
he is not to do except in that contingenay. _ I
therefore move that amendment in the third
section as it is printed, but which will now be
section four.
Mr. CONKLING. But we are going to vote
on the question again of making it a majority
of the registered votes, and if that shall be
adopted we shall want this clause to conform
to that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have already adopted
this principle, requiring a majority of those
voting.
Mr. CONKLING. - If the Senator will ex-
cuse me, I intend to move, if no other Senator
does, to strike out those words and put them
back as the amendment was before it was
modified, and if that vote should happen to
prevail—we have not had an opportunity of
taking it yet—then the amendment which he
now proposes ought to correspond with that,
and whether it is put first or last is a mere
matter of convenience.
Mr. SUMNER. I had proposed to renew
the amendment that I offered, to strike out the
word "qualified" and insert "registered," and
also to insert the word " all" before the words
the electors."
Mr. TRUMBULL. We may as well decide
one thing at a time. If the Senator from New
York desires to have another vote on that
question, why not take it on the words I pro-
pose and have it settled here ?
Mr. CONKLING. We have not had a vote
upon it. The mover modified it, so that we
got no vote on the question, and it is the desire
of several Senators to have a direct vote upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sec-
retary will read the amendment that is now
before the Senate.
The Secretary. It is proposed to amend
section three, now made section four, by insert-
ing after the word "and" in the eleventh line
the words " if a majority of the votes given on
that question shall be for a convention the com-
manding general;" and in the twelfth line to
strike out the word " he;" so that it will read :
And if a majority of the votes given on that ques-
tion shall be for a convention, the commanding gen-
eral, within sixty days from the date of election, shall
notify the delegates to assemble in convention, &c.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, I submit to my
friend from New York that if he desires a dis-
tinct vote on that question, perhaps it might
be taken on this amendment, which I suggest
merely to conform to the other, and then if this
is rejected, it will be necessary to change the
other ; and if it is adopted, it will avoid the
necessity of two votes.
Mr. CONKLING. I have no preference
about it. The Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] was going to move an amend-
ment, as I understand, to take the sense of the
Senate, as it might have been taken had the
Senator from Missouri adhered to his amend-
ment as originally offered, but he modified it,
so as to require a majority of those voting in
place of a majority of those registered; and
if it be agreeable to the Senator from Illinois,
I will move now to take the sense of the Sen-
ate upon that question, or after the vote is taken
on his amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Illinois withdraw his amend-
ment? '
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir. I was sug-
gesting to the Senator to take the vote on my
amendment. Why not have a test on that?
Mr. CONKLING. That cannot be done,
because if it is not adopted the Senate will
have to go^iack and take a vote on the amend-
ment which it is proposed to modify, whereas
if the vote is taken on my proposition the Sen-
ator's amendment will follow to correspond.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The only object is to
save two or three votes, if the Senator from
New York will understand my purpose. This
raises the precise question. If this amend-
ment which 1 have proposed is adopted, then
he does not wish to make any motion, for that
settles it.
Mr. CONKLING. Most certainly. There
is where the Senator is wrong. This would
have to be modified in conformity to that,
because it is a preceding section, and you have
two votes, whereas if you vote on this your
amendment will follow as a matter of course.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is very difficult, it
seems, to make myself understood. The
amendment already adopted leaves the decis-
ion to a majority of those voting. That is
already adopted. Now, I propose an amend-
ment to conform to that already adopted, leav-
ing it to a majority of the votes. If the Sen-
ate refuse to adopt my amendment, then we
have got an expression of the opinion of the
Senate that the other must be changed. If
the Senate adopt my amendment, that is the
end, and one vote settles it.
Mr. CONKLING. That is precisely ray
proposition. If the Senate does not adopt this
amendment it must go back, having voted
upon this, and voted upon the preceding
amendment which it wants to modify, whereas
if the vote is taken first on that, this follows
as a matter of course without any vote at all.
It is a question between two votes and one ;
that is all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I insist on my amend-
ment. I cannot make the Senator from New
York understand it as I do. Let us see how
the Senate will vote on this amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. I think I understand it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, if it is in order, I
move to amend the amendment offered by the
Senator from Missouri, so that it will read :
If a majority of the voters registered as aforesaid
shall vote in favor of a convention, then such con-
vention shall be held as hereinafter provided.
I need not state the residue of the amend-
ment: otherwise the convention is not to be
held.
Mr. DRAKE. I will state that it is prepared
in the other amendment just in accordance
with that general idea.
Mr. CONKLING. lam aware of that; still
I must offer it in thii form to be in order ; so
that the proposition is simply now to require a
majority of the registered voters, instead of a
majority of those voting.
Mr. POMEROY. That amendment having
been agreed to in Committee of the Whole, it
is not now in order to amend it.
Mr. CONKLING. It was not in Committee
of the Whole, but in the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But the amendment hav-
ing been agreed to in those very words and in
its present form, I suppose it is not now in
order to amend it.
Mr. CONNESS. Let ns take a vote on it
by unanimous consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We could have done it a
moment ago, but the Senator refused to take it.
Mr. CONKLING. I think my motion ia
strictly in order, for I move to strike out the
words which the Senator from Missouri has
inserted. A motion to strike out and insert,
the amendment having been adopted, not in
Committee of the Whole, but in the Senate, I
submit is in order. That must be so. •
Mr. TRUMBULL. As I understand the
state of the question,it is this: in the Senate,
since we came out of committee, the Senator
from Missouri has moved an amendment which
the Senate has adopted. The Senator from
New York, after it is adopted, proposes to
strike out a portion of it. That is the ques-
tion. I submit that he cannot get at it in that
shape.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not in
order, in the opinion of the Chair, to move to
strike out a portion of an amendment which
has already been agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I will move to
reconsider the vote by which the amendment
