1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
WQ
of the Senator from Missouri was adopted if
the .point of order is insisted upon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. ■ That mo-
tion is in order.
Mr. CONKLING. There was no division on
that amendment, so that the question whether
I voted one way or the other does not arise.
Mr. DRAKE. I very much hope the amend-
ment proposed will not prevail. I think it had
better be allowed to stand as it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Let the
motion be stated before you begin to argue it.
The Senator from New York moves to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Missouri was adopted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. On that I simply wish
to say that the Senator from New York has
avowed his purpose in moving to reconsider
to be to change it from a majority of those
voting to a majority of all the registered voters.
We all understand it. Let us take a test ques-
tion on reconsidering ; those who are opposed
to the change can vote against reconsideration;
and it will be a saving of two or three votes.
Mr. CONKLING. We had better have the
yeas and nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to make one re-
mark. I said nothing when the question was
up before; but I cannot allow the vote to be
taken now without expressing in one word the
ground on which I shall place my vote.
We have just come out from the fires of a
terrible rebellion, and our special purpose
now is to set up safeguards against the recur-
rence of any such calamity, and also for the
establishment of peace and tranquillity through-
out that whole region. There is no Senator
within the sound of my voice who is not anx-
ious to see that great end accomplished. How
shall that be done? Is it by founding your
governments on a majority or on a minority?
If these were common times, then I should
listen to the argument of the Senator from ^
Missouri, [Mr. Drake,] and also of the Sena- ~
tor from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] to the effect
that the government might be founded 011 a
majority of those who actually vote, although
they were really a minority of the population ;
but at this moment, when we are seeking to
recover ourselves from the rebellion and to
guard against it in future, I cannot expose the
country to any such hazards. Let us take the
precaution to found our governments now sol-
idly, firmly, on a majority, not merely a ma-
jority of those who vote, but a majority of all
the registered voters. Then will your Govern-
ment be rooted and anchored in principle, so
that it cannot be brushed aside. How was it
when the rebellion began? Everything was
done by minorities. It was a minority m
every State that carried it into rebellion. I
wish now that the new government should be
planted firmly on a majority, so that it can
never again be disturbed. 1 can see no real
certainty of security for the future unless you
set up that safeguard.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. JOHNSON (when Mr. Henderson's
name was called) said: I agreed to pair off
with the Senator from Missouri. He would
have voted in favor of the reconsideration,
and I against it.
The calling of the roll was concluded, and
the result announced—yeas 21, nays 18; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Cole.Conkling, Conness,
Corbett, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fowler, Frelinghuy-
sen, Howard, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire, Pome-
roy Sumner, Thayer, Wade, Wilson, and Yates—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cameron,
Craain, Drake, Ferry, Harlan, Hendricks, Morton,
Ramsey, Boss, Sherman, Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull,
Van Winkle, WiUey, and Williams-18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle,.
Grimes, Guthrie, Henderson, H*we, Johnson, Nor-
ton, Patterson of Tennessee, Kiddle, Saulsbury, and
Sprague—14.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As the bill is now
open for discussion and amendment, I move
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no; it was agreed,
that that should be a test vote.
Mr. ANTHONY. If we adjourn now, we
shall have all these speeches over on Monday,
and I do not think we can have them more than
once around to-night. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion to adjourn is not debatable.
The motion was not agreed to, there being
on a division—ayes 12, noes 25.
Mr. CONKLING. I now move my amend-
ment. The amendment is that a majority of
the voters registered 
Mr. DRAKE. It is all written in the last
sentence of my amendment, as I proposed it
originally.
Mr. CONKLING. Notprecisely. I do not
want to take it as written in the first place, be-
cause I do not think it expresses the idea._ I
want to move to amend by saying that " if a
majority of the voters registered as aforesaid
shall vote in favor of such convention the same
shall be held; otherwise no convention shall
be called."
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest to the Senator
that he had better use the words "that the
delegates elected to such convention shall not
a^scm 1)10*''
Mr. CONKLING. Very well; " such con
vention shall not assemble."
Mr. TRUMBULL. While the Secretary is
preparing that amendment, I desire to say that
the amendment being changed in this form,
I prefer the bill as it was reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and I think we had
better reject the amendment. It is manifest
that this is merely working in a circle. The
delegates are to be elected to the convention
at the same time thai the people vote upon
the question. Now, suppose that a majority
ot' the delegates are opposed to a convention,
opposed to forming a constitution, and a ma-
jority of the registered voters vote in fajior of
forming a constitution; will you get any?
What is the practical effect of it ? What did
the Senator from Nebraska [Mr. Tii'ton] tell
you the other day? That a majority of the
voters in Nebraska voted in favor of forming
■a constitution, and their delegates met together
and dispersed without forming any constitu-
tion. Nothing was accomplished by it. You
have to act through representatives.
Mr.FESSENDKN. Therewasnoharmdone.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There was this much
harm done: you took a vote, but it amounted
to nothing. Now, we have provided in this
bill, as it came from the Committee on the
Judiciary, in the usual form, that the delegates
themselves shall determine when they meet
together whether it is the wish of the people
to form a constitution and State government
in accordance with these acts, and that ques-
tion will enter into the election of delegates.
There is the safety. The candidate will be
questioned to know whether he is in favor of
forming a government under the act, and if he
is not he will not be elected; and a majority
will speak through the candidate. I shall
therefore vote against the amendment, al-
though I was willing to acquiesce, because
there were members of the Senate who seemed
to attach some importance to it. _ I confess I
did not think there was any considerable im-
portance in it—in the amendment as proposed
by the Senator from Missouri. I thought we
got at the wishes of the people quite as well
by the bill as it came from the committee ; but
others thought differently) and I was willing
to take it if it was left to a majorityvote.
I wish to say that there is one serious objec-
tion, in my judgment, to requiring a majority
of those registered, and if I can get the atten-
tion of the Senate for one moment I desire to
call it to this view of the question. It is desira-
ble that the people of the South should partici-
pate in the formation of these governments.
That is the object ofthe Senator from New York.
He desires to have a majority of the people, and
all the people if he can, participate in the for-
mation of these governments. Now, you aro
holding out to them an inducement not to par-
ticipate; you are encouraging them to take
no part. How ? Because that is the ieasiest
way to defeat the formation of the government
on the part of those who wish to do it. You
submit to the people whether they will ratify
the constitution that has been formed; but what
do you require? Yourequirea majority of all
those registered to vote for the constitution.
Then how are you going to defeat the consti-
tution? What would you do and what would
I do if we were in any of these rebel States and
wanted to defeat the formation of a constitu-
tion? We would stay away from the polls;
and the man who stayed away from the polls
would not only be equal, as was said a moment
ago by theSenatorfrom Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe,]
to the one who moupted his horse or took the.
footpath and Went to the polls, but his vote is
to be superior, because he has the advantage
of allthestay-awaysonhisside. All those who -
are favorable to the constitution cannot go to
the polls. Some will be sick. It will be im-
possible for others to go. They never can all
go; it is an impossibility. Out of one hundred
thousand voters probably you would neverget
more than ninety thousand to the polls. Now,
take one hundred thousand voters and suppose
that sixty thousand were in favor of the consti-
tution and form of government, and only forty
thousand opposed to it. The probabilities are
two to one that your government would fail.
The forty thousand would stay away, and at
least ten thousand out of that sixty thousand
would be unable to get to the polls. Nobody
would go to the polls to vote against the con-
stitution, because a vote would count more by
staying away than by going. Out of the sixty
thousand of the one hundred thousand voters
who were favorable to the constitution it is not
probable you could ever get fifty thousand of
them to the polls. The other forty thousand,
by keeping away as many as they could, par-
ticularly among the colored population, per-
suading them not to go to the polls, occu-
pying them in business away from the polls,
would defeat the formation of the government.
So far from having a majority rule, you provide
by this species of legislation for a minority to
control.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, this ques-
tion has been decided, I believe, by the Sen-
ate in one form. The Senate has decided
that it will only require a majority of the votes
cast to ratify the constitution. But it is now
proposed, in the very beginning of this work,
before the people of the South are fairly
aroused, before there has been much discus-
sion there, to require a majority of all the
votes registered to have a convention. I know
that the Senator from New York, who offers
this amendment, is earnestly in favor of recon-
struction; but I know it will be said out of
this Senate and over this land that this is an
intentional obstacle to reconstruction. Wo
shall be charged with having provided a method
by which the rebels can stave off the work of
reconstruction and continue in existence the
present rebel State governments. That will
be simply the effect of it. We shall have to
meet that charge, and defend ourselves the
best way we can.
Now, sir, I take it that those who voluntarily
stay away from an election thereby tacitly con-
sent to be bound by the action of those who go
to the election. We are doing business on that
principle in the Senate every day. Important
bills are passed here, millions of dollars voted
away, and not one vote cast. The silence of
the body is taken as evidence of their consent
to the measure. When men voluntarily stay
away from an election, because of their indif-
ference, because of their hatred, or from any
other cause, they must be held tacitly to con-
sent that those who take the trouble to go to
the election shall decide the questions for them.
We have a right to receive their conduct upon
that hypothesis.
Now, sir, if we want to provide a way by
which the rebels can put off indefinitely this
work of reconstruction, by which they can in-
definitely prolong the existence of the present
