160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March ;16,
rebel State- governments, the amendment sug-
gested by the Senator from New York will
answer that purpose precisely. Bat, sir, if we
are in earnest about this work of reconstruc-
tion, if we wish to bring it to a termination
within a reasonable time, let us simply provide
—and I am willing to agree to that—that a
majority of the votes cast at this preliminary
election shall decide the question whether there
ehall be a convention or not.
Mr. DRAKE. I was very much in hopes
that this question would have been finally dis-
posed of without my troubling the Senate with
any further remarks in regard to it; but, sir,
I cannot suffer this matter to pass without say-
ing a few words.
, I fully concur in the views expressed by the
honorable Senator from Illinois and the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana. I wish to call
tile attention of the Senate to one view of this
matter, which seems to me to have great weight.
We are legislating for an election to be held,
not among a people who are fully informed in
regard to all matters and can see all the bear-
ings of the actions of different men, but for a
people who have not been accustomed to these
things ; and here is a game of deception which
could be played upon the pbor men in the South
who are not acquainted with such matters that
has not been adverted to. Suppose that the
rebels do not want to vote upon this question.
Suppose they do not wish to have a majority
vote for a convention. All they have to do in
•order to create the impression that there is no
necessity for the men in favor of a convention
to vote upon it is for themselves to stay away
from the polk and conceal from those men the
fact that a vote of a majority of all the re-
gistered voters is necessary to carry the ques-
tion. When they have done that they have
accomplished all. They have told them it is
not worth while for them to go.
But, sir, suppose this view has not any force
In it. then I fall back upon the proposition
which was enunciated by the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilsont] a
while ago, and after the enunciation of which
I was, 1 confess, very much surprised at his
vote to reconsider this amendment, to wit, that
the great point of interest in the election will
be that which is personal. You may take any
election you please, sir, and you will find the
great point of interest in it is always that which
is personal to the candidates who are before
the people; and that personal consideration,
and the desire to have particular individuals
elected to the convention, or to defeat particu-
lar individuals who are candidates for the con-
vention, will lead to a larger vote of the people
twice over at that election than you can ever
get upon the adoption of the constitution.
"Therefore it is that if the people go to the polls
it is almost inevitably certain, when they go
there to elect delegates, a majority will vote for
the holding of a, convention or against it; but
yet it is in the power of a minority there, by
the course that I have mentioned, to deceive
the majority, and induce them not to vote on
the question of convention or no convention,
to keep from them the knowledge that that
question is to be voted upon, and make them
believe that nothing is to be voted for but can-
didates to the convention. Sir, with all respect
to the honorable gentleman from New York, I
consider that this amendment, if adopted, is
one which is extremely dangerous to the suc-
cess of reconstruction in some of these States,
if not perhaps fatal.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will briefly state one or
two reasons why I cannot vote for the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from New York.
I think after we have established this machinery
for reorganization that we ought not so to pro-
vide that the proceedings may be stopped at
any stage until a constitution is made and sub-
mitted to Congress. Now, if this amendment
proposed by the Senator is adopted, when the
question of convention or no convention is
submitted to the people, if a majority of the
registered voters do not vote for a convention,
then all proceedings are forever stopped, and
there is no way in which the people of that
State can proceed to reorganize the govern-
ment without further legislation by Congress.
Now, sir, at the time that .that question may
be submitted to the people they may not be
enlightened as to the advantages of a State
organization. Many of them may feel indif-
ferent as to whether or not their practical rela-
tions with the Union are restored, and they
may not attend the polls for the purpose of
voting. But if this bill so provides that at that
election there shg.ll be delegates elected, and
they shall proceed to form a State constitution,
it may be that between the time when they vote
upon the question of convention or no con-
vention, and the time when the constitution
is submitted to them, they may change their
opinions; and it may be that thousands and
tens of thousands of men who were opposed to
a State organization at the time the question
of convention or no convention was submitted
to the people may be willing to favor a State
organization when the constitution is submitted
for ratification or rejection. Now, sir, these
delegates assemble. Before the convention
meets the people will not know what sort of
a constitution will be formed by those dele- !
gates. Some of them may have apprehensions
that a constitution will be made so that it will
not be acceptable to them, and for that reason
they may avoid the election; but when the
delegates assemble and frame a constitution,
and that constitution is submitted to the peo-
ple, then they may see that it is such a consti-
tution as Vill induce a very large majority of
the people to vote for its ratification; and- in
that way the constitution may be submitted to
Congress.
It should be remembered that we are not
bound by any of these proceedings, from the
initiatory step that is taken, up to the time that
the constitution is submitted to Congress; but
when these proceedings are completed and the
constitution is formed and presented to Con-|
gress, then we have the right to review all that
has taken place in one of these States, and if
in our judgment it is not advisable that that
State should be readmitted, or its representa-
tion be received, we have the right to reject
the constitution and the representation, and
say to those people they shall proceed under
further legislation, such as we may enact, for a
new reorganization.
I think itwill be a fatal step for us to so pro-
vide in this law that at the very first step, when
the preliminary question as to whether or not
there shall be a convention is submitted to the
people, to put it in the power of those who are
hostile to this movement, or who are indiffer-
ent to it, to stop all proceedings, at once to
paralyze the efforts of those people in the States
who are desirous to return to the Union. It
seems to me to be the part of wisdom to let
this proceeding go on. There will no doubt
be more or less irregularity ; there will no
doubt be more or less hostility evinced and
conflict then; but let the proceedings go on
from beginning to end. Do not provide a way
in which those proceedings can be permanently
stopped until a constitution is formed, and the
people can see what the constitution contains,
and act upon it; and then when the constitu-
tion is submitted to Congress, Congress can
determine whether or not those proceedings
have been such as to express the judgment
of a majority of the people. If, when that
constitution is submitted to Congress, it ap-
pears that it does embody the judgment of a
majority of the people of the State, and is a
republican constitution in form, and recog-
nizes the equal rights of all the citizens, then
Congress can admit the State. If such be the
fact, to be ascertained by Congress when the
constitution is submitted, what difference does
it make as to these preliminary proceedings in
the formation of that constitution ? I say that
Congress reserves to itself the right to reject
that constitution if it sees that it does not em-
body the sentiments and wishes and views of
a majority of the people, and ia not acceptable
to them.
I desire to see this experiment tried. We
have passed a bill providing what those people
shall do, what their constitution shall contain.
We now propose to provide the machinery by
which that work shall be accomplished. Now,
let us ^Uow the experiment to be fairly tried in
each one of these States ; and if we are satisfied
when the experiment is tried that all has been
done that ought to be done, let the State be
readmitted ; if not, let it be rejected. These
are my reasons for opposing this amendment.
Mr. EESSBNDBN. It is quite natural, Mr.
President, at any rate it is quite common, not
to say almost invariable, when a man has ex-
pressed an opinion that he is very apt to stick
to it. That is my case; but I do not think it ia
so manifest in the case of some other gentlemen
who seem to have changed front a little. If I
recollect rightly, the honorable Senator from
Missouri, when he first offered this amendment
required that the constitution should be adopted
by a majority of the registered voters. I think
I am not mistaken. He now tells us that if we
adopt his original idea he thinks it will be very
injurious, if not fatal. It seems that he is of
that class of people who are willing to admit
that they can be wiser to-day than they were
yesterday. I believe it is the same case also
with the honorable Senator from Illinois, the
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary ;
for if I am rightly informed, it was understood
by that committee, when this bilj was reported,
that it embraced the idea, not on this particular
vote, but on the adoption of the constitution
finally, that it should be adopted by a majority
of the registered voters ; and yet we now find
the honorable Senator, the chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary, contending most
strenuously against that requirement, and think-
ing it will be almost fatal. I am very glad to
find that gentlemen can so readily convince
themselves that it is possible for them to be in
error. I wish I could.
But with regard to the particular question
before the Senate, I confess that I do not like
the proposition exactly, and yet I am obliged
to take it. I remarked the other day when I
suggested an amendment, or was speaking of
one which I thought I might suggest, that if
the amendment of the Senator from Missouri
was adopted it might render the one which I
should propose unnecessary. That was not
adopted, however, and therefore I proposed my
amendment. Perhaps I should not have ob-
jected to both of them. It struck me then,
and I cannot get rid of the idea, and that is
precisely the difficulty that meets my mind; I
cannot get rid of the idea that it is our duty so
to fix this matter that we shall not have it
thrown in our teeth that by virtue of military
power exercised in these States we have forced
a State into the Union by the vote of a minority
of its people. If this was an ordinary proceed-
ing in an ordinary case, and we were called
upon to make provision for the framing of a
constitution in the first place, and the adoption
of it afterward, I should accede, without the
slightest hesitation in the world, to the cor-
rectness of the rule that a majority of those
who voted should govern ; that that should be
taken as the expression of the will of the peo-
ple. It has been so heretofore, and as a gen-
eral rule, as an almost invariable rule, it should
be so. But, sir, be it remarked—and that was
the difficulty that I wanted to avoid—we sent
to these people a military government, pro-
posed originally for one single purpose, and
that purpose was simply and solely to protect
the loyal people of those States against oppres-
sion, the minority from being oppressed by the
majority. That was the idea, and the only
idea. But we ingrafted upon it a plan for tlio
reconstruction of those States. As we left it,
I would have been satisfied to leave it to-day,
and that is, that having provided protection
for the loyal people, for the minority against
the majority, we should leave them to work
out their own salvation in their own way with
reference to forming a constitution, we retain-
ing the power to judge of the mode in which
it was framed, and the provisions of it after-
