186T.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
we can stand firmly and surely than to be
changing our minds for little things and run
the chance of losing all.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I would
inquire whether it would be in order to move
a substitute for this amendment?
Mr. DRAKE. The question now is on
reconsideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It would
not be in order now.
Mr. MORTON. I will then offer it when it
is in order; but I simply desire to say that I
spoke in favor of this amendment yesterday,
and voted for it a few minutes ago. On fur-
ther reflection, however, I am now inclined to
modify my action to some extent. I admit
the full importance of the ballot; at the same
time I agree with the Senator from Oregon in
his proposition that it will not do for us to
hamper the work of reconstruction by too
many conditions. Let us put m the great fun-
damental condition, for instance, of universal
suffrage, and perhaps we should stop there.
I, however, do not agree with him that we
cannot make a change in regard to the method
of voting so far as the preliminary elections
are concerned. They have not accepted our
proposition; they have taken no action; the
pledge has not been accepted; no rights have
vested under it; and we are at perfect liberty
up to this time to modify or amend the bill
passed by the last Congress, or even to repeal
it. There is one thing we can do with pro-
priety : we can provide as instructions to these
commanding generals that the preliminary
elections, the election of delegates and the
election on the ratification of the constitution,
shall be by ballot.
Mr. STEWART. That is already provided
in the bill, that the "voting at those elections
shall be by ballot in every State.
Mr. MORTON. I shall then vote against
the amendment.-*"
Mr. WILLIAMS. I agree to that; I think
we have that power; but this amendment pro-
vides that there shall be no representation
until the ballot is in the constitution. That I
am opposed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Indiana will look at section five of the bill he
will see it provides for the ballot in the elec-
tions under this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope we shall not recon-
sider.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. With the permission of the
Senate, I will modify the amendment slightly,
because it has been suggested to me that if it
were adopted in its terms it might not include
elections for members of Congress. If the
Clerk will read the amendment as I propose
to modify it, by leaving out the words I have
marked in brackets, the naked question will
be presented of requiring the ballot at all
elections.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ment, as modified, will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Provided, That no such constitution shall be con-
sidered as entitling the State for which it is framed
to such representation, unless it provide that at all
elections by the people the electors shall vote by
ballot.
Mr. DRAKE. The words left out are "all
elections by the people for State, county, and
municipal officers." I wish to leave out those
words.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is so modified. The question is on the
amendment as modified.
Mr. BUCKALEW. It isalittle troublesome
to have the same question recur several times.
I spoke on this particular amendment, or one
similar to it, on a former occasion, and gave
the reasons that occurred to me against its
adoption in this particular bill; and it was then
I believe rejected by a very decided vote of
165
the Senate. I shall not repeat the argument
which I then made. One suggested by me was
that a provision of this kind is or may become
an obstacle to electoral reform, which in my
opinion points either to the abolition or modi-
fication of the system of voting by secret
ballot. I rise now for the purpose of answer-
ing one remark tiiade by the Senator from
Massachusetts, to correct the statement made
by him that the tendency among English re-
formers in recent years is in i favor of this
system of voting ;by ballot. As I happen to
have in my hand a decisive authority upon that
point, I will read it. I read from the most
recent work on parliamentary reform by Earl
Grey. lie says:
" IIow the votes at elections ought to he taken will
also requiro to bo carefully considered in framing a
now rclorm bill. One question, of course, will be,
whether the system of voting by ballot ought to bo
adopted, for it is not to bo supposed that this old
article of the radical faith will be abandoned, or that
it will fail even now to command the support of many
eager partisans. But there aro strong signs that the
more than ample discussion the subject has under-
gone has brought tho majority of the public to tlie
conclusion that the opponents of secret voting have
had the best of tho argument, and the weight of
authority inclines to the same side, especially sinco
it has been so decidedly adopted by Mr. Mill ia hi 
work on Representative Government. It is need-
less, therefore, tor me to enter in a question which
has been completely exhausted, and I will content
myself with observing that even if tho arguments
against the ballot upon pHneinlo wero less conclu-
sive than I consider them to be, there would bo a
strong objection to it on tho ground of the facilities
it affords for abuse and partiality in the conduct of
elections."—Earl Grey on Parliamentary Government
and Reform, pages 203, 251.
And he proceeds then to state a most pow-
erful argument against the adoption of this
principle in the proposed reform of the repre-
sentation of the people in the British Houses
of Parliament. What I rose for, then, at the
present moment was to protest against tho
accuracy of the impression which seems to be
entertained by the Senator from Massachusetts
with reference to the thought and discussion
abroad upon this subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Mcbsrs. Cameron, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
ling, Drake, Edmunds, Fowler, 1 larlan, Howard,
Ilowe, Morgan, Nye, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Wade,
and Yates—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cattell, Con-
ness. Corbett, Cragin, 1'erry, Eessenden, Frelinghuy-
sen, Hendricks, Johnson, Morton, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Ramsey. Ross, Sherman, Stewart, Trum-
bull, Van Winkle, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Davis, Dixon, Doolittlo, Grimes,
Guthrie, Henderson, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Norton, Pattorson of Tennessee, Pomcroy,
Riddle, Saulsbury, and Spraguc—14.
So the amer iment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. FOWLER, (at half past ten o'clock.) I
move that the Senate do now adjourn.
On a division, the ayes were 17 and the noes
22; so the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senate has been occu-
pied for two days in the discussion of questions,
many of them merely of form. I propose now
before this debate closes to call its attention to
one of substance, with which, as I submit, the
best interests of these rebel States and all the
Republic at large are connected. I send to the
Chair an amendment, to come in at the end of
section four.
The Secretary read the proposed amendment,
as follows^:
Provided, That the constitution shall require the
Legislature to establish and sustain a system of pub-
lic schools open to all, without distinction of race or
color.
Mr. SUMNER. On that I should like to
have the yeas and the nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall vote for this bill; not
because it is what I desire, but because it is all
that Congress is disposed to enact at the pres-
ent time. I do not like to play the part of Cas-
sandra ; but I cannot forbear declaring my con-
viction that we shall 'regret hereafter that we
have not done more. I am against procrasti-
nation ; but I am also against precipitation. I
am willing even to make haste; but follow-
ing the ancient injunction, I would make haste
slowly. In other words, I would make haste
so that our work may be well done and the
Republic shall not suffer. - Especially would I
guard carefully all those who justly look to us
for protection, and I would see that the new
governments are founded in correct principles.
You have the power. Do not forget that du-
ties are in proportion to powers.
I speak irankly. Let me then confess my
regret that Congress chooses to employ the
military power for purposes of reconstruction.
The Army is for protection. This is its true
function. When it undertakes to govern or to
institute government, it does what belongs to
the civil power. Clearly it is according to the
genius of republican institutions that the mili-
tary should be subordinate to the civil. Cedant
arma togas is an approved maxim, which can-
not be disregarded with impunity. Even now
a fresh debate in the British Parliament testi-
fies to this principle. As late as March, of this
year, only a fortnight ago, the Royal Duke of
Cambridge, cousin to tho Queen and com-
mander of the forces, expressed himself as
follows:
"The practice of calling ouf; troops to quoll civil
disturbances is exceedingly objectionable; but it must
not be forgotten that the initiative in suck caeesis always
taken by the civil authorities themselves
This declaration, which is confined to a par-
ticular case, embodies an important rule of
conduct, which to my mind is of special appli-
cation on tho present occasion.
By the system which you have adopted .the
civil is subordinate to tho military, and' the
civilian yields to the soldier. You accord to
the Army an '' initiative'' which I would assure
to the civil power. I regret this. I am un-
willing that reconstruction should have a mili-
tary "initiative." I would not see new States
born of the bayonet. Leaving to the Army its
proper duties of protection, I would intrust
reconstruction to provisional governments,
civil in character and organized by Congress.
You have already pronounced the existing .
governments to be illegal. Logically you should
proceed to supply their places by other gov-
ernments, while the military is in the nature
of police, until permanent governments, re-
publican in form and loyal in character, are
organized. During this transition period per-
manent governments might bo matured on safe
foundations and the people educated to a better
order of things. As the twig is bent tho tree
inclines; you may now bend the twig. These
States are now like a potter's vessel; you may
mold them to be vessels of honor or of dis-
honor.
From the beginning I have maintained these
principles. Again and again I have expressed
them in the Senate and elsewhere. At the last
session I insisted upon the Louisiana bill in
preference to the military bill. In the earliest
moments of the present session I introduced a
bill of my own, prepared with the best care I
could give, in wliich I embodied what seemed
to me a proper and practical system of recon-
struction, with provisional governments to
superintend the work and pave the way for
permanent governments. This bill, which I
now hold in my hand, is entitled "A bill to
guaranty a republican form of government in
Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louis-
iana, Arkansas, and Texas, and to provide for
the restoration of these States to practical re-
lations with the Union." Its character may be
seen in its title. It is not a military bill or a
bill to authorize reconstruction by military
power; but it is a bill essentially civil from
beginning to end.
The principles on which this bill proceeds
may be seen in its preamble, which with the
permission of the Senate I will now read:
Whereas in the years 1850 and 1861 the inhabitants
of Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia,
Florida, Alabama. Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas,
and Texas changed their respective constitutions so
as to make them repugnant to the Constitution of .
