1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
169
started out. He suggested that if Congress
had the power to prescribe as a condition for
the return of these States that they should
allow universal suffrage^ then Congress could
go so far as to impose his amendment. I have
no doubt of that; but I did not vote for that,
proposition, and the objection I make to this
was equally strong to that; but I want to ask
the_ Senator when he was considering a bill
which was regarded as a finality, why did he
not propose this as a condition then? If there
is a matter of dispute between him and myself,
and that has to be settled between us as honorable
gentlemen, and he makes his proposition for set-
tlement for me to accept or reject, is it not his
duty to state his proposition in full, and when
I come to accept it, is it right, is it fair, is it
honest for him to say, " I will not do it now
unless you go still further?" If he finds that
my necessities have pressed me up to the prop-
osition which he has made, then shall he in
honor take advantage of that and press me still
further? I believe the majority is bound by
the proposition of the last session. •
The source of authority for this sort of thing
is not found, I think, where the Senator seeks
it. When he says it is found in necessity, that
is a source of authority and power for anything;
it depends upon the notions of each man ; it is
like the Chancellor's foot as a measure of justice
or the Chancellor's conscience, independent of
law and precedent, for the settlement of dis-
puted cases. It is no rule.
The war power, the military power, is also
referred to. What has that to do with the pres-
ent case? There is no war, and he knows it.
He knows there is no occasion because of a
state of war for the establishment of military
authority in any State of this Union. From
Maine to the llio Grande there is peace, a peace
more profound, perhaps, than has ever been
known in the country, anonymous letters to the
contrary notwithstanding; a community that
cannot make resistance ; a community that is
crushed ; a community that is crying for a sup-
ply of bread; a community in which it is said
sixty thousand are likely to die of starvation.
In such a case, it is not generous to press a
fallen foe. No power can be found in the mili-
tary authority of the Government, for Congress
to make a constitution for a State.
I do not intend to protract this discussion ;
I have not done it in the progress of this bill;
1 believe the Senator from Massachusetts has
not; lie has reserved his great proposition,
one that was to startle the country, for the
last hours of the debate. It was to be the
ornament, the dome upon the capitol of this
restoration policy, and his rhetoric was to
be the last flourish in the controversy. Now,
if he is through, I suppose we can get to a
vote, and that will give much more pleasure
than anything I can say. I should like now
upon this bill simply to say " no."
Mr. SUjINER. I have not risen to pro-
tract the debate, but to call attention for one
minute to this question of power. I propose
that we shall require in these constitutions a
provision for free schools. .Have we not the
power to do it? The very reconstruction act
to which this bill is supplementary, has the
following language: "And when such consti-
tution shall have been submitted to Congress
for examination aM approval, and Congress
shall have appioved the same," and after a
great many other things besides that are done,
their representatives may be admitted into
Congress.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask the
Senator a question for information, and it may
save the necessity of saying anything. Does
he mean by this proposition that each of these
States shall appropriate money enough out of
its treasury to support a system of common
schools throughout the entire State?
Mr. SUMNER. I mean that each State
shall provide in its own way for a system of
common schools within its own borders.
air. WILLIAMS. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; but his amendment says that the State
shall "establish and sustain" a system of pub-
lic schools. Does that impose upon each State
the necessity of appropriating from its public
treasury the necessary amount of money to
sustain schools?
Mr. SUMNER. From the State treasury?
Yes.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Then another question.
Does this proposition mean that each school
shall be equally open to persons without dis-
tinction of race or color, that there shall not
be such a thing as a school for white children
and a school for black children, but that each
and every school shall be open to children of
both races ?
Mr. SUMNER. If J should have my way,
according to the true principle, it would be that
the schools, precisely like the ballot-box or the
rail cars, should be open to all. But the prop-
osition is necessarily general in its character ;
it does not go into details; but I submit that it
is important that we should declare this in ad-
vance, so that when their constitutions come
here and are submitted for our approval they
may not complain if we object to them because
they do not provide free schools. My proposi-
tion is in the nature of notice to all these States
that if they expect their constitutions to be
approved they must insert in those constitu-
tions a pi-ovision for free schools.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, it is quite too
late in the evening for me to indulge in any-
thing like protracted remarks, and 1 will only
add a word to what has already been said in
favor of this proposition.
It seems to me that at this time we should
not forget that the people of the communities
for which we are now legislating are accus-
tomed to a condition of things very different
from that which we wish to inaugurate. Upon
their statute-books at this time and for many
years past have been laws against education,
making the instruction of a large class of their
population a penal offense. This view of the
case alone, it seems to me, should justify some
provision of this nature.
The mover of this amendment has very fully
and eloquently proclaimed to us the difficulties
that result in a republican Government from
the want of education. We should all be able
to judge of the advantages of education in free
Governments. It is, as I believe, and I think
I may assort without the fear of contradiction
anywhere, the chief corner-stone of free Gov-
ernments ; and in iny judgment one of the most
creditable acts of the last Congress was the
establishment of a Department of Education,
and I hope the time will soon arrive when each
branch of the national Legislature will have a
standing committee on the subject to take into
consideration this great interest of the Repub-
lic. The national Legislature has heretofore
made liberal grants of the public lands to the
States for purposes of education. We know
that in many of those communities which were
lately in rebellion the school fund thus granted
has been diverted and put to other uses than
that which was intended by the Congress of
the United States. There should be some cor-
rection of this evil, some guarantee that there
shall not be hereafter a violation of the trust
created by these donations of the General Gov-
ernment for educational purposes.
I am warmly in favor of the amendment now
presented, and I hope it will be sanctioned by
the Senate.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I rise to express the
opinion that the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Scmner] is not open to criticism for the
sentiments which he has expressed upon this
occasion, nor for the position which he has
assumed. The former are justified by facts,
which are open and known to all; and the latter
is a necessity imposed upon him as the repre-
sentative of a special class of people m the
country. He says that these States to be called
into being under the provisions of this and a
prior bill will be States born of the bayonet;
in other words, of military power. This figure
of speech represents nothing but the actual,
honest, notorious, indisputable truth. ^ fhe sec-
tion ef country about which our legislation is
now concerned is by act of Congress divided into
five military departments, and over each of these
ia, or is to be, placed an officer not less in rank
than a brigadier general of the Army of the
United States, with power to take jurisdiction
not only of civil affairs, but to exercise crimi-
nal jurisdiction, to institute military tribunals,
both courts-martial and military commissions,
for the trial and punishment of offenders, and
with no limitation upon the power of the mili-
tary dictator set over the district, except that
when he proposes to take life there may be an
appeal to the President of the United States.
That is the condition of things established' by
the act to which this bill is a supplement.
Now, sir, what does this bill do? It pro-
vides in a section of country thus subjected to
military rule the most unlimited, for the organ-
ization of civil governments, State govern-
ments; and how? The military commander
of the district is to appoint whomsoever he
pleases to act under whatsoever rules he may
prescribe, according to his own pleasure, his
own unregulated will, as agents and officers to
execute the plan of reorganization proposed.
And these, his appointees, owing no obedience
to any known law, and without rule or regula-
tion for their conduct other than that which he
shall prescribe, are to proceed to enumerate
the inhabitants, or rather to register the elec-
tors among them, preliminary to, what? Why,
sir, to their exercise of the most valuable and
fundamental privilege of freemen—the insti-
tution of government for themselves. And
for any abuse of power, for any fraud, for any
corruption, for any outrage, for any miscon-
duct whatever, this bill and its predecessor are
utterly destitute of any provision for punish-
ment.
And then what next? After the returns are
made to this military commander he has con-
trol of the assembling of the convention by
which a constitution is to be formed. A11 sub-
sequent proceedings up to the time when the
plan is consummated, so far as it can be con-
summated in the State conccrncd, is to be
under his absolute control. And we are told
in this debate that it will be improper for us to
insert any regulation whatever to prevent fraud
or to cause this proceeding to be regular, effi-
cient, and fair to the citizen. We will not even
authorize these officers, who arc to be appointed
by him, to administer legal oaths for the ascer-
tainment of the most necessary fact in com-
piling the registration upon which suffrage, is
to be based. It is said the military eommand-
crs can make all necessary regulations. That
was the answer given me when I proposed an
amendment, as it was the answer given when
other amendments introducing regulations into
the administration of this system were offered.
Described, then, in general terms and accord-
ing to the plain and unquestionable fact, this
section of country is under absolute military
rule ; and this whole proceeding for the reor-
ganization of civil governments according to
the wishes and according to the pleasure of
Congress is to be absolutely and entirely under
the control of the military power. There is
not one jot of judicial power or authority to be
exercised through any court or magistrate in
or about the whole proceeding from beginning
to end. Well, then, and truly did the Senator
from Massachusetts describe these prospective
States as States to be born into existence and
to take their places among our States by vir-
tue of the bayonet; or, to abandon the figure
of speech and to use plainer language, by mili-
tary power. That he should be called to
account for this language; that the accuracy,
the propriety, fitness, and timeliness of this
description should be impeached, is most sur-
prising.
I rose, sir, in behalf of common reason and
fairness to protest in his behalf—although I
am a volunteer upon the occasion—against
the justice of the criticisms which have been
leveled against him, or rather against his
remarks.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to say to me gen-
tleman that his apology in behalf of the Sen-
