170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
ator from Massaehnsetts is entirely satisfac-
tory.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Then, sir, I will pro-
ceed to the other point; and I propose to make
that equally plain, and I hope equally satisfac-
tory. It has been objected to the Senator
from Massachusetts that he comes forward here
near the close of the debate, at a late hour in
the evening, with a new proposition-; with a
condition, or a guarantee, or a provision,
(however you may describe it,) which looks to
something further, which looks to something
beyond what has heretofore been proposed.
Now, sir, I justify the Senator from Massachu-
setts for this as well as for his description of
these new States or of the manner in which
they are to come into existence. The Sena-
tor from Massachusetts is the pioneer of agita-
tion upon this floor, and he has filled that posi-
tion for years. I have not been an inatten-
tive observer of the general course of debate
and of the general succession of events in this
Chamber and in this Government during the
last five or six years. And, "sir, the proposi-
tions which the Senator from Massachusetts
makes one year and which are criticised by his
colleagues as extreme, inappropriate, and un-
timely, are precisely the propositions which
those colleagues support with greater zeal and
vehemence, if possible, than he, the year fol-
lowing. In short, sir, we can foresee at one
session of Congress the character of the prop-
ositions and of the arguments with which we
are to be favored at the next in this Chamber,
by looking to the pioneer man, who goes forward
in advance, his banner thrown out, his cause
announced; the means by which it shall be
earned on and the objects in view proclaimed
with force and frankness.
Now, sir, the Senator from Massachusetts
sees as clearly as I see, and as other reflecting
men see, that this measure of reconstruction,
as it is facetiously termed, adopted at the late
session, to which the present bill is a supple-
ment, is not the conclusion [Mr. Sumxer. Of
course not.] of our agitations in this country
upon this subject of reconstruction and upon
the relations of the two races in the southern
country; and with that caution which a saga-
cious man is bound to exercise, or at least may
well exercise, he gives us notice in advance
that this gulf is not closed up, that there are
debates and difficulties and questions in the
future, and that warm passions will be abroad.
When the reconstruction bill, so-called, was
passed near the close of the late session, I en-
deavored then, stating my views upon that
subject, to give reasons for believing that it was
not a measure of adjustment. I do not believe
that Congress alone will ever settle this ques-
tion, this sectional difficulty about which we
have had war, and about which we arc now
passing laws—I mean the relations of race—
and it never will be settled until it is settled
by the sovereign people themselves at their
popular elections, when they shall choose to
somewhat leorganize and "reconstruct" our
political parties ; when it shall be decreed by
them that there shall be a settlement; when
they shall begin to choose agents to represent
them pledged to end o.nr sectional disputes
with all the troubles which attend them.
I say, then, that in my opinion the Senator
from Massachusetts stands justified by the neces-
sities of his position as the pioneer man of his
political organization in saving the point of
honor for hitnself for the future, in preparing
himself to point back in future times to this
very debate and to other debates of the pres-
ent session, in which he has indicated clearly
that your contrivances for patching up a hol-
low treaty of peace between the North and
South did not deceive or bind him, and that he
should be at perfect liberty to resume or con-
tinue that career of agitation which no doubt
his friends think useful, but which those who
differ from him in opinion must be permitted
to think pernicious.
The PHKSIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
*ion is ou the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Stjmxer,] upon which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Chandler, Cole, Corbett, Drake,
Edmunds, Fowler, Harlan, Howard, Howe, Mor-
gan, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Patterson
of New Hampshire, Suamer, Thayer, Tipton, Wade,
Wilson, and Yates—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cattell,
Conkling, Conness, Cragin, Eerry, Fessenden, Fre-
linghuyscn, Hendricks, Johnson, Morrill of Maine,
Ramsey, Boss, Sherman, Stewart, Trumbull, Van
winkle. Willev, and Williams—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, Davis, Dixon, Doo-
little, G.imes, Guthrie, Henderson, Norton, Patter-
son of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Riddle, Saulsbury, and
Sprague—13.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole, as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was concurred
in, namely, strike out all of the House bill
after the enacting clause and in lieu thereof
insert:
That before the 1st day of September, 1S67, the
commanding general in each district defined by an
aet entitled "An act to provide for the more effi-
cient government of the rebel States," approved
March 2, 1867, shall cause a registration to be made
of the male citizens of tho United States, twenty-one
years of age ami upward, resident in each county or
parish in tho State or States included in his dis-
trict, which registration shall include only those per-
sons who arc qualified to vote for delegates by the
act aforesaid, and who shall have taken and sub-
scribed the lollowing oath or affirmation: "I, 
 , do solemnly swear, (or affirm,) in tho presence
of Almighty God, that 1 am a citizen of the Stato of
that I have lesided in said State for
months next preceding this day, and now re&ido in
the county of , or the parish of , in said
State, (as the case may be;) that I am twenty-one
years old: that I havo not been distraneliised lor
participation in any rebellion or civil war against the
United States, nor for felony committed against the
laws of any State or of the United States; that 1 have
never taken an oath as a member ot Congress of the
United States, or as an officer of the United States,
or as a member of any State Legislature, or as an
executive or judicial officer of any State, to support
the Constitution of tho United States, and afteiwaid
engaged in insurrection or rebellion against the
United States, or given aid or comfort to the enemies
thereof; that I will faithfully support tho Constitu-
tion and obey the laws of the United States, and
will, to the best of my ability, encourage others so to
do, so help me Godwhich oath or affirmation may
bo administered by a-iy registering officer.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That after the
completion of the registration hereby provided for in
any State, in such time and places therein as the
commanding general shall appoint and direct, of
which at least thirty days' public notice shall be
given, an election shall be held of delegates to a con-
vention for the purpose of establishing a constitu-
tion and civil government for such Stato loyal to the
Union, said convention in each State, except Vir-
ginia, to consist of the same number of members as the
most numerous branch of the State Legislature ot
such State in the year 1860, to be apportioned among
the several districts, counties, or parishes of such State
by the commanding general, giving to each repre-
sentation in the ratio of voteis registered as aforesaid
as nearly as may be. The convention in Virginia
shall consist of tho same nuir.bcr of members as rep-
resented the territory now constituting Virginia in
the most numerous branch of the Legislature of said
State in tho year I860, to be apportioned as afore-
said.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted^ That at r/iid elec-
tion tho registered voters of each State shal l vote for
or against a convention to form a constitution there-
• for under this act. Those voting in favor of such a
convention shall have written orprinted on the bal-
lots by which they vote for delegates, as aforesoid,
the words "For a convention," and those voting
against such a convention shall havo written or
printed on such ballots the words, "Against a con-
vention." The persons appointed to superintend
said election, and to make return of the votes given
thereat, as herein provided, shall count and make
return of the voves given for and against a conven-
tion: and the commanding general to whom the same
shall have been returned shall ascertain and dec-lare
the total vote in each State for and against a con-
vention. If a majority of the votes given on that
question shallbe for a convention, then such conven-
tion shall be held as hereinafter provided; but if a
majority of said votes shall be against a convention,
then no such convention shall be held under this act :
Provided, That such convention ^ shall not be held
unless a majority of all such registered voters shall
have voted on the question of holding such-conven-
tion. ,
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the com-
manding general of each district snail appoint such
loyal officers or persons as may bo necessary, not ex-
ceeding three in each election district in anyfetate,
to make and complete the registration, superintend
tho election, and make return to him of the votes,
lists of voters, and of the persons elected as delegates
by a plurality of the votes cast at said election; and
upon receiving said returns he shall open the same,
ascertain the persons elected as delegates according
to tho returns of the officers whoconductcd said elec-
tion, and make proclamation thereof; and if a ma-
jority of tho votes given ,on that question shall be for
a convention, the commanding general, within sixty
days from the date of election, shall notify the dele-
gates to assemble in convention, at a time and place
to be mentioned in the notification; and saidconven-
titm, when organized, shall proceed to frame acon-
stitution and civil government according to tho
provisions of this act, and the act to which it is sup-
plementary; and when the same shall have bepn so
fi\«ned,said constitution shall be submitted by the
convention for ratification to the persons registered
under the provisions of this act at an election to be
conducted by tho officers or persons appointed by the
commanding general, as hcieinbeforc provided, and
to be held attertbe expiration of thirty days from tho
date of notice thereof, to be given by said convention;
and the returns the&eof shall bo made to the com-
manding general of the district.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That if, according
to said returns, the constitution shall be ratified by a
majority of the votes of theelectors qualified as herein
specified, cast at said election, (at least one half of all
the registered voters voting upon the question of such
ratification,) the president of the convention shall
transmit a copy of tho same, duly certified, to tho
President of the United States, who shall forthwith
transmit the same to Congress, if then in session, and
if not in session, then immediately upon its next
assembling; and if the said constitution shall bo
declared by Congress to be in conformity with the
provisions of the act to which this is supplementary,
and the other provisions of said act shall have been
complied with, and the said constitution shall be ap-
proved. by Congress, the State shall be declared enti-
tled to representation, and Senators and Representa-
tives shall bo admitted therefrom a3 therein provided.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That all elections
in the States mentioned in the said act to provide for
the more efficient government of tho rebel States,
shall, during the operation of said act, be by ballot;
and all officers making the said registration of voters
and conducting said elections shall, before entering
upon the discharge of their duties,take andsub3cribo
an oath faithfully to perform the duties of their said
office, and the oath prescribed by the act approved
July 2. 1662, entitled "An act to prescribe an oath of
ollice."
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That all expenses
incurred by the several commanding generals, or by
virtue of any orders issued, or appointments made,
by thorn, under or by virtue of this aet, shall be paid
out of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Sec. 8. And be it further cnacted, That the conven-
tion for cach State shall prescribe the fees, salary,
and compensation to be paid to all delegates and
other officers and agents herein authorized or neces-
sary to carry into effect the purposes of this act not
herein otherwise provided for, and shall provide for
the levy and collection of such taxes on the prop-
erty in such State as may bo ncccssary to pay the
same.
Sec. 0. And be it further enacted, That the word
"articlc," in the sixth seetion of the act to which
this is supplementary, shall be construed to mean
'"section."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no fur-
ther amendment be proposed, the question is,
Shall the amendment be engrossed and the bill
read a third time?
Mr. THAYER. I desire to move a recon-
sideration of the vote by which the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from New York
[Mr. Coxkxing] was rejected. I voted with
the majority on that vote.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That has been voted on
three times already.
Mr. DRAKE. 1 rise to a question of order.
That amendment was voted upon 
Mr. CONKLING. Not at all
Mr. DRAKE. The gentleman will allow
me to stato my p6int. That amendment was
offered by the gentleman from New York to
my proposition while it was pending, after the
vote on my proposition had been reconsidered.
The vote on the amendment of the gentleman
from New York was adverse to it, and then
the vote on my amendment was taken again,
and that amendment was carried. Now, sir,
I submit to the Chair the point of order that
there can be no motion now to reconsider the
vote on the amendment of the gentleman from
New York until the vote on my amendment
shall be reconsidered.
. Mr. CONKLING. Why not? This can
he reconsidered.
Mr. DRAKE. Bat the first thing the gen-
tleman has to get at is the order in which the
propositions can be reconsidered. The last
vote was on my amendment,'and that vote
must be reconsidered before the gentleman can
rcconsider the vote on his amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is still another
