1867:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
171
point. 1 The amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole, as amended, has-been agreed to;
and that is the end of it.
The PRES 1DENT pro tempore. There was
a reconsideration of this same amendment, and
there can be but one reconsideration of the
same vote. The Chair is of opinion that this
motion is not in order.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to suggest that no
reconsideration has been had of the amend-
ment that I offered. A reconsideration was
had of the other amendment offered by the
Senator from Missouri. This is the amend-
ment which he declined to offer, and there has
been no reconsideration of this. I submit to
the Chair that there is no point of order to be
made upon reconsidering a vote when it has
not been before reconsidered. Certainly it is
in order to reconsider this amendment now if
it over would have been; and it must be in
order once to reconsider a vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Chair is perfectly
right. The proposition of the Senator Iron"
Missouri was voted upon and reconsidered ;
the other was fwmere amendment ,or append-
. age to that, and as a matter of course the dis-
position of the main proposition disposed of
the amendments pending to it. The proposi-
tion of the Senator from Missouri having been
once reconsidered, and that being the principal
proposition upon which the other amendment
was founded, it cannot be again reconsidered.
Mr. CONNKSS. I wish to say that although
being against the proposition of the Senator
from New York, I voted for the reconsidera-
tion to give him an opportunity to tr^ his prop-
osition again in the Senate. It having been
once voted down in committee, and then a
second time deliberately voted upon in the
Senate, and in a fuller Senate than we have now,
whether the motion be strictly in order or not,
I do not think it exactly the fair thing to make !
the motion again at this time. |
Mr. EDMUNDS. I merely wish to say ftn j
the point of order, in reply to my friend from
Ohio, that although we have once reconsidered
a vote adopting a proposition, when we have
again on that reconsideration adopted the
proposition it is just as much open to a motion
to reconsider the last vote as it ever was ; and
we have frequently reconsidered the same
proposition two or three times. The only way
to cut off further reconsideration is to move a
reconsideration and have that mot:on disagreed
to. I do not know whether this vote ought to
be reconsidered. I merely make the suggestion
lest we are led to establish a bad precedent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I really hope the Sen-
ator l'ro'm Nebraska will withdraw this motion
to reconsider and let us dispose of this bill.
We have had two distinctvotes upon this same
proposition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has ruled the motion out of order, and no ap-
peal has been taken. The question is, Shall
the amendment be engrossed and the bill bo
read a third time?
The amendment was ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the final passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 38, nays 2; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Chandler, Cole,
Conkling, Coaness, Corbett. Cragin. Drake, Ed-
munds, ferry, Fessendcn. Fowler, Fielinghuysen,
Italian, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Morgan, Morrili
ot Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Patter-
son of New Hampshire, Ramsey, Boss, Sherman,
btewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Yan
Winkle, Wade, Willey, Williams, Wilson, and
Y atcs—38.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew and Ilendrieks—2.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, Davis, Dixon, Doo-
iittle, Grimes, Guthrie, Henderson, Norton, Patter-
son of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Riddle, Saulsbury, and
Sprague—13.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the bill had
better be printed as passed by the Senate, so
that it may go to the House as a printed bill.
I move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and (at eleven
o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Moxdai, March 18, 1867.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rov. E. H. Gray,
The Journal of Saturday was read and
approved.
senator from maryland.
Mr. JOHNSON. I beg leave to present
the credentials of Hon. Philip Francis Thomas,
clected one of the Senators of Maryland for
the term of six years commencing on the 4th
of the present month. I move that he be per-
mitted to take the oath of office.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The cre-
dentials will be read.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no objection to the
rcadingof those credentials, but I desire to make
a motion that they bo referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The cre-
dentials will be read.
The Secretary read the credentials.
Mr. HOWARD. I now renew my motion
to refer those credentials to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I should
like to know the reason which influences the
honorable member to depart in this case from
what has from the first been the almost univer-
sal usage of the Senate, to receive the Sen-
ator-elect upon his credentials ; and if there
be in point of fact reasons why he should not
continue a Senator they have been made the
subject of subsequent examination.
Before, however, (he honorable Senator as-
signs his reason. I hope to be excused for
availir-g myself of this occasion to say that in
point of loyalty to the Government now the
honor ible member who has been chosen by
the Legislature of Maryland to represent her in
this body is just as sound as 1 am or as any
member of this body. What may have been
his opinions of the causes which led to the late
war, or what may have been his opinion of the
manner in which (lie war was conducted, I am
perfectly satisfied that if he is admitted to his
seat in this bodv lie v. i 11 be found faithfully
performing the trust reposed in liim and ob-
serving in all particulars the oath which he will
be required to lake. He has done nothing
which will render it improper by him to take
that oath ; and I know him so well from a long
and an intimate acquaintance as to bo justified
in saying, and it is due to him to say, that if
he had at any time done any act, falling within
the prohibition of that oath he would bo the
last man in the land to take it. The fact,
therefore, that he is willing, as I understand,
to take that oath is conclusive evidence with
me, and will be with all who know him, that he
has done nothing inconsistent with the duty
which he owes to the Government of the United
Stales. I hope, therefore, my honorable friend
from Michigan will not make this case an ex-
ception from the general rule of suffering the
member to take his seat on the faith of his
credentials, and if there be any grounds upon
which the Senate may suppose or the honor-
able member moy suppose that he should not
continue in this body they will be made matter
of subsequent examination.
The Senate is now about, as I trust, to close
its session; and it may be important, and in
the judgment of Maryland, no doubt, it is sup-
posed to be important, and in that opinion I
concur, that Maryland should have two rep-
resentatives on this floor. The whole effect
of refusing to receive the member upon his
credentials is to leave her, as she now is, with
only one representative here. I make an
appeal, therefore, to my friend from Michigan to
suffer the honorable member to be inducted
into office by taking the same oath that he has
taken and which each of us has taken.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the honor-
I cannot hear the honor-
able Senator from Maryland very properly
asks mo for my reasons for making the motion
to refer the credentials. Of course I am bound
to respond so far as I am able in my present
condition of voice, Personally I have little
knowledge of the political history-
Mr. JOHNSON. '
able member.
Mr. HOWARD. The honorable member
from Maryland will pardon me for speaking so
low ; in the condition of my thioat I dare not
raise my voice higher. It is matter of common
rumor that the gentleman who is now the ap-
plicant .sympathized warmly with the rebels
during the late civil war. One rumor which
has reached my ear is that he performed an
act tending to give aid and comfort to the rebels
during the existence of the rebellion. Of course
I shall not vouch for the truth of these rumors.
Judging from some remarks which were re-
ported in the newspapers as having fallen from
tbe lips of the applicant directly after his elec-
tion in Maryland, I infer, if there be any truth
in the newspaper account of his speech, that
at present he does not feel a very warm attach-
ment to the body as a member of which he now
oilers himself. At all events, whatever may be
the truth of these rumors. I submit to the hon-
orable Senator from Maryland that it is entirely
fitting and proper that this matter should be
investigated by the committee both in reference
to the Senate of which he proposes to become
a member and especially in reference to him-
self. Surely I think if I labored under such
rumors I should be entirely willing, nay, anx-
ious, that the proper committee of the body
should inquire into their truth before I offered
to take the oath and to participate in the legis-
lation of the body.
What I say, Mr. President, I do not say out
of any spirit of unkindness or prejudice in
regard to Mr. Thomas, but merely that an in-
vestigation may be had by the Committee on
the Judiciary and a report made.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, Idonotcer-
tainly know to what rumor the honorable mem-
ber refers in relation to any particular act of the
Senator-elect of aiding the rebels. I can im-
agine that he refers to what was stated on the
floor on Saturday evening, that he had while
Secretary of the Treasury transferred a large
amount of money from New York to Louisi-
ana, in anticipation of what he supposed
would then take place, the rebellion, that it
might be there to be seized by the rebellion if
it should occur. I have mentioned that to my
colleaijnc, and he authorizes me to say that
there is not one word of truth in it. The trans-
fer of funds that he made while Secretary of
the Treasury in 18(50 was of some seven or
eight hundred thousand dollars from New
York to Washington, to meet the necessary dis-
bursements of the Government, and the whole
of it was disbursed here. The-only other sum
that was transferred by his order was a sum of
some eighty or one hundred thousand dollars
from Arkansas, where it was, to New Orleans,
where it was needed, and where it was all
expended before the rebellion commenced. I
have already said, Mr. President, in what I
have stated, that from my knowledge of the
character of the honorable gentleman, his
word upon that subject will carry with all who
know him claims to absolute confidence.
It is possible—of that I know nothing—that
he may have supposed the war might have been
avoided. He was not alone in that opinion.
It was entertained by thousands and'is now
entertained by hundreds of thousands in the
loyal States or in the States called loyal; and I
have no doubt that many of them are to bo
found in the State which the honorable mem-
ber so ably represents; but I submit that that
is no reason for disfranchising them from office.
All that I know of the conduct of the gentle-
man, and I suppose I had better opportunities
of knowing, or as good opportunities at least
of knowing, as those who have started the
rumor, is that he took no part, against the Gov-
ernment during the war. He remained at his
own home in the pursuit of his profession and
