172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
never raised his arm, or as far as I am advised,
raised his voice against the Government of his
country. It is possible (and in that others in
Maryland share with him) that he may have
believed, and doubtless did, that the govern-
ment of Maryland as it was recently adminis-
tered was not republican in form; that it existed
upon the suffrages of not more than about one
fourth of its population. He may have spoken
in decided terms of what he considered to be
the injustice and the unconstitutional principle
involved in that condition of things. In that
the honorable member will pardon me for
saying I fully concur, not because I was dis-
loyal 
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the Sena-
tor from Maryland will allow me to say one
word. I did not allude to the principles of
the gentleman in reference to the State of
Maryland or his connection with Maryland
politics at all in what I said. He is reported
in a newspaper report to have said directly
after his election that the present Senate of
the United States had done all in their power
to dissolve the Union by war and fighting, in
which they had failed, and that now were seek-
ing to attain the same end by legislation. I do
not give the language of the speech, but simply
refer to it; and 1 think that is the substance of
the speech as reported. I think that a very
unkind remark of the applicant if he made the
remark. I do not vouch for the truth of his
having made such a remark. If a man can be
called a strictly loyal man, attached to the
Government of the United States, who holds
that the entire action of Congress in the prose-
cution of the late civil war and the suppression
of the rebellion by an appeal to arms was after
all an effort on the part of Congress to destroy
and dissolve the Union, then I have lost my
knowledge of the meaning of language. A
man who thinks that all our legislation for the
prosecution of the late war was in hostility to
the Government and to the Union cannot be
held to be a strictly loyal man. Now, sir, it
seems to me that the honor and the reputation
of the applicant himself are concerned in the
investigation of that one particular fact if there
be no more. Did he say so, or did lie not say so ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I know nothing of the
speech to which my friend refers; I have not
seen it; but what I do know is that in the letter
accepting his nomination there will be found
nothing at all inconsistent with what will be
his duty to the Senate if he becomes a member,
or his duty to the country; and I therefore
send that letter to the desk, and ask that it be
read.
The Secretary read as follows : ■
Annapolis, March 10,1867.
Gentlemen: I have had the honor to receive your
joint loiter of tho l'2th instant, informing me of my
election by tho General Assembly as a Senator of the
United States for the term of six years from the 4th
of March instant.
I receive this evidence of the confidence of the rep-
resentatives of the people of Maryland with profound
gratitude; and in accepting the distinguished honor
conferred upon me, I beg to offer the assurance that
in the new sphere of service to which I am about to
be removed I shall spare no effort to serve my native
State with fidelity and zeal, and with a determined
purpose to maintain unimpaired all her rights as a
coequal sovereign member of the Federal Union.
The country, as all are aware, is at this moment
surrounded by embarrassments from which there are
few persons who can discover an avenue of escape.
The union of the States as it came from the hands
of its authors is, this day, disrupted by the absence
of ten of its members from the Federal councils, and
tho lovers of free government are looking with in-
tense anxiety for a change in the condition of our
internal relations. There are many who despair of
early relief; but judging from the known patriotism
of the groat masses of the people of the North and
West, as well as tho deep-seated love of a common
country which animates the hearts of tho represent-
ative men of those great sections, in and out of Con-
gress, I cannot allow myself to believe that the work
of restoration will be delayed to any very remote
or indefinite) period of time.
Reason will, X trust, soon resume her empire over
the minds of men of all sections, and the passions
engendered by tho late civil strife will so far subside
as to give full play to that "sober second thought"
under the influence of which our beloved country lias
been more than onee rescued from impending perils.
Influenced by such hopes and desires, I shall re-
pair to tho scatol Government with undoubtmg con-
fidence that at no distant day the Union of our fathers
will be restored in all its integrity, and that our
country will resume the career of greatness and power
which, under the guidance of wisdom and patriotism,
surely is its manifest destiny.
I have the honor to be, with great respect, your
obedient servant, _ „ „
P1I1LTP E. THOMAS.
Lieutenant Governor Cox, President of the- Senate,
and Oliver Millek, Esq., Speaker of the House of
Delegates.
Mr. JOHNSON. Now, Mr. President,. I
submit to the honorable member and the Sen-
ate that the gentleman who could write a letter
of that kind is not one from whom the coun-
try is to apprehend any danger; on tlie con-
trary, that it proves him to be in all respects
our equal in loyalty to the Union. I hope,
therefore, that my friend will not continue to
think it his duty—a feeling that I am sure
animated him in making the proposition—to
persevere in his resolution to have these
credentials referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary. If we are to be responsible for
newspaper reports of what we may say, often
written by those who are inimical to us person-
ally, and more often politically, there is not one
of us who would bear tho test of examination;
or rather, to speak more correctly, there is
not one of us who ought not to be sent to some
committee for the purpose of having our loy-
alty investigated. If the honorable member
is permitted to take his seat, I know him well
enough to be assured—and I cannot too often
repeat it—that he will be faithful to the duty
which will then be upon him, arid that if upon
examination, if any should be made thereafter
into his conduct during the war J any fact should
bo established showing that he would be an
unworthj' member of this body, there is no one
upon the floor who would more certainly and
more promptly vote him out of the Chamber.
But I share in no such apprehension. Know-
ing the man now for some twenty odd years, I
know that his word will be as sacred as the
word of any member of this body; that his
oath will be as sacredly kept as the oath will
be kept of any member of this body. And I
ask, therefore, in the name of justice and in
behalf of my State, that in this preliminary
mode (not departing from the almost univer-
sal usage) he shall be permitted to take the
oath, and that the investigation, if any shall
be deemed necessary, may hereafter be made.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, there is a ques-
tion in this ease which I think it is eminently
proper that the Judiciary Committee should
inquire into. It is claimed by men in the State
of Maryland whose loyalty has never been ques-
tioned, men who have been active in defense
of the Union while others have been passive at
least, that the election at which the present
Legislature of Maryland was elected, which
has performed the high duty of sending a Sen-
ator here, was a palpable fraud upon the ex-
isting laws of Maryland. The Union people,
at least some of them who have conferred with
me upon the subject, assert that fact. They
say that they had a law standing upon their
statute-book which prevented all persons who
had aided or sympathized with the rebellion
from voting at their elections; but at the last
election that law by some operation was disre-
garded, and persons of all kinds, those who
had been engaged in rebellion and sympa-
thizers with it, were permitted to vote, and by
their votes the Legislature was elected that has
sent here this gentleman as Senator. If that
be true, it seems to me eminently proper that
the Judiciary Committee should inquire whether
any act that Legislature performed, so far as it
affects this body, can be regarded as binding.
I am informed of another thing which- the
honorable Senator from Maryland will be pre-
pared to answer in a moment if the applicant
is here, that when he resigned from Mr. Bu-
chanan's Cabinet a short time before the rebel-
lion broke out in its fury he said in letters
that he was forced to leave from the fact that
he could not concur in the propriety of any
attempt to reenforce Fort Sumter, or words
to that effect, in which he denied entirely the
power of coercion. If that be true, it shows
certainly what he was then. If that be not
true, the Judiciary Committee in one hour can
say so.
Again, it is charged by some—whether it is
true I know not—it has been already denied by
the honorable Senator from Maryland—that a
large amount of money was transferred by the
then acting Secretary of the Treasury from some
point to New Orleans that was there seized for
the confederate government; that the time the
money was sent it was a well-known fact that
there was no one in power in the city of New
Orleans but those who sympathized with the
effort to secede, and that that money was there
seized.
I say again that as to the truth of these
things I know not, but they are matters of
public report. If they are true, if he has done
these things, it seems to me they disqualify him
from taking a seat in this body. If they are
not true, it is certainly due to the gentleman
himself that a report of the proper committee,
which can soon be made, should disabuse the
public mind in regard to them. I do not know
anything of those things myself; but I do know
that many of the most prominent citizens of
Maryland who have all the time enjoyed the
confidence of the loyal people of that State
are not willing that this applicant should be
admitted to a seat without investigation.
Now, sir, I have discharged my duty. I
know the Senator from Maryland says we can
investigate these things afterward and act then,
but I hardly think if the applicant be once
admitted that would be done in this hour of
forgiveness, this hour of good feeling. It
seems fo me that we should know the truth of
these things before he is admitted. If he is a
proper man certainly he should be admitted ;
if improper, he should be rejected. The com-
mittee will very soon be enabled to judge from
the facts whether he has sympathized with re-
bellion to such an extent as to disqualify him
for a seat in this body.
•Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, if I under-
stood the honorable Senator from Maryland
in his opening remarks in regard to this mat-
ter, he was guarded in the expression which
he made concerning the applicant now for
admission into this body. 1 understood the
honorable Senator from Maryland to say that
there was no question as to the loyalty now
of the gentleman whose credentials have been
presented here this morning. I should like
to know from the honorable Senator from
Maryland whether I understood him correctly ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I beg the Senator's par-
don. I did not hear his question.
Mr. DRAKE. I stated that I understood
the honorable Senator from Maryland, in his
opening remarks upon this subject, to say that
there was no question about the loyalty to the
Government now of the gentleman whose cre-
dentials have been presented.
Mr. JOHNSON. I did.
Mr. DIJAKE. I would call the attention
of the Senate to that guarded form of expres-
sion on the part of the honorable Senator from
Maryland. The gentleman whose credentials
have been presented may be loyal now and
may have been very disloyal in time past. I
think that the very expression used by the
honorable Senator from Maryland is one which
justifies the reference of these credentials to
the committee.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will reply to the ques-
tion of the honorable member from Missouri
in a moment. I do not know that the honor-
able member from Nevada heard me when I
said that the charge made against the Senator-
elect of transferring funds to New Orleans in
anticipation of the rebellion is positively de-
nied.
Mr. NYE. I stated in the remarks I made
that that charge was denied.
Mr. JOHNSON. Now, in relation to what
may have been the conduct of the Matyland
Legislature, my friend will pardon me for say-
ing that over the Legislature of Maryland this
body has no jurisdiction. It would be a dan-
gerous, a most dangerous principle, to hold
that it is in the power of Congress to supervise
