1887.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
the deliberations of the State governments.
To do so now may answer the purpose of a
party, but it will be pregnant with mischief.
The time may come when the propriety of the
legislation of Nevada may be called in ques-
tion ; she may be charged with disloyalty as
evinced by the deliberations of her legislative
body, and in that way her Senators may be
evicted from this floor, or at least new Sena-
tors who may be elected in their placo not re-
ceived. Within the limits of the Constitution
the States are absolutely independent of the
General Government; and it is the privilege
of every man in every State to comment freely,
boldly, upon the conduct of any party who may
be in power; and as illustrating the necessity
and the wisdom of permitting that license, per-
mit me to say to the honorable member that
he has indulged in it more than once in rela-
tion to a coordinate department of this Gov-
ernment. He has over and over again assailed
the motives of the Executive. He did it in the
exercise of his undoubted right; but in doing
so he manifested-no disloyalty within the mean-
ing of that term as known to the Constitution;
and the honorable member from Michigan, by
whom this motion has been presented to the
Senate, has done the same thing over and over
again: and 1 claim the right, whenever 1 shall
deem it my duty to do so, to comment, freely
and courteously upon the conduct of every
department of the Government, legislative,
judicial, or executive. We shall cease to be
freemen when we hold ourselves bound to
speak in bated breath of the conduct of any
branch of the Government. It is only by dis-
cussion, free and unrestrained, that the liberties
of the country can be sustained by restraining
every department of the Governmeftt from tres-
passing beyond the limits of its constitutional
power; and if, therefore, Maryland or the gen-
tleman in whose behalf I am now speaking has
at any time questioned the conduct of any de-
partment of this Government in proper terms,
it was but the exercise of a right common to
the citizens of Nevada, and a right which the
honorable member himself in the instance to
which I have adverted has more than once ex-
ercised.
Now, sir, in relation to the question of the
honorable member from Missouri, permit me
to say to him that to impeach the loyalty of
any member of this body upon a rumor of
former disloyalty may involve us all more or
less in trouble. I have heard it said of mem-
bers elsewhere, to say nothing of-those here, •
that in the beginning of the rebellion tliey
shared in the opinions of the South; they
believed either that the South possessed the
right to leave the Union because of the right
to secede, or they believed that the treatment
the South had received from the northern
States was such as to justify leaving it as a
revolutionary right. But I listen to no such
reports. It is sufficient for me, if there be
any member of this body who may have been
included in any such reports, to know that he
is willing to take that oath, and that after tak-
ing it he fulfills the duty which the oath im-
poses.
Permit me also to say, in answer to the spe-
cial question of the honorable member from
Missouri, that he has altogether misunderstood
me. I stated that in relation to the present
loyalty of my colleague I supposed no one would
doubt : but did I mean to say by that that he
had all through our troubles been disloyal?
Did the honorable member not hear me when
I said that he was willing to take that oath, and
that I knew he would forfeit his life rather than
take it unless he could take it with a clear con-
science ? And if he can take that oath with a
clear conscience, he is as loyal as the honorable
member from Missouri is or ever was, or as
the honorable member from Nevada is or ever
was. In relation to opinions preliminary to
the outbreak of the war, and in relation to opin-
ions expressed during its progress, there are to
be found differences everywhere. Many sternly
loyal, to be found in the Army as well as. in
civil life, were of opinion that the war might
havebeen-avoided, and were of opinion that, the
war upon us, it might have been conducted in
a way more likely to achieve its object—the
restoration of the Union; and many are now
of opinion that Congress, having in 1861 de-
clared that the war was waged for the simple
object of effecting a restoration of the States
with all their rights unimpaired, it has in that
respect not been true to its plighted faith; but
does that prove disloyalty? As well might it be
alleged that I and those who have concurred with
me in differing from the honorable member from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sdmner] in relation to
some of the propositions which from time to
time he has laid upon the table were disloyal.
I never charged or believed that the honorable
member from Massachusetts, in offering his
propositions from time to time, which, as I
thought warred against the rights of the States
that had been in rebellion, was disloyal; and I
am sure he will do me the justice to say that he
never supposed that in resisting them I showed
any want of loyalty. Upon both sides there
was an honest difference of opinion ; and with-
out knowing what my colleague may have said
from timeto time in relation to the causes which
pioduced the war, or in relation to the mode
in which the war was conducted, I can say this,
as I think, with a perfect conviction of its
truth, that he has never uttered a word which
can bo tortured into disloyalty in the sense
which I understand that term bears constitu-
tionally. 1 am not seeking in his behalf, and
he would repudiate it if I attempt it, to avoid
an investigation. I only assume, not in his
behalf, but in behalf of my State, that he shall
be permitted to qualify upon his credentials,
and then he, I am sure, will desire that the
fullest investigation shall be made.
The honorable member from Nevada has
brought another charge upon rumor, which I
never before heard ; that in resigning his post
as Secretary of the Treasury, he did it upon the
ground, and so stated in his letter, that he did
not concur with what was then understood to
be the determination of President Buchanan to
succor Port Sumter. He tells me that that is
wholly unfounded. There is no such a word to
be found in liis letter, and he resigned merely
because, as he believed, the President was
about to interfere with the customs in a way
not authorized by the law of the land, to collect
them outside, without statute, an opinion which
was entertained by all the law officers of the
Government at the time when the rebellion
broke out; and we passed a law to enable it to
be done. But neither in that letter, as I am
advised, nor in anything that he has ever writ-
ten can there be found any evidence at all that
he is not as loyal as either of us.
Mr.. NYE. The great point of difference
between the party with which the distinguished
Senator acts and myself on this subject has been
that that party has contended that each House
of Congress had a right to investigate for itself
and determine for itself the propriety of ad-
mitting or rejecting any member that presented
himself for admission to either body. The
honorable Senator has spoken several times
upon that subject, and if it was possible for me
to be convinced, I should certainly have been
convinced under his reasoning. Now, the time
arrives for the application of thfe theory for
which he and those who act with him have con-
stantly contended when wc come to investigate
the propriety of the admission of a member
from Maryland, and very much to my surprise
the honorable Senator opposes it. He says
admit him first and investigate afterward. To
that theory I desire simply to enter my dissent.
The honorable Senator from Maryland can-
not expect me to stand here as an accuser and
vouch for the truth of what I have brought for-
ward. I have never in my life seen this gen-
tleman, and I never heard of him except as
Secretary of the Treasury; but I repeat that
upon the theory on which this Senate is di-
vided, the honorable Senator from Maryland is
estopped from taking the position which he now
assumes. How often have we heard it offered,
not only from him but others, that each House
should judge for itself of the elections, qualifi-
cation, and returns of its members. When
judge? When the application is submitted.
I simply desire to say, that good loyal men
of Maryland say to me that they desire the
privilege ot appearing before this committee
to show that this man was not only disloyal
before the rebellion broke out, but that he has
sympathized warmly with it throughout. I do
not know whether that is true or not, but I do
know that these men who have stood like a.
breakwater between the lashing wases of rebel-
lion and saved to us temporarily the State of
Maryland are at least entitled at the hands of
this body to a fair investigation into the sup-
posed charges that may be made. That is all
I ask, all I require. I think that is right.
When the honorable Senator from Maryland
says that Nevada's Legislature may be inquired
into, the remark has no terror for me. I am
ready for it. I claim that it is entirely proper
for this body to inquire what are the proceed-
ings of a Legislature that has sent a member to
this body. We inquired lastyear into the pro-
ceedings of the Legislature of the State of
New Jersey, and the result of that inquiry was
that the sitting member in that, case was de-
cided not to be entitled to his seat. The only
difference between that ease and this is that
he was permitted to take the oath and take his
seat, and then the Senate on investigation held
that he was not entitled to retain it. In that
case as in this, however, the action of the
Legislature was investigated. Does the hon-
orable member from Maryland mean to say
that if the conductofthat Legislature was fraud-
ulent and this election was the result of that
fraud, it would not be proper for this body to
inquire into it and so declare? If he yields that
point, I insist upon it the next follows, and if
that Legislature was fraudently elected, and the
fruit of that fraud was the sending of a man
illegally to this body, we have aright to inquire
into it.
The honorable Senator from Maryland will
not deny the fact that upon the statute-book
of Maryland, until it was recently repealed by
this Legislature, if indeed it has been repealed,
there was a law that forbad^ the voting at their
elections of rebels and rebel sympathizers.
That law, I repeat, if common rumor, if the
reports of the papers, if the assertions of rep-
resentative men from Maryland, whose word
the honorable Senator would not disparage
here or elsewhere, are to be believed, has been
utterly disregarded; and men who have worn
the rebel uniform, and stepped to the music of
anything but Yankee Doodle or Hail Colum-
bia, controlled the late election in Maryland,
and the fruit of it is that they have sent here,
as the loyal men claim, a man who deeply
sympathized with the rebellion.
Now, it seems to me that it is entirely
proper, ay, more, it amounts to a solemn
duty on the part of this body to inquire whether
or not this is true. I hope this reference will
be made in justice to Maryland, in justice to
the applicant, and in justice to this body itself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I was
not fortunate enough to hear all the remarks
which were made by the Senator from Michi-,
gan, [Mr. Howard,] who, I believe, raised
this objection. There may be something more
specific in his objection that led him to
make the motion to have these credentials re-
ferred than I am aware of. I am certainly
opposed to allowing any person to take or oc-
cupy a seat in this body who is an enemy of
his country, or who participated in the late
rebellion by giving it aid and comfort or in
any other way. But, sir, while that is so, I
do' not think it is the business of this body to
inquire into the political opinions of gentle-
men who are elected by the several States as
members of the Senate.' The States exercise
their own judgment in making selections for
representatives here ; and while I deny that
they have a right to send here an enemy of
the country, or one who has participated in
rebellion against the country, and think we
have the right to object upon the threshold and
