174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
to exclude from'this body any such personal
do not know what there is in this case that
should justify the motion which I believe the
Senator from Michigan made as to these cre-
dentials. What is it? is there any specific
charge ? I do not understand that there is.
It is said that this gentleman's polities are
not right. There are a great many men whose
political opinions are not right. I think my
friend from Nevada said that this body had a
.right under the Constitution, in judging of the
election, qualifications, and returns of its mem-
bers, to decide upon the propriety of admit-
ting a member. Sir, it may have the power;
but it has no right to decide on '.he propriety
of admitting a member. There is no such
right vested in the Senate, and it would be tin
abuse of its power in its discretion to admit
members to this body. We are bound by the
Constitution which we have sworn to support
to admit members who come here possessing
the qualifications required by that instrument.
Though we might have the power to violate
our oath and our duty to the Constitution, we
should have no right to do it. We do not
judge of the propriety of sending a particular
person here.
But, sir, if this question is referred to the
committee, what is there for the committee to
investigate? I should like to know from my
" honorable friend from Michigan or Nevada.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Legislature of Mary-
land !
Mr. TRUMBULL. Investigate the Legis-
lature of Maryland! -That would be taking a
step that has never been taken in this body.
Maryland is recognized as one of the States of
this Union, having an equal right with the
State of Nevada to send Senators here ; and
what would my good friend from Nevada have
said if. when his credentials were presented
the other day and read, which we were all so
much pleased to hear, some person 'had risen
and said that he had seen it intimated in a
Nevada paper that the Legislature of Nevada
was not properly elected, that there was some
man holding a seat in it who ought not to have
been declared elected because he got some
illegal votes, and that we should have left our
friend from Nevada upon the threshold of the
Senate until we inquired whether anybody in
the mining districts of Nevada hunting after
gold had voted when he ought not to have'i
voted. I should not have been willing to do
without the services of my friend here while
that investigation was going on. [ should have
thought we had better admit him notwithstand-
ing any such suggestion of anybody.
Now, sir, it will not do to assume the posi-
tion that every person who disagrees with us
politically is an enemy of his country. It is
one thing to disagree about the mode and man-
ner of maintaining the Union, one thing to dif-
fer about the proper mode of prosecuting the
war, one thing to differ as to the best mode of
putting down the rebellion, and another thing
to join the enemies of the country to destroy
the Union. There was a great difference of
opinion all over this country on these points.
I am not for entering into any investigation to
.inquire whether this man was right in his opin-
ions or not. If there is any specific charge
presented by the Senator from Michigan or the
Senator from Nevada upon his responsibility
here as a Senator that the gentleman whose cre-
dentials are presented has been engaged with
the enemies of the country to overthrow the
Government, if either Senator will make that
statement, I will join with him to go into this
investigation, a.nd if the facts sustain the charge
i shall be in favor not only of referring the
credentials, but of denying him a seat, and if
ho were in his seat I would vote to turn him
out on such a state of facts being established.
But I do not understand that any such alle-
gation is made. I do not know what the com-
mittee is to do when the credentials are re-
ferred. I understand that this gentleman pro-
poses—and if he does not do it he cannot take his
seat—to go to your table, sir, and, appealing to
the sapreme Ruler of all for the truth of what
he says, declare that he has taken no part in
this rebellion, and has given it no aid or com-
fort. Prima fade, at least, if he does that he
is entitled to his seat. Now, is there anything
before us to overcome the prima facie case?
Is there anything presented to us to show that
this is untrue? If so, what is it? It seems to
me that our plain duty upon the presentation
of these credentials is to allow the gentleman
to be sworn as a member of the body, unless
there is something to overcome the prima
facie case which is in his favor. He is cer-
tainly entitled to be sworn in unless there is
something to satisfy us beyond mere news-
paper rumor, beyond mere suggestion, some-
thing that is tangible and strikes us as a mat-
ter of truth, of public notoriety, or some record
evidence that might be presented here at the
threshold which should overcome this prima
facie case ar.d make it proper to investigate
the matter in the first instance.
As a general rule, Mr. President, all persons
having regular credentials are admitted, not
only in this, but in all legislative bodies, I
thinlc, in the first instance to-be sworn in as
members. It is only in a very few instances
that that rule has been departed from in this
body ; and in those instances it has only been
departed from upon evidence submitted at the
time the objection was made showing that
there was reasonable ground to suppose that
the party was not entitled to his seat. It has
never been done, I think, under any other cir-
cumstances.
Mr. GRIMES. And the objection has been
supported by remonstrances.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And even where remon-
strances have been presented the party has
been admitted to be sworn in the first instance.
I recollect when I first came to the Senate, a
dozen years ago, there was a remonstrance of
a portion of the members of the Legislature
by which I was elected denying my right to a
seat. It was presented here at the same time
that I appeared to be sworn in as a Senator;
but I was permitted to be sworn and took my
seat, and an investigation was afterward had,
and the Senate decided that I was properly
entitled to the seat. My friend from Iowa [Mr.
IIarlax] was sworn in as a member of the
Senate at the same time. There was also
objection to his right to a seat, and that was
investigated, and at the next session the Senate
decided that he was not entitled to his seat.
He was permitted to hold his seat during a
whole session, and at the next session the Sen-
ate decided that he was not entitled, under his
election, to retain his seat, and therefore he
went a second time before the Legislature, and
was a second time elected. That has been the
usual course even in the face of a protest in
writing denying the right of the person to be
sworn as a member. I see nothing in this
ease, so far as I have heard—as I said I was
not fortunate enough to be in when the Sena-
tor from Michigan first commenced his re-
marks—to justify us in departing from the usual
mode of proceeding, and I trust the gentleman
will be permitted to be sworn upon his creden-
tials.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, prior
to the unfortunate and unhappy war in which we
have recently been engaged th^re was, I believe,
no instance on record, at least I never heard
of any, in which, where a gentleman claiming
to have been elected a member of the Senate
presented his credential in due form, he was
not considered entitled to take the oath and
take his seat in the Senate, subject of course to
any objections that might afterward be made.
There have been but two instances since that
I recollect in which this usage has been de-
parted from. One was the ease of a gentle-
man who was appointed Senator from Oregon,
[Mr. Stark,] and who came here to take his
seat. Before his credentials were presented I
received a large paekage of papers tending to
show that he was disloyal, that he had ex-
pressed disloyal sentiments, sentiments ad-
verse to the Union and in favor of the rebel-
lion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was during the
war.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir; that was dur-
ing the war. I speak of that as the first in-
stance. I presented those papers at the t'me
the credentials were submitted, and I think
I made the motion myself that the creden-
tials, with those papers, should be sent to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and that we
should have a report prior to his being per-
mitted to take his seat. That was resisted on
the ground of the uniform usage which had
prevailed before, gentlemen claiming that the
proper course to take would be to allow him
take the oath, and then have the matter in-
vestigated afterward. I contended, however,
that in that state of things, in my judgment,
the Senate had the power, and it was their
duty to assume the responsibility when charges
of disloyalty were made, of refusing to allow
the member to be sworn; because, although
it would be in the power of the majority then
to keep liim out if he was disloyal, it might
require, and would l-equire, -if he was once
admitted, two thirds to remove him. The
majority of the Senate, I think quite a largje
majority, acceded to the correctness of these
views, and the papers were all referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, who made a re-
port. I think the report was in his favor ; at
any rate, he was afterward sworn in and served
out his term of office.
The only other instance that I have been
aware of is the case of the honorable Senator
from Tennessee, [Mr. Patters ox.] It was
alleged against him that he had taken an oath
of office under the southern confederacy, and
on that statement, which was not denied, his
case was atfeo referred to the committee, and
he was not allowed to take liis seat until it had
been investigated.
Mr. JOHNSON. The fact was admitted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, the fact was ad-
mitted.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. The Sen-
ator from Maine will allow me to remind him
that I demanded an investigation in that case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am aware that the
Senator was perfectly willing to meet au inves-
tigation ; but I am speaking of the nrecedent
merely. The fact itself was admitted, and on
the admission of that fact it was contended that
the papers should all bo referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and an investigation
had previously to his taking his seat, and that
course was taken.
In both those instances there were specific
charges: in one supported by numerous affida-
vits making the specific allegation of disloy-
alty ; in the other, the admitted fact, admit-
ted by the Senator claiming the seat himself.
In similar cases even now I would be in favor
of referring the credentials to a committee
previous to the Senator being allowed to take
his seat in the Senate. But, sir, it is a prece-
dent that is not to be followed except in a case
calling for it on specific grounds. Wherein
do those cases differ from the present ? Here,
the gentleman claiming to be a Senator from
Maryland, presents credentials in due form.
A Senator rises and states that.he has heard
it rumored that he was disloyal, and he has
seen it stated in a newspaper that he had made
a speech in which he spoke disrespectfully of
this Senate. I think, if my memory serves me,
that all that he is said to have stated in that
newspaper has been said, and more than that,
repeatedly 011 this floor by my friend from
Kentucky [Mr. Davis] with regard to the ac-
tion of the Senate being revolutionary, &e.,
and he holds his seat to this day, although we
have the perfect power, so far as number of
votes is concerned, to expel him at any time,
if we should see fit; and ho was resworn a
very short time ago without objection, although
I could point to the record where he has ex-
pressed opinions very much more sharp than
those that were read from the newspaper.
We will lay, then, the character of our pre-
cedent and the newspaper out of the question,
and look at what is said by my friend from
