176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
read what is said by this gentleman in this
speech as reported in the Baltimore American,
a newspaper published in the principal city of
his own State, and that must have had an
opportunity to report him correctly. If it is
incorrectly reported, it is because the infor-
mation we have is not correct. Let me read
this speech, made on the 11th of March, 1867 :
"Mr. Thomas was subsequently introduced and
thanked the caucus."
That was after he was nominated.
"During his speech he said that if permitted to
take his seat in the Senate "—
He seemed to doubt that—
"ho pledged himself to assert therishts of the State.
The men now assembled at Washington before the
war occurred were bent upon destroying the Union.
They went to war, believing it tantamount to dis-
memberment. and were now bent on the establish-
ment of a military despotism."
All that might have passed as a part of the
language of partisan warfare; but he said:
"He would go there to face these men, who are
now and always were traitors to the Union."
Mr. SUMNER. "Always were?"
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir, "and always
were traitors to the Union." If this is a cor-
rect report of this speech it is certainly singular
that this gentleman should come here under
the peculiar circumstances by which we are
surrounded and seek to take a seat amoijg us,
•who are and always have been traitors to the
Union, as he says. Why, sir, here are the men
who fought to maintain the Union, who caused
four hundred thousand lives, perhaps, to be
sacrificed during the war in that effort, who
involved our country in debt to the amount of
$3,000,000,000, who have gone through this
terrible war; but he says that during all this
time and before we were traitors to the Union,
that we entered into this war for the purpose
of dismembering the Union! We have no
evidence of his course of conduct during the
war from the time he resigned his place in Mr.
Buchanan's Administration until he comss for-
ward and makes this speech; and under such
circumstances it seems to me he does pre-
sent himself in such an attitude that we have a
right to inquire into his loyalty to the Union.
If we are traitors and he loyal, then we ought
to vacate these places and give way to a Senate
of the United States composed of men like
himself. If this language was not used, if this
information ie incorrect—wo take it only as a
part of the history of the country—the Judi-
ciary Committee, which will examine this mat-
ter, can very properly inquire into it.
1 would' not exclude this gentleman for polit-
ical opinions. I will not exclude him for any
mere informality. He has been duly and legally
elected by the Legislature of Maryland, and the
only ground upon which we can exclude him is
by such evidence as would convince us that he
is disloyal to the Government of the United
States. If we have that evidence, either in the
form of newspapers or in such a way as to ex-
hibit a reasonable ground to believe that he is
disloyal to the Government of thg United States,
we are bound to make an inquiry before we
arm him with the authority of a Senator of
the United States and administer the oath of
office. Certainly, with no feeling against this
gentleman, no personal unkindness to him, it
does seem to me that this is a ease which falls
within the exception stated by the Senator from
Maine himself, where it is proper to refer it to
the Judiciary Committee. II they find that
this speech is an error of the newspaper, and
was not the utterance of the newly-elected Sen-
ator, as a matter of course they can inform us
of that fact.
In the admission of new Senators from this
time forward we shall be compelled to bo care-
ful and guarded. I will not myself vote un-
reasonably to exclude any man who comes here
with the credentials of any of the existing or
loyal States of the Union or any of the recon-
structed States when they come back with Sen-
ators. I am not disposed to be harsh and hard
with them. I want them simply to show a loy-
alty and fidelity to the United States that would
authorize them to sit here in the councils of the
Government and join with us in making laws
upon which will depend the safety,^ honor, and
dignity of the United States. But it does seem
to me that if this speech was uttered by the
newly-elected Senator he is not in a position
to come here and take his seat by our side, and
we should shrink from our gravest and most
serious duty if we allowed men with these opin-
ions, showing their disloyalty, to participate in
making laws for the people of the United States.
Mr. MORTON. If Mr. Thomas made that
speech it is enough to put this Senate upon
inquiry. If with his opinions he regards the
members of this Senate as disloyal and traitor-
ous from the beginning, and himself a patriot,
the converse of the proposition must be true,
that if we are loyal he must be a traitor. I
think an utterance of that kind is enough to put
this Senate upon inquiry, and that it is due to
the character of the Senate that these creden-
tials should go to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. I will remark further that after having
heard that speech read I should like to know
something about the history of this man during
the war. He has probably been doing some-
thing upon the one side or the other, and I
think we should be informed as to what course
he has taken in reference to the rebellion.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I thought
the time was passed, after the din of arms had
been hushed, after the people of this whole
country, North and South, were looking for a
renewal of kindly feelings, when we should
hear honorable gentlemen who have occupied
the highest positions in their States and in the
country charged with being disloyal. Suppose
that Mr. Thomas, the Senator-eleet from Mary-
land, had in a political speech used such lan-
guage as that; is there a Republican Senator
upon this floor who, during the last six years,
has not charged his political opponents with
being disloyal, with being copperheads, with
being traitors ? Why, sir, you have not got a
press in the country scarcely that has uot
charged upon the whole of the opponents of
your party disloyalty and want of fidelity to the
country just as broadly as the charge purports
to have been made in that speech.
But, Mr. President, I read a report of the
remarks of the Senator-eleet from Maryland
on that occasion, but in a different paper. I
read the report of his remarks in the Baltimore
Gazette. There was nothing of the kind re-
ported. You bring here now a paper which
has for years charged every opponent of its
own principles with disloyalty. It manufac-
tures a report of a speech made by the Senator-
elect from Maryland, and that is brought as
evidence that he did make it. Sir, have you
not heard the President of the United^States
upon this floor charged with being unfaithful
to his country, and in substance and effect with
being a traitor? Is there a day that passes over
your head that some member of the dominant
party in the heat of debate does not charge his
political opponents with having been unfaith-
ful to the country, and even with being so now?
Sir, I profess to know something of the Sen-
ator-elect from Maryland, because I do not
reside a very great distance from him. I
know at least from reputation, and from hav-
ing visited the town near which he resides,
that he was leading a quiet, peaceful life dur-
ing this war. Sir, when military despotism
was being exercised in the States of Maryland,
when a judge of that State was dragged from
his bench and beaten over the head with pis-
tols until he was insensible, because he dared
to charge the grand jury of one of the counties
of his district that men had not the right with-
out warrant and due process of law to arrest
their neighbors, no one undertook to make
a charge affecting the character of Governor
Thomas. One of the early recollections of my
boyhood's days was Governor Thomas, then a
young member of the bar, afterward honored
by his constituents with a seat in Congress and
elected Governor of the State. Having main-
tained a high character for ability and for pa-
triotism all his life, now that he is elevated to
the position of Senator of the United States
we are to be told, on a report found in a polit-
ical paper that never knew how to speak a
kind word or a just "word of its political oppo-
nents, that he is unfaithful to his country.
Sir, if he had been unfaithful to his country-,
is it possible that the military vigilance of this
country could not have discovered some act in
all his life for six long years to give you an
opportunity to exclude him from this body ?
Now, sir, the letter that he wrote upon
resigning his seat in the Cabinet of Mr. Bu-
chanan is produced. He differed from the Ad-
ministration simply in reference to the collec-
tion of customs under the existing law. I ask
you, sir, whether you did not supply that defect
afterward by passing an act through this body
and the other House to give to the President
of the United States the power to collect the
revenue off Charleston harbor? It was upon
that point, and that point alone, as appears
from the letter, that he differed from the Pres-
ident of the United States. Was it not rea-
sonable, sir? You. had no law authorizing
the collection of revenue there off the harbor.
You had no custom-house officer. You re-
fused yourselves to confirm a custom-house
officer in Charleston, if my recollection is
right, and subsequently brought in a bill and
passed it through both Houses of Congress
giving the Executive the power to collect rev-
enue off that harbor; but that was after the
resignation of Governor Thomas.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think.my friend from
Ohio has, undesignedly I am sure, done great
injustice to the gentleman whose seat is in
question in the construction which he puts upon
his letter of January, 1861. In that letter lie
states that he will be unable to agree with the
measure which, as he understood, the Presi-
dent, with the consent of the rest of his Cabi-
net, was about to adopt, because in his view
there was no law which authorized the adop-
tion of any such measure. All the officer^of
the Government of the United States located
in Charleston had resigned. It was impossi-
ble, therefore, to collect the duties upon im-
ports, if there should be any, in the ordinary
way in which they were collected ; and the
measure proposed was to have them collected
outside by sending a vessel-of-war and appoint-
ing a collector to be on board of her, and to
make her for the time being the custom-house
at that port. He said, and as I think properly
as far as the law of the land was concerned,
that the President had no authority under the
then existing legislation to adopt any such
measure.
During the period of nullification Congress
passed what was called the force bill, and it
was a part of that bill that the President was
authorized to collect duties outside of the port
of Charleston. The ordinance which the peo-
ple of the State of South Carolina had passed
provided, and made it a penalty for doing so,
that no duty should be collected at all upon
any importations that might come into that
port, and they prohibited any court, Federal
or State, and any officer belonging to any such
court, Federal or State, from sanctioning any
measure by which the question of the legality
of that ordinance of nullification or the right
of the United States to collect, notwithstand-
ing the ordinance of nullification, the duties
there, should be tried. The Congress of that
day, consisting of as able men and as patriotic
men as have ever been found in Congress since,
was of opinion that there could bo no collec-
tion outside of the port under the laws exist-
ing at the period without additional legislation,
and that additional legislation was had by the
force bill. That legislation was of course
temporary in its nature.
The law on the subject, therefore, had ex-
pired in January, 1861, when the letter which
the honorable member has read was written, and
Congress afterward, acting precisely upon the
hypothesis on which Governor. Thomas acted,
that it required legislation to authorize a col-
lection of duties outside,of the port where they
were only authorized to be collected by the
existing law, passed the act of July 13, 18G1,
