1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
177
by the second section of which they gave that
authoritybut that law was not in force when
he wrote his letter in January preceding; and
as he thought he was bound by his oath of office
to execute no law except under the authority
which the law gave, and that he could not
therefore be authorized to make collections in
the_ way proposed by that Administration, he
resigned. Now, what fault was there in that?
If I had been in his situation I would have con-
curred with the majority of that Cabinet, be-
cause, in. the then condition of things, I would
not have inquired whether there was a'law or
not; I would have enforced the collection of
the duties. But in the exercise of an honest
opinion, justified by the mere legal question,
he left that Administration. I might ask my
honorable friend if he thinks it was a great act
of treason to leave that Administration?
Mr. SHERMAN. I can only say that there
were others who went out at the same time,
and perhaps he went out on the same ground
as Floyd and Thompson and Cobb and others,
while Stanton, Dix, and a different class of men
went in.
Mr. JOHNSON". Why does the honorable
member think himself justified in saying that
he went out perhaps ou the same ground as
those men, when he has read his letter of 1801,
wliicli shows the specific ground and no other
ground ? If I recollect aright, the ground as-
signed by one of the members of that Cabinet—
Thompson, of Mississippi—was that the Presi-
dent., contrary to what he understood him to
have pledged to the authorities of South Caro-
lina, was about to reenforce Fort Sumter ; but
there is nothing of that in this letter.
Now, in relation to that speech, did he make
it ? What paper has the honorable member
read from ? A violent partisan paper. I wish
to say nothing disrespectful of the press in any
way, but I suppose it is no treason to the press
to state that what they assert in relation to
public men who differ from them in opinion is
to be taken with many grains of allowance. I
know in relation to myself personally that I
have been often misrepresented by that press.
I have never noticed it. I was satisfied to
stand upon my own character, and to vindicate
myself at the proper lime and in my own way,
without entering into any newspaper contro-
versy ; and that is the conduct which I shall
pursue in the future. Now, I am told that
that speech is reported in two or three other
papers in a very different way.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator will
allow me, I looked into the paper, the Chron-
icle, which has been read, and it purports to
quote from a telegraphic dispatch from Annap-
olis to the Baltimore American.
Mr. JOHNSON. So I supposed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That dispatch as it
appeared in the Baltimore American is copied
in the paper here.
Mr. JOHNSON. Who sent the dispatch?
Nobody knows. Ts he entitled to credit?
Nobody knows. Is he not a traitor himself?
Nobody knows. We are here asked to ex-
chide this gentleman from the usual privilege
accorded almost universally to every member
whe appears with the credentials of his State
upon the authority of one we know nothing
about, to be found in a newspaper which is
known to be thoroughly partisan in its char-
acter.
If the honorable member used these expres-
sions certainly he would not have my approval;
and I am equally satisfied if he used tliem at
all it was under circumstances which he must
in the end regret. I am authorized by him to
say that he bas not the slightest recollection
of saying a word which would have justified
such a statement as that. All that he did say.
as the honorable member from Maine has said,
was what has been said on this floor over and
over again and in the other House. But sup-
pose he 'did use that language. The Pres-
ident of the United States, in a speech, thought
proper to call two members of Congress trai-
tors. Did anybody propose to impeach him
upon that ground? I never heard of it, what-
40tii Cong."1st Sess.—Iso. 12.
ever other grounds there might be. Any opin-
ion which he entertains politically of the ten-
dency of the actions or the purpose of any
individual members of Congress is a matter
with which Congress has nothing to do. Now,
suppose I thought, as my friend from Ken-
tucky has often thought, that what this Senate
was about to do was inimical to the interest
and safety of the country, and I had said that
to do so would be treason to the country,
would that justify the Senate in expelling me?
I suppose no one will for a moment so state.
Upon one occasion, I remember, Mr. Web-
ster in the Senate of the United States, in
refusing his support to a proposed appropria-
tion of §3,000,000 to General Jackson to ena-
ble him to meet an .anticipated war, said that
he would not vote for it if the enemy were
battering down the Capitol.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. Thun-
dering at the gates of the Capitol.
Mr. JOHNSON. Thundering at the gates
of the Capitol, and that was said to be trea-
son by Mr. Adams in the other House. He
was told, or rather the House were told, by
Mr. Adams that a man who would utter such
a sentiment as that would in a moment take
the other step, and would join the enemy;
that there was but one more step to take, and
that was to join the enemy. Did anybody pro-
pose to expel Mr. Webster from the Senate
of the United States? Andyet in one view,
and in what would have been my view, he
would have been false to his duty to the coun-
try. He ought not to have hesitated in the
contingency which he stated from giving the
appropriation to enable the Government of
the United States to preserve the Capitol; hut
it was a political opinion which he had a right
to indulge if he thought proper, if he really
entertained it.
Mr. President, since the last session com-
menced the debates in the other House—I
suppose I am at liberty to refer to them—and
the debates here have been often exceedingly
violent. The President here has been de-
nounced, I was about to say in the most viru-
lent terms; his motives and conduct assailed
with a bitterness never before heard in this
Chamber. Does anybody propose to expel
the members who indulge in such remarks ?
Certainly not.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator will re-
member that a member was called to order for
using such language. The Senator and myself
raised the point of order, and we were decided
to be out, of order in raising that point of order
on the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum*
xer] in a debate.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Constitution says
that no man shall be called to account any-
where else for language uttered in debate
here.
Mr. JOHNSON. Undoubtedly; but the
Constitution does not say that a man who is a
traitor in feeling or uses language thai is trait-
orous in the extreme is not to be expelled from
this body. For what he says in debate he is
personally responsible nowhere else; but if he
declares sentiment sin this body which the body
may think are unfit to be declared to the Sen-
ate, insulting to the Senate, and at war with
his duty to the country, the Senate have a right
to expel him ; but they have never attempted
to exercise any such right, as such cases have
actually occurred.
Now, the honorable member from Ohio re-
lies, first, upon a letter which proves directly
the reverse, when the facts are understood, of
the intent which he assigns to it: and he relies,
in the second place, npon a telegraphic dispatch
sent from Annapolis on the night of the day
of election. We do not know even that the
man heard the speech, and if we were certain
that he heard the speech we do not know that
he was capable of representing it fairly, and
we do not know, if he heard it and was capa-
ble of representing it fairly, that he wanted to
represent it fairly.
As I said before, to act upon any such proof
as that is the establishment of a principle
which is to govern the conduct of the Senate
which will come home to plaguethe inventors.
None of us are safe. An investigation in. ad-
vance of the admission of a Senator upon his
credentials is no more in the power of the
Senate than an investigation after he has been
admitted. If, therefore, any newspaper editor
thought proper to say that the honorable jaem-
ber from Ohio had charged treason upon Con-
gress, had been false to his duty, and was a
traitor in principle, any Senator would have
the same light to get up_ and ask that there
should be a committee to inquire into the fact,
saying that it was due to the dignity of the
body.
The honorable member from Indiana says
he wants it to be ascertained what was the con-
duct of this gentleman during the war. What
for? Suppose he took no part. Was any man
obliged to go into the Army of the United
States upon the pain of disloyalty unless he
was called there by the authority of the United
States? Has not every man in a state of war
the right to stay at home unless his country
calls him? Is any man to be denounced as
disloyal because he refuses to volunteer? How
many of us would come within that definition
of disloyalty? How many of us went into the
Army voluntarily or otherwise? Not one in
twenty; but we are not disloyal on that ac-
count, as I hope. >
Now, we have no evidence at all, as my friend
from Maine stated, coming from anybody ex-
cept an unknown and unauthorized reporter,
that this gentleman has said one word incon-
sistent with his duty to his country and the
duty to the Senate, which is always coequal
with the duty to his country. Ho offers him-
self ready to take that oath ; and if the honor-
able member from Ohio, instead of relying
upon an anonymous dispatch as showing the
real sentiments of this gentleman, will refer to
that which ought to be conclusive, in the ab-
sence of conclusive evidence to the contrary,
the letter which he sent to the Legislature ac-
cepting his post, he will find no reason at all
to doubt but that he is as loyal as the honora-
ble member himself.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I am
clearly of the opinion that this reference ought
to be made. It is apparent from the discus-
sion, so far as it has gone, that there are mat-
ters which ought to be inquired into. There
has been a great deal said during the last few
years with regard to the power of Congress
over this very thing, to ascertain the loyalty of
members who present themselves for admis-
sion. The question here raised is only a ques-
tion as to the order of business, whether the
committee are to investigate first where there
is a charge of disloyalty, or whether it is to be
investigated after the member has been sworn.
If such a charge is made merely on newspaper
rumor, I think it is due to the party, and due
to the Senate, that it should be investigated.
We shall have a large number of persons
coming up here, if the South is restored, from
the ten States now unrepresented, and it will
be drawing an invidious distinction if we refuse
now to refer this case to the Judiciary Com-
mittee, if we insist on such a reference of those
cases. When this charge is made, I think the
Judiciary Committee should be instructed to
inquire into it if we intend to guard this body
against, not only persons who were disloyal
heretofore, but against those who entertain dis-
loyal sentiments now. If we intend to guard
it, as it is agreed on all hands we ought to
guard it, it seems to me the natural order of
proceeding whenever the question comes up
is to refer it in the first place to the committee,
in order that the party may be fully exoner-
ated if he is not guilty of anything oi the kind.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would ask the honora-
ble member if there is not a difference between
Maryland and the States that have been in
rebellion?
Mr. STEWART. I do not suppose there is
any difference between an individual in Mary-
land who aided the rebellion and an individual
in South Carolina who did the same thing. I
