178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
think the individual in Maryland, where he was
free from coercion, who gave aid and comfort to
the rebellion is much more guilty than one in
South Carolina, where the entire people went
• into rebellion and there was no power of the
Government to protect him who desired to
remain loyal. I think the distinction is in
favor.cf the party who lived in South Carolina,
where 110 one loyal man had the moral or
physical force to withstand the power of the
community. I should not be" as careful in
criticising a person from South Carolina as I
would a gentleman in a loyal State who freely
and voluntarily, ' without any appearance of
coercion, aided the rebellion. I would make
allowance for a man in South Carolina that I
would not for a man ill Maryland.
Mr. JOHNSON. The" honorable member
does not understand me. I mean to say that
Maryland is to be considered as loyal a State
as Nevada, and the presumption is, therefore,
in relation to Maryland, when her Senatorpre-
sents himself here, that he is just as loyal, and
his State lias as perfect a right to send him, as
the honorable member or the State which he
so well represents had to send him. The pre-
sumption in regard to States which have been
in rebellion would be the other way.
Mr. STEWART. There is no doubt that
the presumption in favor of every man is that
he is innocent until he is proved to be guilty.
The presumptions are that Mr. Thomas is
innocent, but when there is a suggestion that
there may be guilt it is then incumbent 011 the
body to investigate it. The presumption is in
his favor, and we should proceed to this inves-
tigation with all the presumption in favor of
innocence. The fact that you investigate an
alleged offense, when there is a suggestion of
crime made, does not change the presumption.
The presumption is that every gentleman who
presents himself here is innocent of any offense
that would disqualify him ; and 1 shall go into
the investigation fully impressed with all the
presumptions in favor of innocence, but when
the suggestion is made in the Senate that there
may be guilt and an investigation is proposed,
to refuse to investigate now will set an exam-
ple that I say will embarrass us hereafter if we
are to investigate such allegations in the future.
The only question here is as to the order of
business, for it is admitted that the investiga-
tion will be proper at some time. If we refuse
to examine this case at this stage we shall be
treating very cruelly some men against whom
the suggestion is made hereafter. If wo admit
this gentleman before there is an investigation,
a reference hereafter in the first instance will
be regarded as a condemnation. Suppose we
refuse this reference to-day and to-morrow a
gentleman comes here from Kentucky who has
been in the rebel army or against whom such
a charge is made, a reference of that case in
the first instance will be looked upon as sanc-
tioning the charge. If the rule be that when
a suggestion is made an investigation shall be
had, then a reference gives no color to the
charge ; but if on this preliminary motion you
make a distinction between one man and
another, the reference of any case to the com-
mittee in the first instance gives color to the
charge and condemns the gentleman whose
case is so referred.
Mr. OONNESS. Mr. President, I listened
with attention to the honorable Senator from
Maryland when he was up in the construction
that hi- gave to the passage read by the honor-
ble Senator from Ohio from the letter of resig-
nation of this gentleman, whose credentials
are now under consideration; and I confess
my surprise, when I come to read the para-
graph, at the construction placed upon it by
the honorable Senator from Maryland. It is
not, as the Senator has stated, a resignation
on the ground that Mr. Thomas? did not believe
there was legal power to enforce the collection
of the revenue outside of the harbor of Charles-
ton, South Carolina, at all, but upon other
grounds. Twill read from his letter addressed
to the President:
"Mr dear Sik: It has not been in my power, as
yqu are aware, to agree -with you and with a majority
ot your constitutional advisers in themeasures which
have been adopted in reference to the present con-
dition of tilings in South Carolina "—
Involving, as a matter of course, the entire
political issues there. He says it has not been
in his power to agree with a majority of the
Cabinet in reference to these things, and he
then continues:
"Nor do I think ifc at all probable that I shall be
able to concur in tho views which you entertain, so
far as I understand them, touching the authority,
under existing law's, to enforce the collection of the
customs at the port of Charleston."
A proposition entirely in the future, and re-
ferred to as in tho future, not then considered
and decided; and he utters it as his opinion
that he thinks he shall not be able, when that
point is considered and determined upon, to
agree with tho President; but he utters his
emphatic dissent from the conclusion arrived
at by a majority of the Cabinet of the Presi-
dent upon "the condition of things in South
Carolina," meaning the entire political issues
there, if it means anything.
When this question was first presented to-
day, and the motion to refer made, I listened
with attention to what was said by the honor-
able chairman of the Judiciary Committee and
by the distinguished Senator from Maine, and
as the matter then stood I should have voted
against the proposed referenco; but the pro-
duction of this letter, which had passed from
my recollection at the time, puts the question,
as I think, in a totally different aspect, and
makes it my duty to vote not only for a refer-
ence, but to urge a close investigation. I will
say further, that my vote will never be given
to admit into the Senate any mail who was
either so weak or so vicious in 1801, in the
month of January, as not to be able to find
law enough to defend the honor and existence
of this country, more especiaily any man who
left the Cabinet of the President of tho United
States upon the ground that he could not dis-
cover power enough or justify his conscience
in such a defense. I do not know any better
time or occasion to make this point, and I
know of no case ill which it may be more
clearly made than in the present instance. I
do not, however, wish to prejudice this case.
I would sooner have the entire letter than the
extract of it given here, which of course the
committee will have before them, so as to have
the context, the entire surroundings, the his-
tory of the action of this gentleman when a
member of President Buchanan's Cabinet. J
think it is eminently proper that the creden-
tials be not now received, or, if they be re-
ceived, that they be referred and this matter
investigated. I shall give my vote for that
investigation.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have but a word to say.
The honorable member from California is under
a clear misapprehension as to tho meaning of
that letter. The circumstance to which refer-
ence is made by the writer is that all the officers
of the customs had resigned, and there was,
therefore, no means of collecting the duties
there ; and the only question which was before
Governor Thomas at the time was, whether in
the absence of the legal mode of collecting the
duties by tho custom-house officers, it was in
the power of the President to have the duties
collected outside the port in a vessel-of-war.
To do that he supposed required legislation.
To do that in the opinion of Congress in 1832
legislation was necessary. To do that in the
opinion of Congress in 1801 legislation was
necessary, for they passed the second section
of the act of July 13 of that year for that
purpose.
Mr. CONNESS. I beg the pardon of the
honorable Senator, who is generally so correct
in his analysis and statement. It is as clear
from this letter as anything which was ever
written that the declination spoken of and re-
ferred to was not put upon that ground ; on the
contrary, it is specifically stated by him that he
thinks he shall not be able to agree with the
President when that question is considered ;
but upon the other issues—what other issues ?
"the present condition of things in South Caro-
lina"—differs entirely with a majority of the
Cabinet.
Mr. JOHNSON. In relation to the collection
of the customs.
Mr. CONNESS. Not at all. I beg the hon-
orable Senator's pardon.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I have been
referred to by two or three of the gentlemen who
have taken part in this debate, and therefore
I intervene a word in it. In my condemnation
of the measures of Congress I have never char-
acterized or denounced the members of the
Senate^ ag traitors; I have never denounced
any of their measures as treasonable, but I
have denounced many of them as revolutionary.
Mr. President, I know but one test of fidelity
to the-Government, and that is the support of
the Constitution. I know of but one measure
of loyalty, and that is an honest adherence to
and support of the Constitution. Whatever
Senator or citizen sustains the Constitution as
he understands it in good faith, in my judg-
ment supports the Constitution. Whatever
Senator deliberately, willfully, and knowingly
votes for a measure which he believes is an
infraction of the Constitution, acts for the time
with the purpose to overthrow the Constitu-
tion, to subvert the Government, and to revo-
lutionize it, and he is disloyal.
As has been stated in this debate, I have
often said, in the course of my remarks in the
Senate Chamber, that particular measures
which I opposed were revolutionary. In my
judgment they were revolutionary, and the
deepest conviction of my mind and of my soul
was and still is that they were revolutionary
and utterly subversive of the Government.
Now I will say a word in relation to the
question before the Senate. "Each House"
is, by the Constitution, " the judge of tho elec-
tions, returns, and qualifications of its own
members;" and " each House may determine
the rules of its proceedings, punish its mem-
bers for disorderly behavior, and with the
concurrence of two thirds expel a member."
The Senate in the trial of these different classes
of questions is a different tribunal. In judging
of the elections, returns, and qualifications of
its members, it acts by a simple majority of the
body; and the judgment of a simple majority
of the body rules the point: but in relation to
the expulsion of a member it is different. It
requires the concurrence of two thirds to expel
a member, and that is the security which the
Constitution throws around the seats of the
members of the Senate. The proposition is
not now to expel a Senator from his seat; it is
to pass upon one of the questions of the return,
the election, or the qualifications of the gentle-
man who presents himself from Maryland,
claiming a seat in the Senate. There is no ob-
jection to the return. That is admitted by all
gentlemen to be in due form of law. The Sen-
ator from Nevada [Mr. Nye] referred to the
election of this Senator as affected by the elec-
tion and composition of the Legislature itself
which sent him to the Senate. As the Senator
from Maine [Mr. Fessexden] lias properly
said, that is a matter into which the Senate
cannot make inquiry at all. The only other
point is the qualifications of the Senator. The
Constitution provides:
" That no person shall be a Senator who shall not
have attained to tho ago of thirty years and been
nine years a citizen of the United States, and who
shall not when elected be an inhabitant of that Stato
for which ho shall be chosen."
Ho must be thirty years of age, nine years
a citizen of (he United States, and an inhab-
itant of the State which elects him ; these are
the three single and simple qualifications of a
Senator, and the Senate has no constitutional
or legal power whatever to add to these quali-
fications.
What is the implication made in this debate
against, the gentleman who presents himself as
Senator from Maryland? Forsooth he has
charged in a speech that the Senate consists of
a body of traitors. Suppose he had said so,
what of it? Does his refraining from having
