180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
he went in his glowing sympathy for the rebels
during the war that I desire to make this in-
quiry. If he has lent aid and comfort to the
rebellion in any degree he cannot truthfully
take the oath which is prescribed to him, and
is not fit to be admitted on this floor.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the further con-
sideration of this subject be postponed until
to-morrow.
' The motion was agreed to.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. GRIMES. I now desire to offer a reso-
lution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Petitions
and memorials are in order.
Mr. GRIMES. How long does the morning
hour last? Does it go beyond one o'clock?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will reecivc petitions and memorials.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition
of Mary Douglas, Mary Josselyn, and Mary
Lancaster, widows of revolutionary soldiers,
praying for an increase of pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented the
memorial of Joseph A. Van Brunt, one of the
owners of the bai-k Aug. Gaurdien, praying
that an American register may be issued for
that vessel; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of the equal-
ization of soldiers' bounties; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of the establish-
ment of a mail route from Rochester to Leroy,
from Glencoe to Greenleaf, from Waverly to
Glencoe, from Minneapolis to Big Stone lake,
and from Monticello to Waverly, all in that
State ; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. PATTEKSON, of Tennessee, presented
a memorial of the Legislature of Arkansas, in
favor of granting the same aid to the Union
Pacific railway, southern branch, as has been
granted to the Union Pacific railway and its,
northern branches ; which was referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. FLIELINGHUYSEN presented a letter
from the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury,
addressed to the chairman of the Committee
on Finance, relative to sales of land made by
the direct tax commissioners of South Caro-
lina ; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. HARLAN presented a memorial of late
officers of the first regiment Iowa volunteer
cavalry, praying payment for an alleged bal-
ance due that, regiment on account of an error;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. VAN WINKLE presented the memo-
rial of David D. Porter, vice admiral United
States Navy, praying relief for the widow and
children of the late Major D. P. Heap, pay-
master United States Army; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MORTON presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Indiana, in favor of the inter-
position of the Government of the United
States to effect the release and liberation of
Rev. John McMahon, a citizen of Indiana,
now in prison for an alleged violation of Ca-
nadian laws; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
papers referred.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Dennis Sullivan, on
the files of the Senate, bo referred to the Committoo
on Claims.
reports 01' committers.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of Captain Daniel Ellis,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a report, of the Secretary of
War, communicating, in compliance with a res-
olution of the Senate of the 8th instant, in-
formation respecting any armed expeditions
against the Indians in the western territory,
asked to be discharged from its further consid-
eration, and that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a report of the Secretary of War,
communicating, in obedience to law, a state-
ment of contracts made on account of the
medical department of the Army for the year
1860, reported a recommendation that the re-
port lie on the table and be printed ; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 19) to clothe
the maimed and destitute soldiers, reported it
without amendment.
_ west virginia war expenses.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia have instructed me to
report a bill supplementary to an act entitled
"An act to reimburse the State of West Vir-
ginia for moneys expended for the United States
ill enrolling, equipping, and paying military
forces to aid in suppressing the rebellion,"
approved June 21, 1800.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I hope the Senate
will take up for consideration the bill just re-
ported from the Military Committee. It con-
sists of but three lines, and is intended to supply
an accidental or clerical omission in the bill
relative to the war expenses of West Virginia,
passed at the last Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I presume it is all right,
but I should like to hear some reason for the
bill.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The original act omit-
ted to vest in the Secretary of War the power
to draw warrants for any money to be paid
under it; and it is thought necessary that the
Secretary of War should have that power. lie
refuses to draw the wan ants unless authority
to do so is confeired by Congress. Similar
bills for Missouri and other States have con-
ferred that authority on the Secretary of War;
but in the West Virginia bill that clause was
accidentally omitted. As the items come under
the head of military expenditures, it is simply
proposed to allow the Secretary of War, at his
discretion of course, to draw these warrants.
The bill (S. No. 77) was read three times,
and passed.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of the In-
terior, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of the 15th instant,
information in relation to the withdrawal of
public lands situated between the cities of San
Francisco and San Jos6, in California, from
preemption,^ sale, and location; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
message jfrom the house.
A message from the House of Reoresenta-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolutions of the Senate ;
A bill (S. No. 22) in relation to a certain
tract of land in Burlington, Iowa;
A bill (S. No. 60) to change the name of the
steamship Paonshun;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 26) providing
for the necessary surveys for a ship-canal be-
tween Lake Erie and Lake Ontario for mili-
tary, naval, and commercial purposes ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No 30) amending
the ninth section of an act entitled "An act to
provide for the better security of the lives of
passengers on board of vessels propelled in
whole or in part by steam, and for other pur-
poses," approved August 30, 1852.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendment of the Senate to
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 10) in relation
to certain coin and bullion on special deposit
in the Treasury; and also that the House had
agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the
bill (H. R. No. 33) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to provide for the more effi-
cient government of the rebel States," passed
March 2, 1867, and to facilitate restoration,
with amendments, in which the concurrence
of the Senate was requested.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a resolution, in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested, pro-
posing to amend the' joint rules of the two
Houses by providing for a joint Committee on
Ordnance.
bills introduced.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
conscnt obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 78) authorizing the payment of the first
regiment of Iowa volunteer cavalry; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 79) to confirm certain
sales made by the direct tax commissioners
for South Carolina to persons in the Army,
Navy, or Marine corps, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MORGAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 80) to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to sell the Government warehouses on At-
lantic Dock, Brooklyn, New York; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 81) to provide for the consolidation of the
Indian tribes, and to establish a qualified ter-
ritorial government in the Indian Territory;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Indiau Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
82j to equalize the bounties of soldiers, sailors,
and marines who served in the late war for the
Union; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 83) making appropriations
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
contingent expenses of the Senate of the Uni-
ted States for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1867; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 35) to authorize the
Commanding General of the Army to permit
traders to remain at certain military posts;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
arms for tennessee.
Mr. FOWLER. I move to postpone all
prior orders and take up the joint resolution
directing arms to be furnished to the State of
Tennessee.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 19) directing the Secre-
tary of War to furnish certain arms and equip-
ments to the State of Tennessee, was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
The resolution was reported from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia with
two amendments. The first amendment was
to strike out the preamble in these words :
Whereas the arms and equipments for the militia
of the State of Tennessee wore taken or destroyed by
the rebel authorities during the late rebellion, and
the.present Executive, Governor W. G. Brownlow, in
order to enforce the laws of the State, deems it ne-
cessary to employ the militia of the State for that
purpose; Therefore.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add to the res-
