1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
olution " to be accounted for by the State of
Tennessee to the Government of the United
States so as to make the resolution read :
Be it resolved, &c., That the Secretary of War be,
and is hereby, directed to furnish arms and equip-
ments to the State of Tennessee, sufficient for two
thousand five hundred militia, to be accounted for
by the State of Tennessee to the Government of the
United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like to hear
some explanation of this resolution.
Mr. FOWLER. I will state briefly dhe rea-
sons why I have offered the resolution. Gov-
ernor Brownlow informs me, as I was well
aware, that we are entirely destitute of arms in
the State of Tennessee, and our militia need
arms for various purposes, for the same pur-
poses that they are needed in the other States,
and I think we have the same right to tliem as
other States. I asked the Secretary of War
for them, and he informed me that he did not
feel authorized without a resolution of Con-
gress granting him the power to give the arms
to the State ; and hence the necessity for this
resolution.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I believe there is some
general law on this subject which applies to all
the States represented in Congress, and wha£
I desired to understand was, the particular
reason applicable to the State of Tennessee ;
why a special measure of this kind was neces-
sary. One thing we know, that we have United
States troops in that State, and whatever of
armed force is necessary for the preservation
of order is, I suppose, furnished by the United
States at present. I desire to know the pecu-
liar reasons applicable to the State of Tennes-
see inducing the passage of a special measure
applying to that State alone.
Mr. FOWLER. I think I could give the
Senator the reasons in a very short time. The
Governor of our State feeling in need of arms
and of troops called on the Government for
arms and could not receive them. He states
himself the reason: the Legislature had au-
thorized him to use troops to prosecute per-
sons who are offending against the laws of the
State, and endeavoring in a certain portibn of
it to overthrow the State government. They
are assassinating and murdering Union men
and others in the State; and for that reason
the Governor of the State of Tennessee wishes
these arms placed in the hands of the militia
of the State to enforce the laws and preserve
order there.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I do not
intend to oppose the resolution; but I wish
my colleague would state in what counties of
the State such things as he charges have oc-
curred, and what evidence he has of their hav-
ing occurred.
Mr. FOWLER. My colleague himself knows
that Senator Case and every male person in
his fam ily were assassinated for no other reason
than because they were Union men. It has
been done in different, parts of the State ; but
1 shall not discuss that question here. I will
not take up the time of the Senate on the
subject. I have given the reasons of the Gov-
ernor, which were before the Secretary of
War and which arc in my possession, and they
are adequate for my purpose. But beyond all
this, the State has a right to the arms and
ought to receive them.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I ask
my colleague if rebels have not been shot down
there as well as Union men?
Mr. FOWLER. If my colleague places him-
self here in the attitude of defending rebels
let him do so.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. No. sir;
I occupy no such position. I will interpose
no obstacle in the way of the Si-ate getting
arms: but I will ask my colleague if rebels
have not been shot down in Tennessee as well
as Union men?
Mr. FOWLER. I hope so. I believe they
have been; and I think that will be perhaps
the use to which the arms will be applied.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I have
no objection to the arms being furnished to the
State.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, it is said
that the State of Tennessee is entitled to arms
under the general law. We should have, then,
a report from the War Department giving spe-
cial reasons, giving some explanation to us
why that general law is not applied in this case.
Tennessee being an organized State, recognized
by us as a member of the Union and repre-
sented here, is subject to the provisions of our
general statute on this subject as to the distri-
bution of arms. I have heard no reason stated
why we should pass a special bill to bestow
upon the authorities of that State the arms in
question. We have no report from the War
Department, which we ought to require in a
case of this kind.
Now, as to arming the militia of that State,
it is to be remembered that the general law
which we passed preventing the organization of
the militia in the States which were in insur-
rection does not apply to Tennessee. There is
no prohibition on the authorities o£ that State
to organize and arm their militia. It is not
necessary, therefore, that we should pass a bill
to relieve that State from the operation of the
prohibition which we have made general as to
all the other States which were in rebellion.
It is certainly an extraordinary thing that we
are called to vote a distribution of arms to the
State of Tennessee when she must at present
stand on the general footing of all the other
States which are represented in Congress; and
that we should be called upon to pass it with-
out one word of explanation from the War De-
partment or from the General of our armies.
I shall certainly vote against this measure as it
is presented to us, without some more adequate
explanation than that which we have received.
Mr. FOWLER. I believe I entirely concur
in the opinion of the Senator Irom Pennsyl-
vania in "reference to this matter generally. I
will state, however, that the practical question,
so far as the State of Tennessee is concerned,
is this; the Governor made a call on the Sec-
retary of War for the State's proportion of
arms,-and the Secretary of War informs me
that he is not authorized to grant the arms.
Under that state of facts—I am certain the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania will believe my state-
ment, although it is not in the sha^e of an
official report from the Secretary of War—our
purpose is by this resolution to get the arms,
and unless this resolution be passed we cannot
obtain the arms. Congress is going to adjourn
shortly, and I should be very sorry to have
Congress adjourn without giving authority to
the State of Tennessee to obtain these arms.
If we cannot obtain them from the source from
which we are entitled to obtain them, of course
the State will have to purchase the arms her-
self. .
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I wish
it understood distinctly that I have no objec-
tion to the arms being granted to the State ol
Tennessee. Perhaps she is entitled to them.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendments were
concurred in.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, and was read the third
time.
Mr. SAULSBURY. As I wish to record
my vote against this measure I ask for the
yeas and nays on its passage. I recollect^ the
time when the State of Delaware was deprived
of every aim b)' the action, of the Federal
authorities. Arms and ammunition bought and
provided, by the .State were taken away by the
Federal authorities, and the State has never
been able to recover them. If it be necessary
to enforce the laws in my State, we are with-
out arms or ammunition with whish to do it. I
think the State of Delaware has as much right
to have her own arms and ammunition, bought
by money out of her public treasury, restored
to her as the State of Tennessee has to have
arms and ammunition furnished to her by the
Federal Government. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered^ and being
taken, resulted—yeas 39, nays 5; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Colo, Conklina, Conness, Corhetr, Cragin, Drake,
Edmunds, Ferry, Eessenden, l?owler, Frclinghuysen,
Harlan, Henderson, Howe, Johnson, Morgan, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Pat-
terson of New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee,
Poineroy, Ramsey, Ross, Sherman, Sumner, Thayer,
Tipton, Van Winkle, Wade, Willoy, Williams, Wil-
son, and Yates—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, DixOn, Doolittle,
and Saulsbury—5.
ABSENT—Messrs. Grimes, Guthrio, Hendricks,
Howard, Norton, Aliddle, Sprague, Stewart, and
TrumbuU-9.
So the joint resolution was passed.
LAWS OF NEW MEXICO
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the joint
resolution (5. R- No. 25) to make valid the
laws of New Mexico passed at the session of
the Legislature hold at Santa F6 from 3d day
of December, I860, to 31st day of January,
18G7, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides that the laws passed by
the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
New Mexico at its last session, which began
on the 3d day of December, 1866, and ending
on the 31st day of January, 1867, and signed
by W. F. M. Amy, acting secretary and acting
Governor of the Territory, shall have the same
force and effect as though the same had been
approved and signed by the Governor duly
appointed, subject to the future revision and
approval of Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is a joint resolu-
tion to declare valid the laws passed by the hist
session of the territorial Legislature of New
Mexico. In that Territory there was no Gov-
ernor last year. Under the law the secretary
of the Territory acts as Governor. The sec-
retary was removed about a year ago by the
appointment of a successor ; but tljat suc-
cessor never went to New Mexico and took
possession of the office, but the acting secre-
tary, Mr. Amy, continued to perform the du-
ties of secretary, and .acting as Governor he
approved the laws passed by the last terri-
torial Legislature of New Mexico. The At-
torney General is of opinion that Mr. Amy
was not in office, although his successor had
not qualified ; that the removal was complete.
But he actually acted. lie was the acting
secretary and Governor. There is a dispute
as to the validity of the laws, and the territo-
rial Legislature desire that they shall have the
sanction of Congress. The joint resolution is
reported from the Committee on the Judiciary,
and I presume there will be no objection to it.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 30. _
Mr. SHERMAN. As I know that bill will
give rise to debate, I should like now to submit
a motion that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
Mr. HAIILAN. I do not think it will give
rise to debate. The Committee on the District
of Columbia are unanimous in favor of its
passage. .
Mr. SHERMAN. I am in favor of it, but
I know it will give rise to debate, because the
subject was debated at I he last session and at
one or two sessions before.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state to my
friend from Ohio that it was not debated hero
in the Senate ; there was no objection to the
appropriation in the Senate; but the House
of Representatives refused by a very decided
vote to make the appropriation; and in the
committee of conference we were compelled
to give it up. 1 do not believe there will be
any chance of getting this bill any further than
through the Senate now. I think it is a very
important matter, but the House manifested
a fixed determination not to appropriate any-
thing more for the aqueduct.
Mr. HARLAN. I would be very glad if
the Senate would pass the bill, and if it should
