1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
to the polls at such an election; and hence it
"will be defeated. I will state to the Senator
from Maine what I think is the objection to
this provision, and I believe he will see it at
once. If the constitution is liberal, is of such
a character as he and I would approve, and it
is apparent that the truly loyal men; aided by
the, colored voters, are going to get possession
of the State and form a liberal government,
I apprehend that the rebels will be against it;
and in that event, by staying away from the
polls, under this amendment they have a greater
weight than they would have by going and vot-
ing, because you can never get all the voters to
the polls. Those opposed to the constitution
have the benelit of the absentees.
The illustration I gave was that in Georgia
if there are sixty thousand men in favor of the
ratification of the constitution, I do not be-
lieve il will lie possible to get fifty thousand of
them to the polls, and then the forty thousand
opposed to the constitution will defeat it. If,
on the other hand, the constitution should be
objectionable, if it should not be a liberal con-
stitution, and you only require a majority of
those voting, it will bo in our hands at last and
wo can protect the people, for it eomes to us
and must be approved by us before it can be
operative. This proposition, however, would
put it in the_ hands of the disloyal to defeat a
liberal constitution. I am afraid it will be in
their power to defeat the reorganization of
State governments in some of these States,
because a majority of all the registered voters
will not be got out to the polls to vote for the
constitution^ I know that I myself agreed to
the proposition originally in this very form,
for it is just the way the Committee on the
Judiciary reported it, and I assented to it and
1 shall assent to it now if the Senate think it
best, and 1 am willing to move that we concur
in the amendment; but the discussion satisfied
mo that it would be better to have it the other
way, and if I thought the feeling of the Sen-
ate would sustain me I would ask that the Sen-
ate disagree to the amendment. With the re-
flection which I have had I think its adoption
it. not the best course.
Mr. SHERMAN. I agree with the Senator
entirely as to the impropriety of this modifica-
tion ; and I submit to him whether at the next
session, if the constitution fairly represents
the will of the people, and that is evident from
the circumstances of the case, Congress can
then waive this condition? This is the last act
of the people there in reconstruction, and if
the bill be allowed to pass in this shape, Con-
gress may then, if it bo deemed proper and
expedient, waive this formality. I see no
practical difficulty in the way. It is true, I
think, that at the next session probably it will
appear that a majority of all the registered
voters have not voted for the constitution ; but
still we can wai-ve that objection. I therefore
see no sufficient difficulty in the way to induce
us to have a controversy with the House about
this matter, although I agree with the Senator
as to what he has said about it.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope there will be no
controvery with the House; but I hope there
will be no understanding that hereafter we are
to waive what we now require. I make this
remark now in order that hereafter, if any
proposition to waive one of these requirements
shall be made, it shall be fully understood that
there was a protest against it in advance.
Mr. WILLEY. I hope then, sir, if nothing
is to be waived hereafter, that wo shall settle
the question now. The amendment of the
House, it seems to me, settles the question
of reconstruction under this bill; that is to
say, it settles the question by leaving the
States as they are. Prom what I know of
southern sentiment, and what I know of the
condition of affairs in the South, I believe
most sincerely that the bill in the form in
which it comes from the House will result in
nothing. I do not believe that you can get a
majority of the registered voters in the South
upon tiie adoption of t'he constitution which
will be presented to them to vote upon it
either on the one side or the other. Under
this proposition the secession element in the
South, those who want no reconstruction, those
who want to keep the Union element in the
South still under the ban and under the foot
of their oppression, can accomplish it simply
by non-action, and they will do it. On the
other hand, it will be found, in the practical
operation of matters there, that on a vote on
this question it will be impossible to bring
more than two thirds of the negro voters to
the polls. By the time when this proposilicjn
shall be presented to them they will, not have
been sufficiently educated as regards their duty
in the premises to know exactly what to do.
About the towns, about the villages, about the
military posts they can be instructed, and they
can be brought to the polls; but in the inte-
rior of the country, upon the plantations, I
will venture the assertion, and affirm it here,
it will be found in the result of the experiment
that the influence of their employers still re-
maining upon them will prevent a large pro-
portion of the field hands from coming to the
polls at all. I will further venture the asser-
tion that the secession element, those who
want no reconstruction, those who want 110
practical relations with the Union, will pre-
vent the adoption of any constitution which
will be presented to them at the election con-
templated in this bill.
Therefore, sir, desiring as I do to see those
States, as speedily as may be practicable, re-
stored to their practical relations, I shall feel
constrained to vote against this proposition.
I would prefer to see the simple bill of last
session, without this supplementary bill at all,
presented to the southern people, believing
that the negroes and the loyal sentiment in
primary assemblies would in a shorter time
organize governments in the southern States
than they will be organized under the opera-
tion of this bill if it is allowed to remain as it
is. The bill, if passed as it is, settles the ques-
tion, not of reconstruction, but of non-recon-
struction. You will have no practical rela-
tions restored to the government of the south-
ern States under the operations of this bill, in
my opinion.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I regret very
much that this amendment has been made. I
think that it is a great mistake, made not in
the interest of reconstruction, and not in the
interest of the friends of the principles upon
which reconstruction is based ; that its prac-
tical operation will bo against the friends of
reconstruction upon these principles and not
for them, in other words, I think the amend-
ment is in the interest of those who are opposed
to the reconstruction of these States on the
terms and conditions proposed by Congress.
Sir, who to-day in these States are opposing
reconstruction upon the terms we have pro-
posed? The old rebel chiefs and leaders.
Howell Cobb was here weeks ago, and went
home to Georgia the other day, and advised
the people of Georgia to have nothing to do
with it. Other rebel leaders there are giving
the same counsel. It is so in other States.
Who is fighting the battle therefor reconstruc-
tion and acquiescing in the terms and condi-
tions wo have proposed? Governor Brown
came hero this winter with other leading men
from that State, consulted with the friends of
the constitutional amendment and the friends
of negro suffrage, heard their views, heard
what they had to say, and went home with the
resolution to do all he could in favor of acqui-
escing in the terms and conditions Congress
might propose; and he seized the earliest
moment that he could to advise the people of
Georgia to acquiesce in the constitutional
amendment.
Now, sir, who are to carry it out? Who are
the men that will do it? It will be the men
who are in favor of the constitutional amend-
ment. men who arc in favor of negro suffrage,
men who are in favor of making the constitu-
tions of these States in harmony with the terms j
and conditions and principles we have laid
down.
We all know that this bill came in here for
the purpose of carrying out the measure of the
last Congress in favor of reconstruction. We
know that that measure was proposed by the
friends of the country and of the equal rights
of all men, the friends of enfranchising the
black man and of weaponing his hand for de-
fense; the friends of taking the governments
of these rebel States out of the hands of their
rebel possessors, and giving the whole people,
including the seven hundred thousand enfran-
chised black men, the right to reconstruct their
own local governments, and to fill those gov-
ernments with truly loyal men. We all know
that the measure was introduced for that pur-
pose. We know that from the Potomac to the
Rio Grande the loyal white men, the colored
men whom we have enfranchised, and the re-
pentont and fair-minded rebels, the men who
mean to be with the country in the future, ac-
cept the terms and conditions we propose, and
are willing to go into the elections, willing and
desirous of organizing their States and comply-
ing with all that we demand. In face of that
fact and of the fact that the rebel leaders all
through the South know that this action will
take these States out of their control, that their
Governors, their Legislatures, and their lead-
ers must go out of office, that men who hold
views contrary to their own must take the con-
trol of those States if they are reorganized, in
view of the fact that these men are counseling
non-action, taking no part in the contest or
opposing what we do, this Congress of the
United States proposes to give these rebels the
advantage of counting everybody who will stay
at home.
Mr. President, I say the proposition is the
most extraordinary proposition that ever ema-
nated from a body of practical or sensible men.
It is a proposition to enable the rebel leaders
to take advantage of all the persons who are
hostile to these terms and all the persons who
cannot go to the polls to vote. We know that in
a great presidential election, in a great polit-
ical struggle, not more than four fifths of all
the votes are cast. Take the elections of 1860
and 186-1, and not more than four fifths of the
votes were cast. Georgia has been referred to
by the Senator from Illinois. Georgia has from
two hundred to two hundred and twenty-five
thousand voters; say two hundred thousand.
One fifth of that number, forty thousand will
not, under any spur and circumstances, go to
the ballot-box. That leaves one hundred and
sixty thousand who will vote. Now, we re-
quire that the vote shall bo over one hun-
dred thousand in order to carry the consti-
tution when it is made; and it has got to be
made. We have declared that it shall be
made, and these conventions will not make
any constitutions that do not comply with our
terms. £ say the constitution must be made in
accordance with the principles we have laid
down. They must, they will comply if they
are made at all. If the enemies of this recon-
struction policy obtain the control of a con-
vention they may make nothing at all; but
they will make no constitution and send it here
or "think of sending it here unless it accepts
tlie great fundamental principles we have laid
down.
Now, sir, I venture to say it will require a
most extraordinary exertion to obtain a ma-
jority of the whole vote in any one of these
Stales to carry one of these constitutions after
they are made. If il was submitted to the
people of my State with that requirement, the
chances would not be one in a thousand to
carry it. I do not believe there is a constitu-
tion in the country, unless it was adopted on
the day of a general election, that ever re-
ceived a majority of the votes of a State. I
venture to say there is not a loyal State in the
Union framing a constitutional amendment
and submitting it to a vote of the people, un-
less it be on the day of general election, which
brings out the people for the election of their
public officers, where it would bring one half
the voters to the polis.
As I said the other day, the State of New
