1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
election - for State officers under the new gov-
ernment should take place on the same day
that the constitution is submitted to the people.
That is not unusual in new States. I think it
highly desirable when these constitutions come
here that we should have something more than
the parchment. We should know into whose
hands actually the government is going; we
should know the men and their history who are
elected by the people. It will be a pretty good
sign as to the status of these new communities.
Therefore the objection made by my friend
from Massachusetts that nobody will come out
can be entirely gotten rid of, because you can
havea proper, and in my judgment a necessary
election of State officers, which will induce
everybody to come out, and one which 1 think
ought to be had before we undertake to approve
these constitutions and send them back we do
not know to whom.
Mr. MORTON. Before the vote is taken I
desire to enter my protest against this amend-
ment made by the House. It has been said
by the Senator from Massachusetts, and I
agree with him entirely, that although not so
intended, it is an amendment in. the interest
of rebels who are opposed to reconstruction.
It provides that every sick man, every lazy
man, every man who is too busy to go to the
polls, every sullen rebel, and every friend of
reconstruction who by any cause is kept from
going to the polls, shall be counted as voting
against the constitution. 1 have heard no man
express the opinion that lie believed, upon a
naked election held for the purpose of ratify-
ing a constitution, a majority of all the regis-
tered voters would be brought to the polls ;
and thus the constitution might fail, although
perhaps there was an actual majority in the
State in favor of ratifying it, and although four
fifths of all the voters who felt inclined or felt
willing or took interest enough in the matter
to go to the polls should vote in favor of the
ratification.
Let me ask the distinguished Senators who
are m favor of this amendment what will be
the effect in these rebel States if in the course
of this year or the fore part of next year elec-
tions shall be held and these constitutions
shall fail of ratification for warft of a majority
of all the registered voters? Then the whole
work falls to the ground. There is no provis-
ion in either of these bills for undertaking a
second convention or a second constitution,
and we are in a much worse condition than we
are now.
In my opinion, it is unreasonable to permit
the men who stay at home from any cause to
be counted against those who go to the polls.
As has been said, we know from actual expe-
rience, every intelligent man knows that in
every election, I do not care how much excite-
ment there maybe—take the great election of
18G4, between Lincoln and McCfellan—there
are thousands of men who fail to go to the
polls. In my own State there were thousands
ol'the friends of Mr. Lincoln, who from various
causes failed to go to the election ; and so it was
in the other States. We do not require this
principle in the most important elections. We
do not conduct any of the business of life, in
corporations, in deliberative assemblies of any
kind, on this principle.
Mr. POMEROY. We do in corporations.
Mr. MORTON. It is suggested that we do
in corporations. So far as the construction
of deliberative bodies is concerned, like this,
or a House of Delegates, we may fix a certain
number and require that to be a quorum ; but
it is a stated body where men are appointed to
go and meet for an express purpose, and clothed
with authority. It bears no comparison what-
ever to an election, to the idea of requiring a
quorum in an election. In the States where
they lequired a majority vote it has been found
to be inconvenient, and I believe has now been
abolished in all. In some of the States it was
formerly required that a candidate should re-
ceive a majority of all the votes east, and if
he did not there was no election. It was found
to be inconvenient, that it could not be con-
tinued, and it has been changed.
Sir, the idea of permitting all the men who
stay at home from indifference, hatred, sick-
ness, sullenness, laziness, ignorance, or any
cause to be counted against the constitution,
seems to me to be unreasonable. It will be
said that this clause has been put in for the
very purpose of enabling the enemies of recon-
struction to avail themselves of the absence of
men from whatever cause to defeat reconstruc-
tion, and thus by defeating reconstruction con-
tinue in power these existing rebel govern-
ments that we have so bitterly denounced.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the House of
Representatives.
Mr. DRAICE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest that instead of
taking the question on concurring, we insist
and ask for a committee of conference.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not in order.
Mr. WILSON. It can be done by general
consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object-
Mr. DRAKE. The question now is simply
on concurrence, is it not?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
question.
Mr. NYE. I paired off with the Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] on all ques-
tions pertaining to this bill where our votes
would disagree. I do not know how he would
vote upon this question if he were here.
Mr. JOHNSON. He would vote against
the amendment.
Mr. NYE. Then I shall not vote.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 21, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Cole. Conk-
ling. Conness, Corbett, Edmunds, Fcssenden. Fow-
ler, Harlan. Henderson, Morgan, Morrill ot Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Patterson of Tennessee, Poincroy, Sumner, Thayer,
Wade, and Yates—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalcw, Cattell, Cra-
gin, Dixon, Doolittle, Drake, Ferry, Frelinghuysen,
Howe, Johnson, Morton, Norton, Ramsey, Ross,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull,
Van Winkle, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Davis, Grimes, Guthrie, Hend-
ricks, Howard, Nye, Riddle, and Spraguo—8.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate
insist on its disagreement and ask for a com-
mittee of conference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mo-
tion is not in order. The next amendment
will be reported.
The Secretary read the third amendment of
the House of Representatives, which was after
the word "specified" in line five of page 5 of
the Senate amendment, to strikeout the words
" cast at said election, [at least one half of all
the registered voters voting upon the question
of such ratification.]"
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is a part of the
previous amendment really, and ought to be
disagreed to uccoiding to the last vote.
Mr. JOHNSON. But it is in a different
part of the bill. Of course everybody will vote
against this who voted against the other.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is in the same part
of the bill. The word "registered" came in
in the line previous, and this follows. It is all
one amendment, but we are voting twice. We
ought to disagree to this.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The fourth amendment of the House was to
add the following proviso to section 6 of the
Senate amendment:
Provided, That if any person shall.knowingly and
falsely take and subscribe any oath in this act Pre-
scribed, such person so offending, and being thereof
duly convicted, shall be subject to the pains, penal-
ties, and disabilities which by law are provided for
the punishment of the crime of willful and corrupt
pei jury;
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe all the House
amendments are now disposed of. I suppose
it is not necessary to ask for a committee of
conference: our action can go back to the
House, and they can then take action.
Mr. HENDERSON. Istherenotanamend-
ment with regard to the holders of office iti the
State of Virginia? Has that been acted upon?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
no other amendment. All the House amendr
ments have been disposed of.
JOINT COMMITTEE ON ORDNANCE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the following resolution from the
House of Representatives:
Revolved, (the Senate concurring.) That the fol-
lowing be added to the joint rules of the two Houses,
namely:
Rule —; There shall be appointed a joint commit-
tee on ordnance, to consist of three members of the
Senate anil three members of the House, to whom
shall be referred all matters in relation to ordnance
and ordnance stores and small-arms which shall
come in question and be referred to them by either
Houso; and also to inquire into the expenditures of
the Ordnance Bureaus of tlieWar and Navy Depart-
ments, and to report from time to time sueh meas-
ures in reference to those subjocts as to the said com-
mittee may seem advisable.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the resolution
was ordered to lie on the table.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business; and after some time spent in execu-
tive session, the doors were reopened, and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 18, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to dispense with
the reading of the Journal of Friday last.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask leave to introduce
resolutions of the State of Indiana for refer-
ence to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot receive
anything but the regular order of business.
Mr. HOLMAN. Not by unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot ask
unanimous consent during the morning hour
on Monday.
The regular order of business is the call of
the States and Territories for bills and joint
resolutions for reference only, not to be
brought back by motions to reconsider.
INFRINGEMENT 01' PATENTS, ETC.
Mr. CHANLER introduced a bill to prevent
infringements and frauds upon patents, and
for other, purposes; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be referred to the
Committee on Patents when appointed, and
to bo printed.
MEMBERS QUALIFIED.
Mr. BLAINE. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege, and ask that the members-elect from the
State of Now Hampshire who are now present
may be qualified.
Accordingly Mr. Jacob H. Ela and Mr.
Aaron F. Stevens appeared and took the oath
prescribed by law.
NATIONAL SCHOOL OF SCIENCE.
Mr. CHANLER introduced a bill to estab-
lish a national school of science; which was
read a first and second time, ordered to be
referred to the Committee on Mines and Mining
when appointed, and to be printed.
EXTINGUISHMENT OF NATIONAL DEBT.
Mr. RANDALL introduced a hill to author-
ize the issue of Treasury notes not bearing
interest to be used in providing a sinking fund
for the extinguishment of the national debt;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be referred to the Committee on Banking
and Currency when appointed, and to be
printed.
DUTY ON SCRAP IKON, ETC.
Mr. CAKE introduced a bill in relation to
duties on scrap iron, &c.; which was read a first
