1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187
other purposes;" which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be referred to the
Committee on Banking and Currency when
appointed, and to be printed.
call of states for resolutions.
The SPEAKER stated that the remainder
of the morning hour would be consumed in
calling States for resolutions, commencing with
the State of Ohio, where the call was sus-
pended.
Mr. SCHENCK submitted the following res-
olution, and demanded the previous question on
its adoption :
Jiesolved, (the Senate concurring,) Thatthe follow-
ing be added to tho joint rules of the two Houses,
namely:
Rule —. There shall be appointed a joint commit-
tee on ordnance, to consist of three members of tho
Senate and three members of the House, to whom
shall be referred all matters in relation to ordnance
andordnance stores and small-arms which shall come
in question and be referred to them by either House;
and also to inquire into the expenditures of the ord-
nance bureaus of the War and Navy Departments,
and to report from time to time such measures in
reference to thoso subjects as to the said committee
may seem advisable.
Mr. CHANLER. Ts that in order ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. CHANLER. Is it divisible?
The. SPEAKER. It is not divisible. In
order to make a resolution divisible each part
must be able to stand by itself if ths other
part should be rejected. If the first part of
the resolution were rejected the other part
would be a nullity.
Mr. CHANLER. Is an amendment in or-
der?
The SPEAKER. Not during the call for
the previous question.
Mr. BURR. Does the resolution contem-
plate the immediate appointment of the com-
mittee ?
The SPEAKER. It does if the Senate con-
cur.
The previous question was seconded and the
maiu question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
belaid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
barque jane c. woodruff.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I submit the fol-
lowing joint resolution, and call for the pre-
vious question:
Be it resolved by the Senate and Home of liepresent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, Thatthe Secretary of the Treasury be, and
he is hereby, authorized to issue a certificate of reg-
istry or enrollment and license to tho barque Jane
C. Woodruff, now owned by Denison Steele, of Toledo,
Ohio, and George Berriman, of Erie, Pennsylvania,
citizens of the United States: Provided. That there
shall be paid on the materials used in the construc-
tion of said vessel of foreign manufacture a tax equal
to the internal revenue tax.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I hope the gentleman
will let me move the following as a substitute:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he is hereby, authorized to issue certificates
of registry or enrollment and liccnse to the vessel Jane
C. Woodruff and the schooner Alpha, of Hamilton:
Provided, That there shall bo paid on each of said
vessels a tax equal to the internal revenuo tax upon
materials and construction ot similar vessels of Amer-
ican build.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. As the gentleman
was a member of the Committee on Commerce,
I accept the amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. A great number of
petitions were presented during the last Con-
gress in reference to this subject.
Mr. HOLM AN. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. PAENSjWORTH. If we pass any bill
it. should be a general one. I hope the pre-
vious question will not be seconded.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. It is a copy of a
resolution passed at the last session.
Mr. HOLMAN moved that the joint res-
olution be laid 011 the table.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
54, noes 30.
Mr. HOLMAM. 1 do not object to its refer-
ence to the Committee on Commerce when
appointed.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
west point military academy.
Mr. BINGHAM submitted the following
resolution, on which he demanded the pre-
vious question:
Resolved, That the members of tho Military Com-
mittee of the Thirty-Ninth Congress who are re-
elected to the Fortieth Congress are hereby author-
ized and directed to prosecute, during the recess, the
investigation into the management and general ad-
ministration of the West Point Military Academy,
which was ordered at the late session, and whieh was
not undertaken for want of time; that they be
empowered to send for persons and papers, and to
employ a clerk at the rate of compensation paid to
tho clerk of the Military Committee.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
20^ noes 38; 110 quorum voting.
The Chair ordered tellers; and appointed
Messrs. Bingham and Upson.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes ten, noes not counted.
So the question was not seconded.
Mr. CHANLER. I rise to debate the reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. Debate arising, the reso-
lution goes over.
books and public documents.
Mr. ECKLEY. I offer the following reso-
lution, and demand the previous question
thereon:
Jiesolved, That all books and public documents,
exeeptthe Congressional Ulobe, of which extra copies
have been ordered to bo printed for distribution, and
whieh have not been delivered to the porsons enti-
tled thereto under the resolution of the last House
of Representatives, shall now be delivered by the
officers having possession of the same to tho Repre-
sentatives in this House of those districts whoso for-
mer Representatives have not drawn tho documents
to which such districts were respectively entitled,
according to the rate of distribution established.
Mr. LAFLIN. Will the gentleman with-
draw the demand for the previous question?
Mr. ECKLEY. I do not.
Mr. UPSON. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
On laying the resolution on the table there
were—ayes 33, noes fiO.
Mr. KELLEY. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Kelley and Eckley.
Mr. PAINE. I ask unanimous consent to
have read a letter on this subject by Hon. Mr.
Hart, a late member of the House.
Mr. JUDD. I object.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I rise to a question of
privilege in connection with this subject. One
week ago to-day a resolution of precisely the
same kind was before the House, being intro-
duced by my colleague, [Mr. Eckley. J The
reporter of the Associated Press, by mistake,
gave me the credit for introducing it. I desire
to say that I was absent in New York on that
day and the credit should have been given to
my colleague. I am opposed to the resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. That is not a question of
privilege.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes 33, noes 02.
Mr. UPSON. I call the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Tho question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 46, nays 69, not voting
48 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, James M. Ashley, Beaman. Benjamin, B^-gham,
Boutwcll, Broomall, Reader W. Clarke, Eggleston,
Ela, Ferris?, Garfield, Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Julian, Kelley, Ketcham, Laflin, W'lham
Lawrence, Loan, Mereur, Myers, Newcomb, Niblack,
Henry D. Washburn, Wellcer, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—4fi. .
NAYS—Messrs. Ames.Baker, Banks, Blair, Boyer,
Bromwcll, Brooks, Buckland, Burr, Butler, Chanler,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Covodc, Cullorn,
Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eldridgc, Farns-
worth Fox. Getz, Glossbrcnner, Hamilton, llaycs,
Holman, Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Hunter,
Judd, Kerr, Kitchen, Logan, LoughridgeMallory,
McCullough, Miller, Moore, Morgan. Morrissey,
IHunscen, Perham, Peters, Pile, Polsley, Prnyn, Ran-
dall, Robertson, Robinson, Savryei, Shanko, Shella-
barger, Sitgreaves, Smith, Stewart, Taffe, Taylor,
rwitchell, v an Aukcn, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, Thomas Williams, William
^ jlilSSfkvSffiS?? -P- Wilson, and Wood—59.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Baldwin, Barnes,
Blame, Cake, Churchill, Cornell, Dawes, Denison,
S-hofc Berry, Fields, Finney. Gravely, Griswold,
Haight, Halsey, Harding, Hill, Humphrey, IngersoII,
Kelsey. Koontz,George V.Lawrence,Lincoln,Lynch,
Marshall Marvin McCarthy, MeClurg, Moorbead,
Morrell, Noell, 1 helps, Pike, Poland, Price, Baum,
Ross, Selye, Spalding, Aaron F. Stevens. Thaddeus
Stevens, Stone, Trowbridge, William B. Washburn,
John T. Wilson, and Stephen F. Wilson—48.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
_ The question recurred on seconding the pre-
vious question.
Mr. BROOMALL. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Broomall and Buckland.'
The House divided : and the tellers reported
—ayes 59, noes 29.
So the previous question was seconded. The
main question was then ordered.
Mr. UPSON. I demand the yeas and nays
on agreeing to the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in tho affirmative—yeas 07, nays 43, not voting
53; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Baker, Banks, Blaine, Blair,
Boyer, Brooks, Buckland, Burr, Butler, Chanler,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn,
Cook, Covode, Cuilom, Bodge, Eckley, Eldridge,
Fox, Getz, Glossbrenner, Gravely, Hamilton, Hayes,
Holman, Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Humphrey,
Iluntor, Judd, Kerr, Kitchen, Logan, Loughridge.
Mallory, McCullough, Moore, Morgan, Morrissey,
Perham, Peters, Pile, Poland, Polsley, Pruyn, Ran-
dall, Robertson, Robinson, Sawyer, Shanks, Shella-
barger, Sitgreaves, Stewart, Taffe, Taylor, TlvitcheJl,
Van Aukcn, VaMtrump, Van Wyck, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Thomas Williams, William Williams,
James I'1. Wilson, and Wood—67.
NAYS—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ash-
Icy, Baldwin, Beaman, Benjamin, Bmgham, Bout-
well, Broomall, Donnelly, Eggleston, Garfield, Ches-
ter I). Hubbard, Hulburd, Julian, Kelley, Ketcham,
Koontz, Laflin, William Lawrence, Loan, Mercur,
Miller, Myers,Newcomb, Niblack, Nicholson, O'Neill,
Orth, Paine, Plants, Pomeroy, Scoiield, Taber, "Up-
son, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van
Horn, Ward, Henry D. Washburn, Welker, John T.
Wilson, Windoin, and Woodbridge—43.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Archer,
Barnes, Bromwell, Cake, Churchill, Cornell, Dawes,
Denison, Driggs, Ela, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss,
Ferry, Fields, Finney, Griswold, Haight, lialsey,
Harding,Hill, Hooper, Ingersoll, Kelsey, George v.
Lawrence, Lincoln, Lynch, Marshall, Marvin, Mc-
Carthy,MeClurg, Moorhcad, Morrell, Mungon, Noell,
Phelps, Pike, Price, Raum, Ross, Schenck, Sclye,
Smith, Spalding, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Ste-
vens, Stone, Thomas, Trowbridge, William.!!. Wash-
burn, and Stephen F. Wilson—53.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. ECKLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had passed a concurrent resolution in
regard to the duty of the joint Committee on
Retrenchment.
The message further informed the House that
the Senate had passed bill of the House No. 33,
supplementary to an act entitled '' An act to
provide for the more efficient government of
the rebel States," passed March 2, 1867, and
to facilitate restoration, with an amendment,
in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the Hoase.
The message turther informed the House that
the Senate had passed joint resolution of the
House No 10, in relation to certain coin and
bullion on deposit in the Treasury, with an
amendment, in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had passed a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 22) declaring the meaning of the
second section of the act of March 2, 180 i,
relating to property lost in the military ser-
vice, and an act (S. No. 61) to provide for a
district and a circuit court of the United States
for the district of Nebraska; and in both of
which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of tho House.
