188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
fenian invasion of canada.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
oonsidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President, of the United States
be requested, if not incompatible with the public
interest, to communieate to this House such informa-
tion as he mny have of the results of the late trials
of citizens of the United States under the charge of
complicity in the so-called Fenian invasion of that
Province.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs whether
his committee designs to make any report in
regard to tho resolution referred to that com-
mittee expressive of sympathy with the Irish
republic and the pending rebellion in Ireland?
Mr. BANKS. I will answer that question
when another resolution which I hold in my
hand is disposed of.
• withdrawal of french troops.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to this House, if not
incompatible with the public interest, the latest
official information which may have been received
in reeard to the withdrawal of I'rench troops from
the Mexican republic.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion toltecoiisider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. "WOOD. "Will the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Banks] now answer the ques-
tion which I asked a few minutes ago ?
Mr. BANKS. The Committee on Foreign
Affairs have had under consideration the mat-
ter referred to them, but I am not authorized
to make a final report now. Other meetings
will be held, and before an adjournment takes
place I shall have an opportunity to make a
statement on this question.
order of business.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the motion of the gentleman from Minnesota,
[Mr. Donnelly,] made on Monday last, to
suspend the rules in order to enable him to
submit a resolution in relation to the Fenian
movements in Ireland.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move that the
House now proceed to the consideration of
business on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
liquor in the capitol.
The first business on the Speaker's table
was a concurrent resolution of the Senate, to
amend the nineteenth joint resolution of the
two Houses to prevent the sale or use of liquors
in the Capitol building or grounds adjacent
thereto.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That the nineteenth joint rule of
the two Houses be amended so as to read as follows,
namely:
No spirituous or inalt liquors, or wines, shall bo
offered for sale, exhibited, or kept within the Capi-
tol, or in any room or building connected, therewith,
or on the public grounds adjacent thereto. And it
shall be tho duty of the Sergeants-at-Arms of the two
Houses, under the supervision of the Presiding Offi-
cers thereof, respectively, to enforce the foregoing
provisions. And any officer or employe of either
House who shall in any manner violate, or connive
at the violation of this rule, shall be dismissed from
office.
The question was upon concurring in the
resolution.
Mr. BLAINE. Before the vote is taken
upon concurring in this resolution I deem it
proper to state that for four years past, during
the time I have had the honor of a seat in this
House and you, Mr. Speaker, have had the
honor of presiding over this House, there has
been no liquor sold in this end of the Capitol.
I am perfectly willing to help the Senate ex-
pel liquor from their end of the Capitol build-
ing ; but we do not need the reform over here.
The resolution was concurred in.
issues by treasury department.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a concurrent resolution of the Senate
relative to the duties of the joint Committee
on Retrenchment.
The concurrent resolution was then read, as
follows:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Kepresenta-
tives concurring,) That the joint Committee on Re-
trenchment be, and are hereby, instructed to make
a careful and minute examination of the method,
adopted by the Treasury Department to print the
bonds, notes, and securities of the United States,
what guards have been adopted to prevent fraud or
mistake, and what additional guards, if any, ought
to be adopted to prevent fraud or mistake; whether
there has been any fraudulent or erroneous issue of
bonds, notes, or coupons, and if so, by whoso fault
oi* negligence, and tho proper remedy and prevention
thereof; and especially to examine into the official
conduct of those charged with tho printing, registra-
tion, and issuing of any notes, bonds, or securities
of the United States; and that said committee have
power to sit during the recess of Congress, to send
for persons and papers, to examine the same, and to
take testimony, and report at the next session of
Congress.
Mr. COVODE obtained the floor.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Inasmuch as this
resolution will probably give rise to discussion,
I would ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Covode] to allow me to move to lay
aside this concurrent resolution for the present.
Mr. COVODE. I would prefer to have the
resolution disposed of at this time, inasmuch
as a few days ago I made a motion to have a
select committee appointed to investigate cer-
tain charges made on this floor and elsewhere
with regard to malfeasance in the Treasury
Department.
This resolution of the Senate comes before
us in such a shape as to postpone the settle-
ment of this question until after the meeting
of the next session of Congress. Now, if it
be true that fraudulent or irregular issues of
fractional currency, or bonds, or other issues
of tho Government have been made from the
Treasury, or that Government bonds or cou-
pons have been duplicated, (and it is admitted
that duplicate coupons have come in and been
redeemed,) the sooner this question is looked
into and that bureau of the Department shut
up the better. The postponement of this in-
vestigation until the next session of Congress
will give the individual who is charged with
this practice an opportunity of going on issuing
as many spurious or duplicate bonds as he may
see fit. The people of this country want to
know whether the bonds they may have in
their possession are genuine or not. It has
been admitted that coupons of duplicate bonds
have been presented and redeemed.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I would ask
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Co vode]
what authority he has for saying that it is con-
ceded that spurious or duplicate bonds have
been issued? It was stated in the debate in
the Senate a day or two ago that the allegation
that fraudulent bonds have been issued was a
mistake.
Mr. COVODE. A gentleman from New
York, a member of the Committee of Ways
and Means, who gave attention to this matter,
stated in his seat on one of the last evenings
of the last session that there had been dupli-
cate bonds issued, and also an overissue of
fractional currency, if I understood him aright.
Nflw, Mr. Speaker, this statement has gone
abroad, and it is time that the public mind
should be set at rest on this question.
Mr. CHANLER. Will the gentleman state
for the information of the House tho amount
in money of those bonds and that spurious
currency ?
Mr. COVODE. From Mr. Colby's letter
I understand that there have been such coupons
to the amount of $16,000 taken up, and his
statement does not come down to the present
date, but only to the 1st of November las_t.
We have no evidence with regard to what
number of spurious duplicates have been re-
deemed since November 1, 1866. .
Mr. ALLISON. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania whether he is not
aware that the interest, account at the Treasury
balances to day? If there had been a spurious
issue of bonds it would be detected in balan-
cing the accounts at the Treasury.
Mr. COVODE. I am not aware of that. I
am advised this morning from the highest source
that the investigation with regard to this ques-
tion has not been gone through with, and the
report has not been made.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether he means to declare here that
it has been acknowledged or discovered that
any spurious bonds at all have been issued?
Are the alleged irregularities anything more
than a more duplication of numbers? Does
the gentleman say that there is any evidence
that there has been an issue of spurious bonds
•to the amount of $16,000?
Mr. COVODE. I have already said that the
gentleman from New York stated that there
had been  
Mr. GARFIELD. An issue of spurious
bonds?
Mr. COVODE. Duplicate bonds.
Mr. GARFIELD. Ah, that is quite a dif-
ferent thing.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania rather
overstates the remark to which he refers as
having been made by the gentleman from New
York. I think that gentleman spoke only of
some irregularities with regard to the records;
but since this question has come up, within the
last few days 1 have taken particular pains to
look into this matter at the Treasury Depart-
ment; and the Register, Mr. Colby, stated to
me that up to this time the whole amount of
counterfeit or altered coupons, or coupons in
which any irregularity has been detected, is
but $10,000. He showed me a detailed state-
ment, by which it appeared that seven eighths
of those coupons were not printed at the Treas-
ury Department, but were printed by the Bank
Note Company.
Mr. SCOFIELD. With the consont ofmy
colleague, [Mr. Covode,] I would like to'^ask
the gentleman from Massachusetts a question.
Do I understand the gentleman to say that
there are $16,000 of coupons or $16,000 of
bonds?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Sixteen
thousand dollars of coupons. All the coupons
in regard to which there was any irregularity
amounted to $16,000.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That would make the
amount of the bonds to which the coupons
belonged something over half a million dollars.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. A great
many of them were coupons of bonds undoubt-
edly regular, in regard to which it could be
traced where they had been altered. The sup-
position is that parties may have stolen these
coupons, and then changed the numbers in
order to prevent their being traced tlnough
advertisements or by detectives having knowl-
edge of the numbers stolen.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I was not interrupting to
throw any suspicion upon the Treasury. In
making the inquiry my object was to ascertain
the amount supposed to be irregular. If there
are $16,000 of irregular coupons, then we
would have something over half a million of
bonds in all.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. But these
were not, as I will state, irregularities of bonds.
There was no evidence of any such irregularity.
In many eases it was in numbering the coupons.
These coupons are numbered by a machine,
and in several instances it was evidently an
error. For instance, there would be two of
941, none of 942, and the next number would
be 943. There was no evidence of overissue or
fraudulent issue of bonds by the Department.
Mr. COVODE. If the member from Mas-
sachusetts is right in his suggestion, it would
be better for all of the parties connected with
the Treasury to have it made a matter of rec-
