1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
189
ord. We should have the testimony regularly
taken and spread before the country, so that
the public mind may be put at rest. I will say,
what every gentleman knows, that it is not at
rest to-day on these questions.
Mr. O'NEILL. I am one who. should like
to see the public mind at rest, but my impres-
sion is this is not the way to accomplish it.
This constant agitation of the same matter is
rather calculated to produce unrest. Now, I
ask my colleague whether in the circle of his
acquaintance he has ever known of any man,
woman, or child who held invalid bonds?
Mr. COVODE. There is no telling who has
a genuine bond or who has a spurious one, or
rather who has a duplicate bond. There is no
question or doubt but they were made upon
the same plate -and of the gentleman who is in
charge of this Department every gentleman in
this House bas' been suspicious, probably for
years, of his character. I have had these sus-
picions myself for twelve years. It is and has
been a matter of astonishment that he should
be retained in a position the most important,
perhaps, connected with the revenues of the
country.
Mr. O'NEILL. One word more. Iwishto
say generally, in the first place, that for one I
am opposed to any further skirmishing with the
finances of the country ; and next, in reply to
my colleague, I will venture the statement that
in the community from which I come, which
has been one of the heaviest purchasers of
United States bonds and securities, there is not
a man, woman, or child who has received a
fraudulently issued bond, or who has lost by
any counterfeit bond. If there has been any
such case I have not heard of it.
I learn to-day from the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] as I learned the
other day from the public prints, that the total
amount of irregularities is $16,000, and these
irregularities chiefly arise from errors in print-
ing. I hope the gentleman's resolution will
not prevail.
Mr. COVODE. I will not yield again until
I have concluded what little I have risen to say.
Now, sir, if there be no person hit by this
proposed investigation then why all this flut-
tering? If I were at the head of this Depart-
ment 1 would hasten the investigation and as
soon as possible quiet the public mind. I
should be unwilling to let the matter go over
the summer till next December, so as to leave
power still in the hands of corrupt men, if any
there be, to issue false and fraudulent cur-
rency and securities. I do not understand
these parties object to the investigation ; why
then do gentlemen rise up here and make ob-
jection? The head of the Department does
not object to it. I deem it to be a duty that
this investigation should proceed. I move, if
in order, my resolution lor the resolution of
the Senate.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to move
a House resolution for a Senate concurrent res-
olution.
Mr. COVODE. T gave notice on last Thurs-
day T would introduce my resolution.
Mr. BINGHAM. I demand the previous
question on the Senate resolution.
Mr. CHANLER. What does the gentleman
from Pennsylvania propose to do if he finds the
fraud as extensive as he says?
Mr. COVODE. If the frauds are as exten-
sive as I have been induced to believe they are,
I would lock up that Department and stop mak-
ing spurious money within three days.
Mr. BINGHAM. I insist upon the demand
for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. COVODE. I call for the yeas and nays
on concurring in the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The concurrent i esolution was then agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the concurrent resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OOVEKNMENT OF THE REBEL STATES.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the consideration of the amendment of the Seu-
ate to House bill No. 33, supplementary to an
act entitled "An act to provide for the more
efficient government of the rebel States,'' passed
March 2, 1867, and to facilitate restoration.
The amendment of the Senate was reported,
as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert:
That before the 1st day of September, 1887, the
commanding general in each district defined by an
act entitled 'An act to provide for the more efficient
government of the rebel States,passed March 2,
1867, shall cause a registration to be made of the
male citizens of the United States, twenty-one years
of age and upward, resident in each county or par-
ish in the State or States included in his district,
which registration shall include only those per&ons
who are qualified to vote lor delegates by the act
aforesaid, and who shall have taken and subscribed
the following- oath or affirmation: "I, ,
do solemnly swear, (or affirm,) in the presence of Al-
mighty God, that I am a citizen of the {State of
 •; that I have resided in said State for 
mouths next preceding this day. and now reside in
tho county of , or the parish of , in said
Stato, (as the case may be;) that I am twenty-one
years old; that I have not been disfranchised for
participation in any rebellion or civil war aganist
the United States, nor for felony committed against
tho laws of any State or of the "United States; that I
have never taken an oath as a member of Congress
of the United States, or as an officer of the United
States, or as a member of any Stato Legislature, or
as an executive or judicial officer of any Stato, to
support the Constitution of tho United States,
and afterward engaged in insurrection or rebellion
against the Uni ted States or given aid or comfort t o
the enemies thereof; that I will faithfully support
the Constitution and obey the laws of the United
States, and will, to the best of my ability, cncourage
others so to do: so help me Godwhich oath or affir-
mation may be administered by any registering
officer.
Seo. 2. And be it further enacted, That after tho
completion of the registration hereby provided for
in any State, at such time and places therein as the
commanding general shall appoint and direct, of
which at least thirty days' public notice shall be
given, an election shall be held of delegates to a
convention for the purpose of establishing a consti-
tution and civil government for such State loyal to
tho Union; said convention in each State, except
Virginia, to consist of the same number of members
as the most numerous branch of the State Legisla-
ture of such Stat© in the year 18150, to be apportioned
among the several districts, counties, or parishes of
such {State by the commanding general, giving to
each representation in the ratio of voters regis-
tered as aforesaid as nearly as may be. The conven-
tion in Virginia shall consist of the samo number of
members as represented the territory now constitu-
ting Virginia in the most numerous branch of the
Legislature of said State in the year 1860, to be
apportioned as aforesaid.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That at said elec-
tion tho registered voters of each State shall vote for or
against a convention to form a constitution therefor
under this act. Those voting in favor of such a con-
vention shall have written or printed on the ballots
by which they vote for delegates as aforesaid the
words, "For a convention," and those voting against
such a convention shall have written or printed on
such ballots the words, "Against a convention.-"
The persons appointed to superintend said election
and to make return of the votes given thereat, as
herein provided, shall count and make return of the
votes given lor and against a convention: and the
commanding general to whom the samo shall have
been leturned shall ascertain and declare the total
vote in each Stato for and against a convention. If
a majority of the votes given on that question shall
be lor a convention, then such convention shall be
held as hereinafter provided; but it' a majority of
said votes shall be against aconvention, then no such
convention shall be held under this act: Provided,
That such convention shall not be held unless a ma-
jority of all such registered voters shallhave voted
on the question of holding such convention.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the com-
manding general of each district shall appoint such
loyal officers or persons as may be necessary, not ex-
ceeding three in each election district in any State,
to make and complete the legislation, superintend
the election, and make return to him of the votes,
lists of voters, and of the persons elected asdelegates
by a plurality of the votes cast at said election; and
upon receiving said returns he shall open the same,
ascertain the persons elected as delegates according
to the returns of the officers who conducted said flec-
tion, and make proclamation thereof; and if a ma-
jority of the votes given on that Question shall be
for a convention, the commanding general, within
sixty days from the date of election, shall notify the
delegates to assemble in convention, at a time and
place to bo mentioned in the notification, and said
convention, when organized, shall proceed to frame
a constitution and civil government according to the
provisions of this act. and the act to which it is sup-
plementary; and when the same shall have been so
framed, said constitution shall be submitted by the
convention tor ratification to the persons registered
under the provisions of this act at an election to be
conducted by the officers or persons appointed by the
commanding general, as hereinbefore provided, and
to be held after the expiration of thirty days from
the date of notice thereof, to be given by said con-
vention \ and the returns thereof shall he made to
the commanding general of the district.
disc. 5. And be it further enacted. That if, according
to said returns, the constitution shall be ratified by
a majority of the votes of the electors qualified as
herein specified, cast at said election, (at least one
half of all the registered voters voting upon the ques-
tion of such ratification,) the president of the con-
vention shall transmit a copy of the same, duly cer-
tified,.to the President of the United States, who
shall forthwith transmit tho same to Congress, if then
in session, and if not in session, then immediately
upon its next assembling; and if the said constitu-
tion shall bedeclared byCongressto be in conformity
with tho provisions of tho act to which this is supple-
mentary, and the other provisions of said act shall
have been complied with, and the said constitution
shall be approved by Congress, the State shall be
declared entitled to representation, and Senators
and Representatives shall be admitted therefrom as
therein provided. !
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That all elections
in the States mentioned in the said act to provide for
the more efficient government of the rebel States,
shall, during the operation of said act, be by ballot;
and all officers making the said registration of voters
and conducting said elections shall, before entering
upon the discharge of their duties, take and subscribe
an oath faithfully to perform the duties of their said
office, and the oath prescribed by the act approved
July 2, 1862, entitled "An act to prescribe an oath of
office."
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That all expenses
incurred by the several commanding generals, or by
virtue of any orders issued, or appointments mad©
by them, under or by virtue of this act, shall be paid
out of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Sec. 8 And be it further enacted, That the conven-
tion for each State shall prescribe the fees, salary,
and compensation to be paid to all delegates and
other officers and agents herein authorized or neces-
sary to carry into effect the purposes of this act not
herein otherwise provided for, and shall provide for
the levy and collection of such taxes on the prop-
erty in such State as may be necessary to pay the
same.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the word
article in the sixth section of tho act to which this
is supplementary shall bo construed to mean sec-
tion.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It is my purpose
to move to concur in the Senate amendment
with certain amendments which I am directed
to offer by the Committee on the Judiciary.
The first amendment is in section one, line
twenty-two, after the word "States" to insert
the following as a part of the oath prescribed:
That I have never been a member of any State
Legislature, nor held any exeoutive or judicial office
in any State, and afterward engagedin insurrection
or rebellion againstthe United States or given aid or
comfort to the enemies thereof.
I will state the purpose of this amendment.
It has been ascertained since the passage of
this bill that certain executive and legislative
officers in at least one of the rebel States have
not been required to take the oath prescribed
by the constitutional amendment to support
the Constitution of the United States, as for
instance in the State of Virginia, where the
executive and judicial oath has been for years
omitted. Therefore it is feared that while
those persons were intended to be included
within the provisions of the third section of
the constitutional amendment submitted to the
States by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, they
would not in fact be so included. That section
provides that—
"No person shall be a Senator or Representative in
Congress or elector of President and Vice President,
or hold any office, civil or militaiy, under the United
States, or under any State, who, having previously
taken an oath as a member of Congress or as an offi-
cer of the United States, or as a member of any Stato
Legislature, or as an executive or judicial offieer of
any State to support the Constitution of the United
States, shall have engaged in insurrection or rebel-
lion against the same or given aid or comfort to the
enemies thereof."
Now, although all persons were intended to
be included in that section who have held ex-
ecutive, judicial, or legislative offices in any
State and afterward went into the rebellion,
yet those who did not take the oath to support
the Constitution of the United States would
not, by the terms of this bill, be brought within
the exclusion of the third section of the consti-
tional amendment. The provision of the bill,
therefore, ought to be extended in its opera-
tion, so that those parties shall not be permit-
ted to take advantage of their own wrong,
Mr. SPALDING. I would like to inquire
if the gentleman is not assuming what does
not belong to the qualification which is con-
tained in the constitutional amendment when
he says it was intended to include every legis-
