1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
has hpen favorably reported upon several times
unanimously.
Mr. _WARD. Has it been considered by any
committee of this House during this or any
former Congress?
Mr. LOAN. No, sir; it is a Senate bill.
Mr. WARD. Well, I suggest to the gentle-
man that he allow the bill to be referred to the
Committee of Claims when appointed.
Mr. LOAN. When the House shall have
heard the statement I propose to make I think
members will be satisfied that the bill should
be passed now.
This bill was referred to the appropriate
Senate committee of the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, and was reported upon favorably by the
unanimous vote of the committee. During the
closing hours of the session it happened not to
be called up in the Senate. At the present
session the bill has been again referred to the
Committee on Claims of that body. It has
again received the uuuuimous sanction of that
committee, and has been passed by the Senate
without a division. The evidence in this case
is record evidence; and it shows this to be a
very meritorious and just claim. The accounts
of this officer cannot be settled without the
passage of a bill of this kind. I ask the Clerk
to read the report of the Senate committee,
which I think will exhibit the case satisfacto-
rily to every member.
Mr. SPxVLDING. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Missouri why he is not willing
that this bill shall take the usual course and
be referred to a committee. Certainly the
accounts need not be closed up before the next
session of Congress.
Mr. LOAN. This case has undergone full
examination during the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress. The statement of the accounting offi-
cers, which is embraced in the report, shows, I
think, the entire justice of the claim. When
the report shall have been read I think the
gentleman will be fully satisfied. I call for the
reading of the report.
The Clerk read as follows :
The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred a
bill for the relief of John II. Efli3, a paymaster in
the United States Army, have had the samo under
consideration, and beg leave to report:
That while the said Ellis was engaged in the dis-
charge of his duties as paymaster as aforesaid at
Fort Leavenworth, in the State of Kansas, there
were stolen from him funds belonging to the United
States, amounting to the sum of $18,035 01, on the
night of the 1st of January, 1866.
On the application of the said Ellis, a board of
officers, consisting of Colonel J. V. ]>. Reeve, thir-
teenth United States infantry; Brevet Lieutenant
Colonel G. AY. Yates, of the thirteenth Missouri cav-
alry, and Lieutenant it. A. Torrey, thirteenth United
States infantry, "were detailed by 13revet Major Gen-
eral Elliott to examine and report upon the robbery
aforesaid. The tacts connected with said robbery
are set forth in their report, as follows:
"The board find that a safe containing Govern-
ment funds to the amount of some nineteen thou-
sand dollars, as stated by Major Ellis, additional
paymaster United States Army, was stolen from the
office of Major Ellis within the limits of the post of
Eort Leavenworth, Kansas, some time during tho
night oi the 1st instant, (January, 1866.) Tho cir-
cumstances were these: the oflicc, which is a room
in a building used for such purposes, situated on the
cast side of the parade, was left, during the night
in quesiion. in charge of an ordeily to Major Ellis,
named "W. L. Eulcher, a private in the thirteenth
Missouri cavalry; said orderly, together with Major
iiowon's orderly, Albert Godfrey, of one of the vol-
unteer regiments United States, occupying a room
directly m the roar of the office robbed. Mr. Kem-
per, clerk in the employ of Major Ellis, and who
usually slept in tho same room with the orderlies,
on returning to the office on the morning of the 2d
instant, found tho hall doors, also the door of tho
office, locked; and going in, after opening the door
with pass-key, found the safe gone, and informed
Alaior Ellis of the fact without delay. Privates \Y.
L. Euleher and Albert Godfrey, the orderlies in ques-
tion, were absent, and had left in their room a large
part of their soldiers' clothing, and several things
were found in the pockets of their pants, among
which a large bunch of keys of various sizes, an awl
with broken point, and some small pieces of iron,
filed down as if to fit tho wards of the lock of the
safe. Two pairs of trowsers, one coat, and one vest,
(citizens',) the property of Mr. Kemper, were taken
from this room. It seems to have been the practice
of Major Ellis to permit no one to go to the safe for
tho purposeof getting money, doing all the handling
of it himself; and had ulwa>s kept it under his own
eye, unless lie had reason to suppose th.it bis clerk
was in his office. Major Ellis did not think a guard
necessary for the protection ot Government money
when in safe, preferring to keep it in quarters whore
he lives, or in his office, with his clerk to keep watch.
On the night in question Major Ellis was in his office
until about eight o'clock p. m., before which time the
clerk came in, and it was supposed by Major Ellis
that he. (tho clerk) intended to romain in the build-
ing during tho night, as such was his custom. On the
contrary, Mr. Kemper went out, remaining out all
night, thus affording thieves an opportunity to do
their work. It would seem that Major Ellis took all
care that seemed necessary for the safe-keeping of
the money in question, and that duo vigilance had
been used for its proper keeping."
In the affidavit of Kemper, the clerk, he states:
"About eight o'clock p. m. of the 1st of January,
1866, affiant returned from Leavenworth city, where
he had been during the day, and found Major Ellis
in tho office with tho safe in which ho kopt the Gov-
ernment money. Shortly afterward he loft for the
night, leaving affiant in the room with the safe, the
safe-keys being in possession of Major Ellis. The
orderly in daily attendance, having performed his
duties for the day, left the offico. Being desirous of
seeing a friend in the city, who was about leaving
on a journey, afliant concluded to return to tho city,
and knowing the comparatively small amount of
money in the s;ife, and considering it ontirely safe
and prudent to leave the premises without notify-
ing Major Ellis of his intention to do so, he locked
and securely fastened the door of the office; and not
deeming it possible for any one to break into tho
room and carry tho safe past tho guard, whose duty
it was to challenge every one passing after tattoo,
he returned to the city."
Tiie report andfmdingof said board were approved
by General Elliott, and are, in the_ opinion of the
committee, fully sustained by the evidence.
The robbers were pursued and overtaken, and
turned out to be the aforesaid orderlies who were in
attendance as aforesaid. They wore brought back
to camp, tried, convicted, and sentenced to tcnyoars'
service in the penitentiary. There were recovered
from them the sum of $14,786 of the money stolen,
and two saddles and two horses, out of the sale of
which tho sum of $176 was realized, leaving a deficit
lost by tho robbery of S3,673 01.
Major Ellis files with the papers before the com-
mitteeastatcmentof F. E. Hunt, paymaster in charge
of tho district at the time of the robbery, certifying
to the care, integrity, and faithful official conduct of
Major Ellis, and that, in the opinion of said Hunt,
the said Ellis " took due care of the public money in
his possession at all times." And on this certificate
of Paymaster Ilunt tho Paymaster General has mado
an indorsement, concluding as follows: " 1 concur in
tho belief, as stated by Colonel Hunt, that Major
Ellis has been duly careful of the public money in
his charge."
Concurring in the finding aforesaid of the board of
officers aforesaid, and with the Paymaster General,
that said Ellis was a careful custodian of the public
money in his charge, and at the tirno of tho robbery
was guilty of no remissness of duty, or carelessness of
conduct, that would, legally or morally, render him
liable for tho unrecovered money stolen, the com-
mittee recommend the passago of said bill.
Mr. LOAN. I desire to state that this mat-
ter has undergone the revision of Major Ellis's
superior officer, who acquits him'of all blame,
believing that he is neither morally nor legally
bound to reimburse the money. The bill
merely proposes to refer the matter to Pay-
master General Brice, that he may revise these
accounts and ascertain whether Major Ellis is
entitled to be allowed this amount of money,
it having been lost without any fault on his
part.
Mr. WARD. Mr. Speaker, I had the honor
to be a member of the Committee of Claims
during the Thirty-Ninth Congress. A large num-
ber of claims of this character came before that
committee, claims forbonds and moneys stolen,
obligations of different sorts destroyed or lost
in various ways. The claims ol'this character
nmounted in tho aggregate to millions of dollars.
Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 think that we should not
pass claims of this sort without submitting them
to the consideration of some committee. I
have great respect for the Senate Committee
on Claims, and also great respect for the opin-
ions and wishes of the gentleman from Mis-
souri ; but I believe that we should not thus
early in the session establish the principle of
permitting the passago through this House of
a bill which will charge the Government with
the payment of money (and such will be the
effect of this bill if t-he Paymaster General
should certify that in his opinion tho claimis
proper) without the examination of the claim
by any committee. I trust the gentleman will
allow me to enter a motion to refer this bill to
the Committee of Claims when appointed._
Mr. LOAN. I demand the previous question.
Mr. WARD. I hope it will not be seconded.
Mr. LOAN. I withdraw it for a moment,
and yield to the gentleman from Michigan.
Mr. DlilGGrS. When this bill was first read
I was inclined to vote against it, but after hear-
ing the report, of the committee read, after the
statement that this theft was committed by men
in the United States service, in whose charge
it was placed, that they were pursued, con-
victed, and imprisoned, I feel it is a bill that
ought to be passed.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman from Missouri whether the amount of
the deficit does not depend entirely upon the
unsworn testimony of Major Ellis ?
Mr. LOAN. It does not.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. There is noth-
ing to show there is any sworn testimony as to
the amount of money lost.
Mr. LOAN. Depositions are here. They
were referred to the committee.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I think it is
better to leave this subject to the Committee
of Claims.
Mr. WARD. If the previous question be
voted down, will not my motion to refer be in
order ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. LOAN demanded the previous question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
31, noes 5"2.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. WARD. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee of Claims when appointed.
The motion was agreed to..
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was referred ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BARE BAIIYMER.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, moved that leave be granted to Barr
Bahymer for the withdrawal of his papers from
the files of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
COMMITTEE ON PUBLIC EXPENDITURES.
The SPEAKER announced the following as
the standing Committee on Public Expendi-
tures: Calvin T. Hulburd, New York; John
M. Broomall, Pennsylvania; Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Iowa; Tobias A. Plants, Ohio; Henry
P. H. Biomwell, Illinois; John Coburn, Indi-
ana; John A. Peters, Maine; Stephen Taber,
New York; Thomas E. Noell, Missouri.
DONAHUE, RYAN, AND SECOR.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate joint resolution No. 17, for the relief
of Donahue, Ryan & Secor; which was read a
first and second time.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved that it be referred
to the Committee of Claims when appointed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARKET SQUARE, BURLINGTON, IOWA.
The next business on the Speakers table
was Senate bill No. 22, in relation to a certain
tract of land in Burlington, Iowa; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move that the
bill be put upon its passage.
The bill provides that a certain ordinance
adopted by the city council of Burlington,
Iowa, on December 10, 18GG, devoting Market
square to certain public purposes, and provid-
ing for the location of certain railroad tracks
upon certain streets, and for other purposes,
is hereby ratified, approved, and made legal
and valid, so far as it relates to said public
square; and it further provides that said ordi-
nance shall operate to convey to tho Burling-
ton and Missouri River Railroad Company the
rights in the premises known as Market square
on the terms and conditions and for the pur-
poses therein designated, and shall have the
same force, operation, and effect as if the fee
simple title to said Market square and streets
were owned by said city at the date of said
ordinance.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
