192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter, motion was agreed to.
erie and ontario ship-canal.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 26, providing
for the necessary surveys for a ship-canal
between Lake Brie and Lake Ontario for mili-
tary, naval, and commercial purposes; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill directs tlie Secretary of War to cause
surveys, with plans and estimates of cost, to be
made by an officer of engineers for a ship-
canal to connect Lakes Brie and Ontario or
the navigable waters thereof, of suitable loca-
tion and dimensions for military, naval, and
commercial purposes, and that the expenses
of the same be defrayed from the sums appro-
priated in the acts of June 23, 1866, and March
2, 1867, for examinations and snrveys relative
to the improvement of harbors and rivers on
the northwestern lakes.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order,
tliat this bill makes an appropriation.
Mr. VAN HORN", of New York. The ap-
propriation has already been made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. A bill to be an appropria-
tion bill must itself take money out of the
Treasury.
Mr. HOLMAN. It diverts appropriations
for other purposes.
The SPEAKER. This does not take money
out of the Treasury, but refers to appropria-
tions made in previous bills.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I ask to
have the bill put on its passage, and demand
the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the bill on
the table.
The motion was disagreed to—yeas 21, noes
59. ^
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was read the third time.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I demand the yeas and
na\s on the passage.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 83, nays 24, not vot-
ing 56 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, James
M. Ashley. Baker, Baldwin, Beaman, Benjamin,
Bingham, Blaine. Blair, Boutwell, Biomwell, Burr,
Butler, Ohanler, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sid-
ney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Dodge,
Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Femss, Fox, Garfield,
Gravely, Hamilton, Hooper. Hopkins, Chester 1>.
Hubbard, Uulburd, nunter, Ingersoll, Judd, Julian,
Ketcliam, Laflin, William Lawiencc. Lincoln, Logan,
. Loughridge, Mallory, Marshall, MeClurg, Milter,
Moore, Mungcn, Myers, Noell, O'Neill, Orth, Per-
haui, Plants, Pomeroy, liobertson. Sawyer, Schenck,
Scolield, Shanks, Smith,Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart,
Tatt'e, Taylor. Thomas. Twitohell, XJpson, Van Aer-
uaui, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Cadwala-
der C. Washburn. Henry D. Wnshbuin, We1.ker, Wil-
liam Williams, James F. Wilson, John X. Wilson,
Windom, and Woodbridgc—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Boyer, JUroomall, Covode, Eggles-
ton, Get/., Grlossbienner, Holman, Kerr, Kitchen,
Koontz, Mereur. Morgan, Nicholson, Polsley." Ran-
dall, Robinson. Selyc. Sitgreares, Taber, Van Auken,
Van Trump, Ward,Thomas Williams, and Wood—24.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archor, Delos R. Ashley,
Banks, Barnes, Brooks. Buckland, Cake, Cullom,
Dawes, Denison, Ela, Bldridgc, Eliot, Farnsworth,
Ferry, Fields, Finney, (iriswold, Haigtit, Halsey,
Harding. Hayes, Hill, Asahel W. Hubburd, Hum-
£hrey, Kelley, Kelsey, George V. Lawrence, Loan,
ynch, Marvin, McCarthy, McCullough, Moorliead,
Morrill, Moirissey, Newcomb, Niblack, Paine, Pe-
ters, Phelps, Pike, Pile, Poland, Price, Pruyn, Raum,
Ross, Shellabaiger, Spalding, Aaron P. Stevens,
Stone, Trowbridge, Van Wyck, William B. Wash-
bum, and Stephen F. Wilson—56.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed : and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
change of naiib of a vessel.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the consideration of Senate bill No. 60, to
change the name of the steamship Paonshun ;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill authorizes the owners of the steam-
ship Paonshun to change the name of the
same to Nevada.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask
that this bill be put on its passage.
Mr. CHANLER. Is this reported by any
committee?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It is a
Senate bill. This is a new steamship built for
the China trade and afterward purchased for
service on the Pacific, on the Northwest coast.
The owners wish to call it Nevada instead
of the outlandish Chinese name. No register
has ever been issued as yet.
Mr. PAINE. I move to refer the bill to
the Committee on Commerce when appointed.
I know the chairman of that committee in the
last Congress, who is now absent, [Mr. Wash-
burne, of Illinois,] as well as the second mem-
ber of that committee, [Mr. Eliot,] who is
also now absent, were opposed to allowing the
change of name of any vessels during the
Thirty-Ninth Congress. Hence I hardly think
it proper to ask the consent of the House to
have it done in this case. There may bo some
extenuating circumstance in this ease, but I
think it is a dangerous precedent.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman will allow me to state that this is a new
vessel, that no register has ever been issued
for it, but that the former owners had given
notice that they intended to call it by the
name of Paonshun.
Mr. PAINE. I cannot see how there can
be any necessity for the passage of such a bill
as this, even if what the gentleman states is
true, and 1 am opposed to its passage.
Mr. O'NEILL. Perhaps I can explain this
matter to the satisfaction of the gentleman
from "Wisconsin, [Mr. Paixe.] This ship was
purchased before she was built, while on the
stocks in the ship-yard in New York. The
owners afterward desired to change her name
from the Paonshun to the Nevada. The ves-
sel had never left any poit, the ship had never
floated, and therefore the principle referred to
as laid down by the Committee on Commerce
does not apply in this case.
Mr. PAINE. If the facts stated bo true,
then the owners can give this vessel any name
they please without any legislation here.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Oh, no;
because they had given notice of the name. I
demand the previous question on the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to lay the bill on
the table.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
44, noes 43.
Mr. SPALDING demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Paixe
and Hooper, were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes 42, noes 57:
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
The bill was then ordered toathird reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. O'NEILL moved to reconsidcr the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to offer a
resolution.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman mustwait
until the business on the Speaker's table has
been disposed of.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to suspend
the rules so as to dispense with proceeding
further with the business ou the Speaker's table.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
32, noes 05.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
50, noes 62.
So the House refused to adjourn.
lives of passengers oi> steamboats.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
joint resolution of the Senate No. 30, amend-
ing the ninth section of an act to amend the
act en titled "An act to provide for the better
security of the lives of passengers on vessels
propelled in whole or in part by steam, and for
other purposes." approved August 30, 1852;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I ask that that bill be
put upon its passage now.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me that it
would be safer to refer that bill to the Com-
mittee on Commerce when appointed.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I will state to the gen-
tleman that the Committee on Commerce of
the last Congress reported this joint resolution
at the last session, but it failed in the Senate.
The Senate have now passed it. It carries
out a very desirable object in providing for the
carriage of matches.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wouM inquire
of my colleague if the object of this joint reso-
lution is not to dispense with what is now re-
quired by law, the procurement of safes for
the purpose of carrying matches on steamboats ?
Mr. EGGLESTON. The object of this bill
is to so change the law of 1852 that matches
packed in compact boxes lined with zinc and
securely fastened with screws ma^ be carried
upon steamboats, instead of requiring them to
bo carried in safes for the purpose. In 1852,
when the act was originally passed, matches
were packed in paper, and consequently it was
necessary to have them carried in safes. But
that precaution is not now necessary.
The bill was then read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BEAMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. BLAINE. As the rules now stand, this
afternoon is the only time during this week
when the rules can be suspended. We can pro-
ceed with the business on the Speaker's table
to-morrow or any other day. I therefore move
that the further execution of the order to con-
sider business upon the Speaker's table be
postponed for this day.
Mr. THOMAS. I have a proposition that
I desire to bring before the House at some
period of the session, and in order to do so I
would like to move that at any time during the
present session of Congress it shall be com-
petent for the House to entertain a motion to
suspend the rules ; which of course would be
done by a two-third vote. My object is to give
the House the same power in that respect on
any day of this session that it now lias on
Mondays after the expiration of the morning.
Mr. BLAINE. Very good, I think that is
right.
Mr. CHANLER. I object.
Mr. BLAINE. I now insist upon my motion
to postpone for the present the further execu-
tion of the order to proceed with the consider-
ation of business on the Speaker's table, and
then the motion of the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Thomas] will be in order.
The motion of Mr. Blaixe was agreed to.
Mr. THOMAS. I now move that during
the remainder of this session of Congress a
motion to suspend the rules shall be in order
at any time, the same as on Monday after the
morning hour.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is not the motion of the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Thomas] in
effect a proposition to change the rule, and as
such must if not lie over for one day before it
is considered?
The SPEAKER. On Monday, after the
morning hour, two thirds of the members
present can suspend or change any rule.
