1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
193
Mr. ELD RIDGE. If the two Houstea,should
fix upon a day of adjournment, would not
motions to suspend the rale thfen be in order
at any time?
" The SPEAKEE. They'would be in order
at any time daring the last ten days of the ses-
sion. The Chair is of opinion that this session
is now within ten days of its close.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then what need of adopt-
ing the motion of the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Thomas?]
The SPEAKER. The time for adjournment
has not been.definitely determined upon, and
consequently that rule cannot apply to the
action of the House.
The question was taken upon the motion of
Mr. Thomas; and upon a division, there were—
ayes 78, noes 25.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
motion was agreed to.
STATE GOVERNMENT OF MARYLAND.
Mr. THOMAS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Renolved, That the testimony taken by the Judiciary
Committee o£ the last House of Itepresentatives, in
pursuance of resolutions of that House, concerning
to some extent affairs in Maryland, and now in the
custody of the Clerk of this House, be committed to
the Committee on tlio Judiciary, with instructions to
complete the inquiries which the last committee was
instructed to make: and to inquire whether the peo-
ple of Maryland have a State government republican
in form, and such as Congress caji consistently, with
the requirements of the Constitution of the United
States, recognize and guaranty.
'•Mr. THOMAS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMPENSATION FOB, SLAVES ENLISTED.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask consent of the House
to introduce for consideration at this time a
joint resolution suspending all proceedings in
relation to payment for slaves drafted or re-
ceived as volunteers in the military service of
the United States.
The SPEAKER. _ The joint resolution will
be read for information.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
provides that all further proceedings under sec-
tion twenty-four of the act of Congress approved
July 24, 1864, to award compensation to the
masters of slaves drafted into the military ser-
vice of the United States, and to award com-
pensation to persons to whom colored volun-
teers may owe service, and under the second
section of the act approved July 28,1866, mak-
ing appropriations for payment to persons
claiming service or labor from colored volun-
teers or drafted men, be, and the same are
hereby, suspended ; and the Secretary of War
is directed to dissolve all commissions ap-
pointed under the said sections, and to make
payments to the commissioners and clerks for
the service rendered by them upoti their mak-
ing report of their proceedings to the War De
partment.
Mr. NICHOLSON and Mr. BROOKS ob-
jected.
' Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the rules be
suspended in order that I may introduce this
joint resolution for action at this time.
Mr. BROOKS. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sohenok] allow me to ask him a
question?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr. BROOKS. I would ask the gentleman
if, in the absence of any representation from
the States of Tennessee and Kentucky upon
the floor of this House at this time, he thinks
it would be quite right to press his proposition
now?
Mr. SCHENCK. I make this motion at the
earnest solicitation of some of the best people
in Tennessee.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Was not a similar bill
passed at the last session ?
Mr. SCHENCK. In January of this year a
bill was passed suspending the payment of any
of these claims, requiring that a report should
"40th Cong. 1st Sbss.—No. 13.
be made;, through the Secretary of War, to
Congress before any payment of money should
be madfe. That bill became a law; but that
act did not suspend the action of the commis-
sioners. This commission is now in full blast,
the commissioners receiving eight dollars per
day, and running up large expenses by the
employment of clerks, &c. These Commis-
sioners, by their awards, are rolling up a large
amount of these claims, to be used hereafter
as a corruption fund to trade upon or for other
purposes. This bill proposes to suspend all-
proceedings  
Mr. NICHOLSON. I rise to a point of
order. I submit that a motion to suspend the
rules is not debatable.
The SPEAKER. The Ghair sustains the
point of order.
On the motion to suspend the rules,
Mr. BROOKS called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 92, nays 24, not voting 47 ; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Delos It. Ashley.
James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Beaman, Benja-
min, Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Boutwell, Bromwell,
Broomall, Buckland, Butler, Churchill,Header W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cornell, Covode,
CuUoin,Dodgevponnelly,Dri£gs,Eckley, Ela, Farns-
woi th, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Garfield, Gravely, Ham-
ilton, Hayes. Hooper. Hopkins. Asahel W. Hubbard,
Chester!).Hubbard, Hulburd,Hunter, Judd, Julian,
Kelley, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, William Lawrence,
Logan, Marvin, McClurg, Miller. Moore, Myers,
Newcomb, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pile,
Plitnts, Poland, Polsley, Pomeroy, Robertson, Ross,
Sawyer, Schenck, Scofieid, Shanks, Shellabarger,
Smith, Spalding, Taylor, Twitchell, Upson. Van Aer-
nnm, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Van
Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Henry D.
Washburn, Welkor, Thomas Williams,'William Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, and Win-
dom—92.
NAYS—Messrs. Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Eldridge,
Fox, Getz, Glossbrenner, Holman, Kerr, Marshall,
Morgan, Morrissey, Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson,
Noeil, Pruyn, Randall, Robinson, Sitgreaves/JCaber,
Van Auken. Van Trump, and Wood—24.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Archer, Banks,
Barnes, Cake, Chanler, Cob-urn, Dawes, Denison,
Eggleston, Eliot, Finney, Griswold, JIaight, Ha-lsey,
Hardmg.HiH,Humphrey,Ingersoll,ICelsey,Ketcham,
George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Loughridge,
Lyncn, Mallory, McCarthy, McCullough, Mercur,
Moorhead, Morrell, Phelps, Pike, Price, Raum, Selye,
Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Stone,
Taffe, Thomas, Trowbridge, William B. Washburn,
Stephen F. Wilson, and Woodbridge—47.
So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof)
the rules were suspended.
Daring the roll-call,
Mr. GrARFIELD said: T desire to announce
that the gentleman from Iowa, Mr. Allison,
is detained from the House by sickness.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
The joint resolution was introduced and read
a first and second time.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I do not pro-
pose to enter into any debate on this subject.
I think the proposition explains itself, and will
commend itself to the judgment of the House.
I simply repeat the statement that we have not,
by any legislation heretofore adopted, sus-
pended the proceedings of these commissioners,
but have only provided that their reports shall
be transmitted through the Secretary of War to
Congress, and that no payments sliall be made
until further action by Congress. The object
of this joint resolution is to dissolve the com-
mission for the present, thus putting a stop to
all proceedings until Congress shall otherwise
direct.
Mr. COOK. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schbjsck,] I wish to
say that a bill similar to this was passed in the
House at the last session, but failed in the
Senate; so that the House has once already-
expressed its opinion on this question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I believe the gentleman
is correct. The House has already passed a
bill or joint resolution in substance the same
as this ; but it did not receive the concurrence
of the Senate.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ] and being en
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time
and passed. . ,
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by winch the joint resolution was passed?
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table'.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DUTY (3N UMBRELLAS AND FURNITURE SPRINGS.
Mr. KELLEY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution fixing the rate of
duty on umbrellas and on wire spiral furniture
springs; which was read a first and second
time.
• The joint resolution provides that from and
after its passage there shall be levied, Collected,
and paia upon umbrellas, parasols, and sun-
shades imported from foreign countries, when
made of silk, no lower rate of duty than that
now imposed upon piece and dress silks, namely,
sixty per cent, ad valorem,; and when made
of other materials than silt, the duty is to be
fifty per cent, ad valorem. The joint resolution
further provides that wire spiral furniture
springs imported from foreign countries, man- •
ufactured of iron wire, shall be required topay
the same rate of duty now imposed on iron
wire, namely two cents per pound and fifty per
cent, ad valorem..
Mr. KELLEY demanded the previousjjues-
tion.
The previous question was secondfed and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the jflint resolution was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. KELLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on-the table.
. The latter motion was agreed to.
ASYLUM FOE DISABLED VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. BUTLER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to turn over certain property of
the United States at Camp Chase, Ohio, for
the use of the National Asylum for disabled
volunteer soldiers, and for other _ purposes;
which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution authorizes the Secretary
of War to turn over the barracks, buildings,
and other property of the United States now
at Camp Chase, near Columbus, Ohio, to the
board of managers of the National Asylum for
disabled volunteer soldiers, for the use and
benefit of said soldiers.
It also authorizes the Secretary of War to sell
such surplus clothing and quartermaster and
medical stores as he may deem expedient at
first prices to the National Asylum for the use
of the disabled soldiers therein.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BUTLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EMPLOYES IN CURRENCY BUREAU.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a joint resolution to extend to
the employes in the first division of the Na-
tional Currency Bureau of theTreasury Depart-
ment the provisions of the joint resolution
approved the 28th of February, 1867, giving
additional compensation to certain employes
in the civil service at Washington.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to state
that according to the understanding, I believe,
of every member of this House, the joint reso-
lution passed near the close of the last Con-
gress did embrace these employes, but by a
singular construction of the First Comptroller
they are shut out. They are employes who
work more hours and get less pay than any
other employes in the Treasury Department.
There is no earthly doubt in my mind that the
law does embrace these people, but they are
