1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195
ment of mail routes from Rochester to Leroy,.
from Glencoe to Greenleaf, from Waverly to
Gieneoe, and from Minneapolis to Big Stone
lake, in that State; which were referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a memorial of
James Hooper, praying" compensation for the
loss of the bark General Berry while in the
Government service, destroyed by the rebel
privateer Florida; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. COLE, it was
Ordered, That tho petition of Charles Minturn,
president of the Contra Costa Steam Navigation
Company, praying compensation for transporting the
mails from San Francisco to Oakland and Petaluma,
California, bo taken from the files and referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of William Riggs, pray-
ing compensation for services rendered the Union
armies as a scout and guide in 1864 and 1865, be with-
drawn from tho files and referred to the Committee
on Claims.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, it was
Ordered, That P. A. Wheeler have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers, presented Decembor
18, 1865.
reports op committees.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom was referred
the memorial of Joseph A. Van Brunt, re-
ported a joint resolution (S. R. No. 36) au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
an American register to the bark Aug. Gaur-
dien ; which was read and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 24) relative to
the payment of expenses incurred by the
judges of election for the cities of Washington
and Georgetown, District of Columbia, re-
ported it with amendments.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the biii (S.
No. 80) to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to sell the Government warehouses
on Atlantic dock, Brooklyn, New York, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. HOWARD,from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 41) authorizing the
payment of the rewards offered by the Presi-
dent of the United States and the officers of
the War Department in April and May, 1805,
for the capture of Jefferson Davis, reported
it without amendment.
* academy of sciences.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred the following
resolution, reported it without amendment;
and it was agreed to:
Renolved, That there be printed of the Report of
the National Academy of Sciences for 1866, in addi-
tion to the usual number, one thousand extra copies
for the use of the Academy.
house bills referred.
The following bill and joint resolutions from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred as indi-
cated below:
A bill (II. R. No. 72) to exempt wrapping-
paper made from wood or corn-stalks from
internal tax—to the Committee on Finance.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 15) suspend-
ing all proceedings in relation to payment for
slaves drafted or received as volunteers in the
military service of the United States—to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 16) fixing the
rate of duty on umbrellas and on wire spiral
furniture springs—to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 19) directing
that certain moneys now in the hands of the
United "States Treasurer, as special agent of
the Treasury Department, be -covered by war-
rant into the United States Treasury—to the
Committee on Finance.
donation op property. at camp chase.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 17) author-
izing the Secretary of War to turn over cer-
tain property of the United States at Camp
Chase, Ohio, for the use of the National Asy-
lum for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers, and for
other purposes, was read twice by its title.
Mr.-SHERMAN. That resolution was fully
considered by the Military Committee at the
last session, and passed in the form in which
it is now before us, and it is scarcely worth
while to refer it. It simply gives to an asylum
for disabled soldiers certain old property at
Camp Chase. It has received the assent of
the committees and of both Houses, and sim-
ply failed on an amendment between the two
Houses at the last session. I hope it will be
passed now.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution. It authorizes the Secretary
of War to turn over the barracks, buildings,
and other property of the United States now at
Camp Chase, near Columbus, Ohio, to the
National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Sol-
diers, for the use and benefit of those soldiers.
It also authorizes the Secretary of War to sell
such surplus clothing and quartermaster's and
medical stores as he may deem expedient, at
first prices, to the National Asylum for the re-
lief of disabled volunteer soldiers therein.
• The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and
extra compensation to civil employes.
The joint resolution (II. R. No. 18) to ex-
tend to the employes in tho first division of the
National Currency Bureau of the Treasury De-
partment, the provisions of the joint resolution,
approved February 28, 1867, giving additional
compensation to certain employes in the civil ser-
vice at Washington, was read twice by its title.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I send to the Chair a
communication that I desire to have read be-
fore that resolution is referred, and which I
desire to accompany it.
The Secretary read the following communi-
cation :
Treasoby Depabtment,
Comptroller's Office, March 19,1867.
Sib: In the Chronicle of yesterday morning a com-
munication appeared stating that tho Comptroller
had decided that the ladies employed in Mr. Clark's
Note Bureau were not entitled to the twenty percent,
allowed by the joint resolution of February 28, and
containing what the editor of the Chronicle denom-
inated "caustic" remarks. And on yesterday Mr.
FarjiSworth introduced and had passed tlirough the
House another joint resolution apparently to correct
a supposed erroneous decision of the Comptroller.
The Comptroller never made any such decision as
that stated in the communication. On tho contrary,
more than ten days since I informed Mr. Clark tnat
the females employed by him in his bureau wero en-
titled to the twenty percent.; and this is tho only
decision made by the Comptroller upon that point.
I stated the same thing to Mr. Fessendkn tho same
day or the day before.
I did make a decision that excluded most of the
male employes in Mr. Clark's bureau for two rea-
sons: First, if their compensation was insufficient it
was fully within the power of Mr. Clark or the Sec-
retary to increase it at pleasure, there being no limit-
ation, as in the cases of officers, clerks, messengers,
watchmen, &c. Second, if they worked over time,
they were paid for it, which was notthecasewith the
other persons above named. During the month of
February they were thus paid, and in one instance,
to which my attention was called, a person employed
at seven dollars per day was paid during February
for forty days, amounting to $280. If twenty per cent,
bo added, his compensation for that month would be
S336. All the male employes excluded in the Note
Bureau (and none others were excluded) wero and
are paid upon the same principle. . . .'
Some exception has also been taken to tho deci-
sions in relation to some of rheemployes of the quar-
termasters' and perhaps of some other offices. In
relation to these employes, I remark that they wero
not within the terms of the resolution, and it is per-
fectly competent for the head of tho proper Depart-
ment to increase their pay if that now allowed is not
enough, and iu such cases a resolution of Congress is
not needed.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant
R. W. TAYLOR.
Hon. John Sherman, Chairman Senate Committee on
Finance.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the joint
resolution, together with that communication,
be referred to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
acknowledgment of deeds.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
am instructed by the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 38) further to provide for the ac-
knowledgment of deeds in the District of Co-
lumbia, to report it with an amendment in the
form of a proviso; and I ask that the bill be
put upon its passage at this time, if there be
no objection to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is it about?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Let it be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
the bill ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read for infor-
mation.
The Secretary read the bill, which provides
that hereafter acknowledgments of deeds
the conveyance of real estate in the District
of Columbia may be taken by the recorder of
deeds for the District or by a single justice of
the peace, and it declares any such acknowl-
edgment heretofore taken by a single justice
of the peace to be a valid acknowledgment.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
will state that the bill has been considered by .
the judges of the district court, and they thought
it to be desirable that it should pass.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The amendment reported by the Committea
on the District of Columbia was to add at the
end of the bill the following proviso :
Provided, That nothing in this act shall be held to
impair the title of bona fide purchasers who, by con-
veyances and formal acknowledgments have, prior
to the passage of this act, acquired paramount title#
under existing laws.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to hear the
whole of that bill read.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a very important
matter, passing laws to make valid deeds that
were not valid before; or making a certain
class of acknowledgments evidence of the
validity of deeds which were not so before. I
will inquire what committee reported this bill?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. It '
is reported from the Committee on the District
of Columbia, and that amendment was drawn
by the judges of the supreme court of the
District.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The fact of its being
drawn by them I do not think should insure
its passage here. I recollect that a year or
two ago a bill was passed, very inconsiderately
as I think, affecting titles here, and this is likely f
to give rise to some trouble in regard to th«
acknowledgment of deeds.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
will allow me to ask him whether it affects
anything more than the matter of evidence'!'
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am notprepared to say
what the effect of it may be. If the Senators
from New Hampshire and Maine have exam-
ined this matter with the existing laws and
have seen that the effect of it is proper, I do
not k®w that I shall feel called upon to object
to it. I think it is a bill that ought to have been
considered in the Judiciary Committee.
' Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have not ex-
amined it at all; but as I heard it read it
occurred to me it was simply touching the
matter of evidence, and not touching the valid-
ity of the instrument at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL.^ So I understand; but the
matter of evidence will affect the title. Here is
a conveyance recorded forty years ago, ac-
knowledged before a single justice of the peace.
Now tho record, I presume, in this District is
evidence. If you have the original deed, you
might prove it, and the acknowledgement per-
haps be of no importance; but suppose you
have not the original deed and the conveyance
was put upon the records here years ago, ac-
knowledged before a single justice of the peace ;
that would be no evidence. Now, you pass a
bill which declares that that shall be evidence.
