196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
- March 19,
What the effect of that would be upon other
titles I am not exactly prepared to say, and do
not wish to discuss at this moment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In such a case
as supposed by the Senator undoubtedly the
parties would be driven to other evidence; but
I can hardly conceive of a case where justice
would fail for the want of a resort to evidence.
I suggest that it is to meet exactly such diffi-
culties that this bill is found to be a necessity,
and as I caught the substance of the bill in its
reading I believe,all existing rights are saved.
As the Senator is reading the bill he will see
whether all existing rights are saved. Then
the query is, whether this amounts to anything
more than to supply a defect in the method of
obtaining evidence without prejudice to the
rights of parties. If it is that, and only that, I
can see no difficulty in it.
Jelr. TRUMBULL. I can conceive that very
g*at difficulties may grow out of this. It may
change the burden of proof. The proviso de-
clares—
That nothing in this act shall he held to impair tho
title of bona fide purchasers who, by conveyances and
formal acknowledgments have, prior to the passage
of this.aot, acquired paramount titles under existing
laws.
That would put the burden of proof on the
parties who claimed lands, and may have been
m possession of them for years, of proving the
bona jides of the transaction, and their ac-
knowledgments must be* formal. This makes
one class of informal acknowledgments perfect,
but declares that other acknowledgments of
deeds conveying title to parties adverse to
these must be formal.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. The
law as it now stands requires that an acknowl-
edgment must be taken by two justices of the
peace.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it is very proper
to correct that. I see no possible objection to
this bill, so far as authorizing the recorder and
justices of the supreme court to take acknowl-
edgment of deeds. The only difficulty about
it is what its effect may be in making valid
past transactions.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
There are two cases where acknowledgments
were made before a single justice, and we want
to cover those cases.
Mr. HARLAN. In this District the law now
requires that an acknowledgment of deeds shall
be taken before two justices of the peace. In
nearly all the States of the Union one justice
of the peace is competent to act under the
local laws. The object of this bill is to correct
what seemed to be an unnecessary formality.
It also provides that the recorder of deeds may
take acknowledgments; which is the case in
nearly all the States of the Union. The com-
mittee intended merely to correct this useless
formality in taking the acknowledgment of
deeds. It is not supposed by the Committee
on the District of Columbia that it would affect
the validity of deeds. It is merely the confes-
sion on the part of the individual signing the
deed that he has signed it, and nothing more.
If, however, the chairman of the Committee
on the Judiciary thinks it of sufficient impor-
tance to have it referred to another conHnittee,
perhaps it ought to go to the Committee on the
Judiciary; and I have no objection to its going
there, i hope it may go there if the chairman
has any doubt about the propriety of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no sort of objec-
tion to this bill so far as it devolves this duty
upon one justice of the peace and the recorder.
I think that very proper. The only difficulty I
had about it was, whether curing these defect-
ive acknowledgments heretofore made might
not, perhaps without any intention on the part
of the committee, interfere with existing titles.
It is always dangerous to corrcct by a legisla-
tive act past transactions, because men have
made their bargains and dealt upon the law as
it stood.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
will simply say that the law now requires that
the acknowledgment shall be made before two
justices, and there are two instances where it
was made before a single justice, and it was to
make "those two eases valid that this bill was
introduced.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
PAYMENT FOR SLAVES ENTERING TUB ARMY.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A few moments ago a
joint resolution was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary suspending all proceedings in
relation to payment for slaves drafted or re-
ceived as volunteers into the military service
of the United States. A bill of this same pur-
port was before the Committee on the Judiciary
at the last session of the last Congress, and
reported upon favorably. It was a House res-
olution, and as this is the same matter over
again I see no object in referring it again to
the committee; and I ask that the committee
be discharged from its further consideration,
and that the Senate proceed to act upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Illinois asks that the Committee on
the Judiciary be discharged from the further
consideration of the resolution indicated by
him, and that the Senate proceed to its con-
sideration. It requires unanimous consent.
The Chair hears no objection.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 15) suspending all proceedings in rela-
tion to payment for slaves drafted or received
as volunteers into the military service of the
United States. It proposes to suspend all fur-
ther proceedings under the twenty-fourth sec-
tion of the act of Congress approved February
24, 1864, to award compensation to the mas-
ters of slaves drafted into the military service
of the United States, and to award compensa-
tion to persons to whom colored volunteers
may owe service, and under the second section
of the act approved July 28, 1800, making
appropriations for payment to persons claim-
ing servicc or labor from colored volunteers
or drafted men; and it directs the Secretary
of War to dissolve the commissions appointed
under those sections, and to make payment to
the commissioners and clerks for the services
rendered by them upon their making report
of their proceedings to the War Department.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope that the chairman of
the Commitee on the Judiciary will either post-
pone the consideration of that resolution until
the next session or will assign to-morrow or
some special day for its consideration. I object
to its consideration at this time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose it is rather
too late to object to its consideration now as
an objection, because I had already called the
attention of the Senate to it, and had the com-
mittee discharged, and it has been brought be-
fore the Senate by the unanimous consent of
the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
have already agreed to consider it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And it has been read
at length. I will state to the Senator from
Kentucky that this is a joint resolution of the
same purport as the one we had before us at
the last session of Congress, and which I re-
peatedly sought to get the action of the Senate
upon. It. passed the House at the former ses-
sion, and has now passed the House again, and
I think it quite important that we should have
action upon it. I should not resist its being
acted upon to-morrow instead of to-day if
there is any special reason for it; but it is an
old matter that has been before us frequently;
and while I should not object to its going over
until to-morrow, if it can then be disposed of,
if the Senator from Kentucky desires it to he
considered to-morrow rather than to-day, and
has any particular reason for it, I hope it will
certainly be disposed of to-morrow if it does
go over. I shall not,.of course, resist any per-
sonal reason he may have for its going over,
if it is not with a view to delay it.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senate will recollect that
this bounty hag been -solemnly pledged by an
act of Congress to the owners of slaves enlisted
into the service. This proposition,-therefore,
involves the plighted faith and the contract of
the Congress of the United States in the form
of a law. At the last Congfess the House
attached a clause to one of the appropriation
bills repealing the act of Congress that "prom-
ised this bounty to the owners of slaves; and
in that form that amendment to one of the
appropriation bills was reported to the Senate.
The Senate then considered the question
whether they would repudiate this debt or not,
and the Senate struck from the appropriation
bill the clause that was attached to it by the
House, so that thesubject now has the plighted
faith of thfe Senate in three different forms. By
the act of 1864 this bounty of $300 to the own-
ers of the slaves who enlisted into tho Army
was deliberately and solemnly pledged by the
Congress of the United States. The House
introduced upon an appropriation bill a clause
repudiating that debt and proposing to violate
the solemn faith of the Congress and Govern-
ment of the United States. The Senate took
into consideration the amendment of theHouse
to one of the appropriation bills repudiating
the contract, and they expunged that repudia-
tion from the appropriation bill. , At the last
Congress, after the Senate had reiterated its
plighted faith and reaffirmed its contract with
the owners of slaves, by which the Government
bound itself to pay this bounty to them, it
deliberately and" formally appropriated the
money for the payment of these bounties. It
is to repudiate this thrice affirmed solemn and
deliberate contract of the Government of the
United States that this resolution has been
introduced again.
Now, Mr. President, if the Senate are de-
termined to repudiate their contract, to violate
the plighted faith of the Government, and in
this way to bring repudiation and dishonor
upon the contracts of the United States Gov-
ernment, I cannot prevent it; but I want the
Senator to have this subjcct fixed for a par-
ticular day, when I wish to enter my solemn
remonstrance with the Senate against this vio-
lation of its often repeated plighted faith.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator has now
made his solemn protest. I do not know that
it could be much more solemn than he has
made it on the present occasion. [Laughter. ]
Mr. DAVIS. I can make it a little more
lengthy, if not more solemn. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. It certainly struck me,
and I doubt not the whole Senate, with great
solemnity when he delivered it; and^ I think
now under the solemn influence that pervades
the Senate we had better go on with the bill.
I do not see any object in postponing it.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to put my armor in a
little better order. I know the prowess of the
honorable Senator from Illinois, and I know
how heady he is when he gets upon the
wrong track, and I want to endeavor to arrest
him if I can. I therefore hope the matter
will not be considered at the present time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we may go on
with it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
no motion made to postpone, and the resolu-
tion is before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. DAVIS. I object to its consideration
at this time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is too late to do that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ate has voted to proceed to the consideration
of the resolution, and therefore an objection
now does not affect it.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I ask the Senator from
Illinois to fix to-morrow for its consideration;
and if he will have it considered let it come up
then.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any motion to postpone? The Chair hears
none.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wish to oe dis-
courteous to my friend from Kentucky. 1
