1867.
TH1/GOKGR1S&IOKAL GLOBE.
197
understand: that the- postponement is. not for
delay. ;
Mr. DAVIS. iifot at all for delay.
Mr. TRUMBUIjL. If the Senator will inter-
pose no objection then,, and it will come up to-
morrow, I sjhajl noj oppose .to. its going ove&
The PB.feSIP^TJfT pro tempore, The joint
resolution will lie passed over by common
consent,
ISM ANA MILITARY CLAIMS.
Mr. MO ETON:. I aminstructedby the Com-
mittee' on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 32} refunding to: the State of Indiana ex-
penses incurred for quartermaster and commis-
sary stores and" for transportation"furnished to
militia of said Stats while engaged in repelling
rebel raid£ during, the late rebellion, to report
it back,. with a recommendation that it pass;
and if there be no objection I should like- to
have the joint resolution considered at the
present time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
it read first.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will bo
read for information.
The Secretary read the joint resolution. It
provides that the expenses incurred by the
Slate of Indiana for quartermaster and com-
missary stores and transportation furnished by
the State to the Indiana militia during the late
rebellion while engaged in repelling rebel raids,
guarding against raids and insurrections, or
while in any way engaged in the military service
of the United States during the rebellion,"shall
be duly and properly examined by the proper
departments or bureaus, under the direction
of the Secretary of War, who shall cause to
be paid and reimbursed, to the State all such
expenses as shall be found.to have been neces-
sarily and properly incurred, and an appropri-
ation is made for that purpose out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the present consideration of this
joint resolution. Is there-any objection ? The
Chair hears none.
Mr. SHERMAN. If that is pressed to a
vote I shall move to insert the word " Ohio"
after the word "Indiana." It is to pay the
expenses of the Morgan and other raids, and
as a matter of course Ohio ought to be in-
cluded as well as Indiana.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Ohio moves to amend the joint reso-
lution by inserting the word " Ohio."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should-likc to hear
some explanation of these bills that are brought
"in here for particular States. I hope the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs will
tell us what the necessity is for this, and why
it is here.
Mr. WILSON. This is a claim on the part of
the State of Indiana for stores furnished troops
at the time of the Morgan raid and other times
when raids were threatened and troops were
called out for the defense of the people of that
State. I understand that this amount of money
was paid by the government of the State of'
Indiana, and that the State now asks the Fed-
eral Government to audit and settle the ac-
counts. This resolution authorizes the Secre-
tary of War to make this examination and
settle the accounts according to the rules and
regulations of the War Department. The res-
olution was introduced by the Senator from
Indiana, who is a member of the committee,
who was G-overnor of the State at that time,
and who can, I have no doubt, answer on any
points required. I leave the matter in his
hands.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. After
the word "Ohio" I move to insert "Tennes-
see."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
now in order.
Mr. MORTON. By this resolution I am
not asking that the Government of the U.nited
States shall accept the accounts of the State
of Indiana absolutely. It provides that the
Secretary of War shall audit and pay such
accounts for "such expenses as shall be found
to-have been necessarily- and properly in-
curred." These expenses were incurred in
subsisting and transporting the militia of In-
diana while engaged in, military service grow-
ing out of the late rebellion. So faff as the-pay
of the troops.is concerned that has already
been allowed by the Government of the United
States. The most of the accounts for the ser-
vice of the men have been already audited and
paid. Other accounts have been, audited and
not yet paid for want of an appropriation.
Now, sir, I am asking that the expenses in-
curred by the State in subsisting and trans-
porting these men at the very same time shall
be allowed. If it is proper for the Govern-
ment of the United States to pay for the ser-
vices of the men, it is equally proper for the
Government to pay for quartermaster and
commissary stores and transportation. There
is no question in my mind in regard to the
propriety of this resolution. The accounts
have been properly kept; but I am not asking
the War Department to accept our accounts
absolutely. I have provided in the resolution
that the War Department shall pass upon the
propriety and necessity of incurring these ex-
penses, to avoid any objection that might be
made on that account. I will state that I am
advised th'at Congress has from time to time
made appropriations of a similar character,
especially for the State of Pennsylvania; and
I can perceive myself no objection to the pas-
sage of the resolution.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to inquire
of the honorable Senator if he can give any
estimate as to the amount that this resolution
will probably appropriate?
Mr. MORTON. A letter I have just received
from home estimates the amount of expendi-
ture of the State in this respect at about three
hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the resolution
had better go over until to-morrow. I want
to look at it. It is drawn in such very broad
and general terms that it may cover anything
and everything. It is not drawn with that care
or guarded as these resolutions ordinarily are.
I wish to look at it and see bow that can be
done.
Mr. RAMSEY. If this resolution is to go
over, I ask the Senate to proceed to the con-
sideration of Senate bill No. 28.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This sub-
ject is not yet disposed of. Does the Senator
from Indiana consent to the postponement ?
Mr- MORTON. I am unwilling to have it
go over for the reason that the Senate is prob-
ably drawing to its adjournment, and it is ne-
cessary to pass it at once in order that it may
be acted upon by the House of Representatives.
I am anxious to have the matter settled at this
session. For that reason 1 desire to press the
resolution to-day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot consent that
a resolution so very broad in its terms as this
is shall be acted upon without an opportunity
to examine it properly, and therefore I must
interpose an objection to it. It is broader than
any resolution I ever knew to be passed here,
and exceeds the usual breadth and length and
everything else that usually attends resolutions
of this sort coming from the Committee on
Military Affairs, though they are exceedingly
liberal and generous.
Mr. MORTON. I think the objection taken
by the Senator from Maine is not well founded.
The resolution is definite in its terms. It
states the character of the expenses incurred,
and the occasion on which those expenses were
incurred; and then, for the purpose of meet-
ing the very objection that the Senator makes,
that resolution provides that the War Depart-
ment shall be made the judge of the necessity
and propriety of incurring those expenses.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state to the Sen-
ator that I do not want to interpose any sort of
obstacle in the way of everything being done
that should be done; bat we have never been
in the habit here, that I know of, of passing,
knowingly, resolutions appropriating money on
the ground of what might be considered by a
Secretary necessary and proper. We judge of
what is necessary and proper here, and lay
down certain rules forascertaining the amount
that may be due, and, ordinarily, fix the
amount. It ought to be examined by a com-
mittee to see what the nature of the claims is,
and a limit fi xed. That is the ordinary course.
Now, this is broader still; most extraordinary
in its terms:
Guarding against raids and insurrections, or
while in any way engaged in the military service of
the United States during said rebellion.
That includes everything. It is a'general
sweep. And then the resolution leaves it to the
War Department to decide what is necessary
and proper. I will state to the Senator in all
frankness that we never pass resolutions of
that character here. We generally lay down
the principles upon which the allowance shall
be made, and know something about the
claims in the first place, and fix a maximum.
I remember several cases. There was one in
which the State of Minnesota was very much
interested, for guarding against Indian hostil-
ities, a case that was quite as pressing as this
one ; and in that case we insisted that the
claim should be audited in a particular way,
in the first place, and then fixed a maximum
beyond which they should not go before we
would allow it to pass.
Now, as general as this is, it certainly would
be beyond all precedent that I know anything
about, in auditing these claims. Whatever
expense has been properly incurred by the
State of Indiana in defending itself against the
enemy should be paid; but there cannot be
occasion for any such great, hurry about it.
All the States are waiting, more or less, for
the settlement of their war expenses, and
there certainly should be an opportunity for
proper examination, and a proper limitation
should be fixed.
Mr. MORTON. I beg leave to say that in
my judgment this resolution lays down as def-
inite principles as can be laid down in deter-
mining the character of these claims. These
troops were employed in repelling rebel raids
and guarding against them, and in the service
of the United States in other ways. If they
were in the service of the United States at all
during the rebellion—and that is a question
of fact—the State is entitled to compensation
for what she has disbursed. How much more
definite can it be made unless the Senate
itself will examine these accounts ? The Sen-
ate will never do that. It has never done it
in any similar case, and if that condition is to
be attached the State might as well abandon
her claims.
For the purpose of guarding against the
objection that some of these expenses were
not perhaps necessarily incurred, 1 have put in
a provision that the War Department shall be
the judge upon that subject; and certainly
that is subjecting the State to enough scrutiny.
I think that where a State like Indiana that
has been invaded and been subjected to in-
vasion, has incurred expenses in defending
against them, the accounts made up by the
State government ought to be accepted by the
Government of the United States, and they
ought to be received as having been honorably
and honestly made. But, sir, I do not ask
that. We are willing that the War Depart-
ment shall pass upon these claims, one by one,
and determine upon their propriety. Unless
the Senate will examine them by its own com-
mittee, what can be provided more definite?
If this is laid over now it goes over to the
next session. I want the appropriation made
for the purpose of enabling the examination
to go forward. It will be sometime before
the State gets the money anyhow. The in-
vestigation must, first be made. If the matter
be put off now it is equivalent to a postpone-
