1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
199
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 88)-tnaking additional appropriations
for the current expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
CALIFORNIA HARBORS.
Mr. COLE. I offer the following resolution,
and ask for its present consideration:
■ Mesofoed, That the,Secretary of the Treasury be, and
ne is hereby, authorized and required to cause inves-
tigation to be made as soon as practicable by the
officers of the United States coast survey in Califor-
nia as to the existence of a harbor in the vicinity of
Point Salle, on the coast of California; and that the
secretary of War be, and he is hereby, authorized and
rejmred to cause estimates to be made by the proper
officers of the amount necessary to be expended to
render such harbor available for the purposes of
commerce.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That had better
go to the committee.
Mr. COLE. Very well; I move that it be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
DISCLOSURE OF EXECUTIVE PROCEEDINGS.
Mr. CONNESS. I offer a resolution, and
ask for its present consideration:
Whereas it has frequently happened that the pro-
ceedings of the Senate in executive session have been
published in the newspapers of the country in viola-
tion of the injunction of secrecy imposed thereon:
Therefore,
Resolved, That a committee of three Senators bo
appointed by the Chair to inquire into and investi-
gate the subject and report to the Senate; and that
the committee have power to send tor persons and
papers, and to employ a clerk if found necessary.
Mr. CONKLING. Before I know whether
to object to the resolution or not I should like
to hear from the Senator what the object is.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator will listen
to the reading of the resolution again, I think
he will readily perceive the object. If it is
taken up I am prepared to state more fully.
Mr. CONKLING. I did listen to all I
could hear; I was interrupted for a moment
while the preamble was being read.
Mr. CONNESS. Let the resolution be read
again.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like very much
to hear it.
The Secretary read the resolution.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator has no
objection, I wish he would let it lie over to
another day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the resolution
to-day.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator from New
York objects, of course it will lie over; but I
ask for its present consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection?
Mr. CONKLING. I hardly wish to' ofcject;
but I would rather make a suggestion to the
Senator and confer with him about it.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I consent to its
lying over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will lie over.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Cleric, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 20) to supply an omission in the
enrollment of the act to provide increased rev-
enue from imported wool, and for other pur-
poses.
The message also announced that the House
insisted on its second and third amendments
to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. 33) supplementary to an act entitled
"An act to provide for the more efficient gov-
ernment of the rebel States," passed March 2,
1867, and to facilitate restoration, asked a con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, and had appointed Mr. J. F. Wilson
of Iowa, Mr. G. S. Boutwell of Massachu-
setts. and Mr. S. S. Marshall of Illinois,
managers at the conference on its part.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bill and joint resolutions; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 22) in relation to a certain
tract of land in Burlington, Iowa;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 26) providing
for the necessary surveys for a ship-canal be-
tween Lake Erie and Lake Ontario for military,
naval, and commercial purposes; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. SO) amending
the ninth section of an act to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide for the better
security of the lives of passengers on board of
■vessels propelled in whole or in part by steam,
and for other purposes," approved August
30, 1852.
SUPPLEMENTARY RECONSTRUCTION BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider the second
and third amendments of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the amendment of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 33) supplementary to an
act entitled "An act to provide for the more
efficient government of the rebel States," passed
March 2. 1867, and to facilitate restoration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
insist upon its disagreement, and agree to the
conference asked by the House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know that I
shall object to that; but I wish to call the at-
tention of the Senator from Illinois .to the fact
that when the bill to which this is supplement-
ary, at one stage of its progress, came from the
other House, it came here with a request for a
committee of conference, and a motion to have
a committee of conference was denounced by
him in very strong terms. It was said it was
a question of too much importance to be sent
to a committee of conference. If the Senator
has really changed his mind, and now thinks
a conference can be advantageously had, I shall
not make any objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. * I will say to my good
friend from Maine that this is a disagreement
on a single point. It does not open the whole
bill. In that case the whole bill was open to
a conference committee. This difference is
upon a single point.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend has great
ingenuity, and he can get away from anything,
I have no doubt. He finds that there is some
utility in a committee of conference, and that
we are not to be destroyed by agreeing to have
one after all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am very happy to
have the congratulations of my friend from
Maine upon this occasion; but I confess now
I do not care very much about a committee
of conference on this question. Idonotknow
that there is very much to confer about. Still
the other House have asked it, and as the dis-
agreement is on a single point, I am willing to
agree to it. If the Senate think otherwise I
shall be quite satisfied.
The motion was agreed to; and the Presi-
dent pro tempore, being authorized to ap-
point the conferees on the part of the Senate,
Messrs. Trumbull, Wilson, and Buckalew
were appointed.
CORRECTION OF A MISTAKE.
Mr. SHERMAN. The House of Represent-
atives have sent us a joint resolution to cor-
rect a mistake of the Enrolling Clerk, which
ought to be passed at once. The Committee
on Finance have examined it informally, and
I desire to have it put upon its passage imme-
diately.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 20) to sup-
ply an omission in the enrollment of the act
to provide increased revenue from imported
wool, and for other purposes, was read three
times, and passed. It proposes to correct a
mistake in the enrollment of the act of March
2, 1867, by inserting the words " Canada long-
wools" in the paragraph headed "class two,
down combing-wools."
CLOTHING FOlt DESTITUTE SOLDIERS.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the bill (Hi
R. No. 19) to clothe the maimed and destitute
soldiers, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It proposes to require the Secretary of War 1
to furnish annually one complete suit of cloth-
ing to each invalid soldier, who is an inmate
of any regularly constituted "Soldiers'
Home" in the United States, out of the stock
on hand in the quartermaster's department.
Such clothing is to be "delivered to the man-
agers of such institutions upon their requisition
therefor, accompanied with such certificates
as to numbers and condition as the Secretary
of War may prescribe.
Mr. SHERMAN. We passed this morning
a bill to accomplish all that we ought to do in
this direction. There is a fund amounting to
some eight million dollars, I think, to the
credit of the disabled soldiers, which is placed
under the charge of the National Asylum for
Disabled Soldiers. Wepassed a bill this morn-
ing which authorized this fund to draw from
the quartermasters' stores clothing for disa-
bled soldiers at the original cost price, to be
paid out of the fund. There is, therefore, in
my judgment, no occasion for the passage of
this bill. The only difference this would make
would be that the clothing would be supplied
out of the current appropriations for the War
Department, or out of the supplies on hand
of the quartermaster's department; but by a
bill introduced by the Senator's colleague in
the other House they are paid out of this fund,
and it is the proper method of paying them.
I see no occasion for the passage of this bill.
Mr. WILSON. This bill came to us from
the House some days ago. I suppose the*
object is to provide for-cases where there are
asylums established by the States and by local
communities. The soldiers in those establish-
ments would not be provided for, I think, by
the bill already passed. We have a large quan-
tity of clothing on hand at this time which will
last for a great while; and it was supposed
that some of it might as well be worn out by
these soldiers. If the Senator thinks the case
is covered by the other bill, I shall not be very
persistent in pressing this.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Under the other bill
they have to pay for clothing.
Mr. SHERMAN. But they have to pay for
it out of a fund which has $8,000,000 to its
crcdit
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state how I un-
derstand this matter to stand. This bill will
apply only to a class of persons who are in the
Soldier's Homes in the various States. I can
illustrate it best perhaps by referring to the
one that is near my own residence. We have
at Chicago a Soldier's Home, which has in it,
I think, about one hundred soldiers ordinarily,
entirely supported by contributions of benevo-
lent persons. They have put up buildings and
I think haveVaised probably two hundred thou-
sand dollars in all. There are usually ninety
or one hundred, sometimes more than a hun-
dred soldiers there, some of them very destitute.
■Those who are able perhaps pay something,
but they come to Chicago to be treated, a good
many of them, for their eyes, and are entirely
destitute. The establishment takes care of any
soldier who is in that condition. The object
of the bill is to furnish a suit of clothes to each
one of that class of persons. That is the ex-
tent of the bill. I think the Senator from Ohio
can have no objection to it. It is not intended
as a general bill to furnish all soldiers.
Mr. SHERMAN. But it provides for fur-
nishing one suit of clothes annually, and is to
be continued.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But only while the Uni-
ted States has the clothing on hand. We have
a vast amount of clothing now laid aside. It
was provided for our armies during the war,
it being supposed the^ would want it. Of
course in time this clothing will become moth-
eaten, and will be of no value to the Govern-
ment. It will be a groat relief to some of
these charitable institutions to get some of this
clothing. If the Government has not got it it
will not be distributed under the bill. The extent
of it is very little, and I really think there can-
not be any objection to the bill. I trust the
Senator from Ohio will withdraw his objec-
tion and let it pass.
