200
THE • GONGKESSIONJlL GLOBE.
March 19,
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to.
voting a suit of clothes to all the disabled sol-
diers in these charitable- institutions.
Mr. TBUMBULL.. That is the extent of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; it provides far one
suit annually. Now, after this year national
soldiers' asylums will be organized in every
State of the Union with ample funds, and they
will be under the regulation of persons author-
ized by the Government. Then every person
who is entitled to receive the benefits of an
asylum will go to these places and be subject to
the discipline and the authority of the United
States, and the clothing will be distributed by
officers or persons appointed by the United
States authorities. This provision would con-
tinue these persons in private charitable insti-
tutions, while the object of the law providing
national asylums is to secure to the beneficiaries
of this money homes provided by the national
Government. If this bill were confined to one
suit of clothing now I would not object to it.
Mr. TBUMBULL. Yery well; strike out
the word "annually."
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
the bill with that amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move, then, to amend
the bill by striking out the word "annually."
Mr. WILSON. Very well.
The amendment was agreed-to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
In. The amendment was ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill -to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
bridges over the missouri and mississippi.
Mr, HENDERSON. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 19.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 19) declaring a bridge
to be constructed over the Missouri river at or
near the town of St. Charles, and a bridge to
be constructed over the Mississippi river at or
near the city of Louisiana, in the State of Mis-
souri, to be legal structures and post roads.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads reported the bill with amendments. The
first amendment was in section one, line eight-
een, to strike out the words "the State of Mis-
souri" and to insert "any State in which any
portion of said obstruction or bridge touches
so that the clause will read:
And in case of any litigation arising from any ob-
struction or alleged obstruction to the freo navigation
of said river, the cause may be tried before tho district
court of the United States of any State in which any
portion of said-obstruction or bridge touches.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as sec-
tion five the following:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the Missouri
River Railroad Company, authorized by tho Legisla-
ture of Kansas, may construct a bridge across the
Missouri river, at or within two miles of tho corpo-
rate limits of tho city of Leavenworth, Kansas, upon
tho same terms and conditions provided for in this
act.
The amendment-was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed. The title was amended so as to read:
"A bill declaring a bridge to be constructed
over the Missouri river at or near the town of St.
Charles, and a bridge to be constructed over
the Mississippi river at or near the city of
Louisiana, in the State of Missouri, and a
bridge to be constructed over the Missouri river
at or near Leavenworth, Kansas, to be legal
structures and post roads."
' senator from maryland.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. JOHNSON. Before that is done I ask
ths honorable member to permit me to make a
motion which I am about to make. I presented
J yesterday the.credentials of Hon. Philip Francis
Thomas as Senator on this floor. In conse-
quence of the statements made on the floor of
the Senate in relation to his, right to a seat as
a Senator, he informs me this morning that he
is exceedingly anxious' to- haye the inquiry
made as -to the truth of' the charges at the
earliest moment. He has requested me, there-
fore, to move- that his credentials be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary. I make
that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
exeoutive session.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business; and after some time spent therein
the doors were reopened.
message irom the iiodse.
_ A message from the House <?f Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bill
and joint resolutions, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 73) to exempt ladders
from internal tax.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 21) relative to
the issue of agricultural college scrip to the
States lately in rebellion ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 22) to authorize
the payment of Rev. C. B. Boxnton, as Chap-
lain of the House of Representatives of the
Fortieth Congress; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 23) relative to
the publication of the treaties and laws of the
United States.
enrolled resolution signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
joint resolution (H. R. No. 10) in relation to
certain coin and bullion on special deposit in.
the Treasury; and it was thereupon signed by
the President pro tempore of the Senate.
supplementary reconstruction bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill
(H. 11. No. 33) supplementary to an act entitled "Art
act to provide for the rnoro efficient government of
the rebel States," passed March iJ, 1867, and to facil-
itate restoration, having mot, aft«r full and frco con-
ference have agreed to recommond, and do recom-
mend, to their respective Houses, as follows:
That the Sonata recede from its disagreement to
the second amendment of the- House, and agree "to
the same.
That tho House of Representatives recede from its
third amendment to the amendment of the Senate,
and agroe to the same, with tho following amend-
ment: on page 5, line cloven, after the word "assem-
bling" insert "and if it shall moreover appear to
Congress that the election was one at which all the
registered and qualified voters in the State had an
opportunity to vote freely and without restraint,
fear, or tho influence of fraud, and if the Congress
shall be satisfied that such constitution meets the
approval of a majority of all the qualified electors
in the State," and that tho Senate agree to the same.
LYMAN TRUMBULL,
CHARLES R. BUCK ALB W,
HENRY WILSON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JAMES F. WILSON,
GEORGE S. BOtJTWELti,
SAMUEL S. MARSHALS,
Managers on the pan of the House.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the effect of that?
I do not understand.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The effect of it is this :
the House recede from the disagreement to our
amendment, which required, as the Senate will
remember, a majority of the votes cast, a ma-
jority of the registered voters voting at the
election, and agrees to it with this addition,
which is, that when tho constitution is pre-
sented Congress must be satisfied that all the
registered voters in a State had a full and fair
opportunity to vote, and that the constitution
meets the approval of a majority of the quali-
fied voters.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am satisfied.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. Do I
understand that a majority of all the registered
voters is not now required ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. .The word "registered"
is put in before "qualified," but that does not
alter i,t at all. The Senate disagreed to that
before, though it might very properly have
agreed to it. It is now left to a. majority of
the qualified registered voters .voting upon acon-
stitution; and a majority of the votes cast de-
termines the question, provided a majority of
all the registered TOters participate in the elec-
tion, just as we left it; and the other provision
is that Congress must be satisfied when the
constitution comes here that everybody has
had an opportunity to participate in the elec-
tion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
the chairman- of the committee explain what
is meant by the expression that it shall be
made to appear that all the electors have had
the opportunity to vote without the influence
of fraud.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That means freely.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It says "freely" be-
fore.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is repeating it..
We wanted it thoroughly indoctrinated into
the minds of these people.
Mr. BUCKALEVV. I have but one remark
to make. The gentlemen, who constituted
the Senate branch of this joint committee of
conference were not particularly charmed with
the phraseology of the amendment, but con-
ceded to the House the insertion of these
words, supposing it would do np harm. On the
other, the vital point, to wit, the question of
the number of votes to be required at the elec-
tion, the House consented to our position. We
therefore considered that we were carrying
off the honors of the battle, and would allow
these words to go in.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should like
to hear from the Senator who represented the
minority on this committee of conference.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senate has got
what it wants.
The report was concurred in.
house bills referred.
The following bill and joint resolutions from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred as indi-
cated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 73) to exempt ladders
from internal tax—to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 22) to author-
ize the payment of Rev.. C. B. Boyntox, as
Chaplain of the House of Representatives of
the Fortieth Congress—to the Committee on
Appropriations.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 23) relative
to thejDublication of the treaties and laws of the
United States—to the Committee on Printing.
The joint resolution (H, R. No. 21) relative
to the issue of agricultural college scrip to the
States lately in rebellion, was read twice by its
title.
Mr. POMEROY. Let that lie on the table
for the present. It can be considered infor-
mally by the Committee on Public Lands with-
out a formaj reference.
The PRESIDENT pro-tempore. The reso-
lution will lie on the table.
executive session.
The Senate again proceeded to the- consid-
eration of executive business ; and after some
time, spent therein, the doors were reopetjed,
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 19, 1867.
The House met at twelve o' clock m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rey. C. B. Boyntou.
On motion of Mr. BINGHAM, the reading
of the Journal of yesterday was dispensed with
by unanimous consent.
duty on wool and woolens.
Mr. BINGHAM. Congress at its last ses-
sion passed a.bill, laying additional duties on
imported wools and woolen goods. But when
