1867.
THE. CONGRESSIONAL, GLOB®.
the bill caste-to: be enrolled an error was com-
mitted by- tlfe accidental omission- <jf three
words. I ask_unani®aw consent to, introduce
a joint resolution, to correct the error. It mil
explain itself, without further words from me.
The joint resolution was read at length. Tb§
preamble states that in the enrollment of, the
bill entitled "An act to provide iqcresse<t rev-
enue from imp.ortedwool, and for other pur-
pose^" approved March..2, 186.7, the words
' Canada long wools" were inadvertently
omitted from the paragraph designated under
the heading " Class two, combing-wools," al-
though said words were in the engrossed bill,
and were intended to be a part of the aet as
passed by the Thirty-Ninth "Congress.
The joint resolution provides that the afore-
mentioned act be amended by inserting the
words'" .Canada long wools " after the words
"down combing-wools," in the paragraph
headed "Class two, combing-wools."
< No objection being made, the joint resolu-
tion was received; read a first and second time,
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time ;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time^ind passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ISSUE OF AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE SCRIP.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask consent of the House
to introduce a joint resolution relative to the
issue of agricultural college scrip to the States
lately in rebellion.
Mr. BtJRR. Let th.e joint resolution be
read.
The joint resolution was read at length.
The preamble of the joint resolution recites
that on the 3d day of April, 1866, by the au-
thority and direction of the President of the
United States, agricultural college scrip, cov-
ering nearly two hundred and seventy thousand
acres, was issued and delivered to the State of
North Carolina, under the act of Congress of
July 5, 1862, providing for agricultural col-
leges ; that by the same authority the General
Land Office is now preparing to issue scrip in
like manner to the States of Virginia, Georgia,
and Mississippi; and that said action of the
President takes for granted that said States are
restored to their proper constitutional relation
to the LTnion, and are to be recognized in all
respects as entitled to the rights of the other
States of the Union, which questions Congress
alone can rightfully determine.
The joint resolution prohibits the further
issue or delivery of such scrip to any of the
States "lately in rebellion against the pnited
States, except the State of Tennessee, or the
acceptance of such scrip, or of any heretofore
issued, by the registers or receivers of any of.
the land offices of said States, until they shall
be fully restored to their rights as States by
Congress.
Mr. BURR. I object to the introduction
of this joint resolution.
Mr. JULIAN. I move that the rules be sus-
pended in order to permit the introduction of
the joint resolution at this time.
The question was taken; and upon a division,
there were—ayes 53, noes 19 ; no quorum vot-
ing.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Julian and
Mr. Nicholsox were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 69, noes 18.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended.
The joint resolution was received, read a first
and second time, ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly-read the third time.
Mr. JULIAN. I call for the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BURR. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the passage of tb.eioiot resolution.
The yeaa and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 108, nays 24, not vot-
ing 86; as follows:
YBAS^-Messrs. Allison, 4m',1*, Anderson, Belos R.
Ashley, James, Ikt. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks,
Beaman, Benjamin, Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Bout-
well, Bromw ell', Broomall, BucSlaMfcCalte, Churchill,
Reader Vf,. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn,
Cook, Cornell, Covode. Culloin. Dodge, Donnelly,
BtiggsJSekley, Eggloston, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferris,
Ferry, Fields, Finney, Garfield, Grav.elr, BamiHoa,
Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Htibbard,
Hulburd. Hunter, Jutld, Julian, Kotley, Kclsey,
Ketobaia, Kitchen, Koonte. Latlin, William Law-
rence, Lincoln, Losan.Louehridge, Ma)),Qry, Ktarvin,
McCliu-g, Mercur, Miller, Moore JSlorrell. Nawcomb,
O'Neill, Orth, l'ainft, Perham, Peters, Pile, Plants,
Poland, Polsley, Jpomeroy, Robertson, lawyer,
Sohcnck, Scofield, Shanks, Sheliabarger,
Spalding, Aaron F.Stevens, ThaddeusSteven's,Taffe,
Thomas, Trowbridge, Twitchell, Upson, Van Aer-
nao, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck. Cadwalsder C.
Washburn. Henry D. Washburn, Welkqr, William
Williams, James F.Wilsop, John T. Wilson, Stephen
E. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—-103.
NAYS —Messrs. Arehop, Barnps, Brooks, Burr,
Eldridpre, Fox. Getz, Glossbrenner, Hai/fht, Holman,
Kerr, Marshall, Morgan, Morrissey, Niblack, Nich-
olson, Noell,Pruyn, Randall, Sitgreaves, Taker, Vau
Auken, VanTrump, and Wood—24.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Boyer, Butler, Chanler,
Dawes, Denison, Eliot, Griswold, Halsey, Harding,
Hayes, Ilill, llooper. Humphrey, Ingersoll, George
V. Lawrence. Loan, Lynch, McCarthy, McCullough,
Moorhead, Mungcn, Myers, Phelps, Pik<5, Price,
Rautn, Robinson, Ross, Selye, Stewart, Stone, Taylor,
Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, William R. Washburn,
and Thomas Williams—36.
So the joint resolution was passed. s
Mr.JULTAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and,
also moved that the motion to recpnsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF NATIONAL CURRENCY, ETC.
Mr. MILLER. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce for consideration at the present
time a joint resolution directing the Secretary
of the Treasury to cause the national bank
notes, bonds, and other Government printing
to be done at the Government Printing Office
in the city of Washington.
Mr. RANDALL. Let the joint resolution
be read for information.
The joint resolution, which was<read, recites
in the preamble that it is inexpedient to have
the Government printing done in the city of
New York or other cities when the same can
be done in the Government Printing Office at
Washington as cheaply, or more cheaply, be-
side avoiding the expense of expressage. The
joint resolution therefore proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Treasury to cause the
printing of the notes, bonds, and other Gov-
ernment printing to be done at the Govern-
ment Printing Office ia Washington ; provided
the same can be done as well and as cheaply
as in the city of New York or elsewhere.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. MILLER. I move to suspend the rules
to permit the introduction of the joint resolu-
tion.
On the motion there were—ayes '2fi, noes 57.
Mr. MILLER. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the motion to suspend the rules was not
agreed to.
internal tax on ladders.
Mr. JUDD. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce for consideration at this time, a bill
entitled "An act to exempt ladders from in-
ternal ta^i ^ ^
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be read for information, after which the Chair
will entertain any objection which may be
made.
The bill, which was read, provides that lad-
ders manufactured in whole or in part from
wood, from and after the passage of the aet,
be entitled to the exemption provided for in
section eleven of the act entitled "An act to
amend existing laws relating to internal reve-
nue, and for other purposes," approved March
2, 1867.
There being no objection, the bill was intro-
duced, and read a first and second time.
Mr, SPALDIN6%, J should like to, hear some
explanation of the bill.
Mr. J UDD. I prop^s.e.to hajVeyeacl. a short
letter from one of my constituents, wbiehtwill>.
I think, explain this matter ,3o; clearly thatno
gentleman on this floor will, object, to i-be^ pas-
sage of the bill. „ - ..
The Clerk read as. follows;
, Caloieo, MuvokS, K6T;
Dear Si : In reading th® amended- revenue tax
A?™, thaUaddcsrs of <tll
kinds are not included in the list of articles exempted
from taxation, as about everything else made of
wood is included m. the bill. "Probably tl .,arti<flo
was net thought of by ^ny member of Congress or
it would have been named in the list.
Within a few years pftst Several facter-ieghavobeen
started in, different cities of th.e Union; makins tho
manufacture of ladders, an exclusive business, and
by this means this class of-goods have been much
improved; but wo have been so heavily taxed on all
materials used, as well as on the article wlven sold,
that it has been a precarious business. Now, that
the tax has been, removed from the entire class of
wooden articles, with the exception of ladders, I
have felt that to ask you would so get your influence
to amond the law so as to include ladders of: allkinds.
lloping-you will consider an amendment of tho kind
an act of justice, and labor to secure it.
I am truly yours, C. Q.
Hon. Norman B. Judd,
Mr. JUDD. Mr. Speaker, I have tested the
accuracy of the statements contained in that
letter by a reference to. the internal revenue
act, approved March 2, 1807. If members
desire it I will read the various exemptions- of
articles manufactured of wood. It will- be,
found that things, belonging to substantiajly
the same class, but of very much greater "mag-
nitude as articles of manufacture than'' ladders,
are by that aet put upon the free list, while
ladders have been omitted. The raanufectnre
of ladders is a very small business at present,
and needs, I think, the little encouragement
which this exemption will give it. I hope the
House will pass the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would inquire of the
gentleman whether the raw materials entering
into the manufacture of ladders are taxed.
With regard to many articles included in the
the free list the tax has. been taken off because
the materials entering into their manufacture
have already paid tax-. It seems to me that to
select a single article like this,and put it,upon
the free list will be an exceptional kind of
legislation, in which we ought not to.engage at
the present time. The bill passed yesterday
at the instance of tho gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Blaine] was merely to correct a mistake
in the law in reference to a matter that had
been legislated upon. .
Now, if the gentleman may put in ladders or
any other specific article in the free list, soma
other gentleman may vote to put in something
else, and so we may go on perpetually.
I hope the gentleman will let me move to
refer this bill to the Committee of Ways and
Moans when appointed.
Mr. JUDD. I will say to the honorable
gentleman from Ohio that the larger portion
of the cost of these things is the labor involved
in their manufacture. The principal material
is wood, but &ere are iron spikes and nails
which I assume are necessary to be used for
the completion of the article.
I will call attention to some of the articles
exempted under the act to which this is an
amendment: ".brush-blocks." I do not see
any reason-why we should exempt brush-blocks
and not ladders:
" Casks, churns, barrels, wooden brushes and broom
handles, tanks, and kitts made of wood, including
cooperage of all kinds, bungs and plugs, packing-
boxes, nest-boxes, and match-boxes, whether made
of wood or other materials; wooden hames, plow
beams, split-bottom chairs, and tamed materials for
the same unmanufactured, and saddle-trees made of
wood, and match-boxes heretofore made on which
a tax has not been paid.
Horse-rakes, horse-powers, tedders, bames, scythe-
snaths, hay-forks, hoes, and portable grinding mills.
Potato-nooks, pitchforks, manure and spading
forks.
Pumps, garden-engines, and hydraulic rams.
Sleds, wheelbarrows, and hand-carts, and fence
made of wood."
As was stated yesterday, ladders were over-
looked, or they, too, would have been ex-
empted. I demand the previous question.
