1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the upper and lower rapids of the Mississippi river:
tho character of lands offered by the State of Louisi-
ana to the United States Government as security for
guarantying bonds of- said State to bo used ip tho
construction of levees, collect facts and statistics
relating to theso subjects; and that said committoe
he instructed to report at tho next regular session
of this House by bill or otherwise.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. CHANLER. I will object unless the
gentleman will include the wharves and docks
of the city and harbor of New York.
Mr. WARD. And the Hudson and Sus-
quehanna rivers.
publication 01? laws and treaties.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ask
unanimous consent to introduce for consider-
ation at this time a joint resolution relative to
the publication of the treaties and laws of the
United States.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
provides that so much of section seven of an
act entitled "An act making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1868, and for other
purposes," approved March 2, 1867, as relates
to the publication of the treaties and laws of
the United States, shall be extended to the
States not therein designated and to the Ter-
ritories ; provided that the Clerk of the House
is hereby authorized to print the laws and trea-
ties of the United States as aforesaid in three
newspapers in Louisiana.
Mr. KELSEY and Mr. CHANLER ob-
jected to the introduction of the joint resolu-
tion.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Theobject
of this joint resolution is merely to make the
provisions of the section of the act referred to
in it apply to all the States and Territories
alike; and also to allow the publication of the
laws and treaties of the United States in three
newspapers in Louisiana, instead of two only,
as now provided by law. It is urged that the
publication in two papers in Louisiana will not
be sufficient.
Mr. KELSEY and Mr. CHANLER with-
drew their objection.
The joint resolution was then received, read
a first and second time, ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion was passed; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
clerks in the departments. «
Mr. NOELL. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution for considera-
tion at this time:
Jlenolved, That tho Secretaries of War. Navy,
Treasury, State, Interior, the Postmaster General,
and tho Commissioner of Agriculture be requested
to report to this House tho number and names of
clerks and employes in their respective Departments,
their grades and classes, with length of service, and
the State, Territory or district from which eaoh was
appointed.
Mr. CULLOM objected.
claims of loyalists for damages.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I desire,
if it shall be the pleasure of the House, to call
up for consideration at this time a motion sub-
mitted by myselfon the 11th instant, to recon-
sider the vote by which the House referred to
the Committee of the Whole the bill of the
House No. 29, relative to damages done to
loyal men, and for other purposes. I desire to
call up the motion for the purpose of making
a speech upon it while the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the supplementary reconstruction
bill are engaged upon that subject. I will
agree to yield as soon as that committee come
in with their report. I desire to make the
speech to-day, as otherwise I probably will
not have an opportunity to make it this session.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
is a privileged question. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania, rising to call up that motion, is
entitled to the floor for one hour.
Mr. BOYfiR. I rise to a question of order.
I desire to know whether my colleague [Mr.
Stevens] is entitled in this way to get posses-
sion of the floor without a suspension of the
rules?
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read Rule
49, to be found on page 164 of the Digest.
Tho Clerk read as follows:
"When a motion has been once made and carried
in the affirmativo or negative, it shall be in order for
any member of the majority to move for the recon-
sideration thereof, on the same or succeeding day;
and such motion shall take precedence of all other
questions, oxcept a motion to adjourn; and shall not
be withdrawn after the said succeeding day without
the consent of the House, and thereafter any member
may call it up for consideration."
The SPEAKER. This bill was introduced
March 11, 1867; read twice, and referred to
the Committee of the Whole. On the same
day the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] having voted with the majority on
the reference of the bill, moved to reconsider
the vote by which it had been referred. That
motion being called up now has priority of
all other questions except a motion to adjourn.
Mr. BUYER. Would it be in order now
to move that the motion to reconsider be lai<J
on the table?
The SPEAKER. Jhat motion will be in
order when the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] shall have concluded his re-
marks. He is entitled under the rule to one
hour to discuss the question.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to inquire whether
tha gentleman gave notice within the rule of
his intention to move a reconsideration.
The SPEAKER. The motion was entered
on the day on which the bill was referred.
Mr. WOOD. Is there any record of that
fact?
The SPEAKER. The motion is journalized.
Otherwise it could not be called up. On page
6 of the Daily Order of Business for Monday,
March 18, will be found the following:
Motions passed and motions to reconsider pending—
Privileged.
March 11,1867.. A bill (H. E. No. 29) relative to
damages done to loyal men, and for other purposes.
Read twice and referred to a Committee of the Whole
House for to-morrow, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. Stevexs moved to reconsider the vote referring
said bill. Question. Shall the said vote bo reconsid-
ered?
Mr. WOOD. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania whether he intends to with-
draw the motion, or to move the previous ques-
tion at the conclusion of his spcech and deprive
this side of the House of all opportunity to
reply to him.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I "will
say to the gentleman that I do not intend to
move the previous question. I propose to allow
the fullest debate which gentlemen can desire.
I do not wish to prejudice in any way the rights
of gentlemen on that side.
Before proceeding with my remarks I ask
the Clerk to read the bill now before the House
on the motion to reconsider.
The Clerk read as follows;
Whereas it is due to justice, as an examplo to
future times, that some proper punishment should
be inflicted on tho pooplo who constituted the " con-
federate States of America/' both because they, de-
claring an unjust war against the United States for
tho purpose of destroying republican liberty and
permanently establishing slavery, as well as for the
cruel and barbarous manner in which they conducted
said war, in violation of all the laws of civilized war-
faro, and also to compel them to make some com-
pensation for the damages and expenditures caused
by said war: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and Souse of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congresi assem-
bled, That all tho public lands belonging to the ten
States that formed tho government of the so-called
"confederate States of America" shall be forfeited
by said States and become forthwith vested in the
United States. , _ , ,, _
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Presi-
dent shall forthwith proceed to cause the seizure of
such of the property belonging to the belligerent
enemy as is deemed forfeited by tho act of July 17,
A. D. 1862, and hold and appropriate the same as
enemy's property, and to proceed to condemnation
with that already seized.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That m lieu Of
the pioceeding to condemn the property thus seized
as enemy's property, as is provided by the act of July
17, A. D. 1862, two commissions or more, as by him
may be deemed necessary, shall bo appointed by the
President for each of the said " confederate State#,
to consist,of-three persons each, one. of whom shall
be an officer of tho late or present Army, and two
shall be civilians, neither of whom shall be citizens
of the State for Which he shall be appointed; and
that thesaid commissions shall proceed to abjudicate,
and condemn the property aforesaid, under suchforms
and proceedings as shall be prescribed by the Attor-
ney General of theUnited States, whereupon thetitle
to said property shall become vested in the United
States. # *
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, T^hat out of the
lands thus seized and confiscated the slaves' who
have been liberated by the operations of the wax and
theamendmenttothe Constitution or otherwise, who
resided in said "confederate States" on the 4th day
of March, A. D. 1861, or since, shall have) distributed
to them as follows, namely: to each male person
who is the head of a family, forty acres 5 to each adult
male, whether the head of a family or not, forty
acres; to cach widow who is the head of a family,
forty acres—to be held by them in fee-simple, but to
bo inalienable for the next ten years after thoy be-
come seized thereof. For the purpose of distributing
and allotting said land the Secretary of War shall
appoint as many commissions in cach State as ho
shall deem necessary, to consist of three members
each, two of whom at least shall not be citizens of
the State for which he is appointed. Bach of said
commissioners shall receive a salary of $3,000 annu-
ally and all his nccessary expenses. Each commis-
sion shall be allowed one clerk, whose salary shall
bo $2,000 per annum. The title to the homestead
aforesaid shall be vested in trustees for the use of
tho liberated persons aforesaid, trustees shall be
appointed by the Secretary of War, and shall re-
ceive such salary as ho shall direct, not exceeding
S3,000 per annum. At tho enflLpf ten years the ab-
solute title to said homesteads shall be conveyed
to said owners or to the heirs of such as are then dead.
Sec.'5. And be it further enacted. That out of tho
balance of the property thus seized and confiscated
there shall be raisod, in tho manner hereinafter pro-
vided, a sum equal to fifty ddftlars, for each home-
stead, to be applied by the trustees hereinafter men-
tioned toward the erection of buildings on the said
homesteads for tho use of said slaves; and the further
sum of $500,000,000, which shall be appropriated as
follows, to wit; $200,000,000 shall be invested in Uni-
ted States six per cent, securities; and the interest
thereof shall bo semi-annually added to the pensions
allowed by law to pensioners who have become so by
reason of thclate war; $300,000,000, or so much thereof
as may bo needed, shall be appropriated to pay dam-
ages dono to loyal citizens by the civil or military
operations of the government lately called the "con-
federate States of America."
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That in order that
just discrimination may bo made, tho property of no
one shall be seized whose whole estate on the 4th day
of March, A. D. 1865, was not worth more than $5,000,
to be valued by tho said commission, unless he shall
have voluntarily become an officer or employ^ in tho
military or civil service of the "confederate States
of America," 01* in the civil or military service of
some one of said States, and in enforcing all confis-
cations tho sum or valuo of $5,000 m real or personal
property shall bo left or assigned to the delinquent.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That the commis-
sion shall put a just and impartial valuation on all
the property thus seized and forfeited, and when
such valuation shall be completed in tho several
States all the said commissioners shall meet in tho
city of Washington and assess tho $500,000,000 afore-
said, as well as tho allowances for homestead build-
ings. pro rata, on cach of the properties or estates
thus seized, and shall give notice of such assessment
and apportionment by publication for sixty days in
two daily newspapers in the city of Washington, and
in two daily newspapers in the capitals of each of
the said " confederate States."
Sec.8. And be it further enacted, That if the owners
of said seized and forfeited estates shall, within
ninety d*vs after the first of said publications, pay
into the Treasury of tho United States the sum as-
sessed on their estates respectively, all of their estates
and lands not actually appropriated to the liberated
slaves shall be released and restored to their owners.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That all the land,
estates, and property, of whatever kind, which shall
not be redeemed as aforesaid within ninety days,
shall be sold and converted into money, in such time,
and manner as may be deemed by the said commis-
sioners most advantageous to the united States: Pro-
vided, That no arable land shall be sold in larger
tracts than five hundred acres: And provided further,
That no longer credit shall be given than three years.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, Mr.
Speaker, I am about to discuss the question
of the punishment of belligerent traitors by
enforcing the confiscation of their property to
a certain extent, both as a punishment for their
crimes and to pay the loyal men who have been
robbed by the rebels, and to increase the pen-
sions of our wounded soldiers. The punishment
of traitors has been wholly ignored by a treach-
erous Executive and by a sluggish Congress. I
wish to make an issue before the American peo-
ple and see whether they will sanction the per-
fect impunity of a murderous belligerent, and
consent that the loyal men of this nation, who
have been despoiled of their property, shall
remain without remuneration, either by the
rebel property or the property of the nation.
To this issue I desire to devote the small
remnant of my life. I desire to make the
