206
THECONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
March 19,
India, in which so many millions of the original
owners of the soil were engaged, and who held
proprietary rights tinder well-defined titles, the
Government declared that their engagements
had been canceled by the rebellion, and that
the proprietary right in the soil was confiscated
to the Government, whirt would dispose of
that "right as to it might seem fitting." No
one ever complained that this exceeded the
power of the victors. Why so tender when
a small punishment is to be inflicted on our
enemy? Three hundred million dollars put at
interest at six percent, would just about double
present pensions. Eight dollars a month to
men unable to work is wholly inadequate to
their necessities. That rate was fixed when
the pay of soldiers was but eight dollars
per month; it is now sixteen dollars. The
increased price of all the necessaries of life
renders that necessary. The pensions should
be increased in the same proportion. Their
present allowance is a mere mockery; it must
be doubled out of some fund. Shall it be at
the cost of loyal men, or of those who mangled
and slew our noble soldiers? You talk of pity.
Pity for whom? Your tears flow for pompous
traitors; ours for maimed, halting, crippled
patriots. .
I know there is a cry for the perfect impu-
nity of the enemy. It is a dangerous and
unwholesome doctrine.- Inflict salutary pun-
ishments to prevent future civil wars and to
punish the criminals; " their brothers' blood
cries to us from the earth which has opened
its mouth to receive their brothers' blood from
their hands;" aM this blood cannot sink into
the ground unavenged; the ghosts of these
murdered martyrs will not down, but will haunt
their murderers to the bar of eternal judgment.
Is there anything in the practice of nations
to condemn this confiscation? Nothing; but
everything to justify it. When a city or peo-
ple in alliance with Rome conspired to levy
war against her, 011 being conquered she was
not unfrequently deprived of half her popula-
tion and their lands taken and given to Roman
colonists. Where all is justly forfeited, includ-
ing their lives, to leave them a part is great
mercy. I need not cite the examples of Greece
and Macedonia. They were severer than Rome.
Now, 1 would not exact much -personal pun-
ishment. I have never believed in bloody
penalties. I have long since adopted the milder
views of Bocearia and Montesquieu. But when
I say that, it does not mean impunity to criminals.
Heavy pecuniary punishments should take the
place of personal inflictions. Rome at one
time decreed that no blood should be shed
except in hostile conflict. But for making war
on the republic and lesser crimes she inter-
dicted to the "malefactor fire and water,"
which was the form of her sentence of banish-
ment. Such banishment involved the forfeit-
ure of all their estates, real as well as personal.
While they allowed the malefactor to depart
with life they reduced him to poverty. Such
was the fate of Cicero when he went into exile.
It was from the study of this Roman law, no
doubt, that our learned President took the idea
contained in his speech, " traitors must be
impoverished." He will, I hope, pardon us
for not being hard-hearted enough fully to carry
out his wishes.
Certain gentlemen seem hard to learn, either
from the writings of learned publicists, or from
the passing and visible events of the present
age. The German empire had many features
similar to our own. It was composed of thirty-
eight States, each independent in its own muni-
cipal government and laws, but each subject
to the general government of the empire in
whatever came within its jurisdiction. By its
constitution all the States were pledged to per-
petual union. This pledge had come down to
them through ages. It had, a congress of mem-
bers from each of the States, which was sitting
permanently, whose acts were to bind each
member of the confederacy. War broke out
between two of the principal Powers. The
minor States ranged themselves under the ban-
ner of the one or the other. Prussia triumphed.
Did the constituent parts say, " We lay down
t>ur arms; peace ensues; and we claim our old
rights as they were under the constitution of
the German empire ? We could not go out of
that empire, for our constitution declared that
it should be perpetual." No. None of the van-
quished Powers were so idiotic as to set up suqji
pretenses. No one was foolish enough to sug-
gest it to the conqueror. Prussia took up these
submissive States and dealt with them accord-
ing to the universally-acknowledged laws of
war. She first imposed the expenses of the war
upon the conquered belligerents according to
what she deemed equitable. Austria bore fo rty-
five millions, Saxony ten millions, Bavaria
three millions, and so on. She refused to let
the States participate in the Government, but
incorporated several of them into the kingdom
of Prussia. Why do not these injured parties
invoke the indignation of the civilized world ?
Because they knew that the verdict would be
against them. They knew that the war destroyed
the constitution of the German empire and
annulled the treaties of 1815 ; that all must be
subject to the will of the conqueror. Where is
our statesmanship that we suffer the enemy to
escape from the payment of the costs and dam-
ages of the war? Where is our patience that
we suffer them to clamor about rights under
the Constitution? Where is our courage that
we suffer the President to head this new rebel-
lion ?
The remaining part of the sum levied, to
wit, $200,000,000, is to remunerate loyal men
in both sections who in consequence of their
loyalty have been plundered and had their prop-
erty destroyed by the invading armies and raiders
of the enemy, or by the unjust seizure and con-
fiscation of the property of loyal men in the
rebel States. Who objects to this ? Whoever
does let him put his name on record, that the
conntry may fairly judge on which side his
sympathies lie. By the usages of nations the
property of the citizens of the belligerent Power
taken or destroyed as a military necessity is paid
by the Government. But property taken or
destroyed by the enemy is not paid by the Gov-
ernment. Strictly speaking, the property of
citizens of the hostile Government, though
friendly to the conqueror, cannot be charged
to the victor. But in civil wars it seems to
me that a distinction should be made, and those
who had suffered for their adherence to the
parent Government should be taken care of in
adjusting the conditions of peace. We know
there are loyal men in the South who are large
sufferers. There are a still larger number in
the North who are made larger sufferers, neither
of whom have any chance of being remunerated
except through this congressional legislation.
Neither of them can ever receive a dollar out
of the Treasury of the United States. I know
not whether $200,000,000 will pay them. Cer-
tainly it would be a great relief. I need not
enumerate the sort of damages to whi ch I refer.
Southern loyalists who have suffered are every-
where to be seen. The valley of Virginia and
the course of Sheridan's operations are full of
them. The smoking ruins of Lawrence and
Chambersburg, almost every county of Mis-
souri and Maryland, and the frontier portions
of Ohio are samples of the latter.
If the war had been between two regular Gov-
ernments, both of which survived the war, the
victor in the treaty of peace would require the
vanquished to pay all such damages as well as
all the expenses of the war. If neither had
conquered the other they would probably be
silent, and each bear his own loss. Congress
is dictating the terms of peace. If she does
not provide for these meritorious claimants
she will be bound in honor to pay them out of
the national Treasury. If she does not, indi-
viduals will be wronged and the nation dishon-
ored. This bill is very merciful toward a cruel,
outlawed belligerent, who, when their armies
were dispersed, would gladly have compro-
mised if their lives were saved. Those who
will be affected by this bill will not exceed
seventy thousand out of a population of six mil-
lion whites, for this is a people of aristocrats
and subjects; of a-proud nobility and a cring-
ing, poor peasantry. Those seventy thousand
persons own about three hundred and ninety
million acres of land out of the five hundred
millions in the confederate States. This, to-
gether with the town property, cannot be worth
less than $10,000,000,000. This estimate ip-
cludes no man's property who was worth less
than $10,000; nor does it include any per-
sonal property, which may perhaps swell it to
$12,000,000,000. The fine proposed would be
but one twentieth of their estates. Were ever
such great malefactors so gently dealt with? It
were well if all their large estates could be sub-
divided and sold in small tracts. No people
will ever be republican in spirit and practice
where a few own immense manors and the
masses are landless. Small independent land-
holders are the support and guardians of re-
publican liberty.
But it is said that very many of these men
have been pardoned by the President, and their
forfeited estates restored to them.
1 must take the liberty to deny that any par-
don, or any other power vested in the Presi-
dent, can withdraw these forfeited estates from
the confiscation decreed by Congress. Noth-
ing less than an act of Congress can divest
them from the United States and bestow them
on the pardoned belligerents. No one denies
that the President possesses the pardoning
power. This power is conferred on*the Chiet
Executive for wise purposes, to correct the
errors and mistakes of courts, and imperfec-
tions of human laws. Bacon says :
*'Thc power of pardoning offenses is inseparably
incident to the Crown, and this high prerogative the
king is intrusted with upon a special confidence that
he will spare thoso only whose case, could it bo fore-
seen, the law itself may be presumed willing to have
oxcepted out of the general rules which the wisdom
of man cannot possibly make so perfect as to suit
every particular case." (6 Bac. Abr., 138.)
How well the President has adhered to the
object of this high prerogative others must
judge. The special pardons granted cannot
indeed be over four thousand of the subjects
of confiscation.
The pardons are granted for the crime of
treason.
I shall not question that such pardons may
be pleaded in bar of any prosecution for trea-
son, and save the traitor's property from the
forfeiture which results from the conviction of
that crime.
But the act of July 17, 1862, under which
these forfeitures arise, has no reference to
treason, (except the first four sections, under
which we do not ask the action of tlie Execu-
tive.) It declares the property of certain bel-
ligerents, enemies of the United States, sub-
ject to seizure, and orders it to be appropriated,
as enemies' property, to the service of the Uni-
ted States Government. In perfecting the for-
feiture it does not pretend to prosecute the
owners for crime, but treats their property as
that of any enemy who was captured as lawful
prize. How can the President by a pardon
restore the property thus vested in the United
States? Suppose the delinquent were an alien
enemy, and as such his property or land was
ordered to be seized by act of Congress? Could
the President dispense with that law by his sov
ereign power and arrest the forfeiture in its
transit to the Treasury ? The belligerent has
been guilty of no crime as belligerent of which
the Executive could absolve him. Neither the
war-making power nor the power to make peace
is in the President. The power to declare war
is vested in Congress alone. The power to
make peace rests with the President and the
Senate. The power to dispose of the property
of a conquered people is vested in the sovereign <
law-making power of the nation, which in tfii.
Republic is Congress. A king of England once
claimed and exercised the right to dispense with
an act of Parliament; but the Parliament vin-
dicated its rights, and by an act (1 Ws., Ill)
declared all such pardons and charters void,
and that no " dispensation by non obstante of
or to any statute or any part thereof be al-
lowed." Have we the courage and the virtue
of our British ancestors?
