1208
THE ■ CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
is showing that there are things more1 terrible
than death. It was better that his posthu-
mous farms should be unspotted than that he
should endure a few more years of trouble on
earth-: All must regret the manner of his
death; yet, looking to futurity and to his own
personal position, it may be considered happy.
From the height of his glory he beheld the
promised la-ad, and -was withdrawn from Our
sight. In the midst of the most exquisite en-
joyment of his favorite relaxation he was in-
stantaneously taken away without suffering
-one pang of death. Like the prophet of the
Lord who knew not death, he was wrapt from
.earth to heaven along a track no less luminous
than his who ascended in a chariot of fire with
horses of fire. Would to God that some small
portion of the mantle of our Elijah had fallen
on his Elisha.
Previous to the conclusion of the preceding
speech Mr. Stevens's hour expired, but it was
extended by unanimous consent.
Mr. CHANLER obtained the floor.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Unless
the gentleman from New York desires to go
on I will merely say if the House does not want
to consider the bill now, I will move its fur-
ther consideration shall be postponed until the
second Tuesday of December next.
Mr. CHANLER. I yield for that motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will have
the floor when its consideration is resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MUNGEN. May I respectfully ask the
honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] what he will do in view of the oath
he has taken to support the Constitution of the
United States, article one, section three, clause
nine, which says that " no bill of attainder or
ex post facto law-shall be passed," if the honor-
able gentleman's peculiar ideas of right and
wrong enable him to now enact a law in the face
of the Constitution,whichisclearlyea:pos</acto,
or in other wcrds retroactive ? In our country,
and under our laws, the people are sovereign;
and the very law introduced by the gentleman
admits that there was no law violated. The
rebels had but put to practical results the doc-
trine of the leaders on the other side of the House
as to the right to secede.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. No law-
yer will ever call this a bill of attainder. If
the gentleman is a lawyer and has read the
bill, I presume he has asked the question inad-
vertently. [Laughter.]
KXKOLLBD JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
the committee had examined and found truly
enrolled a joint resolution (H. R. No. 10) in
relation to certain coin and bullion on special
deposit in the Treasury; when the Speaker
signed the same.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
insisted on its disagreement to the second and
third amendments of the House of Represent-
atives to the amendment of the Senate to the
bill (H. R. No. 33) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to provide for the .more effi-
cient government of the rebel States," passed
March 2, 1867, and to facilitate restoration;
had agreed to the conference asked by the
House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, and had appointed Messrs. Trum-
bull, Wilson, and Buckalew as conferees
on the part of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 38) in relation to the ac-
knowledgment of deeds in the District of Co-
lumbia ; and
An act (S. No. 39) to provide means for the
prosecution of the work on -the distributing
reservoir of the Washington aqueduct.
The message also-announced that the Sen-
ate tatd passed a bilio'f the following title with
an atsfendmtent, in which the concurrence of
the House was requested:
Aft a-ct(H. R. No. 19) to olothe maimed and
destitute soldiers.
The iaessage further announced that the
Senate had passed joiftt resolutions of the fol-
lowing titles without amendment:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 17) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to tura over-cer-
tain property of the United States at Camp
Chase, Ohio, for the use of the National Asy-
lum for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers, and for
other purposes; -and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 20) to supply
an omission in the enroll'meht of the act to
provide increased revenue from imported wool,
and for other purposes.
colorado contested-election case.
Mr. SCOFIELD gave notice to all the mem-
bers interested in the contested-election case
of Colorado that he wouldcall it up to-morrow
immediately after the reading of the Journal.
DESTITUTE IN THE SOOTH AND SOUTHWEST.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE moved that the rules
be suspended and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House resolved itself into the Commit-
tee of the Wholeon the state of the Union, (Mr.
Pomeeoy in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of Senate joint resolution No. 1G, for
the relief of the destitute in the southern and
southwestern States.
Mr. BUTLER. I modify my amendment
by substituting the following for it:
Strike out all after tho enacting clause and insert
the following in lion thereof:
That tho soveral district commanders of the mili-
tary districts defined by an act entitled "An act to
•provide for a more efficient government for the robel
States," approved Maich 2, 1807, shall liavo power
to assess and collect by military authority, ratably
upon all persons within their districts respectively,
owning more than one hundred and sixty acres of
or who shall have an incomc of more than $600 a
year, such sum or sums as such commander may
deem necessary to rcliove and provide tor the des-
titution aud pauperism of the peoplo in his district,
not within the provisions of the act concerning
abandoned lands, refugees, and freedmen: Provided,
That all moneys raised by such assessments shall be
applied to the purposes of such rolief and no other.
And be it further resolved, That for the purposes of
collecting-such assessments such oommanders shall
severally have, in addition to their military author-
ity, thesame powers and authority to levy and collect,
by sale or otherwise, such assessments as was vested
by law in the tax commissioners under an act enti-
tled "An act for the collection of direct taxes in in-
surrectionary States, and for other purposes," passed
June 7,1862, and the acts amendatory thereof, so far
as the same may be applicable, which power of levy,
collection, and sale may be exercised by said district
commanders severally, either in person or by a com-
missioner duly appointed by each of said military
commanders, and all acts and proceedings in such
assessment, levy, and collection shall be as valiJ to
all intents and purposes as if done and carried on
under and by virtue ol the provisions of said last
mentioned act.
And Be it further resolved. That thesums as raised
by assessment shall be distributed and appiiedforre-
licf as aforesaid by the soveral district commanders
respectively, either by such officers or military com-
missions as they may detail, cat through the agents
of the Bureau of Abandoned Lands, Refugees, aud
Freodtnen of their several districts at his election,
who shall be the agents of said district commander
for this purpose, and said district commander shall
causq,a full, true, accurate, and explicit account to
be kopt-. and return to be made, of his receipts and
expenditures, and of his doings under and by virtue
of this act, to the Secretary of War, whoshall audit
and adjust such accounts in the same manner as the
accounts of the disbursing officers of the War De-
partment are audited and adjusted.
And be it further resolved. That to meet the press-
ing exigencies of the wants of people of his dis-
trict, the commander of each of said districts may
require for, and receive from the Commissary Gen-
oral of Subsistence, such rations of food, from time to
time, as he may deem sufficient to meet such exi-
gencies and afford proper rolief, to be distributed by
nim in the manner aforesaid, and said commander
shall out of the sums so assessed and collected, as
soon as may be, reimburse and pay the subsistence
department for all the rations as required by hiin at
the prime cost thereof, with a reasonable amountfor
transportation of the same: Provided, however. That
no relief shall be given or afforded to any able-bodied
unmarried man or to any family wherein an able-
bodied inmate is residing who is not continuously
employed in some manual labor daring the time of
giving such relief.
Mr. BUTLER. With the leaveof the com-
mittee, I will withdraw the modification of the
amendment.
Mr. SCHEN CK. I move it as a substitute
for the previou-s substitute offered by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
And as this debate may go over, I ask that it.
may be printed.
The CHAIRMAN. That cannot be ordered
in committee.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE.- Mr. Chairman, in
discussing this question I shall assume that
there are thousands of our fellow-eitizens
within the lately rebellious States who arc
now, and for a few months to come will be,
suffering for want of food. We have a report
from the Christian soldier, General Howard,
that such is the fact; and I may say that in
private conversation with that gentleman he
assured me of the necessity of material aid
and the propriety of legislative action. I am
told by my friend from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
that since it has been intimated that General
Howard was not in favor of this appropriation
he has received a letter from him, stating that
no person is authorized to make such a dec-
laration.
I will read a statement respecting the con-
dition of the poor of the South from the New
York Times:
" The Cry or Anguish.—'' We have neither money
nor corn. Can and will you let me have fifty bushels
till I can mako a crop? I will surely pay you. I have
fifteen freedmen hired and we can get no corn. If
your Christian people could see our sufferings, I feel
that the sympathetic tear would come to their eyes.
Only think for a moment; last year we had eleven
weeks and no rain. Our corn fell in the fields, and
there is nothing but abject want before us.'
" So writes Mr. H. Edmonds, of Ridgeway, Fairfield
district, South Carolina, in a letter received yester-
day by the Southern Famine Eelief Commission of
this city. His appeal comes with the indorsement of
Rev. Richard Fuller, D.D., of Baltimore, to whom ho
is personally known. His letter represents a distress
that reaches through nearly every district of South
Carolina, and'ineludes not fewer than ahundred thou-
sand people. Planters have no seed to put into tho
ground and no bread to feed the laboreis needed to
preparo the ground for a crop. Whole families are
known to havo lived on corn husks for Weeks.
"What is true of South Carolina is also true of largo
sections of middle and northern Georgia, and of more
than half the counties of Alabama. Some sections
of North Carolina and Mississippi sire in the same
condition, though not to the sajne extent. But it is
believed, on the authority of much painstaking in-
quiry, that there are at least three hundred thousand
people in tho above States-who must have relief from
the benevolently disposed people of tho North to
prevent-sufforing which the heart shrinks from con-
templating. The South is too deeply impoverished
to feed her own starving population, and the bread
and the seed must come from the North.
" The simultaneous appeal appointed to be made
from all the pulpits throughout the country to-mor-
row should be responded to with a generosity that
will give the Commission $100,000 to expend in its
timely and benevolent work. Mr. James M. Brown,
No. 61 Wall street, is the treasurer, and will see that
the money is faithfully applied to the uses for which
it is contributed."
Now, sir, such being their condition, I am
in favor of the resolution. Sir, the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Butler,] to which I am op-
posed, as I am also equally opposed to the
substitute for the same offered this morning,
was not, in my estimation, presented with the
idea that it would meet the approval of the
House, but rather with the intention of defeat-
ing the original measure. I for one do not
like- such legislative finessing. I prefer to
meet a question upon its merits fairly and
squarely. The gentleman well knew when he
introduced the substitute that he was placing
members of the House in a disagreeable if not
in a false position. The constituency which
we represent do not demand the passage of
such a proposition. The people who are to
be aided thereby do not demand it. It is un-
wise to vote for it, and by voting against it
, ^the gentleman well knows that we may sub-
ject ourselves to the calumnies of demagogues
as being recreant to the interest and false to
the necessities of those widows and orphans
who have nothing left on earth but the fair
fame of fathers and brothers who gave up
