214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury "Department,
Office of Internal Revenue,
Washington, June 21,1865.
Sib : In reply to yours of 14th instant I have to say
that the statements and certificates forwarded by
Mr. R. A. Smith, one of your deputies, in support
of an application for credit for moneys stolen from
him, have been carefully examined, and I am fully
convinced that the loss was not the result of any
carelessness on his part, and that ho should be reim-
bursed for the amount. .
This office haying no authority to makcsuch reim-
bursement, the papers are herewith returned.
Very respectfully,
JOSEPH J. LEWIS, Commissioner.
Wait Talcott, Collector, (t'c., llockford, Illinois.
Mr. ALLISON. I insist on my objection.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move, then, to sus-
pend the rules in order to allow the introduc-
tion of the bill.
The motion was not agreed to.
TAXATION OF NATIONAL SECURITIES.
Mr. WASHBURN; of Indiana. I ask
unanimous consent to introduce the following
resolution:
Resolved, That in any future system of funding our
national securities, the right to tax for municipal and
State purposes should bo directly granted.
Mr. GARFIELD. I objsct.
TRANSIT ACROSS THE ISTHMUS. '
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolutions; which wero
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs
be instructed to inquire and report what measures
have been taken by foreign Governments or capital-
ists to secure the control in the interest of rival na-
tions of any of the routes or franchises for tlio transit
across tho Isthmus of Panama or Nicaragua, Hon-
duras, or Tehuantepec, and to report what action, if
any, it may bo advisable for tho Government of tho
"United States to take to secure the interests of
American commerce on such transit routes.
Resolved, That the committee) be authorized and
empowered to send for persons and papers, and to
take such measures as they may judge expedient and
necessary to collect and submit the facts for th® in-
formation of tho Government and peoplo of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolutions were adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the usual num-
ber of copies of these resolutions be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
STAJIl'ED FRANKS.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution:
Jlrsohwl, That the Committeo on the Post Qffico
and Post lioads of this Ifouse when appointed be in-
structed to report a bill declaring the use of stamped
franks illegal.
Mr. GARFIELD. I object.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that tho rules be
suspended to allow the introduction of the reso-
lution.
The motion was declared not agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the motion was not agreed to.
PAYMENT 01? ASSISTANT ASSESSORS.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to introduce a joint resolu-
tion to authorize payment for the services of
assistant assessors of internal revenue who
have taken the oath prescribed by law.
The joint resolution was read for informa-
tion, as follows:
Resolved hj the Senate andlfouseof Representatives,
tfbe.. That the proper accounting officers of the Treas-
ury be, and they are hereby, authorized and required
to allow and pay to assistant assessors of internal
revenue, who have taken the oaths prescribed by
law, the compensation allowod bylaw to such assist-
ants for services actually rendered by them prior to
the time of taking such oaths, upon tho presentation
of tho necessary vouchers.
Mr. BUTLER. I object.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I hope
my colleague will allow me to make an expla-
nation.
Mr. BUTLER. I understand it thoroughly.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and fotfhd truly enrolled
joint resolutions of the following titles ; when
the Speaker signed the same:
A joint resolution"(H. R. No. 17) author-
izing the Secretary of War to turn over certain
property of the United States, at Camp Chase,
Ohio, for the use of the National Asylum for
Disabled Volunteer Soldiers, and for other
purposes; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 20) to supply
an omission in the enrollment of the act to
provide increased revenue from imported wool,
and for other purposes.
MOUNT VERNON MANUFACTURING COMPANY.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE asked unanimous con-
sent to introduce a joint resolution referring
the claim of the Mount Vernon Manufacturing
Company to the Court of Claims.
Mr. HOLMAN objected.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE moved to suspend the
rules for the purpose indicated.
The rules were not suspended.
CORRECTION IN POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. COOK. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill to change a certain post route
in the State of Illinois. It is merely to "cor-
rect an error which occurred in the post route
bill.
There was no objection, and the bill was in-
troduced, read a first and second time, ordered
to bo engrossed and read a third time ; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
COMMITTEE CLERKS.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That tho clerks of the several committees
ofthisHouse.whowercsorving as such atthocloso of
the seeond session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, bo
entitled soverally to receive pay at the same rate as
heretofore during the present session, or until their
successors may bo appointed.
Mr. IIOSS. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will modify the resolu-
tion so as to read "shall rcceive" instead of
" be entitled severally to receive and I move
to suspend the rules in order that the resolu-
tion may come before the House.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
30, noes Gl.
So tho rules were not suspended.
RESERVE OF GOLD.
Mr. MORRELL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to provide for a reserve of gold
in the Treasury and national banks, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Banking and Currency when appointed.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred, as I think
it should go to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. MORRELL. I do not object to that
reference, and I hope the bill will be referred
to the Committeo of Ways and Means when
appointed, and ordered to be printed.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
WILLIAM TOWNS1SND.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill for the relief of Wil-
liam Townsend; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to tho Committee on
the Judiciary.
SAMUEL SILVER.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, also introduced a bill for the relief of
Samuel Silver; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider the vote by
which tho bills were referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, for the purpose of referring
them to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WAIID then moved that the bills be
referred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to. ^
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Fornet,
its Secretary, informed tho House that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on House bill No. 33,
supplementary to an act entitled "An act to
provide for the more efficient government of
the rebel States," passed March 2, 1867, and
to facilitate restoration.
It further informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill (S. No. 77) supplement-
ary to an act entitled "An act to reimburse
the State of West Virginia for moneys expended
for the United States in enrolling, equipping,
and paying a military force to aid in suppress-
ing the rebellion," approved June 21, 1866.
UNITED STATES COURTS TOR NEBRASKA.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Before submitting
the report from the committee of conference, I
ask unanimous consent to take from the Speak-
er's table Senate bill No. 61, to provide for a
district and circuit court of the United States
for the district of Nebraska, and for other
purposes.
There was no objection, and the bill was
taken up, read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
GOVERNMENT OF THE REBEL STATES.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, submitted the fol-
lowing privileged report:
Tho committee of conference on tho disagreeing
votes of tho two Houses on tho amendments of tho
IIouso to tho amendment of the Senato to House bill
No. 33, supplementary to an aofc entitled "An act to
provide for tho more efficient government of tho rebel
States," passed March 2,1867, and to facilitate res-
toration, having met, after full and free conference
have agreed to reoommend, and do roconamend, to
their respective Houses, as follows:
That tho Senate recede from its disagreement to
tho second amendment of the House, and agroe to
tho same.
That tho House of Representatives recede from its
third amendment to the amendment of tho Senate,
and agree to the same, with the following amend-
ment: on page 5, lino eleven, after theword "assem-
bling," insert "and if it shall moreover appear to
Congress that tho election ivas one at which all tho
registered and qualified electors in the State had an
opportunity to vote freely and without restraint, fear,
or the influence of fraud, and if Congress shall bo
satisfied that such constitution meets the approval of
a majority of all the Qualified electors in the State;"
and that the Senate agree to the same.
JAMES P. WILSON,
S. S. MARSHALL.
GE0RG13 S. BOOTWELL,
Managers on the part of the House.
LYMAN TRUMBULL,
C. R. BUCKALBW, ,
HENRY WILSON,
Managers on the part of the Seixate.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The second amend-
ment, which the Senate by this report agrees
to, is one which inserted in the third line of the
fifth section the word "registered" before the
word "electors," by which the clause was made
to read "the constitution shall be ratified by a
majority of the votes of the registered electors."
The other amendment of the House from
which the conferees on the part of the House
agreed to recede is the one by which tho worda
" cast at sard election [at least one half all the
registered voters voting upon the question of
such ratification]" are strickeiiout. Weagreed
to recede from that amendment, so as to leave
the section in that respect as the Senate passed
it, with the addition of the amendment which
has been read ; so that it will now read as fol-
lows :
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That if, according1
to said returns, tho constitution shall be ratified by
a majority of tho votes of the registered electors qual-
ified as herein specified, east at said election, [atleast
one half of all tho registered voters voting upon tho
questions of such ratification,] the president of tlio
convention shall transmit a copy of the same, duly
certified, to the President of the United States, who
shall forthwith transmit the same to Congress, if then
in session, and if not in session, then immediately
upon its next assembling: and if it shall moreover
appear to Congress that tho olection was one at which
all the registered and qualified electors in the Stato
had an opportunity to vote freely and without re-
straint, fear, or the influence of fraud, and if the Con-
gress shall bo satisfied that such constitution meets
the approval of a majority of all tho qualified oleetora
