1867.
the congressional globe.
215
in the State; and. if the said constitution shall be
declared by Congress to bo in conformity with the
provisions of the act to which this is supplementary,
and the other provisions of said act shall have been
complied with, and the said constitution shall be
approved by Congress, the State shall bo declared
entitled to representation, and Senators and Repre-
sentatives shall be admitted therefrom as therein
provided.
The effect of the amendment is this:* that
after the ratification of the constitution by the
vote of the electors, Congress shall have the
power to determine whether that election was
a fair one ; whether it was conducted in such
manner as that every person entitled to vote
could have voted if he desired; that he was
not kept away from the polls by intimidation or
fraud; and in addition to that, that Congress
shall also be satisfied that the constitution is
one which meets the approval of a majority
of all the electors of the State.
Mr. BROOKS. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him by what process, what modus
operandi, Congress is ever to determine whether
these elections have been conducted in the
manner prescribed ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman
has had some experience in relation to that.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BROOKS. I have had too much—too
much. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Probably the gen-
tleman can answer the question from his own
experience better than 1 can, for my answer
would be only theoretical. If when the con-
stitution shall be presented to Congress for
approval a portion of the people of a State
should represent that the election which has
resulted in the alleged ratification of the con-
stitution was unfair, that the voters were kept
away from the polls by intimidation or by fraud,
or were prevailed upon by fraudulent means
to vote for the constitution when they intended
to vote against it, or vice versa, then Congress,
through its appropriate channel, a committee,
perhaps, can examine into the facts the same
as we do into the election of a member, and
determine whether there has been fairness in
conducting the election, whether the will of
the majority of those who actually voted is
expressed in the result, and whether those who
were entitled to vote but did not vote were
restrained or kept away from the polls by fear,
intimidation, threats, or fraud.
. Mr. BROOKS. I have no doubt my unfor-
tunate countrymen of the South will be very
much in the condition I was in during the
Thirty-Ninth Congress. But I had and have
this advantage over them; that as often as Con-
gress turns me out just so often do the people
send me back again by an increased majority.
That is an advantage which under this bill the
southern people will not have. What I have
to say, and I think I have once before called
the attention of the House to it, is that nothing
is settled by this bill. No matter what the
South may do, -no matter what compliance
they may make with the requirements of the
law, the whole thing is to be a contested-elec-
tion case upon the floor of this House, with an
opposition of more than two thirds of the mem-
bers to control the result.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. When this bill shall
have become a law, Congress will have proposed
a complete plan of reconstruction for the people
of the South; and by the amendment embraced
in the report of the committee of conference
it is proposed to give notice to the people
of the South that their action under this legis-
lation must be fair; that every man entitled to
vote must have a chance to vote without re-
straint and in the absence of fraud; that unless
that is done we hold in our hands the power
to send the case back to them until they shall
comply with the law.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I wish
to inquire of the gentleman from_ Iowa [Mr.
Wilson] whether the effect of this surrender
on the part of the House is not merely to_ sub-
stitute inferior evidence for that which is higher
and may be called demonstrative in its charac-
ter? In other words, whether we are not to
take the opinion of Congress instead of the
evidence furnished by the record of the votes?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. We are to have
the opinion of Congress upon whatever evi-
dence may be presented, whether, record or
otherwise. And the judgment of Congress will
be expressed by the votes of the two Houses.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Un-
doubtedly.
Mr. STEYENS, of Pennsylvania. When
this bill went to the committee of conference
it required a majority of the registered voters.
When it comes back here from the committee
of conference it requires only a majority of
those who voted, no matter how few they
may be.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It must be a
majority of the qualified electors.
Mr. MARSHALL. As I have agreed to the
report of the conference committee, it may be
proper for me to make a brief statement in
order to avoid misunderstanding and misrepre-
sentation. It is well understood that I do not
ree to the theory of the majority of this
House in regard to reconstructing or restoring
the southern States to their proper relations.
The conference committee had imposed upon
them the simple duty of seeing to the details
of this bill. As I understand it, the majority
of the House have agreed upon their plan of
restoration, at least to the extent of this hill.
And as a member of the committee of con-
ference my duty was to look to the details of
the bill.
Now, I much prefer the plan proposed by the
committee of conference to the one adopted by
the Housej and upon which the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses took place. It seemed
to me that the plan adopted by the House put
into the hands of the majority here the power
to entirely defeat restoration under the plan
now proposed by Congress. The vote on the
ratification of the constitution by the people is
to be taken months and possibly a year after
the registry is made. Under the plan adopted
by the House the result would be this : all
who might die between the time of registration
and the time of voting would be counted
against the ratification of the constitution ; all
who should move from their district after regis-
tration would bo so counted ; all who should
remain at. home on the day for voting on ac-
count of sickness, or from business, or for any
other of the many causes which keep men away
from the polls, would be counted against the
constitution, and although there might be in
fact a very clear majority of the qualified voters,
as prescribed by the law to which this is sup-
plementary, in favor of tlie constitution, yet
under the plan of the House as originally
passed here it might be rejected, unless Con-
gress disregarded the act which is now about
to be passed.
Now, the difference betweeen that plan and
the one agreed upon by the committee of con-
ference is very manifest. But if a majority of
this House are in favor of the restoration of the
southern States on any plan whatever, and are
not merely paltering with this question for the
purpose of keeping these southern ^States en-
tirely out of the Union for an indefinite perioS,
it seems to me that the plan now_ proposed is
altogether preferable to that originally passed
by the House, and jt is with this view, and in
regard alone to settling the details of the bill
already agreed upon by the House, that I have
given my consent to the report of the confer-
ence; not that I have yielded any of my oppo-
sition to the plan proposed by the majority of
this House.
Mr. ELDRIDGrE. I move that the report
of the committee of conference be laid on the
table; and on that motion I call for the yeas
and nays.
The SPEAKER. The report if laid on the
table will carry the bill with it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 26, nays 101, not voting
36; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barnes, Boyer, Brooks,
Burr, Eldyidge, Fox, Geta, Glosijbrenner, Haight,
llohuan, Humphrey, Kerr, Marshall, Momssey,
Mungcn, Niblacls, Nicholson, Noell.Pruyn,Randall,
Robinson, Ross, Taber, Van Auken, and Wood—28,
NAYS—Messrs. Allisoa^Ames, Anderson, Delos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks,
Bcaman, Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Bout-well, Broom-
all, Buekland, Eutler, Cake. Churchill, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cor-
nell, Covode, Cullom, Dodgo, Donnelly, Briggs,
Eckley, Eggleston, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry,
Fields, Gravely, Halsey, Hamilton, Hooper, Hopkins,
Asahel \Y. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Hunter,
Ingersoll. Judd, Julian, Kelley, Ketcham, Kitchen,
Koontz, Laflin, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan,
Logan. Loughridgc, Mallory, Marvin, McClurg, Mer-
cur, Miller, Moore, Morrell, Myers, Newcomb,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perliam, Pile, Polsley, Robert-
son, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shanks, Shellabarger,
Spalding, Aaron F. Stevens, Stewart, Taffe, Thomas,
Trowbridge. Twitoholl, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt
Van Horn, Robert X. Van Horn. Van Wyck, Ward,
Cadwalador C.Washburn,HenryD. Washburn, Wel-
ker, Thomas Williams, William Williams, James F.
Wilson, John T.Wilson. Stephen F. Wilson, Windom,
and Woodbridtre—101. . .
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Benjamin, Bromwell,
Chanler, Dawes, Denison, Eliot, Finney, Garfield,
Griswold, Harding, Hayes, Hill, Hulburd, Kelsey,
George V.Lawronce,Lynch,McCarthy,McCullough,
Moorhead, Morgan, Peters, Phelps, Pike, Plants,
Poland, Pomeroy, Price, Raum, Selye, Sitgreaves,
Smith,ThaddousStevens, Stone, Taylor, Van Trump, ,
and William B. Washburn—36.
So the report was not laid on the table.
Tlie question recurred on agreeing to the
report.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report of the committee of
conference was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the report was agreed to ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. PILE, (at five
o'clock and five minutes p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETO,
Tho following petitions. &o„ were presented under
therulo, andreferred to tho appropriate committees:
By Mr. BEAMAN: Tho proceedings of a meeting
of tho citizens of Atlanta, Georgia, and also the
petition of Volney Spalding and 172 others, citizens
of tho State of Georgia, praying that tho branoh
mint at Dalilonega bo transferred to and located, at
Atlanta, and also for uniting with the branch mint
building rooms properly arranged for the United
States court, post ollice, and revenue offices.
By Mr. HALSEY: The memorial of the represent-
atives of Thomas W. Harvey, deceased, for exten-
sion of his patents for manufacturing wood-screws.
By Mr. SPALDING: The petition of Iraneisoo
Bornando'/, of Honduras, for a special act of natural-
izations his behalf.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: The petition of John
Murphy and others, citizons of Washington and the
District of Columbia, praying for a chartcr to certain
persons therein named, for the construction of a rail-
road from Washington to Cincinnati.
1ST SENATE.
Wednesday, March 20, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Ghat, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
a petition of women of Ohio, praying that they
may be allowed the elective franchise; which
was referred to tho Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of
John Haeberle, praying that an American reg-
ister may be granted to the schooner C. W.
Chapin; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce. . ,
Mr. HARLAN presented two memorials of
citizens of the District of Columbia, complain-
ing of the condition of the turnpike road be-
tween Washington and Bladensburg, and pray-
ing that measures be instituted to compel the
proprietors of the road to comply with their
charter; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary. _ _
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of Cla-
rissa Britain, administratrix of tho estate of
Calvin Britain, deceased, praying payment of
a balance due Calvin Britain as agent of the
