1867.
THE OOJWmiSSIONAL GLOBE.
m
that out ministers ore forbidden to appear at
foreign Courts in any other than citizens' dress,
except in cases where they are authorized to
wear the uniform of an American fnilitary offi-
cer according to the rank they have held ill the
Army? Then we should understand it.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the resolution-pro-
vides substantially this very thing. There is
110 difference between the Senator and tnyself
in our desires.
The joint resolution was read the third time,
and passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. It. No.
33) supplementary to an act entitled "An act
to provide for the more efficient government
of the rebel States," passed March 2, 1867, and
to facilitate restoration.
The message further announced that the
House had concurred in the amendment of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 19) to clothe the
maimed and destitute soldiers.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 74) to change a
certain post I'oute in the State of Illinois; in
which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills and joint resolutions; and they
were thereupon signed by the President pro
tempore:
A joint resolution (H. E. No.-17) authorizing
the Secretary of War to turn over certain prop-
erty of the United States at Camp Chase, Ohio,
for the use of the National Asylum for Disa-
bled Volunteer Soldiers, and for other pur-
poses ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 20) to supply
an omission in the enrollment of the act to pro-
vide increased revenue from imported wool,
and for other purposes ;
A bill (H. li. No. 19) to clothe the maimed
and destitute soldiers; and
A bill (H. li. No. 33) supplementary to an
act entitled "An act to provide for the more
efficient go vernmentofthe rebel States," passed
March 2, 1807, and to facilitate restoration.
orlef e. dreutzkr.
Mr. HOWE. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Orlef E.
Dreutzer, praying to be allowed $837 47 in
coin, less the amount of fees received by him
for services rendered as consul of the United
States at Bergen, in Norway, from November
4, 1865, to May 24, 1866, have directed me to
report a bill directing payment of that sum,
and as I presume there can be no objection to
it, the committee having thoroughly investi-
gated the case, I ask for its present consider-
ation.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 89)
for the relief of Orlef E. Dreutzer, late con-
sul of the United States to the kingdom of
Norway, was read three times, and passed.
expenses under reconstruction bill.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 7) providing for the expenses of carrying
into full effect an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the more efficient government of the
rebel States," to report it back without amend-
ment and recommend its passage; and as it is
deemed very important to pass it at once, and
it will take no time, I ask for its present con-
sideration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It proposes to ap-
propriate sufficient money, out of any money
in tlfe Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
defray the expenses of carrying into full effect,
in all its parts an act entitled "An act to
provide for'the' more efficient government of
the rebel States," passed March 2, 1807, with
all itS supplementary acts ; but the amount is
no$ to exceed $500,000.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading-, read the third time, and passed.
bills introduced.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
90) granting lands to each of the several States
for the support of universities for females;
which was read twicp by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 91) to complete the title of the heirs of
Baca; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a_bill (S. No.
92) providing for a change of the time of elect-
ing a mayor and other officers for the city of
Waslfington, District of Columbia ; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. FOWLER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
93) to authorize the retirement of Major Gen-
eral Ethan Allen Hitchcock; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 74) to change a certain
post route i* the State of Illinois was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
atlantic dock "warehouses.
Mr. MORGAN. I reported yesterday morn-
ing from the Committee on Finance a bill
authorizing the sale of the Government ware-
houses on the Atlantic dock, Brooklyn, and I
move that it be now taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 80) to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to sell the Government warehouses on
Atlantic dock, Brooklyn, New York, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in his discretion, to sell the property on
Atlantic dock, Brooklyn, New York,_ being
warehouses numbers fifty-four, fifty-six, and
fifty-eight, now owned by the Government, the
sale to be made at public auction to the high-
est and' best bidder therefor, in ready money,
after giving notice thereof six weeks in succes-
sion in two daily papers printed in the city of
New York.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, requested
the return to the House of the bill (S. No. 60)
to change the name of the steamer Paonshun
choctaw and chickasaw trust funds.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to take up the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 18) for the sale of
certain stock, held intrust for the Choctaw and
Chickasaw Indians. It was laid aside tempo-
rarily the other day at the suggestion of the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton.] I wish
to move an amendment that I think will make
it satisfactory to him, and have it passed.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the joint resolution, the pend-
ing question being on the amendment reported
by the Committee on Indian Affairs, to add to
the resolution the following proviso :
Provided That no such stocks shall be sold, and no
money shall be raid on such claims unless the Sec-
retary of the Interior shall have first examined and
ratitied or approved the awards made by commis-
sioners, as stipulated m the forty-nmth and fifeeth
articles of said treaty :ihat
nothing contained m this act shall b© construed as
reoommeiidinK for his approval any awards r.I ready
made under said treaty.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am unable to understand
the amendment without hearing the resolution
read. I therefore ask that it be read in con-
nection with the amendment.
The Secretary. The resolution, if amended
as proposed, will read as follows:
Be it resolved, <&e„ That to enable the Secretary of
the Interior to pay the claims of certain Choctaw and
Chickasaw Indians, and other loyal persons, as ara
provided for in the forty-ninth and fiftieth articles
of treaty conehided with the Choctaw and Chickasaw
Indians, on the 28th of April, 1866, the said Secretary
of the Interior is hereby authorized to sell such of
the stocks held by the United States in trust for the
benefit of those Indians as he may deem expedient
and proper; but no further sale of said stocks shall
be made than may bo nocessary to pay said claims:
Provided, That no such stocks shall be sold, and no
money shall be paid on such claims, unless the Sec-
retary of the Interior shall have first examined and
ratified or appioved the awards made by commis-
sioners, as stipulated in the forty-ninth and fiftieth
articles of said treaty: And provided further. That
nothing contained in this act shall be construed as
recommending for his approval any awards already
made under said treaty.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the chairman of the
committee to state the circumstances connected
with this case. I am told there is a large amount
involved.
Mr. HENDERSON. I stated the foots the
day before yesterday when the Senator was not
here. I called up the resolution, and some-
thing was said by the Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Morton] about the effect; that it was
very impolitic to pass it, and I thought an im-1
pression was left on the Senate by the remarks
of the Senator that perhaps there was an effort
to get through a measure that was inexpedient
ana improper within itself. I of course did
not stop to explain it at the time, the Senate
was busy. We have now but little time to con-
sider measures of this importance. I really
had no desire about it and no feeling about it;
and when the measure came before the com-
mittee I felt that it ought to be guarded, and
very carefully guarded. I saw the necessity for
the passage of the measure in a certain con-
tingency, and that is the confirmation by the
Secretary of the Interior of the awardB that
have been made under the treaty of 1866, and
over that officer we have no control in the
premises; but in the contingency of his con-
firming the awards, of course there must be
some provision made for their payment.
This case arises from the troubles among
the Choctaws and Chickasaws growing out of
the recent rebellion. There was a division in
the tribes, and the disloyal portion being a
majority drove the loyal Indians out. They
went to Kansas, and their property was con-
fiscated by their government at home, and
their property was otherwise seized upon by
individuals belonging to the tribes. When the
treaty was made in 1806 the forty-ninth article
of it provided that a commission should be
appointed by the President to take an account
of the damages sustained by these loyal In-
dians who had been driven ontfrom among the
Choctaws and Chickasaws. That commission
has been appointed since the ratification of the
treaty, and has reported damages sustained by
these Indians to the amount of somewhere in
the neighborhood of three hundred thousand
dollars. The fiftieth article provides that cer-
tain Indian traders and individuals there men-
tioned by name whose property was seized
should also be indemnified, but the amount
was not to exceed fifty or sixty thousand dol-
lars, I forget which. The commission on that
subject has also estimated the damages, and
that report is now before the Secretary of the
Interior. I will read from the treaty of 1860.
The forty-ninth article is :
"And it is further agreed that a commission, to
consist of a person or persons to bo appointed by the
President of the Usited States, shall be appointed
immediately on the ratification of this treaty, who
shall take into consideration and determine tho
claim of such Choctaws and Chickasaws as^ allcgo
that they have been driven during the late reoelhon
from their homes in the Choctaw and Chickasaw
nations on account of their adhesion to the United
States, for damages, with power to make such award
as may be consistent with equity and good conscience,
taking into view all circumstanccs, whose report.
