220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
ties, personally I happen to know that no such
claim has been recently sift up by these Indians
in any formal way. All they insisted on was
that their former treaties should not be dis-
turbed. They think they are entitled to some-
thing under former treaties. They may bo;
if so, the United States doubtless will pay them.
But that question Was not entered into, nor did
it become a part of the consideration of this
arrangement. It was a voluntary arrangement
on the part of those who were disloyal or rebel
Indians to pay the damages which they had
committed on the loyal portion of the tribe,
and I see no propriety m deferring it for a
year, unless we are to favor the rebel portion
of the tribe rather than those that adhered to
the interests of the United States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This is not a
complicated question, and to my mind the jus-
tice of it toward the Indians for whose relief
it is designed is obvious from a simple state-
ment of the facts.
The object of this rescffSKSon is to relieve the
distress into which a portion of these tribes
have fallen growing out of the difficulties of
the late rebellion. They wereloyal to the Gov-
ernment; their properly was destroyed; and
they were thrown into great distress Of that-
distress at the present time there is no manner
of doubt. It is very great; and I say to the
honorable Senator from Ohio, who raises this
objection, that while we are providing a million
of money to relieve the supposed distresses in
another section of the country, we cannot over-
look tlie real distress into which these poor
people have been plunged. It must be remem-
bered that they are in a community that do not
recognize any claims on them whatever for sup-
port, and tiiey are unlike the people for whom
we appropriated $1,000,000 the other day in
this particular. The necessity, therefore, is
exigent; the demand is imperative that we
should relievo these people in some way.
We undertook—r speak of the Committee
on Indian Affairs—to relieve them at the last
session when the civil appropriation bill was
before the Senate. Wo undertook to put upon
that bill some relief for these people by way of
appropriating a sum of money to be charged
hereafter against these Indians with whom we
had treaty stipulations, and out of which they
claim grows a large indebtedness to them of
some two million three hundred thousand dol-
lars. But, sir, the chairman of the Committee
on Finance met us with the argument, "that
is all unsettled; that is all in the future; that
is doubtful; that is an unsettled claim, and
therefore wo will not honor a draft drawn
against an unsettled claim to be determined in
the future;" and on the whole the argument
seemed to bo so conclusive that at any rate the
claim was not allowed.
Then the Committee on Indian Affairs, hav-
ing the same subject under consideration and
the same object in view, said, "We must re-
lieve these people in another way; these loyal
people have claims on this tribe, and the tribe
are in some sense the creditors of the Govern-
ment ; we have got the means in our hands
if we do not owe them; we are trustees, and
wo can relieve these peojjle; if we will not
relieve them and charge it over against the
debts which they hold due, we have the trust
funds in our hands, and we can relieve them
there, and we ought to do so." Now, my
honorable friend from Ohio says there is an
objection to that. In the first place, I under-
stood him to say that it would violate a treaty
stipulation ; but I suppose he did_ not intend
that. There is no treaty stipulation about it
whatever.
Then how does it violate any principle of
public law ? Let us see. How came we to be
the trustee of these persons ? Growing out of
'former treaties we owed these tribes a certain
sum of money ; a million and a half of money,
if you please. It was our business to pay the
money. Why did we not? Why, sir, dealing
with the Indians as we always have, we said
we will not pay the money to these Indians
because they will spend it; but we will consti-
tute ourselves self-constituted trustees for the
Indians. We made no contract with them;
we simply declined to pay the money over to
them. If we violated any principle of public
law it was in the fact that we did not give them
their dues ; but we arrogated to ourselves that
we were wise and they were foolish, and if we
paid the money to them they would spendit.
It is not necessary for me to refer to the action
in 1857 by those who were in power here at
that time; but if you will look at the trust
fund you will see what disposition was made
of it. This trust fund, instead of being held
sacred for these Indians, was, under the
power of Congress and under the influence of
Congress, put into the hands and turned over
to carry forward certain railroad enterprises
in the southern States. It has been pretty
much sacrificed. I hope when that question
comes up we shall have the magnanimity to say
that as in our wisdom we would not trust the
Indians to take care of their own funds, and as
we invested it in this w.ay, we will make it
good ; but that is not this question.
Now, sir, we hold this money in trust for
these tribes. Does anybody deny that we can
pay a sum of money which may be found due
to the loyal people from those tribes for the
destruction of the property of that loyal por-
tion of the tribes? That is the question, and
that is all the question.
That being the state of the case, we instituted
a commission to ascertain if there ha® been any
destruction of the property of the loyal people,
and if so, to what amount, to the end that it
should be paid by the tribes. The only ques-
tion that there is in controversy is the amount
of that award ; and by the terms of the sub-
mission' it was to be submitted to the final
determination of the Secretary of the Interior.
It awaits that. When the Secretary of the In-
terior passes upon that award, then, by tho
stipulations between the Government and the
tribes, there is so much money as he shall find
due to these Indians who have been proved
loyal during the war, and the resolution is pred-
icated upon the idea that he will find some-
thing due; and in case he does find something
due, then we say he shall have power to sell
of so much of tho funds which came into our
hands as money, and which was by us arbi-
trarily put into those funds, not exceeding
$300,000, as shall meet the sum which he thus
finds due.
To repeat, I submit that, in the first place,
the exigencies of these people demand this
relief. I submit, in the second place, that the
way for their relief has been agreed upon be-
tween tho Government and the tribes. It only
awaits to make the payment. The money is in
our hands; and wo violate no principles of
comity, no treaty stipulations, no principles of
public law whatever. It will turn oat as the
honorable Senator from Nevada suggested
undoubtedly, that if we take so much of this
money and appropriate it to the payment of
these Indians, and in the future it should be
found that we owed it to these people and
ought to have paid it to them instead of appro-
priating this fund in this way, we shall have to
make it good; but not otherwise. I therefore
submit that there is no difficulty about this case.
Mr. MORTON. The objection that I took
to this resolution the other day has been ob-
viated by the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Kansas, in excepting from sale the
Indiana stocks. The principle involved in the
resolution that the disloyal shall pay for the
losses suffered by the loyal is right in itself;
but I simply want to call the attention of the
Senate to the fact that we are prescribing for
the disloyal Indians a rule that we are not will-
ing to apply to disloyal whites in the South.
We have required the disloyal Indians by treaty
to indemnify the loyal Indians for their losses
of property; but we do not require the dis-
loyal whites of the rebel States to indemnify
the loyal whites for the loss of their property.
The equity is quite as strong in favor of the
loyal whites of the South, who have lost every-
thing and been driven from their homes, as it
is in favor of the loyal Indians who have lost
everything and been driven from their homes.
I do not say that this is an argument why this
resolution should not pass. I simply remark
that we are willing to apply a rule to feeble
and helpless Indians that we are not willing to
apply to arrogant rebels in the rebel States.
Mr. JOHNSON. If these Indians are, in
consequence of their adherence to their obli-
gation to the Government, in a state of suffer-
ing, almost in a state of starvation. I think it
is our clear duty to provide for them. The
only question with me is, whether the provis-
ion which we are asked to make is a proper
one. If I understand the treaty which was
made in 1866, it went, in relation to this sub-
ject, upon the hypothesis that there was, or
would be when the award should be made in
pursuance of it, money in the hands of the
Government adequate to meet what might be
found to be tlie extent of the damages which
these loyal Indians had sustained. At that
time and now, as we understand from the
committee to whom the subject has been re-
ferred—and the former Secretary of the Inte-
rior who now honors us by his presence will
set me right if I am wrong—there was a very
large claim made by the Choctaws and other
Indians whose property we are now about to
take, against the United States, amounting, I
believe, in the aggregate to some two million
dollars. L.. understand the honorable mem-
ber from Maine to say that he believes that
that claim is due either in whole or in part;
certainly due to an extent that would be suf;
ficient to meet any demands which the loyal
Indians may succeed in making good before
the Secretary of the Interior.
Now, I can very well imagine, and such I
understand is the statement of the Indians,
that when they agreed to that provision of the
treaty which is involved in this debate they
supposed that the amount which they might be
found to owe would be discharged out of the
debt due by the United States to them. At
that time, as now, the United States held in
trust for the Indians bonds of the several
States which they had purchased with the
moneys that came into their possession belong-
ing to the Indians. It was thought better for
the Indians, to whom those moneys were then
due, that the United States should invest the
amount in stocks to be selected by themselves,
and they selected the stocks of several of the
States and stocks in some of the railroads.
But that was made as an investment, and it
was made under the belief that it would result
in giving to the Indians more than the actual
amount of the par value of the stocks. It was
supposed that it would be a good speculation
for them; and the United States, in the dis-
charge of their duty as faithful trustees, wish-
ing that the money which they owed to the
Indians should be profitable to them instead
of lying in the Treasury where no interest was
accruing upon it, invested it in stocks which
they expected to appreciate; and they were in
process of appreciation.
My friend from Kansas has removed one of
the objections to the resolution upon your
table which struck me-as fatal to it, mentioned
by the honorable member from Indiana and by
the honorable member from Ohio, in provid-
ing that the stocks so held shall not be sold
by the Secretary of the Interior unless they
bring par; but does that protect the Indians ?
These stocks were worth a great deal more
than par, have been worth more than par since
the investment was made, and they will be, it
is to be hoped, worth a great deal more than
par in the future. Now, one of two thing3
will be the result if you sell their stocks at par:
that the Indians will be deprived of the very
benefit which it was the purpose of the invest-
ment to secure, or that the United States will
feel themselves bound, as I think they will be,
to make good the difference between the par
value of the stock, if we sell it at par, and its
appreciated value in the future.
My idea is, that we have no right to specu-
late upon the property of these Indians. If
