1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®
223
Mr. HENDERSON. Why did yon not ob-
ject then ?-
Mr. STEWART. I did, and called for the
yeas and nays, and Senators were very angry
with me for so doing. I should like to see an
end of these stale obligations that come up in
this form. I am utterly opposed to making
any appropriation, if we are bound to make
any appropriation at all, until we know that
that appropriation will be a final one. Now,
the law that has been read appropriating
$500,000, which, as the Senator from Maine
states, it was supposed would settle the whole
matter, is presented here as an indorsement
for_ further appropriations. If we keep on
legislating in that way the claims will continue
and increase-as time advances.
Mr. _ MORRILL, of Maine. I think the
proposition of the Senator from Nevada would
be regarded as an extraordinary proposition
made by any civilized people to any civilized
community; and I think it would be a savage
proposition if it was made to savages. I am
not surprised that it is made, because from the
little knowledge I have of the history of our
conduct with the Indians I think it is just
about on a par with the morals and the good
faith and the equity that we observe toward
the Indians. Here is a proposition to carry
out the judgment of a commission entered
into by the Government of the United States
with an independent nation. That is the way
we stand toward the Indians and the world.
It has been adjudicated and only awaits now
the approval of one of the high functionaries
of the Government of the United States to
say how much is due; and the Senate are con-
sidering the propriety of paying what shall be
found due according to the stipulations of the
high contracting parties; and the Senator from
Nevada thinks it comports with the dignity of
the Government and equity, and good con-
science to say that if we pay that sum it shall
be in full of all demands, without knowing what
those demands are, or caringto know apparently.
Now, sir, these tribes, these independent
nations with whom we make treaties solemnly
here, say we owe them $2,300,000; and com-
mittees of this body who have investigated it
think that is true; and the commission ap-
pointed by the Government have found so much
due; and yet the Senator from Nevada rises
here and says, " If you seek to carry out the
commission instituted by this Government, and
which now awaits execution by an appropria-
tion of $300,000.1 insist upon it that that shall
be in full of all demands." If I had any rea-
son to suppose that the honorable Senator knew
anything about the claim, whether it was due
or undue, whether, in other words, it was not
an entire sham, I could understand how he
could make such a proposition as that; but
when the records of the Senate for the last two
or three years discloses the fact, and within a
month past a discussion on this floor has shown
that committees of this body have reported some
two millions or more due these Indians, 1 cannot
understand how a Senator can rise here and
propose to make the payment and enforcement
of a stipulation which we have openly entered
into a condition that it shall absolve us from
all obligations to the payment of debts we may
owe these Indians.
I hear it said, "it is best to vote this down,
and then vote down the resolution." Well, I
think that is manly compared with any attempt
to evade it.^ Jf the Senate of the UnitedStates
are not sufficiently informed on this subject to
vote intelligently on the resolution they ought
to vote it down or postpone it to a day when
we can have a full consideration of it. I do
not object to that. If Senators are not well
informed on the subject they ought to do it;
but to undertake to give it a side blow, to un-
dertake to put upon it an amendment which
ignores your obligations and breaks your faith
with parties wiih whom you solemnly contract
by treaty stipulations, I object to.
Mr. STEWART. It appears that the Sen-
ator from Maine thinks this is a savage propo-
sition. I suppose we are dealing with savages,
and I-suppose there are a great many savages
between us and the Indians that we ought to
deal with more savagely than we do. I sup-
pose we are dealing indirectly with savages;
but I do not think we are savage enough to the
middlemen who are generally connected with
these transactions.
These Indians went to war with the United
States. They had an old, stale claim that
Congress had not paid, some forty years old.
They forfeited all their claims upon the gener-
osity of Congress ; they forfeited all their legal
claims; they became rebels. The rebellion cost
the Government of the United States a very
large amount of money. After that, we find a
treaty passed through here which revives these
stale claims that are uninvestigated, which was
wrong to begin with, which we should not
have passed; and now we are asked to make
an appropriation on account, before there is
investigation and before the Senate has any
information as to how much is to be paid
under this treaty, which I claim should not
have passed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My friend will
allow me to say that he is arguing all out of
the facts. We do not ask any such thing.
The resolution has no reference whatever to
the claims unascertained. We simply say that
when the Secretary shall determine that any
particular sum is due under the stipulations
into which the Government of the United
States entered with these tribes he sMl pay,
out of the funds in his hands, the amounts so
found due. That is all there is of it.
Mr. STEWART. Then, as I understand it,
these claims that fall due under this particular
provision of the treaty, which Congress has
failed to make an appropriation for, which are
questioned entirely, without the report of the
Secretary before us, without knowing whether
we shall ever be called upon to appropriate a
cent, we are called upon to enforce in advance
before we have them before us.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to ask the Senator
if he is now discussing the merits of the origi-
nal proposition as reported by the Committee
on Indian Affairs, or the amendment as pro-
posed by the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. HENDERSON. Neither one.
Mr. STEWART. You make an appropria-
tion by the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin of this amount of money, do you
not?
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will allow
me, the original proposition is not to appro-
priate from the Treasury a single dollar.
Mr. STEWART. I know; and I am not
discussing the original proposition.
Mr. HARLAN. In the adjustment between
the rebel portion and the loyal portion of these
Indians the rebel portion agree to pay the
loyal portion the value of the property which
they destroyed when they drove the loyal In-
dians North, and to pay it out of the moneys
in the hands of the United States belonging to
these rebel Indians.
Mr. STEWART. I understand that treaty
perfectly. It was this: the United States very
graciously and very generously revived these
old claims that should have been repudiated
at once after these Indians rebelled; but said
at the same time, "We will punish you severely;
we will give you money that does not belong
to you, that you have no title to, but we will
come down on you, and make you give it to
the other Indians."
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator is mis-
taken. In the treaty of 1866 there was not a
dollar given to the Indians at all.
Mr. STEWART. There was a claim re-
vived.
Mr. HENDERSON. Not at all. There
was no claim revived even. The Senator is
mistaken.
Mr. STEWART. I am not mistaken. You
say in that treaty of 1866 that they shall ha-ve
all that is due them under former treaties. You
revive their claims. The language is:
" TheUnited States reaffirms all obligations arising
out of treaty stipulations or acts of legislation with
regard to the Choctaw and Chickasaw nations, en-
tered into prior to the late rebellion, and in force at
that time, not inconsistent herewith; and theUnited'
States further- agrees to renew the payment of all
annuities," &c.
Now, it was admitted that these treaty stipu-
lations had been broken by the Choctaw and
Chickasaw nations. There was no obligation
on the part of the Government in regard to
those claims. They were old claims, forty
years old. The Indians had rebelled, broken
their treaty stipulations. There was no. obli-
gation in the world on us; but these claims are
to be revived.
Mr. HARLAN. I am sure the Senator from
Nevada desires to know what the facts were,
and would not intentionally misrepresent them.
On that point, the facts are these : Congress
passed a law authorizing the President of the
United States to declare void treaties previously
made between these Indians and the United
States; but in point of fact this declaration on
the part of the President had never been made,
and when the war terminated, therefore, it left
these treaties in full force on account of the act
of Congress itself and the refusal of the Presi-
dent of the United States to make any such
declaration. The new treaty that was made
jnerely obligated the Indians to sanction the
payment of the interest that had accrued on
their bonds during the whole period of tho war
to the refugee portions of these tribes. The
negotiators did not deem, under the law as it
then existed, that they had authority to declare
those treaties void, because Congress had pro-
vided that the President might do so if he
thought proper, and he never did so.
Mr. STEWART. But this treaty, so far
from declaring these former obligations void,
renews them ; and before any appropriation is
made upon that. I want to see what the extent
of those obligations is. It seems to me before
any appropriation is made on account of former
obligations we should ascertain the extent of
those obligations and have a final settlement.
I think we made a great mistake in renewing
the obligations which the Indians had broken;
we ought never to have recognized these old,
stale, questionable claims of the Indians. 1
say we made a great mistake in renewing them,
and before we legislate further I want to fully
understand the subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. Since the Senator from
Wisconsin has brought this matter again before
the Senate, at a period when certainly there
ought to be no action upon it, I feel it my duty,
as I was connected with the subject in the
House of Representatives seven years ago, to
call the attention of the Senate to its history.
Now, I state that the Senate of the United
States never recognized or approved what he
calls the award of §2,300,000 ; that this award,
as he calls it, was an estimate made in 1847.
The subject was again brought before the Sen-
ate of the United States by Mr. Sebastian, of
Arkansas, in 1859 and 1860 and 1861. I have
looked up the Journal of the Senate, and will
now show the history of this proposition.
On the 2d of February, 1861, Mr. Sebastian,
from the Committee on Indian Affairs, moved
an amendment to the Indian appropriation bill,
in which he recognized this claim, asserting it
to be $1,202,560 85, setting out the provisions
and the terms of the claim. This was debated
in the Senate and it was rejected by a vote of
17 yeas to 27 nays. I see that my friend from
Maine took a part in the debate and offered an
amendment. After debate, the proposition was
rejected by the Senate. However, a motion was
made a few days afterward, the bill still being
pending in the Senate, to reconsider that vote,
and it was reconsidered by a vote of 29 j'eas to
15 nays. Then the proposition was amended,
and Mr. Sebastian reduced the claim from
$2,300,000 to $1,202,5GO 85, and that was
said to be " the undisputed balance" due. He
fell more than a million dollars in what he
said was the undisputed balancc. A long de-
bate occurred in the Senate as to whether that
amount was due, and the amendment contain-
ing the reduced appropriation was finally car-
ried by avoteof yeas21,nays 20; onemajority.
