226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
report at an early day as to the prima facie
right to the seat. The committee having ex-
amined the papers, recommend the adoption
of the following resolution :
Resolved, That the papers and evidence relating to
the right of A. C. Hunt and George M. Chilcott to a
seat in the Fortieth Congress as a Delegate from the
Territory of Colorado bo referred to the Committee
of 131cet ons, with instructions to report which, if
cither, of said claimants is entitled thereto; and that
the committee have power to require the service of
such notices, and grant such time for taking further
evidence, as they may deem proper.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
resolution reported by the minority of the com-
mittee.
The Clerk read the following resolution, rec-
ommended by the minority of the committee:
Resolved, That A. C. Hunt, Esq.. is prima facie en-
titled to the scat in this House as Delegate- from the
Territory of Colorado, pending the contcst of his
right to the same by George M. Chilcott, Esq.
Mr. COOK. 1 ask leave to offer as a sub-
stitute the following resolution agreed upon by
my colleague on the committee [Mr. Upson]
and myself:
Reiohed, That George M. Chilcott is prima facie
entMed totho seat in this House as Delegate from
the Territory of Colorado pending the contest ot his
right to the samo by A. C. Hunt, .Esq.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I offer the follow-
ing amendment to the resolution reported by
the majority of the committee, to come in at
the end:
And pending the action of tho committee and the
JIouso thereon, George M. Chilcott bo sworn in as
the sitting Dolegate from tho Territory of Colorado.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, it will bo
observed by the resolution reported by the
majority of the Committee of Blections they
ask that the whole case be referred to them,
with permission to examine the facts and re-
port upon the merits of the case. It appeared
by the papers which the House referred to the
committee that an election was held 011 the 7t.h
of August last, and the returns from the sev-
eral counties were filed according to hnv with
the secretary of the Territory. The election
laws of the Territory provide that—
" The secretary of tho Territory, auditor, treasurer,
or .my two nftheui, ill tho presence of tho Governor,
shall proceed" ' " ' " to canvas 1 he
votes given for all territorial ofticeis, and the Oov-
ernor shall give a certihcateof election to the person
having tho highest number of votes lor each otlice."
It appears by tlie papers sent to the commit-
tee by the House that on the 5th of September
following the election the board of canvassers
met in tho presence of tho Governor and can-
vassed the votes. The statement of the result
is given in the report of the board of canvass-
ers, signed by Frank Hall, secretary of the Ter-
ritory, and liichard E. Whitsift, auditor of (he
Territory. They report that they found, on
counting the votes taken in the presence of the
Governor, that George M. Qiileott had ;3,52'J
votes and A. C. Hunt 3,4"J1 votes, giving Chil-
cott a majority of 10S. It appears, however,
by the papers sent to the committee that wo
could go 110 fm th or than the fact that the Gov-
ernor, notwithstandingthe board of canvassers
ascertained that Chilcott had 108 majority,
gave the certificate, not as the law requires, to
the person having the highest number of votes,
but to the person having the least number of
votes, aside froth the scattering.
It was alleged by the counsel for Mr. Chil-
cott that the committee were not bound by the
certificates of the Governor, because it was nut
in fomi. They allege that, inasmuch as the law
requires that he should give the certificate up*)n
the finding of the board of canvassers to the
person having the highest number of votes, he
should allege that fact in the certificate to show
that he was authorized to give it, and inasmuch
as the certificate only referred to an election
and omitted all allusion to the canvass and tile
certificate of the canvassers, simply conclud-
ing with the words " duly elected," the certifi-
cate was insufficient, and the committee ought
to report that Mr. Hunt was not entitled prima
facie to the seat. The majority of the com-
mittee could not agree altogether in the views
of the. counsel for Chilcott.
But while the case was being argued, Mr.
Hunt introduced Governor Cumining himself',
who gave the certificate, as his counsel, or his
friend to argue the case. The Governor un-
dertook to explain to the committee why no
allusion was made in his certificate to the count
of the canvassers. He informed us that he
considered himself one of the board; that when
the secretary and auditor agreed to this, the
treasurer not agreeing to it, he counted him-
self one of the board and united with the treas-
urer which made a tie of the board, having no
legal canvass, and therefore he was at liberty
to make the certificate upon the facts as he
understood them. In corroboration of the
statement of Governor Cumming to the com-
mittee was the certificate of these canvassers,
certified to us under the seal of the Territory,
reciting that they did have a canvass in the
presence of the Governor on the 5th of Sep-
tember, and found that Mr. Chilcott had re-
ceived a majority of 108 votes.
But inasmuch as the House had sent this
certificate'to them with the other certificate,
and it was therefore included in the resolution
which required us to report who was prima
facie entitled to tho seat; and inasmuch as the
Governor who made the certificate came be-
fore us voluntarily and stated that it was in
violation of the report of the canvassers, and
therefore made in violation of the law, the
majority of the committee did not feel author-
ized to say that they were concluded by that
certificate, informal as some of us believed it
to be, and in conflict with the other facts pre-
sented to them.
The question then came up as to whether
Mr. Chilcott was entitled to a seat on these
papers. When we came to examine his certifi-
cate we found that it was given in the month
of February last, by Frank Hall, the secretary
and acting Governor of the Territory of Colo-
rado. I suppose the members of the last
House who are now members of this House
are aware that Governor Gumming was in
Washington about that time; and that while
he was absent from the Territory, according to
(he laws of the IJniied States and of the Ter-
ritoiy. tho secretary of tho Territory becomes
the acting Governor, and as such is entitled to
perfoi m all the duties of Governor for the time
being. Now, in the absence of Governor Cum-
ming, the secretary of tho Territory, Mr. Hall,
took the report of tho board of convassers on
file 111 his ollice, and as acting Governor made
a certificate, under the seal of the Territory
that Mr. Chilcott, having a majority of 108
votes, was entitled to a seat in this House as
Delegate from Colorado.
Now, the majority of the committee were of
opinion that the power of giving a certificate
having been once exercised by Governor Cum-
ming, however wrongfully, whether in viola-
tion of the report of the board of canvassers
and the laws of the Territory or not, then it
could not be again exercised by some gentle-
man or other who might happen to be acting
as Governor after that time. Therefore they
came to the conclusion that from the papers
before them neither of the gentlemen was
prima facie, entitled to a seat as Delegate from
that Teriitory. They therefore report the res-
olution which has been read by the Clerk, ask-
ing that the House shall refer the whole case
to them, and that (hey be authorized to exam-
ine, as in other contested-election cases, and
determine which one of these claimants, if
either, was duly elected.
Now. I suppose it would be proper for me
to say that the resolution reported by the com-
mittee, as it now stands all connected together,
would not perhaps receive the sanction of a
majority of the members of the committee.
But that sanction was made up, as I may say,
by piecemeal. When the question was sub-
mitted to the vote of the committee whether
Mr. Chilcott was prima facie, entitled to a seat
in this House as Delegate from the Territory
of Colorado, there was a majority of the com-
mittee who held that he was not so entitled,
and a minority who held that he was. And
when the question was submitted whether Mr.
Hunt vf&iprima facie entitled to the seat there
was a majority who held that he was not, and
a minority who held that he was so entitled.
And had a resolution been submitted to the
committee that neither of these gentlemen was
entitled to the seats I suppose there would
have been a majority opposed to that resolu-
tion. I have thought it proper to state this
fact in exoneration of those members of the
committee who appear to have concurred in
the resolution of the committee, but who I see,
by the motion of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Cook,] do not propose to sustain the reso-
lution before this House.
Mr. PAINE. Will thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Scofiei.d] yield to me for an in-
quiry ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. PAINE. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania two questions. It
seems that a minority of the committee, in-
cluding three of its members, have made a
report in this case in favor of Mr. Hunt.
Another minority of the committee, compris-
ing two of its members, have made a report
in favor of Mr. Chilcott. Now, added together,
they comprise five members, ok, a majority of
the committee. And yet we have before us
another report from the same committee, which
purports to come from a majority of the com-
mittee, that neither of the claimants is prima
facie entitled to the seat, which, however, can
have been approved by but four members of
the committee. Now, I ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania how that report can come
before us as the report of the majority of the
committee, when a majority of the same com-
mittee have agreed to report that one or the
other of these claimants is entitled to the seat?
Mr. COOK. With the consent of tho gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofiei.d,] I
will reply to the question of tlie gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine.] Two of us 011
the committee were willing to concur in the
report of the committee, but assented to it
with the reservation that if an effort should be
made by a minority of the committee to give
the seat to Mr. Hunt one of us would move
to amend the resolution of the minority as
has been moved this morning. We deemed
that no particular harm could arise from the
adoption of the report of the committee, but
we believed that great wrong would result if
the report of the minority should prevail.
Mr. PAINE. One more question, if thegen-
tleman from Pennsylvania will permit. If I
have correctly understood his statement, the
.evidence which was referred to the committee
by the House, which accompanied the resolu-
tion requiring them to determine who had the
prima facie right to the seat, showed that Mr.
Chilcott received a majority of the votes at
that election ; that the lawfully-organized board
of canvassers so decided in the presence of tho
Governor. Am I right in this?
Mr. SCOFIELD. Yes, sir.
Mr. PAINE. Then I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania why, in view of
that state of facts, the committee did not find
that Mr. Chilcott, was prima facie entitled to
the seat?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I am not authorized, I
suppose, to state tho reasons which influenced
other gentlemen in casting their votes. For
myself I can say that, when we had agreed that
the certificate given by the Governor was viti-
ated by the statement made to the committee
by the Governor himself, and by the report of
the board of canvassers, I did riot feel war-
ranted iu falling back upon the next prima
facie paper. I preferred that we should get
authority from the House to examine the mer-
its of the whole ease. I presume—though we
had no explanation on that point before the
committee—there is an allegation that, although
the returns from the several counties showed
that Mr. Chilcott had one hundred and eight
majority, that majority is made up in some
degree of votes which were illegal. I presume,
though I do not know, that this is the allega-
tion; an4 therefore we preferred to hear the
