1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
22-7
•whole case before determining upon it any
further.
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman permit
me to make one further remark ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. Certainly. '
Mr. PAINE. When I voted to refer this
case to the Committee of Elections to deter-
mine who had the prima facie right to a seat
here, I meant to have the committee, so far as
my vote could authorize it, examine all the
evidence referred to them in this case, and I
meant to have them decide, upon such on
examination of the evidence, who is prima
facie entitled to a seat here in the absenceof
any other proof contradicting or supporting
■ the allegations of the respective claimants.
But it seems from the gentleman's statement
here that the committee have not taken this as
the rule by which they were bound in deter-
mining who is entitled prima facie to a seat
here. Instead of regarding themselves _ as
obliged to look into all the evidence before
them, and decide upon that evidence in the
absence of other contradictory or substantiat-
ing proof, who was entitled to a seat, they
have, it seems—and I ask the gentleman
whether such is the fact—undertaken to find
somewhere in the evidence some one single
document which would in itself entitle one of
the claimants to the scat, although contra-
dicted by the other evidence in the case.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to inquire of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania whether the
committee had any evidence, any legal testi-
mony before them, aside from the certificates,
and if so, what was it?
Mr. SCOFIELD. We had four papers re-
ferred to us by the House. The first was a
certificate of Governor Gumming in favor of
Mr. Hunt ; the second was the certificate of
the secretary, Frank Hall, acting as Governor,
in favor of Mr. Chilcott; the third was a cer-
tificate of the board of canvassers, stating the
number of votes given for each candidate; and
the fourth was a proclamation of Governor
Cumming, stating what he had done. Those,
I believe, were all the papers referred to us by
the House; they are at least all I recollect.
The only thing in addition to those which in-
fluenced the committee was a statement made
by Governor Gumming when arguing the case
for Mr. Hunt; which statement I have already
detailed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania whether there is any law to
authorize the board of canvassers to make a
certificate ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will refer to the law.
The election laws of the Territory provide that—
"The secretary of the Territory, auditor, treasurer,
or any two of them, in tho presence of the Governor,
shnll proceed" ** * * canv&ssthe
voles given for all territorial officers, and the Gov-
ernor shall give a certificate of election to the Person
having the highest number of votes for each omce.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does that law au-
thorize the board of canvassers to makea cer-
tificate which upon its face would be^ evidence
before the committeeor any court? Ihesemen
are to proceed to count the votes in the pres-
ence of the Governor, and the Governor is to
give a certificate of election. Is there any law
authorizing or requiring these men to make
any certificate of their canvass, or would such
certificate be any evidence unless sworn to ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have read to the gen-
tleman all the law I know on the subject. Per-
haps it would bo thought by many gentlemen
that the law imposing the duty to canvass the
votes for a Delegate to represent the vast in-
terests of a young Territory would imply that
they should make some kind of record of the
conclusion to which they came; that it should
not be carried around in their memory or to
be given in parole, to be forgotten as soon as
the breath cooled with which it was uttered.
That is to be determined by each gentleman
for himself. I understand the word "can-
vass" to mean to examine as well as to count.
I suppose, without having looked at the defi-
nition of the word, it authorized these men to
scrutinize the returns and to see whether they
were right; I mean the returns from the sev-
eral counties. They added up the votes and
announced to the Governor the conclusion to
which they came, and thereupon the Governor
should give the certificate to the person having
the highest number of votes. That is the opin-
ion I have of it.
I am not here to advocate the right of Mr.
Chilcott to a seat sjs a Delegate or Mr. Hunt.
I stand by the position of the committee which
I represent here: that is to authorize the com-
mittee to examine all of the facts, to go back
of the board of canvassers, and to report which
one of these gentlemen was duly elected by
having the highest number of legal votes. I
now yield to the minority of the committee.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, I had not in-
tended to occupy a moment in reference to the
reports of the committee from the majority and
minority on this contested-election case. Hav-
ing been unable to agree to the report of the
majority, and having signed the report of the
minority, it is perhaps due to the person inter-
ested, the* person claiming the seat as a Dele-
gate here, and whom the minority of the com-
mittee report is prima facie entitled to a seat
—it is, perhaps, due to him that I should say a
word concerning this case and the report of the
majority of the committee.
This matter, sir, was referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections with directions to make
a report which of these parties was prima facie
entitled to a seat upon this floor. What, Mr.
Speaker, is the fair meaning of that direction?
What were the committee bound to understand
they were set to do by this resolution of the
House? I understand the law in reference to
the meaning of this term "prima facie entitled
to a seat" to be which of these parties presents
regular credentials. If neither of them has
regular or formal credentials according to the
law, then neither of them is entitled prima
facie to a seat. If one has credentials which
according to the law are regular and formal
upon their face and the other has not, then the
one who has received the formal credentials is
the one entitled to a seat; and the committee
under this resolution thought it had no right to
go behind the papers themselves to hear any
evidence, that it had no right to hear any testi-
mony in regard to what the facts were in rela-
tion to who had the majority of votes or who
had not.
Mr. Hunt, who claimed to be entitled to a
seat on this floor as Delegate for the Territory
of Colorado, presented credentials that were
signed by the Governor of that Territory. By
the organic law of Congress establishing that
Territory, and also by the law of the Territory
itself, the'Governor is made the certifying offi-
cer of the election of Delegates, and no other
officer has any right, power, or authority to
give a certificate.
Now, the first question would be, whether
the certificate of tho Governor itself is suffi-
cient, whether it is formal, whether the legal
value of that paper upon its face entitles it to
be termed credentials. The objection to it was
that he did not in terms say that Mr. Hunt,
to whom he gave the certificate, had a major-
ity of the votes ; but he did say that he was
duly elected ; and that, in my judgment, is
equivalent to saying fhat he had a majority of
the votes cast. If lie had not he could not
be duly electcd; and as I understand it, this
is the approved form in which credentials ot_
i members of Congress from all the States ot
| the Union have uniformly or generally been
! sent here.
'.1 But I need not stop to make any argument
!! upon that point, because upon that the majority
W of the committee were agreed, lhe majority
|| have reported that neither of the claimants is
entitled prima facie to a seat. Chey say that
the certificate which was given to Mr. Hunt is
sufficiently legal and formal upon its face.
How happens it, then, that the conclusion ot the
majority of the committee has been arrived
at? Why, they say that Mr. Hunt, not eon-
teat to rest his claim upon the strength ot that
paper itself, "introduced Governor Cumming
in its support." Now, although that may in
one sense be true, yet in substance it is not
true. The fair meaning of the language used
by the committee upon this subject is that he
was introduced as a witness, was introduced
to testify to something, or to say something in
support of that certificate which the certificate
itself does not contain. That is not true in
point of fact. Governor Cumming came be-
fore us declaring that he appeared simply and
solely as counsel to argue tlie question of law
presented on the face of these credentials in
favor, of Mr. Hunt, to whom he had given the
certificate. Therefore it is not true, as the fair
meaning of the language, that Governor Cum-
ming was introduced to give information to
the committee which was not conveyed to them -
by the papers themselves. He appeared before
us as any lawyer would come with his client to
argue the question presented upon the lace of
the papers, which was the only question that
we had to decide.
In the course of his argument questions
were put to him by members of the committee
in relation to what the facts were. Now, Mr.
Speaker, in my judgment we had no right t<*
put any such question if we had called Gov-
ernor Cumming upon the stand as a witness
and had him sworn as such under the resolu-
tion of the House, for we had no right to hear
a word of testimony from him or anybody else.
We were confined by the resolution undgr
which this case was submitted to us by the
House, to these papers, and these alone ; and
when the committee go aside from them and
say they undertook to decide this question
upon what Governor Cumming said, it is an
entire departure from their duty under the res-
olution under which they were acting.
There is an unfortunate difference of opinion,
as well as a difference of recollection, between
themembersof the committee in relation to what
Governor Cumming did say. My own recol-
lection is that he did not say any such thing as
the majority of the committee say he did ; but
inasmuch as we differ in relation to that, and
the recollection of the majority of the com-
mittee is different from mine, I wdlnotattenipt
to say which of us is right in reference to that.
The point is, no matter what Governor Cum-
ming said, we had no righL to hear him say
anything on the subject except what he chose
to say in his argument as an opinion in re-
lation to the letter. It was sufficient for us to
say who had the paper evidence, who had what
the law required as credentials to entitle him to
the seat as Delegate. It cannot be pretended
that anybody but Mr. Hunt had any credentials
at all. Nothing can be found, either m the
organic law or in the laws of the lerritory itself,
giving to anybody but the Governor the right
to sign the certificate. Neither the secretary
nor the treasurer nor the auditor who were
authorized to aid in counting the votes were
I entitled to give credentials. Now, the only
' person entitled by any law to certify the election
! to us is the Governor of the Territory himself.
! Well, it is said that this Mr. Hall undertook
• to make a certificate as acting Governor of the
i Territory. Sir, what does the law mean when
it says, "The Governor shall certify? ' It
means the Governor for the time being. It
does not mean the Governor for last year or
the Governor for the next year, but the Gov-
ernor at the time of the transaction, the current
Governor if I may use the expression.
"it seems to me, therefore, that under the
resolution of the House sending this case to us,
merely for us to determine upon the face ot the.
1 papers sent to us who had th e prima facie title
\ to the seat, the very fact that is reported by th-1
! majority of the committee, that Mr. Hunt had
1 a certificate from the Governor which was legal
i and sufficient upon its face, is an end of this
' preliminary inquiry. I agree that it is not m
1 a legal sense conclusive; that we may go behmu
that certificate for proof when the case comes
to be heard before the committee upon its
merits. We can then take other testimony;
and this paper presented by Mr. Chilcott as his
credentials may perhaps be regarded as proper
