1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229
ing need appear except the statement, "Sir,
you are elected a Delegate." By this con-
struction the law of the Territory 'is set aside
and rendered nugatory. How does it protect
the rights of the people, how does it furnish
evidence to the man really elected, if indeed
the Governor may disregard the finding of the
board of canvassers, or if his certificate need
show nothing in relation to it ?
The second question is, does this certificate
show the law has been complied with? If it
be admitted that the certificate ought to show
existence of facts necessary to entitle the holder
to a'seat in this House according to law, then
does this certificate show that the law has been
complied with. Here is the law:
" Sec. 36. The secretary of the Territory, auditor,
treasurer, or any two of them, in the presence of the
Governor, shall proceed within fifty days after the
election, and sooner if ail the returns be received, to
canvass the votes given for all territorial officers,
and the Governor shall give n, certificate of election
to the persons having the highest number of votes
for each office. In caso there shall bo no choice, by
reason of any two or more persons having an equal
number of votes for the same office, the Governor
shall call a special election in the manner provided
in this act." ^
What does that mean ? It means the Gov-
ernor shall give a certificate to the man who
has been found by the board of canvassers to
have the highest number of votes. That is
exactly what it means. No man will contend
that it means anything else. This certificate,
in order to show a compliance with the law,
must show that it is given to the man found by
the board of canvassers to have the highest
number of votes.' But it does not show any-
thing of the sort. It shows, taken together
with the admission before us, which must be
considered as a part of this case, that it was
given to a man who had the minority of the
votes. It therefore does not comply with the
law, and it is not prima facie evidence of a
right to a seat in this House.
It is said that the "current" Governor, to
use the expression of the gentleman from Ver-
mont, must give the certificate. Suppose the
Governor dies the next day after the election,
will it be contended that no certificate can be
given by his legal successor? I take it that
position would not be assumed.
Mr. BLAINE. Suppose he gave it before
he died.
Mr. COOK. I will come to that. The prop-
osition I am discussing is whether a certificate
must be given by the man whom my colleague
on the committee calls the "current" Gover-
nor, and the answer must be if the Governor
has not given the certificate required by law
his successor may do it. But the question is
put to me: suppose the power is exhausted.
That is a pertinent question. If the power is
exhausted, then I grant it cannot be exercised
by any subsequent Governor. But what ex-
hausts the power? Giving a certificate which
is prima fade evidence of a right to a seat
exhausts the power. The power is not ex-
hausted by giving to a man something which
is no certificate of election. I submit to my
friend from Maine, [Mr. Blaixe,] who pro-
pounded Ithe question to me, that if this Gov-
ernor had certified some scrap of poetry, for
instance that which was sent to us by the late
Commissioner of Public Buildings, it would not
have exhausted the power to give a certificate,
nor would it have prevented his successor from
giving one.
Did Governor Gumming exhaust the power?
Did he ever give a legal or valid certificate
of election? If he did not. he did not ex-
haust the power. I hold that he did not, con-
sequently a second certificate of election given
by the secretary of the Territory in due form
of law certifying that the votes had been can-
vassed, and by the board of canvassers it was
determined that one man had received so many
votes and the other so many, and that the ma-
jority in favor of Chilcott was one hundred
and eight, is prima facie evidence of the right
of Mr. Chilcott to a seat.
I do not well see how it can be that when
one certificate is positively good beyond all
doubt we can say that neither has a prima
facie right to a seat in this House. If the first
certificate is legal, it gives the holder the right
to the seat. But the fact of thafirst certificate
not being in compliance with the law, taken in
connection with the admission before us which
shows that it was given in direct contravention
of law, does not show a prima facie right to the
seat on the part of the Delegate holding the cer-
tificate, and consequently Mr. Chilcott, who re-
ceived a majority of the votes according to the
decision of the regularly-constituted tribunal,
the board of canvassers, has the prima facie
right, and ought to bo admitted to a seat on this
floor, while the Committee of Elections is in-
vestigating the question and determining upon
evidence to be taken which of them was really
elected by the people. We ought not, in my
opinion, to give .such construction to this cer-
tificate as to make it prima facie evidence of
matters not stated in it and which did not exist,
that is, that Mr. Hunt had received a majority
ascertained in the manner provided by law,
and thus to defeat the right, allow a man not
elected to take a seat on this floor, allow the
Governor to nullify the law of the Territory,
the action of the board of canvassers, and the
will of the people.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I now demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I now yield five minutes
to the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Speaker, it seems to me
that the duty of the House in this case is per-
fectly apparent. I do not agree with the mi-
nority of the committee in their report, that
Mr. Hunt should have the scat; still less do I
agree with a smaller minority of the committee
that Mr. Chilcott should have it. The majority
report is that there is good ground for declar-
ing that neither one has a prima facie right to
the seat. Now, if we sustain that report, we
certainly do no injustice to either of the par-
ties. We do not admit Mr. Hunt to the preju-
dice of Mr. Chilcott, nor the latter to the pre-
judice of the former.
In so far as the mere prima facie goes on
the question of the certificate. of Governor
Cumming, on a careful reading of it all I have
to say is that it resembles as nearly as I can
remember three certificates on which I have
taken my seat for three successive terms in
this House. And in answer to the gentleman
from Illinois I will say that I think a certifi-
cate given for a member of the House ought
to be good for a Delegate from a Territory.
I say, however, that there is enough evidence
here to raise at the threshold a doubt of Mr.
Hunt's right to a seat, and that doubt being
of a serious nature he should not be sworn
in. Bui the majority of the committee stopped
there and told us, after an examination, that
neither of these claimants had a prima facie
right to the seat; and that neither party will
be prejudiced by allowing each of the claim-
ants to serve on the other a notice of contest,
and giving a full and definite hearing by the
committee before the House shall act finally
upon this question.
Now, I do ask my Republican and Union
friends here, with whom I concur, not to allow
party prejudice to come into this case. Both
of these claimants have rights ; they have the
right to be heard fairly and fully before the
Committee of Elections of this House, and
then before the House itself, and I submit that
the motion of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Wilson,] to give Mr. Chilcott a seat here, is
to prejudge this case at the outset against the
submitted report of the committee. Now, I
do not think this House as an impartial body-
can afford to do any such thing. I hope,
therefore, that the report of the Committee of
Elections will be sustained.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr.]
Mr. KERR. Mr. Chairman, I shall take
but a short time to present my views upon this
case. I have no interest in this case, except
the attainment of a just and legal result upon
the question referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions. I feel no personal interest whatever in
the contest for this seat.
I understand the objection to the claim of
Mr. Hunt to a seat in this House as Delegate
from the Territory of Colorado to rest mainly
upon this fact: not that his certificate is in-
valid, informal, incomplete, or insufficient as
evidence of a prima facie right to the seat, but
that Governor Cumming, who issued that cer-
tificate, came before our committee and made
certain statements in reference to the right of
Mr. Hunt-to this seat. Now, on that point I
only desire to say this : that there was no evi-
dence referred to our committee at all. As my
distinguished colleague on the committee [Mr.
Poland] has said, the simple question referred
to us was which of these gentlemen upon the
credentials offered by them respectively was
prima facie entitled to. the seat. That excludes
the idea that we should go into an examination
of parole evidence, or of witnesses, for the pur-
pose of determining the right to the seat.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Cook]
says that the Governor of the Territory came
before our committee and made certain admis-
sions. Suppose he did make certain admis-
sions before the committee, of what value or
weight are those admissions? Eyery lawyer
here knows that if those admissions are of
value at all they are of value as evidence ; and
if those admissions came before us at all in a
way to be taken cognizance of by us they came
before us as testimony; yet we had no right to
consider any testimony, and we did not assume
to consider any; uudcr the resolution of the
House it wouldhave been exceeding our author-
ity to attempt any such investigation.
But it is claimed that the certificate presented
by Mr. Hunt doe«s not state facts sufficient to
entitle him prima facie to a seat as Delegate.
Now, what does that certificate state? I beg
leave to call the attention of gentlemen upon
the other side to the fact that the certificate
states in express terms the existence of every
fact necessary to sustain the right of Mr. Hunt
to a seat here. It does not state, it is true, that
an election was held on a certain day and that
at that election a certain number of votes was
cast for Mr. Hunt in this precinct, a certain
number in that precinct, a certain number in
another precinct, and so on. But it does state
that "in accordance with the laws of Congress
and the laws of the Territory of Colorado, Mr.
Hunt was duly elected a Delegate to the For-
tieth Congress from the Territory of Colorado.''
I submit, viewing this matter as a lawyer,
and in no other light than as a mere question
of law, which in truth it is, it is clear almost
beyond controversy that Mr. Hunt has the
prima facie right to the seat; for it is ut-
terly impossible that the recitals in this certifi-
cate shall bo true and yet that Mr. Hunt shall
not have received the highest number of votes.
If he was duly elected a Delegate Mr. Chilcott
could not have been elected at all. The lan-
guage of this certificate excludes the conclu-
sion that any other person than Mr. Hunt had
the highest number of votes, or that the elec-
tion was irregular, or that the certificate itself
was prematurely, corruptly, or fraudulently
issued. In form the certificate is almost a copy
of the one by which I hold my seat on this floor,
and very few gentlemen here hold any more
formally perfect credentials. It substantially
follows the requirement of both the law of Con-
gress and the law of the Territory. It was
executed and attested as required by law.
It is contended that Governor Cumming
came before us and made certain admissions.
Upon this point I desire to say there is a singu-
lar lack of harmony among the members of
the committee with regard to the facts as they
transpired before us. I am entirely certain
that 1 heard no admissions of this kind made
by Governor Cumming. 1 am also entirely
certain that when Governor Cumming was
