1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
281
concurred in making a report, and the third
did not, whereupon the Governor and this third
man made a count utterly in violation and de-
fiance of law, upon which count the Governor
gave a certificate to the man who was thus
declared, in violation and defiance of law, to
have the majority of votes.
Now, I would like to know whether the
Committee of Elections are bound to take
cognizance of no fact like that stated and con-
fessed right in the committee-room, that a
certificate was procured in direct, acknowl-
edged palpable fraud of the law, and whether
we are to give legal significance to a certificate
in.the face of such an admission. If we are,
then, according to the admission I made in the
outset, Mr. Hunt is entitled to the seat. If
not, then there is no prima facie case; be-
cause the paper is the same as stolen or pro-
cared by forgery or fraud. There is nothing,
therefore, under the law making a prima facie
Mr. SCOFIBLD. I yield a few minutes to
the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, this
case was sent to the Committee of Elections
by a resolution, which directed all the papers
filed in the case to go to that committee. The
papers were—first, the certificate of Governor
Camming that Mr. Hunt was duly elected a
Delegate from the Territory of Colorado ; sec-
ond, the certificate of the board of canvassers
that Mr. Chileott had received a majority of
all the votes cast at that election for Delegate ;
third, the certificate of the acting Governor of
the Territory that Mr. Chileott had been duly
elected ; and fourth, the authenticated returns
from the several counties of the Territory giv-
ing the same result that was ascertained by
the board of canvassers of the Territory. I
find nothing said in the report of the com-
mittee about the latter class of papers, though
they were all sent to the -committee by order
of the ITouse.
Having this case before them upon these
papers, the Committee of Elections have not
been able to present to this House a conclusion
as to which one of these claimants is prima
facie entitled to the seat. The case, therefore,
comes back to the House in the same condition
in which it went to the Committee of Elections.
And we are now to consider it upon the same
papers and evidence that the House referred
it to the committee.
It is not my purpose to find fault with the
action of either the majority or the minority
of the Committee of Elections. They may
settle their differences of opinion among them-
selves. I propose to treat the case as though
it wore originally before the House, and without
regard to the action of the committee; for
we have no 'particular light given us by the
committee, and we may safely and properly
treat the ease as though it had never been
referred.
Now, what do we find? We find that Mr.
I-Iunt presents a certificate of the Governor to
the effect that he had been duly elected Dele-
gate from the Territory of Colorado. But we
also find in the case the certificate of the board
of canvassers upon which, by the terms of the
law, the Governor of the Territory was required
to base his certificate of the fact of election,
for he is required to certify the result found by
the canvassers. That paper is now here as a
part of the case. When we compare the cer-
tificate of the Governor with the paper upon
which by law he was bound to base it, we find
that the certificate is false. The result, as cer-
tified by the board of canvassers, is that of all
the votes east for Delegate to Congress George
M. Chileott received a majority of one hun-
dred and eight. Yet, in the face of that report
of the board of canvassers, which the law
requires the Governor to follow, he certifies that
Mr. Hunt was'duly elccted; that is, though
Mr. Hunt has but a minority of the votes east,
the Governor certifies that he was duly elected.
This destroys the certificate of the Governor,
and leaves Mr. Hunt without any evidence ot
title to the contested seat.
What further do we find? We find among
the papers filed by Mr. Chileott with the Clerk
of this House, and directed by the House to be
sent with the other papers to the Committee !
of Elections, the authenticated election returns j
from the several counties of the Territory. It
was upon the returns from the counties that
the territorial board of canvassers were to act,
and upon which they did act. Looking into
those returns from the several counties, and
adding up the votes for Mr. Chileott and the'
votes for Mr. Hunt, as therein exhibited, we
find that they show a majority of one hundred
and eight votes for Mr. Chileott. The board j
of canvassers of the 'Territory, acting in pur-
suance of law upon these county returns, ascer-
tained the result that I have mentioned—that
Mr. Chileott had a majority of one hundred
and eight votes. The county canvassers and
the territorial canvassers exactly agree ; and
the certificate of the latter officers follows the
finding returns of the former officers. Thus,
the certificate of the territorial canvassersis sup-
ported by the authenticated returns from the
several counties. And that is the case on the
part of Mr. Chileott, and no one can doubt his
right to the seat except upon the ground that
a fraudulent certificate of a Governor is better
evidence of title than an ascertained majority
of "votes which stands in conflict with it.
Now, it has been said by the gentleman
who represents the majority of the Committee
of Elections th4Ctf has been alleged, or prob-
ably will be alUged, that there was illegal
voting at the election for Delegate. Of course
that matter cannot be considered by us at this
time. That is a matter which belongs to the
contest which the resolution proposes shall pro-
ceed between the two claimants for this seat.
But inasmuch as there has been a little travel-
ing beyond the record in that direction. I may
say, on the other hand, that it maybe alleged,
and is affirmed, that before the canvass by the
territorial officers was completed Governor
Curaming asserted that he did not care what
the canvassers might find, for he had deter-
mined to give the certificate to Mr. Hunt in
any event. That this was the determination
of the Governor is proved by the papers which
we have before us, and on which we are now
acting. These papers disclose that he did give
the certificate to Mr. Hunt in violation of the
finding of the board of canvassers, which he
by law was bound to follow.
I only speak of this because of the suggestion
made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Scofield,] that it may be alleged that the ma-
jority for Mr. Chileott, as returned by the board
of canvassers, was made up, at least in part, of
illegal votes. And I may further say, that find-
ing this majority of one hundred and eight had
found its lodgment in the office of the secre-
tary of the Territory before the day of the
canvass, through the returns sent up from the
several counties, the Governor and some of
Mr. Hunt's friends immediately telegraphed
for the removal of the secretary (who was a
fair and just officer, and who stood in the way
of the fraud contemplated) prior to the date
fixed by law for the canvass, of the votes by
the territorial officers. This was during the time
when the presidential party was '"swinging
round the circle." But, sir, this is all outside
of the case, as well as outside of the record ;
and I only mention it because of the remark
made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
I ask the House to pass upon this case, not
according to the view presented by the gentle-
men representing the minority of the com-
mittee, regarding this simply as a question
whether the certificate given by Governor Gum-
ming follows the law in its language, require-
ments, and form. I ask the House to act upon
the case as it appears before us from all of the
papers filed by the two claimants. When we
co me'to determine the case upon these papers
we find that, instead of Mr. Hunt having a
prima farie case by virtue of the certificate
given bv the Governor, he is asking for admis-
sion on"a document which is proved to be false
by the 01 her papers filed in the case, papers
made in pursuance of law, and which it was
the duty of the Governor to follow. _
Let me make one further remark in support
of the amendment I have offered. During the
Thirty-Ninth Congress both Houses declared
that the people of Colorado had so far advanced
in the establishment of a permanent com-
munity and the development of the resources
at their command as to be entitled to repre-
sentation in both Houses—a Representative in
this Hall and two Senators at the othei? end
of the Capitol; in other words, that Colorado
ought to be a State. That was the judgment
of Congress with regard to the importance of
the constituency which these claimants claim
title to represent in this body. It seems to me
that justice to this important constituency de-
mands the present admission of one of these
claimants pending the contest between them.
The resolution of the committee without the
amendment which 1 have submitted would, if
adopted, leave the people of Colorado without
any representative here until the end of the
contest shall have been reached. This would
be unfair and nnjust. I therefore ask the
ITouse to adopt the amendment I have offered,
that, Mr. Chileott shall be sworn iu as the sit-
ting Delegate pending the action of the com-
mittee and the House upon this case; and I
ask this because the papers and evidence be-
fore us show conclusively that Mr. Chileott is
entitled to the seat by virtue of his having re-
ceived a majority of the votes cast by the peo-
ple of Colorado.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I now yield to my col-
league on the committee, the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Upson.]
Mr. UPSON. Mr. Speaker, I concur with
the view so well presented by my colleague
on the committee, the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Cook,] and consider that Mr. Chileott
has the prima facie right to the seat, accord-
ing to the papers referred to the committee.
This view of the case has been so clearly ex-
hibited by the gentleman from Illinois, and
also by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wil-
son,] that I would not say a word on the
question, but that, as allusion has been made,
som©svhat irregularly perhaps, to the proceed-
ings that took place before the committee, it
may be advisable for me to say a word in veri-
fication or corroboration of what has been
stated by my colleague.
The action of the Governor of Colorado in
this case, as evidenced on the face of the
papers, and by his own declarations before the
committee, appears to me a gross outrage
upon the rights of the people of that Territory,
committed in direct defiance of their expressed
will through the ballot-box; and I shall not
believe, until it shall be evidenced by a delib-
erate vote, that this House will consent to ratify
this outrageous proceeding on the part of the
Governor by admitting Mr. Hunt even tempo-
rarily to a seat in this House.
I agree with my colleague mainly in the
views which he takes in relation to the organic
law of Colorado, and insist that on the face
of the paper as required by that organic law
the Governor should show the man declared
elected has received the highest number of
votes, and that he should certify to that fact
as the ground upon which he is authorized to
give the certificate. The language of the or-
ganic law is that " a certificate thereof shall
be given by the Governor accordingly." The
man who receives the highest number of votes
it is provided shall be declared elected, and a
certificate thereof shall be given accordingly.
The certificate is to be given in accordance
with the fact.
Now, it was insisted in argument before the
committee oil behalf of Mr. Chileott that the
certificate was defective in not showing that
fact, lie alleged that it was in violation of
the law and not in accordance with the return
of the board of canvassers. Governor Cum-
ming himself appeared before the committee
in behalf of Mr. Hunt, and endeavored to
rebut that allegation. The question being
propounded whether the certificate was issued
