232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
before there had been a canvass, he replied
that 110 canvass of the votes was declared or
made. He then went on of his own sugges-
tion to state the fact that two of the board
were for Mr. Chilcott and one for Mr. Hunt,
and that he coincided with the one for Mr.
Hunt. The question was then put to him,
"If that was so what right had you to issue
the certificate to Mr. Hunt?"
He then finding himself embarrassed by his
statement, said that he was not there as a wit-
ness. The recklessness with which he tram-
pled upon all law in giving the certificate to a
man who had not a majority of the votes was
only equaled by the unblushing coolness with
which he appeared before the committee and
attempted to justify his palpable -violation of
the law.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr.. Blaine]
says this is in violation of all precedent. I
will call his attention to one. I will refer him
to the report of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] the chairman of the
committee in the Thirty-Seventh Congress in
the case of Daily vs. Morton. I quote from the
Reports of Contested-Election Cases, page 403:
"Mr. Morton Accordingly received the certificate
of election, and Mr. Daily took the position of con-
testant. Subsequently the Governor of the Territory
gave Mr. Daily a certificate of election on the ground
of alleged fraud in the vote counted for Morton; re-
voking in said certificate as far as he was ablo the
certificate before given to Mr. Morton. Between
these two certificates as prima facie evidence of an
election, entitling the holder to be sworn in in the
first instance and occupy the seat pending the con-
test, the Houso decided at the last session in favor of
that hold by Mr. Daily, and he has accordingly occu-
pied the scat, and Mr. Morton has been the contestant
during the pondency of the contest."
Now, that goes further than I would go. It
not only set aside the first certificate, but gave
the prima facie case to the man with the
second certificate. In this case Mr. Chilcott
has the only certificate in accordance with the
decision of the board of canvassers, and the
first certificate does not show that it was given
to the man who received the highest number
of votes. The Governor admits that he gave
it in violation of law. It was perhaps neces-
sary at that time, in order to send a telegraphic
dispatch to give encouragement to the Cele-
brated Philadelphia convention. I do not
know of any other reason.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Allow
me to ask a question. I find in the report of
the committee they have overruled the certifi-
cate of the Governor as null and void. They
proceed to say thereupon that there was no
legal certificate because the power was ex-
hausted by the act of Governor Cumming, and
they infer therefrom that Mr. Chilcott has no
prima facie case. They assume there has
been no evidence which would entitle a party
to a seat here short of the certificate of the
Governor. Is that so? In the absence of su-
perior cannot inferior evidence be admitted in
accordance with the well-settled principle of
common law, which says the best evidence in
the nature of the case should be produced.
The certificate of the Governor being null and
void, what is the duty of the coinmittce but to
find in accordance with the rule to which I have
referred, the next best prima facie evidence.
The meaning of the term, as 1 understand it, is
that evidence which, in the absence of any con-
tradiction, would be conclusive of the case.
Then, I take it that the evidence of the return
of the election which the committee had before
them is Mr. Chilcott's case. I ask my col-
league whether, in the absence of any other evi-
dence, the logical result is not that Mr. Chil-
cott has such a case as will entitle him to a seat
in the absence of any evidence to contradict it?
Mr. SCOFIELD. That is a very long ques-
tion. [Laughter.] I suppose the gentleman
wanted to ask a question and did not expect
or desire an answer, because the question is of
itself an argument. I will give it, however, a
kind of answer. My colleague must remember
that a committee is not exactly like a judge on
the bench._ It is in part like a jury to deter- i
mine the facts. VVe pass upon the law and I
upon the facts at the same time. They are
both often complicated. It is difficult some-
times to get a majority of nine lawyers to agree
upon what the law is, and when we come to
the jury part, my colleague • knows it is an old
maxim that there is nothing so uncertain ais
the verdict of a jury upon a state of facts.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Except
the decision of a judge.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I was not aware that that
is any more uncertain. When a majority of the
committee came to the conclusion that under
the state of facts presented to us we would not
say that the certificate of Governor Cumming
entitled Mr. Hunt to a seat as Delegate, we then
considered the certificate given to the other
claimant, Mr. Chilcott, and came to the con-
clusion—at least a majority of us—that that
certificate also was not good. But the House
should remember that of the six gentlemen who
voted against the validity of the certificate given
to Mr. Hunt only three of those same gentle-
men voted against the validity of the certificate
given to Chilcott. It was a kind of cross-fire.
There were six against one certificate and six
against the other, and three of those who were
against the first certificate were in favor of the
second, and vice versa.
Now, we undoubtedly have fallen upon sec-
ondary evidence and reported that the certifi-
cate of the board of canvassers reciting the fact
was not sufficient upon which to base a report
in favor of Mr. Chilcott. But the majority of
the committee were of opinion when the House
referred the papers to us to say which one was
entitled to a seat prima facie that it contem-
plated our going no further. In the case of
Koontz vs. Coffroth at the last Congress there
was no certificate of election. That was a
Pennsylvania case, and the Governor who heard
it came to the same conclusion that the com-
mittee have come to in this case, namely, that
neither of the claimants was entitled to a cer-
tificate from him. Therefore when the House
referred this case to us, it referred it in order
to get a report upon the secondary evidence,
and accordingly upon that secondary evidence
the committee reported. I stand by the re-
port of the committee that neither one of the
claimants upon the papers is entitled to a seat.
But if the House can fall back npon the sec-
ondary evidence it of course is nothing to me.
I stand by the report and shall so vote.
I wish, however, to make an allusion to a
remark made by the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Poland.] I thought he stated with some
roughness—we call it that way in the woods
where I live—that the statement of the majority
of the committee was not true.
Mr. POLAND. If the gentleman will allow
fne, I stated that the impression that was con-
veyed by the language of the committee was
not true. I certainly did not intend to charge
the gentleman from Pennsylvania or any mem-
ber of the committee with conveying intention-
ally a false impression ; but I say, the language
of the report of the majority of the committee
in saying that Mr. Hunt was not content to
stand upon the credentials that he presented, but
introduced Governor Cumming to support the
case, does convey the impression that he was
introduced to state some facts which were not
stated in his credentials, when the fact is, as
the gentleman himself will admit, that ho ap-
peared there professionally, to act merely as
an attorney to argue the question of the legal
validity of the credentials that he had given.
Although in one sense the language is true, it
conveys a meaning which the facts do not
justify.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I understood the gentle-
man before very much as I do now. He used
the words "not true," which was a pretty
strong term, not to say offensive. The gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Siiellabarger] might
have satisfied the gentleman, if he had referred
to it, that he entirely misapprehended the state-
ment of Governor Cumming. After the argu-
ment had been heard the committee bad occa-
sion to discuss this question among themselves,
and it is proper for me to state, because the
chairman of the committee desired it, that he
placed his judgment and his vote upon the
confession of Governor Cumming that the cer-
tificate was made against the eount of the can-
vassers in his presence. I think the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Poland] was not present;
but the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shella-
bauger,] who was not present at the time
the argument was made by Mr. Cumming, ob-
tained his version of the fact from the chair-
man of the committee, the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] What I wished
to say was, that if the statement of Governor
Cumming had been vague and uncertain, the
chairman of the Committee of Elections would
not have based his judgment upon it, or given
it as the reason why he had determined to lay
aside the certificate which the Governor had
issued.
I now relinquish the floor, asking the Chair
to state io the House the order in which the
votes will be taken upon the several proposi-
tions pending before the House.
The SPEAKER. The majority of the Com-
mittee of Elections have reported a resolution
giving the seat to neither of the claimants at
present. The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Kerr,] on behalf of a minority of the commit-
tee, moves as a substitute for the resolution of
the majority of the committee, that Mr. Hunt
is prima facie entitled to the seat. The gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Cook] moves to
amend the substitute proposed by the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] so as to admit
Mr. Chilcott to the seat for the present. Pend-
ing which the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wil-
son] moves to amend the original proposition
by adding thereto what will be reported by the
Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows :
And that pending the action of the committee and
the House thereon, George M. Chilcott be sworn in
as the sitting Delegate'from the Territoiy of Colo-
rado.
The SPEAKER. The question will be first
taken upon the amendment of the gentleman
from Iowa, [-Mr. Wxr.sox,] it being to perfect
the original proposition.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 7fi, noes 52.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. KERR called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative — yeas 91, nays 36, not
voting 37 ; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Delos
R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker. Baldwin, Bea-
man, Benjamin, Benton, Boutwell, Broornall, Buck-
land, Butler, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb.Coburn, Cook,*Cornell, Oovode, Cullora;
Dodge, Donnelly. Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston, Ela,
Ferries, Ferry, Fields, Finney. Garfield, Gravely,
Hamilton, Ilayes, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D.
Hubbard, Hulburcl. Ingersoll. Judd, Julian, Kelscy,
Ketcliam,Kitchen, Koontz, William Lawrence, Loan,
Logan, Maivin, McCarthy, Miller, Moore, Moirell,
Myers, Newcomb, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perhara,
Peters, Pile, Plants, l'olsiey, Robertson, Sawyer,
Sclicnck, Selye, Shanks, Aaron F. Stevens, Thad-
deus Stevens, Talfe, Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge,
Twitchell, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Tan Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyck. Cndwalader C.
Washburn, Henry D. Washburn, Wolker, Thomas
"Williams, William "Williams, James F. Wilson, John
T. Wilson, and Windom—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barnes, Bingham, Blaine,
Blair, Boyer, Burr, Cake, Chanler, Eldridge. Farns-
worth. Fox. Getz, Glossbrenner, Haight, Ilolman,
Humphrey, Kerr, Mercur, Morrissey, Mungcn, Kib-
lack, Nicholson, Noell, Poland,Pruyn, Boss, Scolield,
Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Smith, Stewart, Taber, Van
Auken, Van Trump, and Wood—36.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Banks. Bromwell, Brooks,
Dawes, Denison, Eliot, Griswold, Halsey, Harding,
Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard, Hunter, Kelley, Laflin,
George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Loughridge, Lynch,
Mallory, Marshall, McClurg, McCullough, Moor-
head, Morgan, Phelps, Pike, i'onieroy, Price, Ran-
dall, Raum, Robinson, Spalding, Stone, Ward. Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Stephen F. Wilson, and Wood-
bridge—37.
So the amendment of Mr. Wilson, of Iowa,
was agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Cook to the substitute proposed
by Mr. Kerr.
Mr. COOK. As the adoption of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wil-
