1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
son] will accomplish substantially what I de-
sired to effect, I "will withdraw my amendment.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Kerr to the resolution reported
by the majority of tlie Committee of Elections,
namely, to strike out all'after the word "Re-
solved" and insert in lieu thereof the follow-
ing:
That A.G. Hunt, Esq. , is prima facie entitled to the
seat m this House as Delegate from the Territory of
Colorado, pending the contest of his right to the
same by George M. Chilcott, Esq.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the original
resolution, as amended, which was as follows :
Resolved, That the papers and evidence relating to
the right of A. C. Hunt and George M. Chilcott to a
seat in the Fortieth Congress as a Delegate from the
Territory of Colorado bo referred to the Committee
of Elections, with instructions to roport which, if
either, of said claimants is entitled thereto; and that
the committee have power to require the service of
such notices and grant such lime for taking further
evidence as they may deetn proper; and that pending
the action of the committee and the House thereon,
George Jl. Chilcott be sworn in as thesitting Delegate
from the Territory of Colorado.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote just taken: and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid ou the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
QUALIFICATION o:.' A DELEGATE.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I now ask that
Mr. George M. Chilcott be sworn in as the
sitting Delegate from the Territory of Colorado,
in pursuance of the resolution just adopted by
the House.
Mr. Ohiloott then appeared and took the
oath prescribed by law.
REGISTRATION 01' VESSELS.
Mr. SOOFIELD. I now ask leave to intro-
duce for consideration at this time a joint
resolution to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to prescribe rules and regulations for
the registration of certain vessels built for use
on the western and northwestern lakes, upon
the payment of internal revenue tax on the
materials used in the construction of similar
vessels of American build.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I object.
leave 01' absence.
Mr. ELDRIDGE asked and obtained leave
of absence for one week for Mr. Morgan, of
Ohio, on account of sickness in his family.
W. W. POTTER AND W. R. INGRAIIAM.
• Mr. VAN AERMAN asked and obtained
leave to have withdrawn from the files of the
House the petitions and papers in the cases of
W. W. Potter and William R. Ingraham.
BIORITZ JUDKIEWICZ.
Mr. BUCKLAND, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution to change the
name of Moritz Judkiewicz to Morris Judd;
which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. BIIOKLANT) moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the S-enate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced .that the Senate had
parsed bills and a joint resolution of the fol-
lowing titles, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
An act (S. No. 60) to authorize the entry and
occupation of a portion of Long Island, in Bos-
ton harbor, for military purposes ;
An act (S. No. 80) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to sell the Government
warehouses on Atlantic dock. Brooklyn, New
York ;
Au act (S. No. 80) for the relief of Orlef E.
Dreutzer, late consul of the United States to
the kingdom of Norway; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 39) concerning
the uniform of persons in the diplomatic ser-
vice of the United States.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, a joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 7) providing for' the ex-
penses of carrying into effect the act entitled
"An act to provide for the more efficient gov-
ernment of the rebel States."
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS F0K SOLDIERS.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a joint resolution
for the relief of soldiers who are entitled to
artificial limbs; which was read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution, which was read at
length, provides that out of any appropria-
tions made or that hereafter may' be made
for supplying with artificial limbs soldiers who
have served in the war against the rebellion,
the Secretary of War shall be authorized to
pay to such soldiers at their option, in lieu of
the order for such limbs, an amount of money
equivalent to the contract price of the limbs.
Mr. CHANLEIi. I suggest to my colleague
that he should include-in this bill a provision
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue bonds to cover the expenditures author-
ized to be made under the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Chanler] may not have noticed
that, according to the provision in the first part
of the resolution, this money is to come out
of any appropriations made for this purpose.
Mr. YAN H011N,_ of New York. I desire
only to state that this resolution is word for
word the same as one which was passed by the
House toward the close of the last session, but
which failed to receive the action of the Sen-
ate.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
The question being on the passage of the
joint, resolution, it was passed unanimously.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion was passed ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsidcr be laid on the table.
'Uhe latter motion was agreed to.
order 01' business.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, for the purpose of resuming the consid-
eration of the joint resolution (S. R. No. 15)
for the relief of the destitute in the southern
and southwestern States.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, (at two o'clock and
forty minutes p.m.) I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the yeas and
nays on that motion. I regard this as a test
question upon the bill which the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] proposes we shall
consider.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken: and there were—
yeas 58, nays 58, not voting 48 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Dclos It. Ashley, Bald-
win, Beaman, Benjamin,Blair, BoutwcII. Broomall,
Butler, Reader W.Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb. Cook,
Cornell, Covodc, Cullom, Dodge, Driggs, Eckloy,
Ela, Farnsworth, Ferris, Field', Finney, Garfield,
Gravely, Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Hulburd,
Ingersoll, Judd, Kitchen, William Lawrence, Lin-
coln, Loan, Logan, Mallory, McCarthy, Moore. New-
comb, Paine, Perham, Robertson, Sawyer, tochenck,
Scofield, Shanks, Shellabarger, Thaddeus Stevens,
Tabor, Twitchell, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Cadwala-
der C. Washburn, William Williams, James I. Wil-
son, John T. Wilson, and Wood—58.
NAYS —Messrs. Anderson, Archer, Baker, Bing-
ham, Blaine, Boyer, Brooks, Buekland, Chanler,
Churchill, Coburn, Donnelly, liggleston, ! cn-y, lox,
Getz, Glossbi enner, Haight. Hamilton Hayes, IIol-
11111, Chester D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Julian, Kerr,
Koontz, Marvin, MeClurg, Mercur, Miller, Morrell,
MorrKsey, Mungen, Myers, Niblaek, Xocll.O'lNeill,
Orth, Pile, Plants, Poland, Randall. Robinson. Ross,
Sitgroavcs, Smith. Stewart, Taft'e. Taylor, Van Acr-
nam, Van Auken, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump,
Vim Wyck, Henry D. Washburn, Thomas Williams,
Windorn, and Woodbridge—58.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames. James M.Ashley,
Banks, Barnes, Benton, Bromwell, Barr, Cake,
Dawes, Denison, Eldridge, Eliot, Griswold, Halsey,
Harding, Hill, Hooper, Hunter, jEelley, Kelsey,
Keteham, Lanin, George Y. Lawrence, Loughridge.
Lynch, Marshall, McCullough, Moorhead, Morgan,
Nicholson, Peters, Phelps, Pike, Polsley, Pomeroy,
Price, Pruyn, Raum, Selye, Spalding, Aaron F. Ste-
vens Stone, Thomas, Trowbridge, Ward, Willi am B.
Washburn, Welker, and Stephen F. Wilson—48.
The SPEAKER. On the motion to adjourn
there are—yeas 58, nays 58. The Chair votes
in the negative; and the House refuses to
adjourn.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled House joint
resolution No. 7, providing for the expenses
of carrying into full effect an act entitled "An
act to provide for the more efficient govern-
ment of the rebel Stateswhen the Speaker
signed the same.
DESTITUTE IN THE SOUTH AND SOUTHWEST.
The question then recurred on Mr. Bingham's
motion that the rules be suspended, and the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BEAMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 64, nays 52, not voting
48 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Archer, Baker, Barnes,
Bingham, 'Blaine, Boyer, Brooks, Buekland, Burr,
Chanler, Churchill, Donnelly, Eggleston, Ferry, Fox,
Getz, Glossbrenner, 'Hamilton, Hayes, Holman,
Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard Hulburd, Humphrey,
Julian, Kerr, Keteham, Kitchen, Koontz, Mallory,
Marvin, Miller, Morrell, Morrissey, Mungen, New-
comb, Niblaek, Nicholson, Noell, Orth, Perham,
Pile, Plants, Poland, Pruyn, Randall, Robertson,
Robinson, Ross, Sitgreaves, Smith, Stewart, Taffe,
Taylor, Thomas, Tiowbridge, Van Aernam, Van
Auken, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump, Yan
Wyck, Henry D. Washburn, and John T. Wil-
son—64.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Baldwin, Beaman, Benton,
Blair, Boutwell, Broomall, Butler, Reader W.Clarke,
Cobb, Cook, Cornell, Covodc, Cullom, Dodge, Driggs,
.Eekley, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Fields, Finney, Garfield,
Gravely, Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Ingersoll,
Judd, William Lawrence, Loan, Logan, McCarthy,
Mercer, Moore, Myers, O'Neill, Paine, Peters, Pols-
ley, Schenck, Scofield, Shanks, Shellabarger, Aaron F.
Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Twitchell, Upson, Burfc
Van Horn, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Thomas Wil-
liams, William Williams, Wmdom, and Wood—52.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
JamesM. Ashley, Banks,Benjamin,Bromwell,Cake,
Sidney Clarke, Coburn, Dawes, Denison, Ela, Eld-
ridge, Eliot, Gr.iswold, Haight, Halsey, Harding,
Hill, Hunter, Kelley, Kelsey, Lallin, George V. Law-
encc, Lincoln, Loughridge, Lynch, Marshall, Me-
Clurg, McCullough, Moorhead, Morgan, Phelps,
Pike, Pomeroy, Price, Raum, Sawyer, Selye, Spald-
ing, Stone. Taber, Ward, William B. Washburn,
Welker, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and
Woodbridge—48.
So the motion was agreed to.
. The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Blaine in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of Senate joint reso-
lution No. 1G, for the relief of the destitute in
the southern and southwestern States.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Chairman, I desire
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [ Mr. Mil-
ler] to withdraw his amendment to the amend-
ment to the original joint resolution offered
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Banks.] I make the appeal in order that I
may perfect the resolution by moving to amend
the'ainendment moved by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] by striking out the
appropriation of $1,000,000 and inserting after
the word "prescribed" the following:
And to that end the Secretary of War is hereby
authorized and directed to apply the appropriations
heretofore made and unexpended for the use of the
Frcedman's Bureau, the same to bo expended under
the direction of the Commissioner of said bureau,
and provided.''
So that there will be no additional appro-
priation in the coming year.
Mr. MILLER. I will withdraw my amend-
ment if I can renew it again.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio is not now in order.
Mr. YAN TRUMP. Mr. Chairman, hoarse-
ness of voice and a very sore throat admonish
