238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
ask for its present consideration. I presume
there will be no objection to it. _
By unanimous consent., the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will merely
say that under the recent act passed by Con-
gress amending the internal revenue laws,
wrapping - paper made of straw is exempt
from tax. I am free to say that I should pre-
fer that all wrapping-paper should be subject
to a tax ; but having exempted that made
from straw, it is very apparent that that made
from wood and corn-stalks, used for identi-
cally the same purpose, ought also to be
exempt.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
ISOUNTi* TO MISSOURI TllOOPS.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (II. II.
No. 0) placing certain troops of Missouri on
an equal footing with others as to bounties, to
report it back without amendment, and recom-
mend its passage.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate for the present considera-
tion of that joint resolution. The matter has
been reported upon two or three times by the
Military Committee of the Senkte, and this
resolution has now passed the House of Rep-
resentatives, having been thoroughly investi-
gated by the Military Committee of the House,
and as it relates to a most meritorious body of
troops who rendered in every way most effi-
cient service in the State of Missouri during
the entire rebellion, I would earnestly ask the
Senate to give unanimous consent to its pres-
ent consideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is to take any time
I shall feel constrained to object to it, because
I desire to call up the joint resolution from the
House suspending the operations of certain
commissioners who are u^osing damages for
slaves. I expected to get it up yesterday, but
found it impossible to do so, another matter
having the attention of the Senate. If this
measure is not to lead to discussion X shall not
object.
Mr. DRAKE. I am not aware that it will
lead to any.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Has the Senator any
assurance that it is not to be opposed ?
Mr. DRAKE. I have never heard a word
of opposition to it from any quarter.
Mr. TRUMBULL". I will not object if it
does not cause delay.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
this joint resolution? The Chair hears none.
The joint resolution was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It provides that the troops recognized in an
act entitled " An act making appropriations
for completing the defenses of Washington,
and for other purposes," approved February
13, 18G2, also all those borne on the rolls as
"slaves," shall be considered as placed on an
equal footing with the volunteers as to bounties,
and that all laws relating to bounties shall be
applicable to them as to other volunteers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
some explanation of this measure. I do not
know exactly what it means.
Mr. DRAKE. I will state that under the
authority of an act of Congress there was or-
ganized in the State of Missouri for the special
purpose of repelling the movements of rebel
Iruops from the southward there, and of keep-
ing the rebel element in Missouri in subjection,
a body often thousand troops. Those troops
have never yet been placed upon the same
footing with regard to bounties with the other
troops of the United States, and this is simply
a resolution to put them in that position,
nothing more. There is nothing beyond that
in the resolution. It has been reported upon
two or three times by the Military Committee
of this body, as I stated before; and now it has
been reported upon favorably by the Military
Committee of the House, and has passed the
House and has come to us for concurrence. I
earnestly hope that the matter will commend
itself to the judgment of the entire Senate as
being only right and proper that these men,
who were in all respects exactly the same as
the other volunteers of the United States, ex-
cept that they were organized for the specific
purpose of resisting the rebellion on the soil
of Missouri, and performed their duties there,
should be put on the same footing with all the
other troops. I know of no explanation that
can be given beyond this, except to say that in
the whole Army of the United States during
the rebellion I hardly think there was a body
of men who more faithfully performed their
duty and who rendered more acceptable ser-
vice to the country than this body of troops
did. I hope very much that the explanation
will be satisfactory to the honorable Senator
from Maine.
Mr. HOWARD. I have been informed, and
I suppose correctly, that these troops served
not only within the limits of Wisconsin, but
that they served generally beyond the limits of
that State, like other volunteers, wherever they
were ordered.
Mr. DRAKE. Certainly they served where
ever they were ordered; but the specific object
of the first formation of that body of troops by
President Lincoln was to resist the influences
that were at work in that State to take it out
of the Union and to resist aggressions from the
southward. They were mustered in for three
years, and during the war served not only in
the State, but out of the Slate wherever they
were required to serve ; but the primary object
was that which I have stated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to know why
they do not come under the act making appro-
priations for bounties.
Mr. DRAKE. My colleague, who is more
familiar with that matter, can probably explain
it to the Senator from Maine.
Mr. HENDERSON. In the early part of
the war tiie United States troops in Missouri
were called out of the State in order to go into
Tennessee and Kentucky, leaving us there
almost entirely defenseless. An incursion was
made into the State. A proposition was made
by the then acting Governor of the State,
Governor Gamble, that he would raise ten regi-
ments over our quota, ten regiments more than
we were bound to raise under the call of the War
Department, provided they should not when
raised be sent out of the State. Mr. Lincoln
accepted the proposition of Governor Gamble,
and the ten regiments were raised. That was
in the early spring of 1862. In Marclj, 18G2, the
Senator from Massachusetts reported a bill to
prevent the raising of more than ten regiments
under the order which was made by the War
Department, but providing that those ten regi-
ments mightbe mustered into the United States
seryice, and put upon an equal footing with
other troops, but no more. After they had
served two years, under an opinion given by
Mr. Whiting, who was then acting as Solicitor
of the War Department, they were refused
bounty. They were paid by the United States ;
they were subsisted by the United States ; and
they were, as we supposed, upon an equal foot-
ing in all respects with other volunteers; but,
strange to say, after two years' service this
refusal came to pay them bounties. They,
however, went on and served out their time
until the close of the war. Some of them served
three years and four or five months, and all of
them served over three years.
Mr. HOWE. Do I understand the Senator
to say that they were mustered into the service
of the United States?
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir, that is my
understanding. It is proper for me to say,
however, that Mr. Whiting took the contrary
ground. He said they were local troops. Such
was not my understanding. I have not the
act before me; but I will turn the Senator's
attention in a few moments to the act passed
in March, 1802, to which I have alluded.
Much to my surprise, this decision was made
that these troops were not entitled to bounty.
They were entitled to pensions; they were
entitled to pay; they were entitled to subsist-
ence ; and they were regarded in Missouri in
every respect as United States troops; but this
opinion of Mr. Whiting treated them as State
troops. Early in January of 1866 I submitted
a resolution asking the War Department why
bounty had not been paid to these troops, and
in answer to that resolution Mr. Stanton sent
to the Senate, under date of May 19, I860, a
report, from which I will read;
"The question a,s to whether these bounties were
payable under existing laws having arisen in the Pay
Bureau, it was referred to the Solicitor of the War
Department for investigation and opinion. That
opinion, which was adverse to the claim under exibt-
.ing laws, has been excepted to by able counsel on
the ground that certain facts and legal enactments
were overlooked which materially aifect the ques-
tion. "
Mr. Whiting, in giving his opinion, was
utterly unaware, it seems, of the act of March,
1862, which in effect mustered these troops
into the service of the United States. Four
regiments in Maryland, accepted under the
very same terms, were paid their bounty ; and
I never knew that any distinction was made
until we received this opinion. But, says the
Secretary:
"But the Secretary has not felt at liberty to make
so large an expenditure of money against the opinion
of the law officer of the Department, when all doubts
might be removed by legislative action. He has,
therefore, declined to pay these bounties until plainly
directed by Congress.
"Iteports of the meritorious service of these troop3
elsewhere than in the State of Missouri during the
war, by military commanders cognizant of the facts,
are herewith submitted. These reports are believed
to bo correct in fact. Whother in view of the servieo
the claim for bounties should be paid appears to be a
question of legislative discretion, that, can be appro-
pi lately determined only by Congress, from the
military reports the claim seems to be meritorious.
"Veiy respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,
"EDWIN M. STANTON,
" Secretary of War."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then they served out
of the State of Missouri?
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly; and the
Secretary of War sent here reports of the
commanders under whom these troops had
served. 1 propose to read from these military
commanders in regard to these troops. I have
before me the opinion of Mr. Whiting, which
Senators will see in the document to which I
have alluded, and also the opinion of the Pay-
master General. - Mr. Whiting clearly over-
looks the act of March, 1862; but I will first
read the report of General E. B. Brown;
St. LotJiS, January 29, 1866.
Sir: In reply to your request asking me to inform
you if the Missouri State militia served with me in
any other State than Missouri, and if that scrvicc,
if rendered, was done willingly, I have the honor to
state that from June 1, 1862, to January 18, 1863, I
was on duty in the field in southwest Missouri and
Arkansas, and during, most of that time had tho
command of tho southwestern district, which was
the advance line of the Union forces, and that the
larger proportion of the troops with me were Mis-
souri State militia. That repeated raids and expe-
ditions were made into Arkansas during that time
by these troops, and there was no hesitation on their
part to perform their duty cheerfully. The oflieial
reports will show that some of these expeditions
resulted in important captures of the property and
troops of the enemy, and that all weie successful
affairs." The Missouri State militia served with mo
for three years, side hy side with volunteers under
another name, and I never recognized any difference
in the kind or value of service they performed.
I am, very truly, your obedient servant,
E. B. BROWN,
Late Brigadier General of Volunteers.
Colonel Sami:el P. Siarsox, Adjutant General of
Missouri, Jefferson City.
General James Totten says—I will not read
all of his communication:
"As you are aware, I was one of the very first
amojig those whose position andsurroundings brought
them in contact with the rebellious spirits of 1861 in
Missouri; and the greater portion of my military life
since the initiation of the rebellion has been within
the borders of Missouri and her sister State, Arkan-
sas, and always, more or less, in connection with tho
men of those States." * * ' "They
marched with myself and other olpccrs within and
without the State of Missouri—crossed and recrossed
the borders between Arkansas and their own State,
on various occasions, by night andday.in winter and
summer, and at all times with zeal and alacrity—a
cheerful willingness, which, on certain of these oc-
casions, proved anything else than pleasure trips to
those concerned."
