240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not yet; and we may
have to pay both. <*
Mr. HENDERSON. I will state what this
means. I suppose that legislation will be re-
pealed ; but this means that the slaves them-
selves shall be paid $100 bounty, instead of
the masters being paid $300; and that being
the ease, Congress will make money by passing
the resolution. Instead of paying each owner
in Missouri $300 for his slave, if you pay $100
to the slave himself you will make money, and
you can even out of the surplus funds pay the
bounty to these ten regiments, and still save
money.
Mr. FESSENDEN. When that provision
of law is repealed, as probably it will be, I
shall have no objection to this clause standing
as it is; but while that stands unrepealed I do
not want the Government to be called upon to
pay bounty both to the master and to the
slave.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no objection
to striking out that part of the resolution and
letting it rest, to be settled by a subsequent
resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After this explanation,
I have no objection to the resolution with that
amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to amend the
resolution by striking out the words " also all
those borne on the rolls as slaves."
Mr. THAYER. I rise simply to add a
word in support of the reports which have
been read from different officers in regard to
these troops. I can speak from personal
knowledge that no troops rendered more effi-
cient service to the cause of the United States
than these ten regiments, both out of the
State and in the State of Missouri. They
wore regarded as a part of the United States
forces, and never considered as a mere State
force. To withhold what is asked for them,
that is, placing them on the same footing with
other troops of the United States, would be
doing them a great wrong.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
Mr. CORBETT. Before the resolution is
passed I should like to make a suggestion. Does
not this open a very wide range for every State
to bring in bills for the payment of its troops?
I have no doubt that this claim is very proper
and very just; but the question in my mind is,
whether by adopting this resolution we should
not involve the Government in very great ex-
pense, and largely increase our debt. As I
understand it, the Senator from Ohio has pro-
posed an amendment that troops of Ohio shall
be included; and I understand that many other
States furnished troops in a similar manner. I
know that California furnished troops for three
years or during the war; I have no doubt that
all these States will bring in their claims ; and
it seems to me that the passage of this resolu-
tion will involve us in a very heavy expense
and tend to increase the debt of the Govern-
ment very materially.
Whether it would not be as cheap for the
States themselves to pay these expenses instead
of adding to the national debt by the national
Government providing for all the troops raised
by the several States, is a question for the Sen-
ate to determine. I am inclined'to think tliat
it would be better for t'ne States to provide for
these volunteers. The debt of our nation is
very large, and it appears to be constantly in-
creasing, and all these bills tend to the swell-
ing of the large amount with which this Gov-
ernment is already burdened.
I wished merely to call the attention of the
Senate to the fact that if we adopt this meas-
ure there will be a large class of claims pre-
sented hero for the reimbursement of the sev-
eral States for expenses incurred during the
war for their State troops. I wish to do jus-
tice to the troops of Missouri and every other
State, but as a matter of policy I am almost
inclined to vote against this proposition, be-
cause it is opening the door to a large class of
claims that will be presented to the Govern-
ment for payment.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senator from Ore-
gon if he has carefully examined this measure ?
Mr. CORBETT. I have not; but I under-
stand that these troops have rendered efficient
service. I understand alsothat there are troops
in the same position -whieh were raised by
Ohio.
Mr. WILSON. I beg the Senator's pardon.
There is nothing of that kind in the resolution.
This resolution refers to a class of troops raised
under a special act in 1862, ten thousand in
Missouri and four thousand five hundred in
Maryland, authorized by President Lincoln;
and this joint resolution refers only to the
troops raised under that act, and can be applied
to no others. The Maryland troops, in fact,
have been paid the bounty, and this resolution
only provides for the Missouri troops. If the
Senator had read the joint resolution carefully,
and then read the law of 1862, I think he would
never have made his suggestion.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask the Senator if this
is not the same measure to which the Senator
from Ohio offered an amendment ?
Mr. WILSON. No. It has nothing to .do
with it. This is a special thing to meet a special
Mr. CORBETT. Then I have misappre-
hended the proposition.
Mr. POM KROY. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts to the
fact that an amendment has been made to this
joint resolution depriving the colored soldiers
of Missouri of any bounty. I should like to
know how that can be justified.
Mr. HENDERSON. Well, Mr. Presi-
dent  
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It be-
comes the duty of the Chair at this time to
call up the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. POMEROY. I will not interrupt the
taking of a vote on this measure.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state to the
Senator from Kansas that the reason the
amendment was made to which he alludes was
simply this: slaves were enlisted under a
special law by which we agreed to pay their
masters a certain sum, and that question is
still pending. This is a mere bounty. If we
have to pay two bounties, one to the master
and the other to the slave, it will make a case
that does not exist in regard to any other
troops. I have no objection to paying the
bounty to the slaves if we have not got to pay
it to their masters ; but as the law now stands
we must pay the masters.
Mr. POMEROY. I very much prefer to
pay the slave.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I agree with the Sen-
ator on that point; but we cannot pay them
both.
Mr. HENDERSON. Another reason why
the clause as to slaves should be stricken out
of this resolution is that it is a proposition to
pay slaves generally. I do not know how
many slaves were "borne upon the rolls."
It does not apply to the slaves of Missouri
alone, but to slaves generally.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 29) to extend to the employes of
the quartermaster's and subsistence depart-
ments at Washington the provisions of the joint
resolution giving additional compensation to
certain employes in the civil service at Wash-
ington, in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. CI) to pro-
vide for a district and a circuit court of the
United States for the district of Nebraska, and
for other purposes.
enrolled joint resolution signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 16) fixing the rate of duty
on umbrellas and on spiral wire furniture
springs, and it was signed by the President pro
tempore.
reports on the mississippi river.
Mr. ANTHONY obtained the floor.
Mr. POMEROY. I call for the unfinished
business of yesterday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is now before the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I will state that the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittijs] is will-
ing to withdraw his amendment to it this morn-
ing, and we can pass it without debate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have the floor, and I
hope I shall-be allowed to make a report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island has the floor, but the
unfinished business of yesterday is before the
Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to make a report, which I
have been trying to make for three or four
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
five thousand copies of the report of General
Humphreys on the physics and hydraulics of
the Mississippi river, &c., have instructed me
to report it back with an amendment. The
committee thought that printing this book at
this time, which would cost some eighteen
thousand dollars, was too expensive, and they
have therefore instructed me to report against
printing that, but in favor of printing the sup-
plementary report, which will be comparatively
inexpensive, and to which I believe the Sen-
ator from Missouri, [Mr. Henderson,] who
was very anxious upon this matter, assents.
The amendment is to strike out the heavy
appropriation and merely to print the smaller
work. I ask for the present consideration of
the report.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall not object to
that if it leads to no discussion.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, Thatfive thousand copies each be printed
for the use of the Senate of the following documents,
to wit:
1. Report upon the physios and hydraulics of the
Mississippi river; upon the protection of the alluvial
region against overflow; and upon tho deepening of
the mouths, based upon surveys and investigations
made under the acts of Congress directing the topo-
graphical and hydrographieal survey of the delta of
the Mississippi river, &c.( submitted to the Bureau
of Topographical Engineers, War Department, under
date of August 5,1861, as prepared by Captain A. A.
Humphreys and Lieutenant li. L. Abbott; and
2. The report of Brigadier General A. A. Hum-
phreys on the same subject, submitted to the Secre-
tary of War under date of May 31,1866.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on Printing was to strike out all after the word
" Resolved" and to insert:
That live thousand copies be printed for tho use of
the Seriate of the report of Ihigadier General A. A.
Humphreys on the subject of the levees of the Mis-
sissippi river, submitted to the Secretary of War
under date of May 31,1866.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
late superintendent of printing.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am also directed by the
Committee on Printing to report the following
resolution, and to ask for its present consider-
ation :
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be di-
rected to inquire if there be any deficit in the accounts
of the late Superintendent of Public Printing, and if
any purchases of paper or other material were made
by him in violation of law or willfully to tho prejudice
of the public interest.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. As it is probable that
it will be impracticable to pursue this investi-
gation at this session, I think it is only justice
to an officer who has been connected with the
