1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
241
Government .that I should read a letter from
him addressed tp in'e, which has induced nie
to offer this resolution:
Washington, March 20,1867.
Sir: Daring the past week tho newspapers have
contained statements concerning myself wbich'are
calculated to_ make an unfavorable infrpression upon
the public mind. I allude to the reporttbat X am a
defaulter to the Government; that I made heavy
purchases while in office in violation of law, &o.
Believing the'se reports to be willful perversions of
facts; knowing thern to be untrue in each and every
particular; confident of my ability to remove any
doubt of my integrity as an officer of the Govern-
ment; and feeling it to be due to the Government as
well as to myself that this matter should be exam-
ined into, I take the liberty to' ask you to do me the
favor to bring the subject before the honorable body
of which you are a member, that such an investiga-
tion may be had as will lead to the truth or falsity of
these rumors.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
C. WENDELL,
Late Superintendent of* Public Printing.
Hon. H. B. Anthony,
Chairman Committee on Printing.
There is upon our desks a communication
from the Congressional Printer, in reply to a
resolution of the House, which I suppose it is
not improper for me to refer to in this connec-
tion, in which it is stated that certain purchases
of paper were made in November last, and if
that paper had been purchased under the price
and at the weight of the last contract there
would have been a saving to the Government
of $72,000; and the impression has gone forth
that that amount was improperly given to
favored parties. A large portion of this $72,000
would have been saved by the reduction in the
weight of the paper. Under the last contract
the committee have reduced the weight of the
paper materially, which will make a saving to
the Government of forty or fifty thousand dol-
lars annually, and would make up perhaps
fifteen thousand dollars of this sum of $72,000.
The paper could not have been bought at that
time except under the old contract price, be-
cause the contractors agree to furnish all that
the Government wants, and the Government
agrees to take it at the contract price. If
paper is sold .upon a falling market, the Gov-
ernment loses; if upon a rising market, the
contractor^loses. At the time this paper was
bought the price in open market was about
two cents under the contract price, and it has
since fallen five ccnts more ; so that a large
portion of this sum could not have been saved,
because the Government was obliged to buy
the paper, and had contracted for the price of
it. Whether the Superintendent of Public
Printing bought more paper than he should
have bought is the subject of this inquiry. Upon
that I have no information, and of course can
give no opinion ; but I thought it was fair, as
this investigation is to be ordered, and as it
probably cannot be made at this session, that
his statement should go to the public with the
allegations that have been made against him.
The resolution was adopted.
SALE OF SHIPS TO BELLIGERENTS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to make a report from
the Committee on Commerce.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive it, if there be no objection.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on pom-
merce, to whom was referred a memorial of ship-
builders, ship-owners, merchants, and others of
New York, praying that the law be so amended
as to allow the sale and employment of Amer-
ican vessels by friendly belligerents, have di-
rected me to report a bill in accordance with
the prayer of the petitioners : and if there be
no objection, I will ask to put the bill on its
passage.
The bill (S. No. 04) declaratory of the law
in regard to the sale of ships to friendly bellig-
erents was read and passed to a second read-
ing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Michigan asks the unanimous consent
of the Senate to consider this bill at the pres-
ent time. „ . , ,,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the unfinished busi-
40th Cong. 1st Sess.—IS?o. K>.
ness is only laid aside inform^lyi and this bill
gives rise to no discussion, I have no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. I feel it my duty to state
here that this subject was referred 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If this bill is to lead to
■discussion, I must insist on going on with the
unfinished business.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not wish to discuss
it, but merely to make a statement. This
subject was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations and was considered by them
yesterday. The committee came to the con-
clusion that at this time, under the peculiar
circumstances of the case and bearing in view
pending negotiations and claims of the Uni-
ted States, it was not expedient to recommend
any legislation thereon. The committee did
not direct me to make any report on the sub-
ject, but the bill that was referred to them is
now on their files in the room below. I make
this statement that the Senate may be aware
that the subject has already had the consider-
ation of another committee. I do not intend,
however, at this moment to make any opposi-
tion.
Mr. CHANDLER. Thismemorial has been
before the Committee on Commerce since the
9th of February. How it came before another
committee I know not. It does not belong to
any other committee. It belongs to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and has been acted upon
by them. But as the bill may lead to discus-
sion I will allow it to go over, and give notice
that I shall call it up at an early day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will go upon the Calendar.
CLAIMS OF LOYAL TENNESSEEANS.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. Some
days ago I offered a resolution on the subject
of the payment of the loyal people of Tennes-
see for commissary and quartermaster stores
taken and used by the Federal Army during
the war, which was adopted. After the adop-
tion of the resolution my friend from Vermont
[Mr. Edmunds] moved a reconsideration with
a view to modify the language of the resolu-
tion. I have no objection to the reconsidera-
tion to the end that he may suggest the modi-
fication he desires. I simply ask to have the
subject referred to the committee, though I do
nut require any action at the present session.
I hope the Senate will proceed to the consid-
eration of the motion to reconsider.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on reconsidering the vote on the
adoption of the resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask that the resolution
be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows :
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be, and
they are hereby, instructed to inquire into the pro-
priety and expediency of paying the loyal people of
Tennessee for the commissary and quartermasters'
stores taken and used by the Federal Army in that
State during the late war, and to report a bill author-
izing the President of the United States to appoint,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, a
commission, consisting of three gentlemen, one of
whom at least shall be learned in the law, whoseduty
it shall be to investigate such claims for commissary
and quartermasters' stores taken and used by the
Federal Army during the late war as may be pre-
sented to them by the loyal people of Tennessee, and
authorizing said commission to give vouchers for tho
same in all cases where such claims are found to be
correct andjust.  
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend that
portion of the resolution requiring the com-
mittee to report a bill authorizing the appoint-
ment of a commission by striking out the word
" report'' and inserting " inquire into the ex-
pediency of reporting."
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I accept
the amendment of the Senator from Vermont.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
amendment of bankrupt law.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 95) to amend the act to establish a uni-
form system of bankruptcy throughout the
United States, approved March ? 1867 ; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. TRUMBULL: I ask for the reading .
of-the bill at length.
The Secretary read the bill. It proposes to
repeal the first clause of the second section of
the bankrupt law, which requires the appoint-
ment of registers in bankruptcy to be made
by the judges of the district courts upon the
nomination and recommendation of the Chief
Justice of the Supreme Court of the United
States. It is to be the duty of the several dis-
trict courts of the United States to appoint in
each congressional district within their respect-
ive districts one or more registers in bank-
ruptcy to assist the court and the judge in the
performance of their duties under the act, and
all the provisions of tho act in relation to
registers in bankruptcy are to apply to the
registers so appointed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall not ask to have
this bill referred. I will state that in introduc-
ing this bill I consider myself authorized to say
that it meets the approval of the Chief Justice,
who thinks that this is imposing an unusual
burden upon him, and it is with his approba-
tion and approval that I introduce it. 1 ask to
have it go upon the Calendar. I shall desire to
call it up as soon as an opportunity offers.
Mr. CONNESS and others. Call it up now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Several Senators say,
'' Let us pass i t now." If Senators will agree
to it, I should'like to have it considered.
Mr. FOWLER. I hope it will not be called
up at the present time.
Mr. POMEROY. The bill may be entirely
satisfactory to the Chief Justice, and yet not
satisfactory to everybody else. 0-
Mr. TRUMBULL. Verywell; letitgoupon
the Calendar.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the bill cannot be considered to-
day.
wrapping-paper.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to reconsider
the vote on the passage of House bill No. 72,
which was passed a short time ago. I wish to
have it reconsidered with a view to o ffer an
amendment from the Committee on Finance,
which, on a mopont's explanation, everybody
will agree to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
to reconsider the vote on the passage of the bill
(H. R. No. 72) to exempt wrapping-paper
made from wood or corn-stalks from internal
tax.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move to reconsider
the vote ordering the bill to a third reading.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If this is to lead to any
discussion I shall be compelled to insist on the
unfinished business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I presume there will be
no discussion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think the unfinished
business had better be disposed of one way or
the other.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer the following
amendment to the bill as an additional section
from the Committee on Finance:
Andbeit further enacted, That every national bank-
ing association, State bank, banker, or association
shall pay a tax of ten per cent, on the amount of the
notes of any town, city, or municipal corporation
paid out by them after the 1st day of May, 186r,to be
collected in themodeandmauiierin which the tax on
the notes of State banks is collected.
If any Senator wishes an explanation of the
amendment, I will send to the desk a letter
from the Comptroller of the Currency. It is
merely to extend the same tax to shinplasters
issued by certain southern cities that is im-
posed on the notes of State banks. Perhaps
the letter of the Comptroller had better be
read. That will explain it.
The Secretary read the letter, as follows:
Treasury Department,
Office of Comptroller of the Currency,
Washington, March 21,1807.
Dear Sir: Our National Bank Examiners in St.
Louis, Memphis, and New Orleans report that the
city authorities at those points issue scrip or "shin-
plasters," payable to bearer, to circulate as money.
Notices of thi =5 practice havo also appeared in print.
