242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
I inclose a printed slip out from a southern news-
paper, and also a letter from the German National
Bank of Memphis, in reference to the practice.
Scction sorenty-two of the internal revenue act,
passed March 3, 1865, and amended July 13, 1866,
imposes a tax of ten per cent, upon the notes of any
person, State bank, or State banking association,
paid out by any incorporated bank after August 1,
18(56.
But this is not broad enough to cover the case m
question. These cities can flood their respective sec-
tions with irredeemable shinplasters without limit-
ation. . .
I do not know of any way to prevent their issue
and circulation except by taxation, and I suggest
whether the subject is not one of sufficient importance
to warrant a special amendment to the act in order
to reach the case?
May I ask your consideration of this matter ?
Very respectfully yours,
H. R. IIULBURD, Comptroller.
Hon. John Sherman, United States Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend tlie
bill by adding the following as an additional
section:
A.nd be it further enacted, That ladders manufactured
in whole or in part from wood shallbe entitled to the
exemption provided tor in section eleven of the act
entitled "An act to amend existing laws relating to
internal revenue, and for other purposes," approved
March 2,1867, from and after the passage of this act.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is per-
haps ungracious to object to this amendment;
but there will be no end to these exemptions
if we begin to tolerate them in this manner.
I would have much preferred not to exempt
any kind of wrapping-paper with which this
bill commences. 1 think it is an article that
ought to be subject to tax; but having ex-
empted that made from straw, it was certainly
eminently proper that we should go on and
exempt that made from wood and corn-stalks.
Now, if the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Illinois, which is in substance a bill
that passed the House, shall be adopted, there
are more than fifty articles that can come in
with the same propriety. Ladders made of
wood is the subject. Those do not compete
with any other article. There are many things
which ought to be exempted in preference to
these. If we are going to exempt articles
made of wood, why not exempt^ shoe-pegs ?
Why not exempt furniture?1 Wo could go
into more than a hundred articles that have
claims paramount to this one. I hope, there-
fore, that the Senate will not adopt the propo-
sition ; and for another reason, that the rev-
enues 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I must insist on the
unfinished business, as this matter is leading
to debate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have but a
single word to say.
Th6 PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Vermont has the floor.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. When the Senator has
finished, another Senator will want to reply.
Mr. MORlllLL, of Vermont. _ The reve-
nues of the Department are diminishing day
by day, and there is not going to be anything
like the' amount that was anticipated, either
from customs or internal revenue. I think
that we cannot with any propriety diminish
the amount of revenue of the Government at
this session.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I must insist, as this
bill is evidently leading to a discussion, that
we shall go on with the unfinished business.
The unfinished business was only informally
laid aside to allow this proposition in regard
to shinplasters to pass, supposing it would take
no time; and now we have got xip^ the tariff
question. I must insist on the unfinished busi
ness, unless a vote can be taken without fur-
ther debate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope we shall be al-
lowed to take a vote on this bill. If not, I
shall move to postpone the unfinished busi-
ness. It is important that this bill should be
acted upon.
Mr. CONNESS. I intend, when the unfin-
ished business is taken up, to make a test ques-
tion on recommitting it to the committee, where
it ought to go.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; then I hope
we shall be allowed to finish this matter now.
The proposition to exempt ladders is rather a
small one I think.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator will
not object to it. I have a little statement that
I desire to submit in regard to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator will
not encumber this bill with it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
Ohio apd the Senator from Vermont will both
consent to it. I will state why I suppose this
bill passed the House. This is a House bill
that I have offered as an amendment, contain-
ing a single section 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As I have cut short the
honorable Senator from Vermont—and I can-
not cut short one Senator without insisting as
against others—I must insist on proceeding
with the unfinished business.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I will move that
the unfinished business be postponed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator has not
the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Illinois
has the floor.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No, the Senator from
Illinois has not the floor. The unfinished busi-
ness comes up.
Mr. CONNESS. Who has the floor ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I was entitled to the
floor on the unfinished business, and gave way
informally that certain matters might be dis-
posed of. „
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
did not understand that the unfinished business
was informally passed over. Motions were
made by unanimous consent to proceed to other
business, and the Senate accordingly proceeded
to consider many bills and motions. I under-
stand, though I may be wrong, that the unfin-
ished business of yesterday has gone over by
common consent, and can only be taken up by
a motion to that effect.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that be so, I will
proceed with my statement. I am in order I
suppose.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will state to the Chair
that when the Chair called up the unfinished
business I had the floor, and was about to make
a statement before withdrawing the amend-
ment that I offered yesterday. Gentlemen
appealed to me to give way informally for mat-
ters that would lead to no debate, and I have
repeatedly stated, as those questions came up,
that if they would not displace the unfinished
business, I was willing that they should be
taken up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will give
way for five minutes we shall get through with
this.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has stated his understanding, and it must be
appealed from to be got rid of.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not propose to
appeal from the decision.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then, I believe I am
entitled to the floor. I understand the reason
for passing this little bill was this : in the man-
ufacture of ladders it is the work that makes
them valuable ; nearly the whole value of the
ladder consists in making it; and \e have
exempted in the internal revenue law most
articles of wooden-ware; I think nearly all.
This matter was thought to be of sufficient
importance to authorize its exemption by the
House; and I have a letter explaining it which
I will read, as it is short:
Chicago, March S, 1867.
Dear Sik: In reading the amended ievenue tax
bill just passed I am surprised that ladders of all
kinds aro not included in thelist of articles exempted
from taxation, as about everything else made of
wood is included in the bill. Probably the article
was not thought of by any member of Congress, or it
would have been named in the list.
Within a few years past several factories have been
started in different cities of the Union, making the
manufacture of ladders an exclusive business, and
by this means this class of goods have been much
improved; but we have been so heavily taxed on all
materials used, as well as on the article when sold,
that it has been a precarious business. Now, that
the tax has been removed from the entire class of
wooden articles, with the exception of ladders, I
have felt that to ask you would so get your influence
to amend the law so as toincludeladdersof all kinds.
Hoping you will consider an amendment of the kind
an act of justice, and labor to secure it,
X am truly yours;* C. G. UDELL.
Hon. Norman B. Jcdd.
This gentleman is a manufacturer of ladders,
it seems, at Chicago. Most other wooden ar-
ticles have been exempted, and there can cer-
tainly be no distinction between this and the
making of barrels and churns and casks and
broom-handles and things of that kind. I
hope, as it is a small matter, the Senate will
suffer it to go on this bill, as they have made
an amendment to it, and the bill must go back
to the House at any rate. It can affect the
revenue but very little.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, called for a
division on the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senate will
adopt this amendment. If Senators will not
vote, I shall have to call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, as the yeas and
nays are to be called, I hope Senators will
undersfand this sufficiently to give their votes
upon it. We have exempted in the internal
revenue bill nearly every article of wooden-
ware from taxation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Great num-
bers we have not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Nearly all, the chief
value of which consists in the labor upon them.
It is so stated in this letter which I have just
read to the Senate, and I presume it is cor-
rect. Now, it is proposed to exempt ladders.
A bill for that purpose has passed the House
of Representatives. We have got up a bill
exempting wrapping-paper, which we have
amended. It has got to go back to the House
at any rate, and this is another bill that passed
the House exempting ladders. The House
was so well satisfied of the propriety of it that
they passed a separate bill on the subject. It'
may just as well be put on,here with wrapping-
paper, and disposed of in that way. The Sen-
ator from Vermont objects to it. I hope the
Senate will allow the manufacture of ladders
to be exempted from taxation, as casks and
churns and barrels and wooden brushes and
broom-handles and tanks and almost all things
made of wood are exempted, and certainly
there can be no reason why ladders should not
share the fate of the others. That is all there
is of it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is hardly
worth while on so small a question to argue it,
but we are constantly whittling away the re-
sources of the Treasury, so that at last there
will be but a very inconsiderable sum left.
Now, it is true that we have exempted some
articles of wooden-ware; many of them without
any propriety. It first began with exempting
casks, and then was extended to barrels, and
then to tubs and pails, and it has constantly
grown until it has in fact included the larger
proportion of manufactures made of wood; but
yet "there are many articles that are still left
subject to tax ; for instance, mop-handles ; and
I could mention many other articles. I do not
see why we should go on in this manner. I
know that it is very difficult for gentlemen to
resist the importunities of those who happen to
have an establishment in their districts that
ask for an exemption of taxation upon manu-
factures that exist there. It is through these
personal importunities that we are compelled
to make these various amendments reducing
the revenue. I trust that this amendment will
not be adopted, because if we adopt this we
must certainly go much further.
In relation to these ladders, there are many
of them that are made to be used in mercan-
tile establishments, and made with a good deal
of art, nicely finished; and therefore, if we ex-
empt ladders made of wood, we should exempt
all of that class. We have another class of
ladders that are made partly of wood and partly
of iron. The next claim that will come in will
be to exempt those. I trust we shall not adopt
the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mop-handles are usually
