1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
243
made partly of iron. These ladders, I believe,
are made entirely of wood.
Mr. MORRiLLj of Vermont. Many mop-
handles are made exclusively of wood.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, you can exempt
wooden mop-handles if you desire to do so.
I have no objection to it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not de-
sire it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to read over the
list of exemptions, as the Senator from Ver-
mont makes a point on this matter and*thinks
the revenues of the country will be lost if we
do not tax a ladder, a thing that is needed by
every farmer in the country. I know the policy
adopted in the Senate was to exempt articles
of this kind. Now, I will read over what is
made free:
Casks, churns, barrels, wooden-brushes, andbroom-
handles.
Broom-handles are in if mop-handles are
not.
Tank, and kitts made of wood, including cooper-
age of all kinds, bungs and plugs, packing-boxes,
nest-boxes, and match-boxes, whether made of wood
or other materials; wooden hames, plow beams,
split-bottom chairs, and turned materials for the
same, unmanufactured, and saddle-trees made of
wood, and match-boxes heretofore made on which a
tax has not been paid.
Horse-rakes, borse-powers, tedders, hames, scythe-
snaths, hay-forks, hoes, and portable grinding mills.
Potato-hooks, pitchforks, manure and spading
forks.
Pumps, garden engines, and hydraulic rams.
Sleds, wheelbarrows, and hand-carts, and fence
made of wood.
Now, sir, all these articles are exempted, and
certainly ladders come within the purview of
these articles. But the Senator from Vermont
gets up and gravely appeals to the Senate that
you are constantly diminishing the revenue.
Why, sir, we have a great deal more revenue
than we know what to do with.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. We shall not
have this year.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You have more money
in the Treasury than you know what to do
with; and you have got there now one hun-
dred and forty or one hundred and fifty mil-
lion dollars in cash. The people have de-
manded that there should be a reduction of
this taxation. But when a bill to exempt lad-
ders, which has passed the House, cotnes up
here, the Senator from Vermont insists that
the revenues of the country will be lost if we
agree to it. If the Senate think so they can
vote it down. I shall take up no more time
about it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will ask my
friend from Illinois if he will accept an
amendment which I will propose, to strike
out the word "ladders" and insert "all arti-
cles made of wood?"
Mr. TRUMBULL. Wooden-ware?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Wooden-ware.
I am sure all these are embraced in the argu-
ment, and I really do not see why, after the
long list of wooden manufactures exempted,
it should not apply to the whole as well as a
part.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. I should have no objec-
tion to that. That is not the House bill, but I
think it should be so, as I think it would em-
brace scarcely any other article.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then I move to
strike out "ladders" and to insert "all articles
manufactured of wood."
Mr. DIXON. I suggest to the Senator from
Illinois to include sewing-machines. They are
an important article that I think ought to be
exempted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine, which will be read.
The Secretary. In the second line of the
amendment it is proposed to strike out the
word "ladders" and insert "all "articlesso
as to read:
That all articles manufactured, in whole or in part,
from wood, shall be entitled to the exemption, &c.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That will not do.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Maine whether that will
include nutmegs madesfrom wood? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think it would.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator on my right
[Mr. Ferry] is anxious about it.
Mr. WILSON. And include wooden hams
also. [Laughter.]
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think the Senator from
Illinois, judging from his speech, did not in-
tend to have these articles exempted that were
made partly of iron, and I move to strike out
the words "in whole or in part" in his amend-
ment, and to insert the word " wholly;" so
that it will read, "that ladders manufactured
wholly from wood shall be entitled to the ex-'
emption," &c.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Illinois modifies his amendment in
that way.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think this is very
careless legislation, and I really hope the
amendment will not be adopted. I do not feel
disposed to argue it; but the disposition is very
strongto legislate hap-hazard, without knowing
where it is going or what it will touch one way
or the other, If a matter is brought in here
for a specific reason, which reason is given,
the disposition is on all these questions to
pile on something else, without knowing what
the effect is to be. I have heard the argument
before as to the surplus now in the Treasury,
and I do not feel disposed to discuss that. I
really think the Senate had better not legis-
late in the dark in this way, at hap hazard, in
making these exemptions from taxation. I
hope the amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust this whole propo-
sition will be voted down. I think it wrong to
legislate for a special purpose or for the benefit
of particular individuals in this way. I take
it that this is offered for the benefit of some
manufacturer in Chicago or along there. We
shall have our whole revenue system destroyed
if Senators come forward at a moment like this
with propositions for special cases. When we
legislate upon the currency or the revenue of the
country we should take time to deliberate upon
it. Every proposition like this interferes with
the whole system and affects the whole coun-
try. I trust that at this time at least, at the
end of the session, we shall not begin a new
system.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
of the Senator from Pennsylvania and the Sen-
ator from Maine if their argument does not go
to the whole bill. What is the bill? The bill
is to exempt a particular article which the Sen-
ator from Vermont is advocating. He is not
afraid that the Government will be bankrupted
and our revenues diminished if we exempt
wrapping-paper. He goes for that. That is
his bill. Now, I want to know if you can ex-
empt one article in that way, whether the argu-
ment of the Senator from Pennsylvauia does
not go to that as well as the other ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to ask the
Senator if there is not a difference. A motion
is made by the Senator from Vermont to
exempt one kind of paper made of one ma-
terial, because we have exempted another
kind of paper made of another material, with
which it would come in competition. That is
the reason given, and seems to be a fair reason.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The reason given here
is that you have exempted one kind of wooden-
ware, and why not another?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Bat do ladders come
in competition with churns or with wooden pails
or anything of that sort? If the Senator can
convince me of that I will go with him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will ask the Senator
from Maine if broom-handles come in com-
petition with broom-handles?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a different
question.
Mr; TRUMBULL. You have exempted
broom-handles.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And therefore, the
Senator says, we should exempt ladders! If
the Senator will prove that ladders come in
competition with broom-handles or churns, I
will yield to the force of the' argument.
Mr. TRUMBULL. _ If the Senate exempts
wooden-ware, the chief value of which con-
sists in the labor put upon, it, I want to know
if'ladders do not come within that reason?
The argument of the Senators who are alarmed
about the revenue goes to the whole bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply desire to make
a statement. These two propositions are not
very important; and that they are here I sup-
pose grows out of the fact that they have no
Committee of Ways and Means organized in
the House, and interested parties there move
that certain articles be exempted, and pass a
bill. The bill which was called up by the Sen-
ator from Vermont simply provides that where
wrapping-paper is made of wood it shall not
be taxed, as wrapping-paper made of straw is
free. That is just and proper; because the
tax is a discrimination against a new kind of
wrapping-paper which is being made out of
wood and other material. I think that is right,
although it is rather an insignificant matter,
and might just as well have been provided for
at the last session or the next session. I took
occasion, however, as this bill was pending, to
correct a very important abuse that has grown
up in the southern cities in supplying the peo-
ple with shinplasters. Now, the Senator pro-
poses to add an exemption in favor of ladders.
The Committee on Finance considered that
subject, and they thought it was too small to
enter upon at this session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How about this other
matter?
Mr. SHERMAN. That was a case of injus-
tice, where a discrimination was made against
wrappir.g-paper made of wood rather than of
straw; and therefore, although it was a small
matter, it was a case of injustice. All the peo-
ple who make ladders will pay the same tax,
and therefore there will be no injustice done,
and the matter may go over until the next ses-
sion. The whole thing is of but little impor-
tance, and I do not think we should waste time
on it. I presume at the next session we shall
be prepared to exempt ladders, and perhaps
many other things.
Mr. CAMERON. The argument in favor
of exempting paper made from wood is that
it is a new interest, scarcely yet understood.
But a few manufactories have been estab-
lished, and they are just beginning to make
the article. It comes in competition with
wrapping-paper made from straw, and it is
therefore right, inasmuch as that article is
exempt, that this should be exempt also. It
is not so with ladders. Anybody can make a
ladder. I suppose the Senator from Illinois
could make one himself if he had great need
for it. I believe I could do so certainly. But
the manufacture of paper from wood does
require relief, and it is right that it should
receive it until we understand the proper mode
of manufacturing the article.
The amendment was rejected.
The amendment of Mr. Sherman was ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had better
vote the bill down now.
The bill was passed.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the title
was amended by adding the words "and for
other purposes."
HEIRS OF JOHN E. BOULIGNY.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House joint
resolution No. 8, in reference to the Bouligny
Mr. FESSENKGN. That is very important,
and I think we had better take it up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will be remembered
