244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
that two days ago I got the attention of the
Senate to the House joint resolution suspend-
ing the operations of the commissioners who
are assessing damages for slaves enlisted in the
Array in certain States.
Mr. FE3SBNDEN. This is a very impor-
tant matter, and will take but a moment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was then put over at
the instance of the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Davis.] Yesterday theSenate was occu-
pied all day with other business, and it was
impossible to get attention to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You can take it up in
a few moments. This is very important, and
it is a House resolution.
Mr. WILLIAMS. This is also a resolution
suspending the operation of a bill passed at the
last session.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 8)
directing the Secretary of the Interior to sus-
pend the execution of a law passed by the
Thirty-Ninth Congress for the relief of the heirs
of John E. Bouligny.
The preamble recites that during the last
hours of the Thirty-Ninth Congress an act
was passed, without discussion, for the relief
of the heirs of John E. Bouligny, granting to
them land warrants for seventy-five thousand
eight hundred and forty acres of land ; and that
by the solemn judgment and decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States, after full
hearing, it was in the year 1853 adjudged that
the private land claim on which the act is based
was invalid, null, and void ; and that Mr. Jus-
tice Nelson, who delivered the opinion of the
court, declared that there was no record evi-
dence of any such land grant as was set up,
"that none had been produced, though a
thorough examination of the archives of that
date, both at New Orleans and Paris, had been
made, and no records could be found;" and
that it was also declared by Judge Nelson that
there was not the "slightest ground for the
claim set up" to a tract of land running back
from the Mississippi river to the Atchafalaya,
and that, at the most, the petitioners could
not claim, under any grant or survey, over two
thousand five hundred or three thousand acres,
instead of about half a million, the report
of which decision is found in 15 Howard's
Reports, page 14 ; and that this private land
claim, after full review by Hon. M. Bur-
chard, Solicitor of the General Land Office, in
1838, was declared as invalid and void; and
that this pretended private land claim had its
origin in 1717, and was a part of the celebrated
Mississippi scheme, with which John Law,
known for his connection with the South Sea
bubble, was a party ; and that to revive and
legalize this claim will revive and legalize claims
to the amount of many million acres ; and that
there is grave reason for believing that the act
was passed under a misapprehension of the
facts. For these reasons, the resolution directs
the Secretary of the Interior to suspend the
execution of the law until the further order of
Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that preamble
ought not to pass.
Sir. DRAKE. Certainly not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. When the bill the exe-
cution of which it is now proposed to suspend
was under consideration here, the Senator from
New York, not now a member of the body,
Judge Harris, explained it to the Senate. I
do not profess to understand it. I am not ob-
jecting to the resolution; but the recitals in
the preamble are not true. • The bill was ex-
plained to the Senate. Then there are a great
many recitals in the preamble that I know
nothing about. Perhaps the Senator from Ore-
gon has examined them and knows their truth;
but I happen to know personally that Judge
Harris investigated tlie case and made a state-
ment in regard to it when the bill was before
the Senate. I think the preamble had better
be stricken out.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I supposed the recitals
in the preamble were intended to refer to the
proceedings in the other branch of Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will not when passed;
it will then refer to the proceedings here as
well as there.
Mr. WILLIAMS. So far as I am concerned,
I have no particular fancy for any such pream-
ble. The only reason I did not report in favor
of striking out the preamble was because the
joint resolution having already passed the
House, I did not think it worth while at this
stage of the session to send the resolution back
to the House with any amendment. But the
preamble amounts to nothing, so far as any
practical elfect is concerned, and I am willing
to strike it out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend the
joint resolution by striking out the preamble.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. I should like, with regard
to this matter, to inquire of the honorable Sen-
ator from Oregon whether he knows from in-
vestigation that there are facts which justify
this suspension of an act of Congress.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will answer the Sen-
ator's question; but if he will excuse me,
I desire first to have a verbal amendment
made to the resolution, which is necessary in
consequence of the preamble having been
stricken out. It now reads:
That tbe Secretary of tho Interior be directed to
suspend tho execution of said law until tho further
order of Congress.
I move to strike out the words " said law "
and insert the title of the act with the date of
its approval.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. That
amendment will be made, no objection being
interposed.
Mr. DRxVICE. I wish to know from the
honorable Senator from Oregon whether from
any investigation which the committeeliasmade
he is satisfied that the public interests require
the suspension of action under this act of Con-
gress, or whether the committee has acted
merely upon the allegations contained in the
preamble which tho House of Representatives
has adopted and sent to us. That is a point
upon which I desire information.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not know that it
can be regarded as a compliment to the com-
mittee to suppose that it has reported back this
joint resolution and recommended its passage
without any exemption, and simply because
the preamble to the resolution contains cer-
tain recitals. I will say to tho honorable Sen-
ator that the committee did examine the rec-
ords and evidence submitted in this case, and
came to the conclusion that the public inter-
est and justice to the Government demanded
the passage of the joint resolution now before
the Senate; and I will make a brief statement
of some of tho.grounds upon which the com-
mittee reached this conclusion.
I hold in my hand a statement on behalf of
the heirs of J. B. Bernard Dauterive, praying
forthe confirmation of a land claim in Louisiana
called the "Bayou Goula Concession," which
statement was made to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims of the House of Representa-
tives. This statement, which consists not only
of a narration of facts but an argument in
favor of the claim, is as strong for the peti-
tioners, no doubt, as the facts would warrant;
and upon this "statement" it is very easy, in
the view of the committee', to demonstrate that
the bill which was passed at the last session
of Congress was founded in a great mistake,
and that it would work manifest injustice to
the Government.
In 1717 the Mississippi Company, who had
a charter from the King of France, made a
concession to one Duvernay, which concession
was located at some point upon the Mississippi
river above the city of New Orleans; but there
is no evidence in this record as to the exact
location or boundary of that concession or
grant. So far as that concession is concerned,
it is correctly described in the opinion of the
Supreme Court in a case reported in 15
Howard ; and I will simply refer to that opin-
ion, and read one or two extracts, to show
the view of the Supreme Court as to the con-"
cession -made to Duvernay. The eourt say:
"As it respects the first ground of title, the grant
to Duvernay in 1717, no record of it has been pro-
duced, and after a thorough examination of the
archives of that date, both at Ncw Orleans and at
Paris, and in the appropriate ofiices for the deposit
of such records, none can be found. The only proof
furnished is to be found in the historical sketches
given to the public of the first settlement of Louisi-
ana by the French Government, under the direction
of the"*\Y extern or Mississippi Company, together
with some documentary evidence relating to the set-
tlement of the plantation by Duvernay through his
agents, such as powers of attorney and some inter-
mediate transfers of the titles in the course of tho
agency. But unfortunately neither the historical
sketches nor documentary evidence furnish any in-
formation as to the extent of the grant or its bound-
aries."
That statement of the Supreme Court is
entirely borne out by the evidence submitted
"to the committee. Nowhere does it appear
what the extent or boundaries of the grant
were. In another place the Supreme Court
say:
"And in the second place, tho tract claimed as de-
rived from Duvernay is without boundaries or loca-
tion. The only description that has been referred to,
or which we have been able to find_ after a pretty
thorough search even in the historical records, is
that it was a grant of a large tract upon the right
branch of the Mississippi river, opposite Bayou
Maneliac, a point some thirty leagues above New
Orleans."
The Supreme Court, in referring to tlmt.
grant made by the Mississippi Company to
Duvernay, say that there is no evidence as to
its location, but the statement is that it is lo-
cated somewhere on the Mississippi river above
the city of New Orleans; and that there is no
evidence as to the boundaries of that conces-
sion. No evidence was ever submitted to any
tribunal as to the grant, and the only testimony
in regard to it is derived from the allusions
made in the history of the early settlement of
Louisiana to such a concession; but it is as-
sumed, and no doubt is true, that the Missis-
sippi Company did make a certain grant to
this man Duvernay. The "statement" of
these claimants to the Committee on Private
Land Claims of the House assumes that the
concession to Duvernay extended four leagues
up and down the Mississippi river, and back
four leagues to the Atchafalaya river, so that
according to the statement made in the petition
the grant consisted of a tract of land about
twelve miles square.
The committee to whom this subject was
referred at the last session of Congress as-
sumed that the heirs of Dauterive were enti-
tled to the whole of the grant made to Duver-
nay, which, according to this ''statement,"
consisted of twelve miles square of land lying
on the Mississippi river, and reported a hill
providing that the heirs of Bouligny should
have one sixth of that tract of land. If that
be true that the petitioners are entitled to that
entire tract of land according to the concession
made to Duvernay, then the bill that was passed
at the last session ought not to have passed, in
the judgment of the present committee, for the
reason that the bill of the last session assumed
that this tract of land twelve miles square con-
tained 455,040 acres of land, and the bill pro-
vides that one sixth of that, 75,840 acres, shall
be granted to the heirs of Bouligny. It is per-
fectly manifest that in this there was a great
mistake, for if that concession be a tract twelve
miles square, then, according to the judgment
of the committee, there can be in that tract
only 92,100 acres of land instead of 455,040
acres. The tract only contains 92,160 acres,
because there are but 640 acres in a square
mile, and the tract being twelve miles square
or 141 square miles, 040 multiplied by 144 gives
92,1 GO as the number of acres. The bill of
last session proposes to give, as one sixth of
that tract, to the heirs of Bouligny more than
75,000 acres of land, when the whole tract does
not contain exceeding 100,000 acres of land.
Taking the statement made in this petition,
granting to the petitioners all they claim in it,
they cannot make out that they are entitled
