1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
altogether to more than 100,000 acres of land,
and yet the bill assumes that within that tract
4here are 455,040 acres of land.
Mr. DRAKE. I am satisfied.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Well, Mr. President, I
pro ceed^ further. I wish to show an additional
reason for the action of the committee at this
time. Extraordinary as it may seem, the peti-
tioners in this case do not claim according to
the Duvernay claim; but the facts are that
- after Louisiana passed from the hands of the
French to the Spaniards, the Spanish Governor,
0'Keilly, reduced this concession, after it had
heen conveyed to Dauterive, to the extent of
twenty arpents front upon the Mississippi
river. Subsequently Unzaga, the Spanish
Governor who succeeded O'Reilly, returned
to Dauterive twenty more arpents, making
a tract of land forty arpents in extent upon
the Mississippi river, and, according to the
claim of the petitioners, extending back to the
Atchafalaya river twelve miles. Now, to show
tliat the present committee is not mistaken, I
wish to refer simply to what is claimed here.
Ireadfrom the "statement" of the petitioners:
" The concession as made to Paris Duvernay, and
acquired by Dauterive, had four leagues front on the
Mississippi, and rail back to the Atchafalaya. The
claimants derive their information in relation to this
extent of the grant from a Written statement by
Dauterive himself. It would perhaps be possible to
a.<-ceitain the locality of the original grant by dis-
covering the situation of another grant made on the
2d Juno, 1769, to Louis Dutisne, which is stated to be
bounded by Dauterive, and which is recorded on
foiio 214 of the record of French concessions in this
lan d oilice._ But the size of this original grant is not
now a subject of material inquiry, as the present
claim is made under a confirmation by Governor
Unzaga.
" On the 16th of August, 1769, O'Reilly arrived at
Sew Orleans, (1 Martin's History, 362.) and after hav-
ing' reduced the inhabitants of that city to passive
obedience, he visited in the middle of the month of
December the settlements on the Mississippi as far
as X'ointe Coupe, (2 Martin's History, 16.) It seems
that he there treated the property ot the colonistsin
despotic a manner as he had previously treated
their persons. He reduced Dauterivc's land to
twenty arpents. It was an act of brutal violence,
■which could confer or destroy no right; but the
claimants are compelled to submit to the elfeets of
O'Reilly's order. These observations are made only
to guard against any misconstruction ot their present
application, which is only for the confirmation of so
irneh of Ihe original grant as O'Reilly and Unzaga
consented to leave to them."
This petition is full of statements to that
effect, that they only claim according to the
confirmation made by Unzaga. When Un-
zaga became Governor of the Territory of
Louisiana he declared that Dauterive should
have a tract of land extending forty arpents
up and down the Mississippi river, and he
ordered one Andry to survey that tract, which
survey was made and returned to Unzaga, and
approved by him, and that survey only shows
tliat Dauterive is entitled to a tract of land of
tliis width upon the Mississippi, and extending
back to the Atchafalaya river, a distance of
twelve miles ; and it is only for the confirma-
tion of this claim that the petitioners make
application to Congress, and they expressly
repudiate any claim founded upon the Duver-
nay grant, because that grant never was bounded
or surveyed; no one ever knew its extent, and
it lias never been recognized by any subsequent
Government; itwasnotrecognized by the Span-
ish Government, and has not been recognized
by the American Government. Now, assum-
ing that the present claimants are entitled to
one sixth of this grant, supposing it to be a
mile wide upon the Mississippi river, and to
extend back to the Atchafalaya river, a dis-
tance of twelve miles, the whole amount of
land embraced within those boundaries would
only be eight thousand and eighty acres, and
one sixth of that would be thirteen hundred
an d forty-six acres of land; so that according
lo their own showing, by a simple application
of arithmetic to the representations made in
the ''statement" of the petitioners, they are
only entitled to thirteen hundred and forty-six
acres of land, if they are entitled to anything,
instead of to seventy-five thousand eight hun-
dred and forty acres, as provided for in the
bill passed at the last session of Congress; and
the committee do not intend, as I understand
by this report, to express any conclusive opin-
ion as to the right of these petitioners to these
thirteen hundred and forty-six acres of land,
but they believe the bill passed at the last ses-
sion of Congress is founded in a gross mistake
and works great injury to the Government,
and therefore its operation ought to be sus-
pended until the further order of Congress. It
may be a subsequent question, and it is a ques-
tion about which, I must confess, there are still
grave doubts as to whether these heirs are en-
titled to these thirteen hundred and forty-six
acres.
Mr. JOHNSON. IPI recollect aright, when
the bill the execution of which we are now
asked to suspend was pending before this body,
it was stated by the honorable Senator from
New York, not now with us, that he had exam-
ined the whole subject very carefully, and that
the right we were about to recognize was, in
his opinion, a very clear one. I think he stated
that the claim had been more than once reported
upon favorably by committees of each branch,
and that bills had been reported in each branch
confirming the title, and passed by each branch;
but they had failed to become laws because of
the want of time in the respective branches to
concur with each other at the same session.
From what the honorable member from New
York staled, and from my recollection of the
case in 15 Howard, I think the honorable mem-
ber from Oregon and the committee in whose
behalf he acts are laboring under a great mis-
apprehension as to the decision of the Supreme
Court to which he has referred. The case came
before the Supreme Court under the act of 1834.
The terms of that act referred exclusively to
equitable titles, leaving legal titles to stand upon
the general law.'
The case with relation to this grant as it
came to the Supreme Court, and as reported
in 15 Howard, was held by the court, if I rec-
ollect aright, to be a legal and not an equita-
ble title, and that being a legal and not an
equitable title, the court had no jurisdiction
over it. Mr. Justice Nelson gave the opinion
of the court coming to that result; but he went
on, extra-judicially, to express an opinion of
his own in part upon the validity of the title
itself irrespective of the inquiry whether it was
an equitable or a legal title. I have not read
his opinion lately; but I have a recollection
that when I did read it he failed to satisfy me
that he was right.. But however that is, Mr.
Justice Curtis. Mr. Justice McLean, Mr. Jus-
tice Campbell, and another judge, one I believe
speaking for all the dissentients, stated that it
was not to be understood that the Supieme
Court had formed, or that it was right to ex-
press, any opinion upon the title ; and from the
manner in which that statement is made in the
report upon the authority of the dissenting
judges, 1 am strongly inclined to the opinion
that in their view the title was a valid one. but
not one to be passed upon by them for the reason
I have stated, that their authority was only to
examine into equitable and not legal titles.
Now, Mr. President, upon, not a hasty ex-
amination, as the chairman states, but upon
the examination of a very eminent professional
man, we passed almost unanimously, I believe,
the law which we are now asked to suspend;
and we are now, at the last days of the session,
asked to suspend it upon the ground that we
made a mistake. Who says we made a mis-
take? The House of Representatives, in pass-
ing that preamble, tells us that we have made
a mistake, and we have stricken the preamble
out. It seems to me to be rather reflecting
upon the Senate, however the House would
have been justified for itself, to tell us, as they
virtually do by this preamble, that we did not
know what we were about when we passed that
bill. How do they propose to correct the as-
sumed error? Not by providing that the law
is not to be executed until Congress shall
have an opportunity of repealing it, if they
shall think it ought to be repealed, upon the
ground that it never should have passed ; but
we are asked to suspend the provision of the
act altogether until Congress shall declare
that it be executed.
Now, what is the effect of that? The Sen-
ate may, upon examination, be satisfied that
the title was a valid one; the House of Repre-
sentatives may think differently ; and although
we may think it was a valid title, and conse-
quently that the law wHich we are about to
suspend ought not to be suspended, but ought
to be executed, and upon thorough and mature
examination come to that result, we are placed
in a situation in which we shall be restrained
from doing what is right unless the other branch
concu* with us in saying that the law ought to
be executed.
I object, therefore, if anything be done sus-
pending the operation of this law, to the man-
ner in which we are now asked to do it. If
the honortrble member would amend the reso-
lution so as to provide that the law shall not
be executed until Congress shall have had an
opportunity to repeal it at the next session, it
would not be so obnoxious to objection; but
to place our sense of justice in the keeping of
the House of Representatives, and that, too,
upou the faith, in part, of a preamble which is
not true, in relation to the decision of the Su-
preme Court, seems to me to be entirely
wrong.
Of the merits of the title, I repeat that I
know nothing except as I collected them from
the honorable member from New York, and
from my recollection of what was said in rela-
tion to the title by Mr. Justice Nelson. I am
willing to believe, and do believe, notwith-
standing the opinion of Mr. Justice Nelson,
that the title is a valid one; and I am more
inclined to believe it, because, in addition to the
statement of the honorable member from New
York that it was valid, as 1 understand what
fell from the judges who dissented from that
part of the opinion of Mr. Justice Nelson,
they were under the impression that it was a
valid title.
If the honorable member from Oregon will
adopt the suggestion I have made, that the
law be suspended until the termination of the
next session of Congress, so that Congress
may have an opportunity to repeal it, I shall
vote for it; and if he does not accept the sug-
gestion to so modify it, I ask him to permit the
bill to lie on the table until' the morning, that
I may propose an amendment to that effect,
and that I may in the mean time examine the
decision in 15 Howard, to which he adverted.
There can bo no harm in that, I am sure. I
can assure the honorable member that I will
examine it by to-morrow morning, and be
ready either to abandon all objection to the
form in which this resolution comes from the
other branch, or to prepare an amendment
to effect the object which I have just stated.
I move, therefore, that the further considera-
tion of the resolution be postponed until to-
morrow.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope the honorable
Senator from Maryland will not labor under
any misapprehension as to the position of the
present Committee on Private Land Claims;
and I advise him that it is not because the
Supreme Court has made any decision that
they report in favor of the joint resolution now
before the Senate; and I wish to satisfy the
honorable Senator, as I can do in one minute,
from the statement of the petitioners them-
selves, that the bill of the last session ought
no£ to have passed, notwithstanding all that
has heretofore been said and done in reference
lo the subjcct. I call the attention of the hon-
orable Senator to this statement from the
petition of these heirs; and of course they
would not state the ease against their own in-
terest ; they say in the document from which
I have already read:
"We ore thusbrought to the important question,
How much of the original of 1717 was left to Dauterive
by O'Reilly ancl Unzaga ? In 1772 Andry, the Gover-
nor's surveyor, was directed to survey Dauterive's
land. Governor Unzaga having consented to leave
him in possession of forty instead of twenty arpents
front. Andry went on the land, examined the im-
provements, a road of four leagues in length, which
had been made on the grant, and reported to the
Governor that they had surveyed for Dauterive forty-
four instead of forty arpents in a certain locality. All
this was expressly approved by Governor Unzaga;
