1867.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
247
these Indians, but is going into the hands of
agents and speculators, who are merely pursu-
ing their private claims and trying to have those
funds sold for the sake of putting money into
their own pockets. If that is the state of the
fact I should like to know it, and I should
like to know what the justice of their claims is.
If that is_the case, it calls for an explanation;
and if it is not the case and the facts be sub-
stantially as I have stated them, there is no
reason in the world why we should* not give
the authority to raise the money necessary to
support these Indians and give them what is
due to them out of any funds wc have in our
hands belonging to the rebel tribe.
Mr. POMEROY. As I understand the case,
the Senator from Maine gave the exact version
for it; but with regard to his last remark, in
relation to agents, 1 will say that I never heard
of any agents in connection with this claim. I
never heard the objection that this money is
not going to the Indians. So far as I know,
and so far as I believe, it will all go to the
Indians where it belongs. I know nothing to
the contrary, and I never heard anything to
the contrary.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator from Maine
has stated the case clearly and exactly, I think,
according to the facts as they exist, except
that he has made one omission, and that is
this: according to his information the case has
not been examined. There were commission-
ers appointed by the President to go down
among these people and examine the claim of
each loyal person who had been driven out.
That commission went to the vicinity of the
location of these refugee Indians near Fort
Smith %nd Port Gibson, and there took tes-
timony, as I understand, in the presence of
attorneys for the tribes, some three attorneys
appearing for one of the tribes, and five attor-
neys, I think, appearing for the other. After
this testimony had been taken one of the com-
missioners went down into the lands owned by
the tribes proper, consulted with the governor
of each tribe, as they call the chiefs of the
Choctaws and Chickasaws, and the governor
of the tribe introduced additional rebutting
testimony, examining specifically every case,
and where the governor had doubt of the valid-
ity of a claim, introducing rebutting testimony.
This much is due to the facts as to the in-
vestigations that have been had. These com-
missioners have reported the testimony, with
their conclusions as to the amount due to each
one of these loyal Indians, and that report is
now before the Secretary of the Interior. As
I understand, the Secretary has not reviewed
the testimony, and has not ultimately awarded
the amount found to be due by the commission-
ers. The Indians or attorneys for them, as I
understand, have asked the Secretary of the
Interior to review the whole case; and to ena-
ble him to do so the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs have proposed an amendment to this joint
resolution, which has been adopted and is now
a part of the resolution, authorizing the Secre-
tary to review the whole case, and if in his
opinion !f should be necessary, of course to
send it back to the ground where the witnesses
live in order that the whole case may thus be
reviewed. But the only question for the Sen-
ate to decide, it seems to me, is whether the
provision of the treaty shall be carried into
effect as originally intended, and whether the
disloyal portion of the Choctaws and Chicka-
saws shall pay the damages which they inflicted
on the lands and stock of the loyal part of those
tribes that were driven north. They have
agreed to do it, and do not object to doing it
to-day. They do not, as I understand, object
to the conversion of these bonds; but they
merely claim that the Secretary of the Interior
must l-eview the case, and ascertain whether
the award made by the commissioners is too
great or not. It is larger than they had ex-
pected ; but this grows out of the fact that there
were more Choctaws and Chickasaws driven
north than they supposed. They being more
in number, and having lost more property on
account of their being more of them who were
driven north than they had supposed, of course
augments the amount.
I do not know whether any part of this
money will go to anybody else than Indians or
not. The rule of the Department has been,
and I suppose is now, and will continue to be,
not to pay one dollar of any such award to any
other person than the Indian or individual him-
self. The money, I doubt not, will be here-
after, as it has been heretofore, paid to_ the
Indian himself, who is the claimant; and if he
chooses to pay a part of that money to an
attorney for advice after he receives it, of course
the Government cannot control it. That they
have employed legal advisers I suppose is true;
but if the Secretary of the Interior carries out
what has been the rule of the Department
heretofore, and I doubt not as now, he will
pay the money to the Indians, and when once
put into their hands they will of course do as
other men do who collect claims.
Mr. SHERMAN. I want a little informa-
tion from the honorable Senator in regard to
the article of the treaty. If this money was
intended for the relief from pressing distress
of the loyal Indians who were driven out, and
was to be used in that way, I could not resist
the application, because the treaty provides
for the payment of these claims; but this
money is due in the nature of damages to par-
ticular Indians. It does not go to the Indian
tribe, or even to the loyal Indians, but goes to
particular Indians whose property was de-
stroyed or injured, and also goes to other per-
sons named, Heald & Wright, traders, whose
property it is alleged was destroyed. It is not
probable that the. money paid under this ar-
rangement will go for the relief of the Indians;
but very likely the claims have been assigned,
and are now in the hands of assignees.
Mr. HARLAN. I can only say as to that
that the Department has always heretofore
refused to recognize any agent or attorney in
transactions of this kind.
Mr. SHERMAN. In cases of assignment?
Mr. HARLAN. Such claims cannot bo
assigned properly under the laws of the Uni-
ted States. I think there is a law prohibiting
the payment of money due to Indians to any
attorney. It can only be paid either to the In-
dian himself directly, or through the agent
appointed by the President of the United
States, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, who gives bond for the faithful per-
formance of this duty, with securities, as any
other disbursing officer of the Government.
Mr. SHERMAN. The treaty is so worded
that it does not confine the payment to Indians.
It authorizes the payment of these claims, and
authorizes their payment from any moneys
of the nation in the hands of the United States,
as the commission may award. It does not
confine the payment to Indians ; and there is
nothing in the public laws that I know of to
prevent any Indian assigning liis claim. Then
a large portion of the money is to go to Joseph
E. Heald and Reuben Wright, who stand in
the position of other claim agents.
Mr. HARLAN. I know nothing of the
holders of the claims of these traders ; but I
think there is no controversy over that matter.
When that treaty was made the delegates of
these Indian tribes were perfectly willing to
pay these traders, as they said, For provisions
which were in the Territory^ when the war be-
gan, and which the authorities of these tribes
seized and used. The traders were unable to
go North; and although they had no legal
claim, the Indians were perfectly willing to
pay them a certain amount, and there was no
controversy over it, except that a maximum
was fixed beyond which payment should not
be made.
The PRESIDENT j)ro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio,
to recommit the joint resolution to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
The question being put, the motion was
declared to be not agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the motion to recommit, and I hope
the motion will be agreed to. I have heard a
great deal that has been said on the subject.
When it was first discussed yesterday I was
disposed to vote with the honorable Senator
who has charge of the resolution £Mr. Pome-
roy] and with my friend who sits behind me,
[Mr. Harlaj?;] but I am entirety satisfied
now that it is one of those cases which ought
to be very thoroughly examined before we
take any further step in the matter. So far as
the loyal Indians, who are proposed to be the
beneficiaries, are concerned, I should be will-
ing to make any appropriation for their ben-
efit ; but there is more than that contained in
this proposition, as I believe. I believe the
Indians are not all the parties to be benefited
by the passage of this resolution and by the
additional indorsement of this claim. I am
convinced that it ought to have a thorough
investigation before we give it further indorse-
ment, and I hope that will be done.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator may not be
aware that it has been before the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CONNESS. I am quite aware of it,
and I have.great confidence in that commit-
tee ; otherwise I would not propose to refer it
again.
Mr. POMEROY. They reported this res-
olution only three days ago unanimously.
Mr. CONNESS. I am aware of that; but
they did not go down to the marrow of this
case in their recent investigation of the sub-
ject. This claim has grown, or that upon
which it was founded, until it has become a
mammoth one.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator may not
be aware that the Senator from Wisconsin has
withdrawn the amendment which.refers to that
question, and this resolution has nothing to do
with the old claim.
Mr. CONNESS. It is unpleasant to me to
support this motion, because I have no want
of confidence in the honorable Senators who
are advocating this measure; but I think safety
requires that we should recommit it for inves-
tigation. I think it is being urged by persons
who are more deeply interested in it than
Indians.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like
to ask the Senator from California what pre-
cise point he desires to have examined by the
committee? Is it to be recommitted for any
special purpose ?
Mr. CONNESS. I desire the merits of the
entire question to be examined before any
further indorsements of it. be had by action
here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Senator
misapprehends ; probably he did not hear the
remarks I made this morning. This has no
sort of connection with that old claim to
which he refers. It arises under a different
treaty. All the discussion of yesterday upon
that old claim was entirely out of place, and
had no sort of connection with this question.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was then pending.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It came up then on an
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Wisconsin, which has now been withdrawn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It has nothing
to do with the question as it is now presented.
Mr. CONNESS. Well, Mr. President, upon
a subject that I am not exactly informed upon,
and which Senators like those who rise before
me profess to be exactly informed upon, it is
very difficult for me to persist; and I withdraw
my persistence in this case. I have great con-
fidence in those Senators; but it would give me
much more pleasure and satisfaction as a Sen-
ator here to see an investigation made before
this measure is passed. Nevertheless, my de-
fense is due to those Senators to this extent,
and I withdraw the call for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion to recommit has been decided in the nega-
tive.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to amend the
joint resolution by adding as a new section:
And be it further resolved, That if the Secretary of
the Interior shall not approve or confirm the awards
