1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the Government was in aft, and that man
cannot be property. There is hardly a civil-
ized nation on eartli, certainly none of the
States of the United States of America, that
has not recognized the existence of property
in African slaves. I have before me the cel-
ebrated case of Somerset, decided by Lord
Mansfield in 1772. In that decision Lord
Mansfield recites again and again that a cen-
tury before Sir Philip Yorke, then attorney
general, and Lord Talbot, solicitor general,
two of the ablest men, he said, of that or of
any age, had held that slavery existed in Eng-
land. In this very case of Somerset he de-
cides explicitly, in the plainest terms, that
slavery then existed in England; that there
were seventeen thousand slaves at that time in
Great Britain, worth seventy-five pounds each ;
and he says, in the plainest language, that if
Somerset had been sold as a slave the obli-
gation to pay the money would have been sus-
tained as a legal obligation, and judgment
would have been rendered upon it in his own
court. 1 will read a short paragraph from
that decision:
"The question is, if the owner had arighttodetain
the slave for the sending of him over to be sold in
Jamaica."
I will state the facts in the case. Somerset
was a slave born in the colony of Virginia.
From Virginia he was taken to Jamaica or one
of the West India Islands, and from that
island he was taken by his owner to England.
The owner afterward determined to take Som-
erset back to Jamaica as a slave, and some
persons interfering with him in his purpose in
England he placed Somerset on board of a
ship in the Thames. A friend of Somerset
sued out a writ of habeas corpus directed to
the captain of the ship to show cause before
Lord Mansfield in the Court of King's Bench
why he detained Somerset. The captain, Cap-
tain Knowles, reported these facts to Lord
Mansfield, and Lord Mansfield decided ex-
pressly that slavery existed in England ; that
Somerset was a slave; that if Somerset had
been sold aud a bond executed for the con-
sideration money the laws of England would
have held that a valid contract upon a valid
consideration, and that his own court would
have sustained the obligation and have rendered
judgment upon it. What principle then did
he decide? He decided simply this : that there
were laws in operation in England at that
time that would prevent the owner of Somer-
set from taking him from that island to one of
the colonial possessions of Great Britain as a
slave, and therefore he granted the writ of
habeas corpus. -Here is what Lord Mansfield
says:
"The question is, if the owner had a rightto detain
the slave for the sending of him over to bo sold in
Jamaica.. In five or six cases of this nature I have
known it to be accommodated by agreement between
the parties. On its first coming before mo I strongly
recommended it here; but if the parties will have it
decided, we must give ouropinion. Compassion will
not, on the one hand, nor inconvenience on tho
other, bo to decide; but tho law : in which the diffi-
culty will be principally from the inconvenience on
both sides. Contract for sale of aslave is good here:
the sale is a matter to which the law properly and
readily attaches, and will maintain the price accord-
ing to the agreement."—Loft's Reports, page 17.
We have heard a great deal of misrepre-
sentation about this celebrated case of Somer-
set, and, in the language of Curran, that Lord
Jlanslield decided that slavery could not exist
in England; that the moment a slave touched
that soil he stood redeemed, regenerated, and
disenthralled by the irresistible genius of uni-
versal emancipation. Sir, that was only a grand
rhetorical flourish ; there was no truth in it.
There were in England at that time seventeen
thousand slaves. I have traced the history of the
subject of slavery in England, and it had existed
there for more than a hundred years. Slaves
had been bought and sold there. They had
been distributed as assets among the distribu-
tees of a decedent who owned them. The
slave trade had been recognized in various
forms. But I am not going into that subject.
I read this decision merely to show that if
Somerset had been sold on a credit by his owner
to a subject of Great Britain in the island of Eng-
land, and if when the note for the considera-
tion money fell due it had not been paid, and a
suit' had been instituted in the court of King's
Bench where Lord Mansfield wasthe presiding
judge, he himself solemnly said the law would
attach an obligation to him and would require
the money to be paid by judgment; atid there
were many casesof that kind.
I have here various opinions given in this
country. I am not going to read them. I will
merely refer to them. 1 have the decision in
the case of Prigg vs. Pennsylvania. I have
the decision of the case arising in the State of
Ohio. I have other decisions, all recognizing
the fact that property exists in slaves in any
Ststte that chose to .establish the institution.
There never was a court of the United States
or of a State that decided the contrary until
this war commenced. You may take the decis-
ions of all the circuit courts, and especially
the circuit courts in the western States, where
questions connected with slavery were of fre-
quent occurrence; you may take the decisions
of all the State courts from Wisconsin to Mas-
sachusetts, including the judgment of Judge
Shaw, and the unanimous decision of the su-
perior court of Massachusetts; and they all
recognize the existence of property in slaves
in the States that chose to establish the insti-
tution. I will not read any of these cases.
But, sir, all the courts of the United States
that have passed upon the subject recognize
property in slaves just as in any other subject
of property, so far as it concerns the States or
the countries which have established that insti-
tution. That the honorable Senator will not
deny.
Now, Mr. President, when the Government
chooses by its own law to enter up its solemn
promise that where slaves are enlisted it will
pay, if the enlistment is voluntary, to the loyal
owner $300, and where the Senate and .Con-
gress in two or three forms affirmed that prop-
osition, I ask if the Senate ought to consider
now this subject of a repudiation of such an
obligation.
I might as well state my own experience in
relation to slavery in a few simple words. At
the beginning of the war I owned eighteen
slaves, or rather I was owned by eighteen slaves,
[laughter,] for I had to do a great deal more
work than any of them did. I had two men
that enlisted; and I will state the circum-
stances under which I became their owner. I
owned the wife of one and his children. His
wife and he importuned me to purchase him.
I did buy him for the sum of SI,000; and in
a year or two he went free because he enlisted
into the Army and became a soldier. He never
reimbursed me for the amount of money which
I paid for him.
I had another man who enlisted in the Army.
I bought him when he was some six or seven
years of age, and I made a house boy of him.
Like all house boys, he did not do much work.
Well, sir, after awhile the war commenced;
the drum beat; and it summoned recruits, and
negro recruits. This young fellow, that 1 had
given $G00 for when he wjis six or seven years
old, took it into his head that he would turn
soldier; and he did turn soldier. Now, I ask
you, sir, if I have not a claim upon my coun-
try for the bounty which it promised me?
But that is not all. I have not got done with
my experience in relation to slaves ypt. This
boy had a mother, and he induced his mother
to desire to have the same home. Upon his
importunity and her importunity I purchased
her;. and 1 gave S900 for her. Well, she was
a youn" woman and was having children, and
she had four or five children, during which time
anybody who knows anything of raising negroes
and family negroes will know she was not ol
much value to me. She had a free husband,
who lived pretty much upon me. [Laughter.]
He used to come there every night, burn my
fuel all night, and eat my bacon,_ corn, and
potatoes. [Laughter.] After awhile he took
it into his head that he would become a soldier,
too. He did so. She- had four likely young
children. She had never rendered me as muoh
service as would pay her expenses ; bnt- under,
the bill of the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] freeing the wives and
children of soldiers who went into tho-Army,
her husband came and claimed that she and
all her children were free ; and away they went. -
[Laughter.]
Then this man that I bonght, for $1,000 had
a Wife. I raised her. Sottie I bought; some'
I raised; some I inherited. His wife was
a very valuable woman ; exceedingly so. She
Was of value beyond money. 1 have seen
the day when I could have got $2,000for her.
I never doubted after the War commenced
that emancipation of the slaves would ensue.
I told my neighbors and friends it would'
be so. 1 saw that it would come. I told
some Union men who were very much at-
tached to slavery, "If this war is made in-
stead of securing slavery it will result speed-
ily in its overthrow, and the northern men will
soon arm your own slaves and turn them in
hostile array against you, your wives, and yottr
children." I never doubted it. I could have
sold my slaves then for large sums of money;
but my slaves were not for sale. They were
my family. I had raised them. Next to fty
wife and children they were the dearest in the
world to me; and I would have protected them,
and have protected them, next to my wife and
children. I knew that emancipation would
come. If I had been operated upon by the
mere matter of lucre, I would then have sold
these slaves; but there were no considerations
connected with earth or with life that would
have induced me to sell them.
But, sir, I am still not done with my expe-
rience in relation to slavery. There was an
old family servant by the name of J ohn. He is
about five years older than I am. He is now 
Mr. JOHNSON. How old are you?
Mr. DAVIS. Well, he is seventy years old.
He is not so old as the honorable Senator
from Maryland by about from five to ten years.
[Laughter.] I had old John ever since my
memory. He was a mill' boy; lie was an
errand boy. I had my origin in the primeval
days of Kentucky, and our mothers and our
housewives used to have a good deal of spin-
ning done, and they had looms in their own
families, or some neighbor's daughter was a
good weaver, and they would send the warp to
the weavers and bring the wool home'; and
John was the boy that always went to the mill.
John always took me with him then. I roife
behind him. If a big boy wanted to impose on
me, John would defend me ; and if a big negro
boy wanted to impose on him, I would fight
and cry a great deal for John; and in that way
we got along. In the course of nature John
went off to a brother of mine; he sold him.
A few years ago, John was old, and he came
to me and said he wanted to get back into the
family. He had a wife, almost blind, one of
the greatest termagants I ever saw, [laughter,]
and Tie and his wife solicited me to buy him ;
he said he wanted to get back into the family.
"Well,"' said I, "John, if you were a strange
negro I would not have you and your wife for
$500; but as you will insist upon it I will buy
you." I did so. I bought him and his wife.
They lived with me contentedly, having little
or nothing to do, and a house to themselves,
and a patch of garden, and all that sort of
thing, until this "cruel war," as I believe
General Sherman called it in a letter that he
wrote to an Episcopalian clergyman, came on,
and John took it into his head that he must be
free. ""Well," said I, "John you are not able
to support yourself now, and if you go off free
you will be in a state of want; if you are tired
of living with me, just find a man who will
agree to support you when you are not able to
support yourself, and if he will bind himself to
support you and your wife, I will give him
$400—$200 apiece." That did not suit John ;
he wanted to be free; so he went off into free-
dom. Well, sir, mv wife writes me that after
