1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251
bill is necessary? and "will be of great advan-
tage to the immediate neighborhood. I have
shown it to all the members of the Committee
on Commerce and they agree to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania asks the unanimous
consent of the Senate to consider the bill at
this time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does it come from a
committee ?
Mr._ CAMERON. It is agreed to by the
committee and approved by the Treasury De-
partment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It ought to come from
a committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection? The Chair hears none, and
the bill is before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole, and will be read.
The Secretary read the bill, which provides
that Chester, in the district of Philadelphia,
shall be a port of delivery, and that a surveyor
shall be appointed, who is to reside there, and
receive a salary of $500 per annum.
Mx. CAMERON. Chester is within two
miles of the present limits of the district. A
large manufacturing business is growing up
there and a large trade. It is desirable that
vessels should be permitted to unload their
cargocs at Chester instead of carrying them
fifteen miles up the river and then bringing
them down in lighters. It will bo an advantage
to.the Government, and a great convenience to
the people of the neighborhood. I hope the
Senate will indulge me by passing it now, so
that I may get it through the other House at the
present session.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no sort of objec-
tion to the bill; but I think it is the first in-
stance since my service in the Senate that I
have known a bill introduced and passed with-
out any reference to a committee, unless it was
to correct a mistake or something of that sort.
I suggest to my friend from Pennsylvania to let
it go to the Committee on Commerce, and it
can be reported back in the morning and passed,
merely to preserve the proper mode of doing
business in the Senate. It cannot go to the
House to-day, for tire House has adjourned. I
have no objection to the bill.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope it will pass now,
because we shall gain a day by it. I will say
in addition that my State has asked nothing this
year, I believe. I do not make many motions
here, and do not disturb other gentlemen, and
I _ trust they will indulge me in passing this
bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It ought to be referred.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to refer the bill
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope it will not be
referred. It has been shown to all the mem-
bers of the committee and approved by every
one of them. There can be no objection to it.
The motion to refer was not agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
extra compensation to civil employes.
The joint resolution (H. U. No. 29) to ex-
tend to the employes of the quartermasters
' and subsistence departments at Washington
the provisions of the joint resolution giving
additional compensation to certain employes
in the civil service of the Government at Wash-
ington was read twice by its title.
_ Mr.' WILLIAMS. I move that that resolu-
tion be indefinitely postponed. The subject
was considered by the committee this morn-
ing, and I stated to the Senate reasons for our
action.
The motion was agreed to.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Secretary
of the Interior, transmitting an estimate of
appropriations necessary to fulfill the stipula-
tions of the treaty with the Chippewas of the
Mississippi, concluded on the 19th qf March,
18G7 j which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a communi-
cation from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting, in answer to a resolution of the
Senate of the 13th instant, information as to
the number of persons employed ui>der the acts
for the collection of the direct tax in the insur-
rectionary districts within the United States,
and the amount of salaries paid; which, on
motion of Mr. Trumbull, was ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a communi-
cation from the Treasurer of the United States,
transmitting an account of receipts and ex-
penditures for the service of the Post Office
Department for the fiscal year ending June 30,
I860; which was referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also laid before the Senate a communi-
cation from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting, in further answer to the resolution of the
Senate of March 8, respecting armed expe-
ditions against th,e Western Indians, a report
of Lieutenant General Sherman; which, on
motion of Mr. Wilson, was ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a communi-
cation from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of March 12, a report from the Quar-
termaster General respecting the organization
and equipment of the Government fire de-
partment of the city of Washington; which
was referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
He also laid before the Senate a message
from the President of the United States, trans-
mitting, in answer to a resolution of the Senate
of the 15th instant, reports from the Secretary
of State and the Secretary of the Treasury rel-
ative to the disposition made of that portion
of fees received by consular agents within the
districts of salaried consuls, that have been by
such consular agents paid over to such consuls
under the apportionment of fees of such agents
by the President.
Mr. WILSON. I move that those papers
lie on the table, and that the written matter,
the manuscript, be printed. There is a large
amount of printed matter there that it is not
necessary to print.
The motion was agreed to.
richard chenery.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 40) to provide for the
payment of a certain .claim; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the resolution be read
at length for information.
The Secretary read the resolution, which
appropriates such an amount of money as shall
be found to be due Richard Chenery under
a reoent act of Congress for his relief, for the
purpose of paying the same.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask the Senate to con-
sider the resolution at the present time. It is
to correct an error in an act recently passed,
which the chairman of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs will explain in a word. I hold in
my hand the act which provides for the exam-
ination of this account; but it did not make an
appropriation for the amount found due.
Mr. HENDERSON. You should amend the
resolution so as to refer distinctly to that act.
Mr. CONNESS. It says "the recent act
passed for his relief."
Mr. HENDERSON. You should name the
act and the date of its passage.
Mr. CONNESS. It refers sufficiently to the
act. *
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California asks for the present con-
sideration of the joint resolution. The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. JOHNSON. I submit to my friend
from California that the language is rather
awkward, as he will see on its reading.
Mr. HENDERSON. The resolution should
refer to the date and the title of the act, so
that there can be no mistake on the part of
the Secretary.
Mr. CONNESS. I think all these objec-
tions are really technical. There has been no
act passed for the relief of this man but the
one I hold in my hand, and the resolution
refersto that act. It cannot refer to anything
else. If, however, there be a real objection
to it, I will allow it to lie on the table until the
morning; but I do not think it necessary at
all. I ask the Senate to remember that we
have at present no member from California in
the other body; and I do not wish to delay the
resolution at this hour longer than we can
avoid. If any Senator will suggest an amend-
ment, of course I shall have no objection to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let it refer especially
to the act.
Mr. CONNESS. I will amend it so as to
refer to the act for the relief of Richard
Chenery.
Mr. HENDERSON. The object of it is
right.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It should be limited to
the $8,000 named in the other act, and not left
to a general appropriation.
Mr. HENDERSON. The bill that passed
did not require the Secretary to pay $8,000.
I will state that it was an act passed at the
late session. I drew the bill myself. It was
a bill of one section, and I omitted the appro-
priation clause. The object of this bill, as I
presume, is to appropriate a sufficient amount
of money to pay it. That is all there is in it.
Mr. CONNESS. I accept the amendments
proposed.
Mr. HARLAN. I am not willing to vote
in favor of this bill to amend another law un-
less I can be informed of the substance of the
law to be amended.
Mr. CONNESS. I will read the substance
of the law to be amended:
That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby author-
ized to examine the claim of Richard Chenery, of
California, for $8,000alleged to be duo-to him for beef
furnished to George P. Armstrong, temporary Indian
agent for the tribes of Indians on Kussian river and
at Clear Lake, and for which said Armstrong exe-
cuted receipts dated March 23 and May 23,1852; and
if he shall believe from such examination that the
property was furnished in good faith, and that the
Government is justly indebted to the claimant as
alleged, he shall cause the amount so found due to bo
paid: Provided, That in no event shall any greater
sum than $8,000 be paid therefor.
That is the act we passed ; and now this is
to provide an appropriation for the payment
of such an amount as shall be found to be due,
which was omitted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the reso-
tion by inserting after the word "money" the
words "not exceeding $8,000."
Mr. CONNESS. 1 have no objection to the
amendment. The amount will be less than
that in all probability.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in.
Mr. HARLAN. I think this is one of a
class of old claims which were of a very loose
character. I think they were all examined in
the Interior Department, and that part of
them which was found to be just by the then
Commissioner of Indian Affairs was long since
paid. I apprehend that this is the remnant of
a claim the justice of which is very doubtful.
I think it had better go over.
Mr. CONNESS._ This does not provide for
paying the claim ; it proposes an appropriation
out of which the claim shall be paid if found
to be due. The claim was examined fully
by the Committee on. Indian Affairs on its
merits, and the bill providing for it passed by
both Houses of Congress. This is to supply a
provision that was left out of that bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am not willing to
let the statement of the Senator from Iowa
stand as it is made. It rather leaves the im-
pression that this claim has once been exam-
ined by the Secretary of the Interior and re-
jected. I will state "to the Senator that I eau
find no evidence of that fact in the Depart-
