252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
ment. I find a rejection of the claim sim-
ply because the Department had no money
with which to pay it. There were some claims
originating at the same time that were exam-
ined. The claim of Mr. McKee was examined,
and a portion of it allowed and a portion
rejected. The Senator may perhaps hare an
impression of this claim as connected with
those old claims that originated in California.
I believe there was nothing anywhere to be
found in the Department going to show that
this claim was not a correct and proper claim.
The House of Representatives passed a bill
allowing the claim positively and directing its
payment. I was utterly unwilling to declare
for the payment of the claim, but made it
obligatory upon the Secretary of the Interior
to examine it, leaving it entirely with him to
say whether it should be paid or not, and that
he should not pay more than the principal of
the claim, that he should pay no interest under
any circumstances. I was not aware that it
had-ever been examined by the Department,
except so far as to say that there was no money
to pay it, and hence it was unnecessary to look
into it.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
bills introduced.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 07) supplementary to an act incorporat-
ing the Newsboys' Home, and providing for
the relief of certain minor children in the
District of Columbia; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 98) for the relief of Chauncey N. Note-
ware ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee 011 Claims.
i'auis exhibition.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
_ Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions be instructed to consider the expediency of
passing a resolution expressive of the sense of the
nation that the American departmentof the World's
Exhibition at Paris shall not be opened on the Sab-
bath day.
indiana war claims.
Mr. MOltTON. I move to take up Senate
joint resolution No. 32, to reimburse the State
of Indiana for expenses incurred in repelling
rebel raids during the late rebellion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. MORTON. I trust the Senator from
Vermont will withdraw that motion. The
executive business will keep for a day or two ;
but if this resolution is laid over it is gone.
Mr. SHERMAN. By leaving it now as the
unfinished business it will come up in the
morning at perhaps the most favorable time
for it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will be the unfinished
business, and entitled to precedence.
Mr. MORTON. Yei; but that involves the
loss of a day. A day's delay may be fatal to
it, while the executive business will keep for
a day or two.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is cjuite evident that
this measure cannot be finished to-night. It
is a claim of a nature that embraces a good
deal of inquiry, and the subject will create con-
siderable discussion. . It involves a principle
that interests my own State as, if it be adopted,
we have similar claims. Inasmuch as my mo-
tion leaves this matter in a position where it
will be the first business to-morrow, I think
my friend from Indiana ought to yield, and I
hope we shall proceed to consider the filling
of the vacant offices.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 21,1807.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntox.
The Journal of yesterday was partly read.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, the further
reading of the Journal was dispensed with by
unanimous consent.
twenty per cent. increased compensation.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution to extend to the
employes of the quartermaster and subsist-
ence departments at Washington the pro-
visions of the joint resolution giving additional
compensation to certain employes in the civil
service of the Government at Washington;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] that his
joint resolution should be made broad enough
to embrace other laborers in the employ of
the Government in Washington, in the navy-
yard for instance.
Mr. SCHENCK. When this subject was
before the House, at its last session, it was
stated that there had been an advance of wages
made to those laborers. This resolution is
meant to apply to those in the employ of the
quartermaster and subsistence departments at
Washington, who are not included under the
provisions of the present law by some con-
struction of the department, although it was
supposed they would be covered by the law.
Mr. HOLMAN. There has been in point
of fact, then, an increase in the wages of the
laborers in the navy-yard here ?
Mr. SCHENCK. So I understand.
Mr. JULIAN. The laboring men and me-
chanics in the navy-yard here have not had any
late increase of their wages, and they are now
absolutely suffering by reason of insufficient
compensation. I hope the gentleman will
include them.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to
have them included if they have not yet re-
ceived any advanec of wages. But I think that
matter better be inquired into, and if deemed
necessary let a distinct proposition be intro-
duced for their relief. I have confined this
joint resolution to those who have been ex-
cluded by the express construction given to the
present law.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would ask the gentle-
man to modify his resolution so as -to include
the employ6s in the Government Printing Of-
fice, who I think are more poorly paid than any
other employes of the Government. They
are not included within the present law giving
increased compensation to certain employes in
the civil service of the Government at Wash-
ington.
Mr. SCHENCK. I prefer that gentlemen
shall bring in separata propositions to include
the eases which they may think demand addi-
tional legislation. I have embraced in this
proposition two cases in which by construction
the accounting officers have excluded persons
whom Congress intended to include. If there
are other cases which upon inquiry are found
to be of the same meritorious character, I shall
not object to any legislation which may be ne-
cessary to cover those cases; but I think they
had better be included in separate propositions.
Mr. J UL1AN. I ask the gentleman to yield
to allow me to offer a separate proposition to
meet the case to which I have referred, and
take the sense of the House upon it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think we had better take
the vote first on this proposition.
Mr. CHANLER. I suggest to the gentleman
from Ohio that he should include in his reso-
lution the employes in the Patefit Officc. They
have been asking us with great justice for an
increase of pay, but havo not been embraced
in our legislation heretofore. I have no objec-
tion, of course, to paying the employes in the
quartermaster department; but certainly it is
hardly fair to do this thing by piecemeal when
there are in the other departments cases fully
as necessitous as any in this particular depart-
ment.
Mr. SCHENGK. I can only answer the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Chanler] as
I have answered other gentlemen. These two
cases were intended to be included in the res-
olution which we passed, but by a construction
of the accounting officers have been ruled out.
I do not understand that other cases stand on
the same footing. At any rate, I prefer to con-
fine this resolution to that of which I have
had knowledge brought to me by distinct infor-
mation from the department, not expressing,
however, any opposition to any extension of
the provision which it may be deemed proper
to make hereafter.
I demand the previous question.
Mr. DONNELLY. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me, that I may offer an amendment
to include those who are in charge of the steam
fire-engines in connection with the quarter-
master department.
Mr. SCHENCK. This does include them.
I insist upon the call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the joint resolution was or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time ;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time.
The question being on the passage of the
joint resolution,
Mr. WARD called for the yeas and nays..
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The joint resolution was passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motioi) to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ordek of business.
Mr. SPALDING. I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for the morning hour now commences ;
and the first business in order is the call of
committees for reports.
united states courts in nebraska.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, from the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, reported back, with a
recommendation that it pass, the bill (S. No.
01) to provide for a district and a circuit court
of the United States for the district of Ne-
braska, and for other purposes.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
read the third time.
The bill, which was read at length, provides
in the first section that the State of Nebraska
shall hereafter constitute one judicial district,
and be called the district of Nebraska; and
for said district a district judge, a marshal,
and a district attorney of the United Sta.tes
shall be appointed, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate.
The second section proposes to enact that
the district of Nebraska shall be attached to,
and-constitute a part of, the eighth judicial cir-
cuit ; and a term of the circuit court and dis-
trict courtofthe United States"for said district
is to be held in the city of'Omaha, in the State
of Nebraska, on the first Monday_ of May and
on the first Monday of November in each year.
The third section provides that the circuit
and district courts of the United States for the
district of Nebraska, and the judges thereof
respectively, shall possess the same powers and
jurisdiction, and pel-form the same duties, pos-
sessed and performed by other circuit and dis-
trict courts and judges of the United States,
and shall be governed by the same laws and
regulations.
It is provided in the fourth section that the
district judge appointed for the district of Ne-
braska shall receive as his compensation the
sum of $3,500 a year, payable in four equal
installments, on the 1st days of January, April,
July, and October of each year.
The fifth section proposes to enact that the
marshal and district attorney of the United
States for the said district of Nebraska shall
