254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
support the conclusion of the majority of the
committee; and in order that the House may
understand the question fully I will ask that
the testimony be now read.
Mr. HULBURD. The House will recollect
that the Committee on Public Expenditures
were also instructed by the House to take into
consideration the report and testimony sub-
mitted by the Committee on Public Expendi-
tures of the last Congress. The report of the
committee submitted to-day is based upon that
testimony, together with the evidence which
one witness has given before the committee of
the present Congress.
Now, if the House should require the read-
ing of all the testimony, it will probably take
about six days to do it. I submit to the House
that in this matter the conclusion to which the
committee have come is based not only upon
the testimony of the single witness examined
by the committee of this Congress, but also
upon the testimony taken by the committee of
the last Congress during weeks of their inves-
tigation. If one portion of this testimony is to
be read upon which to predicate the action of
the House, then I must ask the House to order
that the rest of the testimony shall also be read,
if it shall take one day, or even one week as it
will to read it.
After the previous question shall have been
seconded, I will yield to members who may
desire to speak upon this subject.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I would like to make an
inquiry of the gentleman.
Mr. HULBURD. Very well.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The House certainly can-
not vote understanding^ upon this question"'
with the information now furnished to them.
Even the gentleman does not pretend that the
testimony upon which he commented the other
day, standing alone, would justify the resolu-
tion he now asks the House to adopt. Now, it
seems to me he cannot ask us to act upon
testimony which is not presented to the House.
The gentleman the other day gave us a very full
commentary upon the testimony taken by the
committee of the last session. Why does he
not now state the additional facts that may
have come to the knowledge of the committee
of this House, so that we may act understand-
ingly, and not send a virtual impeachment cf
one of the Senators of the United States to the
other House of this Congress without knowing
exactly what we are doing or upon what testi-
mony our action is founded? I trust the gen-
tleman will, at all events, give us a statement
of the facts upon which he asks this extraor-
dinary action of the House.
Mr. HULBURD. I have not the slightest
objection to going into this matter and having
the testimony of this witness read; but I sub-
mit to the gentleman from Wisconsin that the
committee have reflected somewhat upon this
subject, and the majority of the committee have
come to the conclusion, after consultation
on the part of the chairman with some mem-
bers of the House, that it would be most dec-
orous, most courteous, would afford the least
occasion for scandal, if there bo any scandal in
the matter, to transmit this testimony with this
resolution to the Senate for their information.
Jf they regard it as of any moment, they will
of course through an appropriate channel order
an investigation. If they do not regard the
matter as of moment, they will treat the reso-
lution and evidence as a nullity. If the matter
remains with the Committee on Public Expend-
itures, we cannot in courtesy to the Senate
prosecute the investigation in that direction
any further. It would be discourteous.
What shall we do with this testimony? We
propose that, together with the testimony taken
lay the committee of the previous Congress, it
shall be transmitted to the Senate for their
information, without giving any special pub-
licity to it or attracting to it unnecessarily any
attention. This did seem to us, it does seem
to us now, the most decorous and proper course
we can possibly pursue in reference to this
matter.'
Mr. BROOKS. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. HULBURD. Certainly.
Mr. BROOKS. As I understand the view
of my colleague, [Mr. Taber,] though I have
had no conversation with him, his objection is
not to the reference of this matter to the
Senate, the appropriate body to sit in judg-
ment upon its own members, but to the lan-
guage which is twice used in the resolution—
the words " apparently inculpates.'1 Now, I
need not tell my colleague on the other side
[Mr. Htjlburd] the meaning of the word
"inculpates." It is a very hard word—a
word which, in view of the signification of its
root in the Latin, is almost the most offensive
word which could be used in this connection.
And although this word is qualified by the ad-
verb "apparently," I submit that the House is
not quite ready to say that this evidence '' appar-
ently inculpates" two Senators. Though there
is evidence upon the subject, the knowledge
of that evidence is as yet confined to the com-
mittee, except so far as we can gather its pur-
port from the scraps of it which have appeared
in the newspapers. I am quite satisfied with
the argument of my colleague on the other
side that the matter should be referred to the
Senate for their investigation or action, and
that the testimony should be submitted to that
body. But it seems to me that the common
courtesy between the two Houses, apparently
necesfary for the preservation of the dignity
of each and every m§mber, should impress us
with the importance of using, when sending
such matter to a coordinate body, language
which cannot be considered discourteous, and
which will not seem to imply at the very start
even an apparent condemnation.
I suggest, therefore, to my colleague that he
modify the resolution by striking out the words
" apparently inculpates" and inserting instead
the words "has reference to."
Mr. BROOMALL. "Affecting."
Mr. HULBURD. I have no objection to
modifying the resolution by striking out "in-
culpates" and inserting "affects." But we
must give some reason for this unusual course
of proceeding.
Mr. BROOKS. I suggest that the gentle-
man insert instead of "apparently inculpates"
the words " has important reference to so
that the language will read, "which testimony
has important reference to one or more Sen-
ators."
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to put an in-
quiry to the Chair. If we should adopt this
resolution and transmit to the Senate the tes-
timony taken by our committee, in what rela-
tion would we stand to that testimony ? Would
it be under the control of the House for any
purpose contemplated by the resolution under
which it was taken? Would not the Senate
have the exclusive control of the testimony?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will answer,
certainly not. It is like transmitting copies
of the files of the House to the Supreme Court,
as is sometimes required.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not understand the
resolution to refer to copies. Does it say
copies of the testimony ? I understand it
refers the testimony as taken, and it was with
that idea I suggested to the gentleman that it
should be a copy only.
Mr. HULB URD. I submit to the suggestion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that is a
proper suggestion. Does the gentleman accept
the modification of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. B.rooks?]
Mri HULBURD. No, sir.
Mr. TABER. I desire to say that I differ
entirely with the committee in the conclusion
to which they have come upon the testimony
that has been produced before them. All the
material testimony that was taken before them
has been published in one or more of the New
York papers, and I suppose has been read by
•every Senator. The Senate have had precisely
the same kind of information laid before them
to cxcite their suspicion as has been laid before
this House, with the exception of the witnesses
that have been examined by the committee.
Now, if it is in order that the testimony be. read
here, I ask that a small portion of it may be
read so that those who differ with the majority
may be justified in their action. It strikes me
it is a manifest impropriety for this House to
undertake to determine whether a Senator is
inculpated or not in a matter that may just as
properly, if not with a great deal more propri-
ety, be taken up in the Senate, and which they
have the same reasons for taking up as we
have, with, as I have stated, the single excep-
tion of the testimony that has been produced
before the committee. I hope that the testi-
mony will be read.
Mr. BROOMALL. Will the gentleman from
New York yield?
Mr. HULBURD. Certainly.
Mr. BROOMALL. As a member of the
committee I have no objection to the reading
of the testimony asked for by my colleague on
the committee. I wish, however, to have it
distinctly understood that the majority of the
committee, in reporting this resolution, do not
volunteer the publicity sought to be given to
this testimony, and if the House chooses to
drag it out the responsibility is upon the
House and not upon the committee. It seems
to me that when a committee of this House
comes, inadvertently or otherwise, upon testi-
mony affecting a member of the other branch,
the sooner, and with the less publicity, the
matter can be got before the other branch, the
better. There is a great deal of impropriety,
I think, in our giving publicity to that which
the Senate might not choose to publish, or
might think of little importance. I know that
it is asking something of this House to trust
the judgment of one of its committees about
the propriety of referring the testimony which
has come within its reach immediately to the
other branch without hearing or reading it;
but it. strikes me the House ought to have that,
much confidence in one of its committees.
Mr. BINGHAM. Allow me to make an
inquiry: whether it is possible to communi-
cate, under the existing rules of the Senate,
anything from this House and prevent its being
published by that very act to the Senate and
to the world ? Can it. be done at all ?
Mr. BROOMALL. I do not sec why it
cannot be.
Mr. BINGHAM. How can the Senate re-
ceive it without its being published ?
Mr. BROOMALL. If I understand the in-
quiry correctly, it is whether it can be done
without the Senate publishing it.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is just what I mean.
Mr. BROOMALL. I will say it is the busi-
ness of the Senate to publish it if that bo<Jjr
thinks proper to do so. The responsibility is
with the Senate. What I mean to say is that
there is some impropriety in our publishing
this thing in advance of whatever action the
Senate may take in the matter.
Mr. BINGHAM. My friend does not ap-
prehend the point. The communication pro-
posed to be made to the Senate is not simply
this resolution offered to the House, but the
testimony that has been taken which affects a
Senator or Senators of the United States.
Now, it having communicated it to the Senate,
that body cannot receive and act upon it at all
without publishing the testimony. Therefore
the remark of the gentleman in regard to the
duty of the Senate in publishing this matter
to the world amounts to nothing at all.
Mr. BROOMALL. I understand the ques-
tion entirely, and I think I understood it be-
fore. When the Senate shall receive this tes-
timony, if it shall choose to publish it it may.
If it does not so choose, I think it will not be
impossible to have that testimony read in the
Senate with closed doors. The Senate can
withhold this testimony from the world if it so
chooses.
Now, the testimony asked to be read here by
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Taber]
is the testimony of a single witness taken
