1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
within the last two or three days. ■ That testi-
mony alone would amount to little or nothing.
But that testimony, taken in connection with a
considerable portion of the testimony. inter-
spersed throughout that which the committee of
the last Congress took, and which it would take
days to read, is what makes out the whole case
contemplated by the committee. Now, if my
colleague on this committee [Mr. Taber] de-
sires it, I have no objection to the reading of
this testimony. But I wish it to be understood
that the action of the committee is not based
upon that testimony alone, but also upon the
testimony taken throughout a series of weeks
and very voluminous, bearing occasionally upon
this particular point, and at the same time
largely upon a great many other points. The
readingof the testimony of the one witness
will enlighten this House but little. But, as
the chairman of the committee [Mr. Hulbukd]
says, if the House wants all the facts before it
acts, ther, we must content ourselves with stay-
ing here to have the testimony all waded through
by the Clerk some six or ten days before we
can adjourn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. There is a difference of
opinion between the members of the commit-
tee as to the effect of the testimony which has
been given before them. A majority of the
committee, it seems, think that the testimony
inculpates one or more Senators. Another
member of the committee,- after reading the
testimony, with equal candor perhaps thinks
that it has no such effect. Now it has already
been brought before the country by the com-
mittee that in the judgment of a majority of
that committee the effect of that testimony
does inculpate a Senator. T ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Broomali.] if the
committee can do more than that? If the tes-
timony is not damaging to the character of
Senators, can the committee do more than they
have already done by spreading upon the rec-
ords of this House and before the country
the statement that they have come to the con-
clusion that the character of a Senator is im-
pugned by this testimony?
Now, since there is a difference of opinion
among the members of the committee, it seems
to me that there is a likelihood of doing injus-
tice to a Senator by this general conclusion
expressed by the committee ; and that it is due
to Senators as well as to the House that all
the facts should be spread before the House,
in order that we may judge whether they do
inculpate a Senator or not,
Mr. BROOMALL. The gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] I think has failed
to understand the remarks I have made. I
think there is no difference in the minds of the
committee upon the effect of the testimony
taken within the last two or three days. We
all agree that that testimony standing alone
would not be sufficient. My colleague upon
the committee, [Mr. Taber,] who asks for the
reading of that testimony, seems to be of the
opinion that there is no other testimony of the
kind. I have already stated that the commit-
tee base their request for this action of the
House upon the testimony taken within the
last two or three days, in connection with that
taken throughout a course of weeks by the
committee of the last Congress.
Now, I have already said that I have no ob-
jection to this testimony being read if it is the
pleasure of the House; but I desire it to be
understood that the committee do not volun-
teer the publicity of this testimony ; and I wish
the House also to understand that the testimony
referred to by the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Taber] is only a small part of the testi-
mony upon which the action of the committee
is based.
Mr. N OELL. I wish to say in reference to
this resolution that a part of the testimony
upon which it is based was taken by a com-
mittee of the last House of which I was not a
member. Now, without hearing the testimony
of all of the witnesses together, and examin-
ing it with reference to the question at issue, I
•m
would be unwilling to support any such reso-
lution as this.
Now, I do not understand that any com-
mittee appointed by this House and charged
with certain specific duties have the right, or
that it is within the province of that com-
mittee, to go outside of the duties with which
they are charged and constitute themselves a
grand inquisition to examine into the conduct
of any citizen or officer whose conduct the
committee have not been directed to investi-
gate. This committee has been charged with
an investigation into the conduct of a Federal
officer, and yet in that investigation they under-
take to inquire into the conduct of others with
which they were not charged at all.
Now, sir, the impropriety of this thing shows
itself perhaps in this case as forcibly as in any
that could be presented. Here is a question
on which the minds of the committee are not
directed, originating before a committee which
preceded us, a committee in the Thirty-Ninth
Congress, and by that committee certain state-
ments were made, and the minds of this com-
mittee not being directed to that point, they
not being charged with the investigation, took
no pains, and could be expected to take 110
pains, to elicit the truth in regard to the trans-
action. They were not charged to inquire into
the conduct of any Senator or of any person
outside of the conduct of the one they were to
inquire into. It seems to me that it is not in
order in a case like this to take a piece of ran-
dom evidence, taken by one committee, for
another committee to take that without cross-
examination, without seeing the witnesses,
without any of the usual proceedings necessary
to elicit the truth; I make the point of order
that this committee cannot connect these two
pieces of testimony together and frame them
into a criminal proceeding against persons in
reference to whom they were not charged to
inquire. I make the point that the committee
has no right to report any resolution of this
kind, the subject not having been referred to
them. They have no right, sir, to use discon-
nected portions of testimony.
Mr. BROOMALL. Does the gentleman
raise the point of order on the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman makes
the point of order the Chair overrules it. It
is too late to make the point of order, as the
resolution has been debated. If it had been
made in time the Chair would have overruled
it, as this whole subject of the New York
custom-house has been referred to that com-
mittee.
Mr. BROOMALL. I only say in answer to
my colleague on the committee that it did not
set itself up as a general investigating commit-
tee into all the offenses against the United
States. It was charged with a certain investi-
gation, and it was strictly within the limits of
the matter referred to it that this has come to
light.
I will say now, as I have said already, if it
is the pleasure of the House to hear the testi-
mony read to which my colleague on the com-
mittee refers, I think the majority of the com-
mittee will make no objection to it, always
letting it be understood that this is but a small
portion of the entire case, and that the House
will be but little enlightened after hearing this
as to the entire matter within the scope of the
committee's resolution. I have already said
it would take weeks to get the entire informa-
tion, and I think the House will have to trust
something to the judgment and honesty of the
committee in matters of this sort. _ I am ready
to yield to hear that testimony read.
Mr. HULBURD. With the leave of the
House, I ask that the resolution may be
amended so that it will read "apparently
affects '' instead of "inculpates." 1 under-
stand that will meet with my colleague's views.
Mr. BROOKS. -I have no objection to that.
"Affects" is an innocent word.
Mr. BROOMALL. But it will do.
Mr. HULBURD demanded the previous
question.
The previous question was-seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. TABER demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House divided: and there were—ayes
11, noes 19.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. HULBURD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted*;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COLORADO CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. SCOPIELD. I rise to a privileged
question. The resolution of the House au-
thorized the Committee of Elections to require
notice in the Colorado contested-election ease
and to extend the time for taking testimony.
I am instructed by the committee to say they
have acted on the subject; and I ask that .the
resolution I send up shall be read for informa-
tion.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That A. C. Hunt, the contestant in this
case, be allowed to serve notice on George M. Cbil-
cott, sitting Delegate from the Territory of Colorado,
within the time allowed by law, counting the 20th
day of March, 1867, as the day upon which the result
of the election was determined; and the service of
answer by the sitting member and all proceedings
subsequent shall conform to the provisions of the act
of February 19,1851, except that one hundred days
shall be allowed for taking evidence; and the testi-
mony already taken shall not be considered by the
committee.
Mr. SCOFIEM). I desire to say this action
had the unanimous concurrence of the com-
mittee. It requires no action of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it had
better be adopted by the House.
The resolution was agreed to.
IIENRY A. SMYTIIE.
Mr. HULBURD, from the Committee on
Public Expenditures, reported the following
resolution, 011 which he demanded the previous
question:
Hesohed, That it is the sense of this House that
Henry A. Smythe should be immediately removed
from the office of collector of the port of Sew York;
and that the Clorlt of the House cause a certified
copy of this resolution to be laid before the President
of the United States.
Mr. B UTLER. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me.
- Mr. HULBURD. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER. Without going into the
merits of the question as to the conduct of the
collector of the port of l^ew York 
Mr. WOOD. May I inquire whether this
resolution is before the House?
The SPEAKER. It is before the House.
Mr. WOOD. Did the Chair ask whether
there was objection?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see
how objection could prevent its introduction.
The subject was referred to the committee.
Mr. BUTLER. I was about saying, with-
out going into the merits of the question as to
the conduct of the collector of the port of
New York, I desire simply to call the atten-
tion of the House to the precedent proposed
to be established. He proposes, as I under-
stand, first that the House shall vote a want
of confidence in an executive officer, and
secondly that the House shall ask that officer
to be removed. I believe that according to
the custom of Parliament this House asks
nothing of the President of the United States;
we have one way in which to demand that an
officer shall be removed, and that is by im-
peachment and in no other way. We do not
demand it of his superior, we do not demand
it of his coconspirator, but we demand it in
the name of the people of the United States,
of the high court of justice established by the
Constitution for the purpose of trying such
questions; and therefore I do not want to
adopt in free and independent America as the
voice of the people the practice of the Parlia-
ment, of the Commons of Great Britain, of
asking the king or intimating to the king wo
have not confidence in his officers and humbly
