258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
charge of that district at that time, that no
inquiry was made whether these men were
strictly within the meaning of the term refu-,
gees or not; the only inquiry was whether or
not they were starving. But in June or July
last orders came from Washington to that par-
ticular district forbidding the use of this money
for any other purpose than that which came
wilhin the strict meaning of the law; and
while there I knew of cases of extreme suffer-
ing on the part of persons who had been as
loyal to the Government as any gentleman in
this House, but who could not be relieved be-
cause they were residents and not refugees
within the strict meaning of the law.
I had prepared and intended to offer for this
entire joint resolution what I conceived to be
necessary to restore the original construction
put upon the Freedmen's Bureau laws bythe
Commissioner of the bureau himself; and it is
in these words:
That the several acts of Congress relating to the
Bureau of Refugees, Freed men, and Abandoned Lands
shall be so construed as to permit the Commissioner
of the said bureau, in his discretion, to extend relief
to cases of extrome suffering, whether the sufferers-
are embraced within the meaning of the terms refu-
gees and freedmen or not.
On reading the joint resolution as now mod-
ified by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bing-
ham] I find, if I understand the English lan-
guage, that it means precisely the same thing,
and therefore I shall vote for it, and I trust it
will pass the committee and be reported to the
House. I think the humane and Christian
gentleman standing at the head of the bureau
may be trusted to extend this relief on the part
of the Government to proper cases. I have
no fear of the power being abused in his hands.
Many of these people are innocent of all
crime against the Government. Very many
of those who are guilty were deluded and be-
guiled by false leaders into treason. Itris the
duty of our Government temporarily while
things are unsettled in the South, pending the
business of reconstruction, to protect thorn at
least against starvation. The great crime was
not theirs. They were at most but followers.
It is the misfortune of the South that under
the peculiar policy of the present Executive
the greatest punishment is falling upon the
least guilty.
It is stated to me by those around me that
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] does not mean that which my
proposed amendment does. And if it does
not, then I want my amendment substituted
for his.
Mr. BINGHAM. It does mean that, and
I do not care who states to the contrary.
Mr. BROOMALL. And 1 believe it does.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not desire to detain the
Committee of the Whole by any discussion of
the amendment which has been offered by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.] But
I desire to say a few words in reply to some
remarks that have been made by the gentle-
man from Vermont, [Mr. Woodbridge.]
Sir, 1 cannot see what the question of brav-
ery or soldiery conduct has to do with the pas-
sage or defeat of this joint resolution. I was
very sorry to hear the gentleman from Ver-
mont say that the resolutions of the soldiers
alluded to by me only show the distinction
between brave men and cowards. I dislike to
hear such remarks; I do not think they come
with good grace from any man who has never
had the opportunity of testing his own courage
or determining whether he is a brave man or
not. I do not think such a man should under-
take to question the bravery of any other man.
Now, these soldiers passed these resolutions
because they thought Congress had no right
to pass this joint resolution appropriating this
amount of money for charitable purposes ; not
at all in reference to bravery or soldierly con-
duct or soldierly bearing.
Now, I opposed the passage of this joint
resolution because I thought it was wrong;
and I bow say to the gentleman that if the
House is to pass tliw joint resolution appro-
priating $1,000,000 from the Treasury of the
United States to assist the suffering people of
the South, then I shall at the proper time offer
an amendment to appropriate $1,000,000 to
assist the.suffering people in the valleys of the
Mississippi and Ohio rivers, who have been
driven from their homes and have had their
property destroyed by the late freshet in those
two rivers. I propose to offer it because I
believe the people of the loyal portions of this
country have the same right to the protection
of the law and the charity of the Government
that the people of the disloyal sections have.
It is not asked by the people of my State or
the people of Indiana or Missouri. But they
are entitled to it upon the same principle that
those are entitled to it whom gentlemen are so
anxious to give this charity to, who live within
the confines of the States where treason once
existed, and where 1 believe it still exists.
That is all I desire to say: to make that
reply to the remarks of the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Woodbridge,] and to give
notice of the amendment I propose to offer.
Mr. BROOMALL. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. BUTLER. I renew the amendment to
the amendment, because I understand I can get
the opportunity to speak now only by moving
some amendment which I do not mean. That
is a new revelation to me in my short expe-
rience in legislative life.
I desire to reply to some of the observations
that fell from the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Woodbridge,] as well as to call the
attention of the House to the course pursued
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.]
The gentleman from Vermont was kind
enough the other day to tell the House that I
was no statesman. Now, I agree to that; and
I am sorry such is the fact. I just escaped
being a statesman, I suppose, by not being
elected to the Thirty-Ninth Congress. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I simply desire to
state to the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] that I said no such thing, made
no such charge, and the gentleman knows it.
Mr. BUTLER. Then he means to say that
I am a statesman, [laughter,] and I am very
much obliged to him. Now, a word more
in regard to the action of the soldiers of the
graud Army of the Republic. I received from
them unsolicited and unasked a resolution ap-
proving my course. And so long as I have the
approval of the soldiers of the Army, I can-
very well do without the approval of those who
were engaged in wearing out the soft cushions
of the seats in this House during the entire war;
I can survive the one if I have the other.
Now, I am not here to say anything that may
be considered at all personal in its character.
But I desire to ask the attention of the House
to the fairness of the course of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a question of
order. The gentleman has no right to raise a
question of fairness upon my conduct here at
this time of day.
Mr. BUTLER. What does the gentleman
say?
Mr. BINGHAM. I raise the point of order
that the gentleman has no right to reflect upon
my conduct here by raising the question of fair-
ness.
Mr. BUTLER. Well, unfairness, then _; I
will admit that I was mistaken in calling it a
question of fairness. [Laughter.]
Mr. BINGHA.M. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. BUTLER. I will withdraw the question
of fairness; I admit that none can be raised.
Will that do? [Laughter.]
Now, in regard to this joint resolution, I
have one further consideration to present. I
ask members here if they are ready to vote an
appropriation of $1,000,000 in any form before
they decide the question which is involved in
the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Ohio, in front of me, [Mr, Sghexck?]
That amendment provides that district com-
manders may relieve the distressed people of
their districts by distributing $id to them from
the stores of the Army, and then tax the rich
rebels to pay for those stores.
Gentlemen talk about confiscation, and say
that this is unconstitutional. Now, it would
seem that there is nothing constitutional except
to put the hand into the Treasury of the United
States. As I have said already, I ask no con-
fiscation of any rebel property; but I ask that
the rich of the community shall support the
poor and suffering.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the commit-
tee rise for the purpose of closing all debate
upon the joint resolution and the pending
amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. That will cut off all debate.
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly it will.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have offered an amend-
ment, upon which I should like to speak for
five minutes, inasmuch as my colleague [Mr.
Bingham] has spoken an hour.
Mr. BINGHAM. I insist upon myjnotion,
that the committee now rise.
* The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Blaine
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union^ according to order,
had had the Union generally under considera-
tion, and particularly Senate joint resolution
No. 16, for the relief of the destitute in the
southern and southwestern States, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. BINGHAM. I now move that when
the House again resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole, and resume the consid-
eration of Senate joint resolution No. 10, all
debate upon the joint resolution and amend-
ments thereto shall terminate in five minutes.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a question of
order. I would ask the Chair if it is in order
to move to close all debate on the entire joint
resolution or only on the pending section ?
The SPEAKER. There is but one section.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I should think we might
afford two sections for an appropriation of
$1,000,000.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to
amend the motion of my colleague [Mr. Bing-
ham] by substituting "two hours" for "five
minutes." I desire to say a few words on this
joint resolution myself.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask. that the messages
received from the President to-day be now laid
before the House.
No objection was made.
withdrawal op french from mexico.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States:
To the Home of Representatives:
I transmit to the House of Representatives,
in answer to their resolution of the 18th instant,
a report from the Secretary of State, with an
accompanying paper.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, March 20, 1867.
' The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that this message is in answer to a resolution
of the House, calling for information in rela-
tion to the withdrawal of the French troops
from Mexico.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the message and
accompanying paper be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and be ordered to
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
arrest of americans in england, etc.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House,
the following message from the President of
the United States:
To the Souse of Representatives:
In answer to a resolution of the House of
Representatives of the 7th instant, relative to
the arrest, imprisonment, and treatment of
