1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
American citizens in Great Britain or its Prov-
inces, I transmit a report from the Secretary
of State on the subject.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington", March 20, 1867.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the resolution
and accompanying paper be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and be ordered
to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
FENIAN TRIALS IN CANADA.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following message from the President of the
United States:
To the House of Representatives:
I transmit to the House of Representatives,
in answer to their resolution of the 18th instant,
a report from the Secretary of State, with its
accompanying papers.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, March 20, 1867.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands this
to be in answer to a resolution of the House
calling for information in relation to the late
trials of United States citizens in Canada.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the message and
accompanying papers be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and be ordered to
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
he is informed that no further message from
the President may be expected to-day.
Mr. SCOFIELD, (at two o'clock and ten
minutes p. m.) I move that the House now
adjourn.
The question was taken; and upon a division,
there were—ayes 46, noes 62.
Before the result'of the vote was announced,
Mr. SCOFIELD called for the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and upon a division, there
were—ayes seventeen, noes not counted.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. SCOFIELD called for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Mr. BLAINE. Oh, do not do that.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will withdraw the call
for tellers and for yeas and nays, if it is under-
stood that we shall have in the Committee of
the Whole more than five minutes allowed for
debate.
The motion to adjourn accordingly was not
agreed to.
The question was upon the motion of Mr.
Lawrence, of Ohio, that there be allowed two
hours for debate upon Senate joint resolution
No. 16, instead of five minutes as propose*by
Mr. Bingham. .
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes 44, noes 61.
So the motion was not agreed to. _
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Bingham, that when the House again resol-ve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, all general debate terminate
in five minutes.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move to amend the
motion by striking out "five minutes" and
inserting in lieu thereof " one hour."
Mr. BINGHAM. All that I wish to say is
this 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order
except by unanimous consent.
Several Members objected.
Mr. BINGHAM. I modify my motion so
as to say " twenty minutes" instead of "five
minutes." _ . . ,
Mr. BROOMALL. I insist on my amend-
ment, so as to allow one hour for debate in-
stead of twenty minutes.
The amendment was agreed to ; there being
—ayes 58, noes 56. ,
The motion of Mr. Bingham, as amended,
was adopted.
BELIEF Of DESTITUTE IN THE SOUTH AGAIN.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, for the purpose of resuming the
consideration of the joint resolution (S. R. No.
16) for the relief of the destitute of th.e south-
ern and southwestern States.
The motion was agreed to. f
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Blaine in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of Senate joint reso-
lution No. 10, for the relief of the destitute in
the southern and southwestern States.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I desire
to inquire whether there is an amendment
pending.
The CHAIRMAN. There is an amendment
pending to strike out the last word, which the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
has spoken in favor of, but which no one has
opposed.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, sir, I am opposed
to it because it will tend, as they say, to "per-
fect" the original bill.
I desire to call the attention of the commit-
tee to a fact of which gentlemen seem to have
lost sight, that there is pending a substitute
for the substitute offered originally by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
That gentleman proposed that instead of de-
/ voting $1,000,000, as provided in the Senate
bill, for the relief of these persons atthe South,
who are represented to be in circumstances of
destitution, we shall appropriate that amount
for the benefit of the widows and orphans of
the Union soldiers who were starved to death
in rebel prisons. Subsequently, the gentleman
submitted another substitute, which, for the
sake of simplifying the position of the ques-
tion, I, with his consent, adopted as my own,
proposing not to deny help to the destitute in
the South, hut only to provide a different mode
of furnishing such help, so that instead of
taking the necessary means from the Treasury
of the United States, the means shall be raised
by assessment upon the richer rebels them-
selves.
If there he in the South any destitute per-
sons beyond those who are now provided for
through the Freedmen's Bureau I am not
opposed to extending aid to them. But just
here I will say I have not a doubt that this
whole matter is greatly exaggerated. Where
ever work is to be done, wherever honest labor
is to be put forth by men for their own support,
no people are more apt to call upon Hercules
instead of putting their own shoulders to the
wheel than these same southern rebels. Whije
they had their negroes to work for them we did
not hear this cry for assistance; butthis means
of support being taken away none are more
ready than they to make negroes of the "mud-
sills" of the North, who are expected cheer-
fully to work and pay taxes for the support of
those who despise them.
I desire to say also that gentlemen who are
in favor of the original bill have pursued here
a course not particularly consistent with good
taste, however wise it may be in any other as-
pect. Having claimed for themselves, because
they support this appropriation of $1,000,0U0,
all the liberality and all the courage, the next
thing I suppose will be to claim, so far as this
debate is concerned, all the magnanimity. After
having exhausted the argument on this side in
speeches of an hour's length, some gentlemen
having spoken two or three times, they still
claim to entertain and*amuse, if not_ instruct,
the House by reading anonymous articles pub-
lished in newspapers at the North, professing
to give what some soldier has said upon this
subject. .
Sir, instead of quoting an anonymous letter m
order to furnish some testimony on this subject
of destitution at the South, 1 propose to call to
the witness-stand a rebel himself. Everybody
knows who Pirate Semmes is, that infernal vil-
lain who swept the seas in order to destroy the
commerce of this country as an indirect way
of breaking down the Government to which he,
as a scoundrel rebel, was opposed. That pirate
rebel Semmes has become an editor after going
through various mutations. Hear what he says
on " the labor question" in the Memphis Bul-
letin, which he now conducts. His testimony
is as follows:
" We could scour the pine woods of Mississippi and
Alabama to-morrow, and drive before us hundreds
and thousands of active, stalwart young white labor-
ers, who are wasting their time in utter and entire
idleness, because they are too proud or too lazy to
work. Many of the families to which these young
vagabonds belong are almost in a starving condition,
some of them being the actual recipients of charity
.from the Freedmen's Bureau."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to strike out the
first word.
Now, then, sir, having produced the testimony
of a rebel himself, and therefore not anonymous
testimony, I am willing to present it as a set-
off against any anonymous publication which
may have found its way into the New York
Times, or any other paper, intended to bolster
up this cause.
This editor bears testimony on another point,
to which I wish to call the attention of the
House. He says these lazy vagabonds, these
stalwart able-bodied men, who are drifting about
through these southern States where this desti-
tution is said most to prevail, are doing so leav-
ing their families and connections in almost a
starving condition. The first proposition I make
upon that is, that they shall be required to go
to work and support themselves and their starv-
ing families; and the next is that the testimony
proves what I affirmed yesterday, when he goes
on to say those starving families are driven to
get help from the Freedmen's Bureau. That
Freedmen's Bureau is in fact, and we know it
to be so, in the name of refugees, giving to all
pexsons, men, women, and children, who come
to them in a state of destitution.
Now, sir, what have we done for the Freed-
men's Bureau? We have given some ten or
twelve million of dollars in various appropri-
ations for subsistence and aid to the destitute
of the South. We have given it to freedmen
and refugees, but in practice all, black and
white, are treated as refugees who come in ap-
parent destitution and demand help from the
agents of the bureau. Here is a rebel from
the South admitting that the families of these
lazy vagabonds are at this very time receiving
this help from the Freedmen's Bureau, which
they need not receive but for the laziness of
those who ought to support them. Yet we are
asked either to divert the money already ap-
propriated for the Freedmen's Bureau to feed
such lazy vagabonds, or else to ;add, as the
Senate proposes, $1,000,000 inadditionto what
we have already appropriated.
What does my amendment propose? It pro-
poses to tax those who are able in the South
to support their own poor. We have this power
over them. We can direct it to be exercised
through our military commanders. My word
for it you will find itto be a wholesome power.
I have studied this rebel animal in different
points of view, and I have always found this to
be the fact in regard to him, let him be of what-
ever vari ety or species he may: whenever you do
toward him any act of magnanimity he is sure
to construe it into some concession made to
his superiority, or to attribute it to-some timid-
ity on your part, by which you are afraid to
deny to him what he demands. Instead, there-
fore, of taking money out of the public Treas-
ury to be thus construed into an act of appre-
hension on our part that unless we coax them
they will do further mischief, I would say let
their poor be fed and make them feed them
themselves.
I have had a little experience in this matter
in a small way. When in command of one of
the military departments of this Government
during the late war, I found the rebels in
Harford county, Maryland, were disposed to
burn do+n, and did burn down, the property of
