1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1
■ State government .also in legal form now is in
operation. But as to the remaining ten rebel
States, they are without any legal State govern-
ments, and are therefore subject to the legisla-
tive control of Congress in every respect, so
far as may be necessary to organize and guar-
anty to each a republican- form of govern-
ment.
Duringthis discussion it has befell repeatedly
said that it is but the dictate of humanity that
the wants of the starving poor should be sup-
plied, and that true Christianity forbids that
we should stop to inquire whether those who
need our aid are loyal or rebel. Sir, I agree
to all this. I would not in a great work of
humane charity stop .to inquire whether the
suppliant for bread was my friend or my
enemy. In the private relations of life or in
acts of statesmanship I would spurn such an
idea. But as the custodians of the public
Treasury, clothed with the power of deciding
who should bear the burdens of relieving those
who maybe destitute in the South, we should
be both just as well as generous.
And now, sir, in view of the facts I have
stated, who is there upon this "floor that dare
go to his constituents and tell them that after
having made provision out of the national
Treasury for three fourths of all the destitute
in the rebel States, without having made any
such provision for theloyal States, and without
having given the bounties to our soldiers which
they so richly deserve and have so earnestly
asked in vain—who is there here that dare tell
his constituents in the loyal States that he voted
to tax them to supply the residue of the desti-
tute of the rebel States while those States were
able to make.provision from their own resources,
and Congress had the power to compel them
to do so ? For me, sir, I will go to my con-
stituents with no such message.
Sir, I believe no one has ventured to say the
rebel States are unable to provide for those
whose destitution is not already covered by the
charitable aid of the Freedmen's Bureau laws.
There is in each one of these rebel States a
government, not legally established, I know,
as a State government, but recognized as pro-
visional by the sixth section of the recent act
of Congress, known as " the military recon-
struction act.'' The Legislature of Mississippi
appropriated $20,000 to aid in the defense of
that arch traitor, Jeff. Davis, for his great crime
of treason to the country. And shall we be
now told that this State is unable to aid in re-
lieving the wants of its poor? These provis-
ional governments for two years have been
, levying and collecting taxes, paying salaries,
and keeping in operation all the machinery of
government. Why shall we not pay these
expenses as well as that which is now asked
of us'?
In the bill passed only a day or two since,
supplementary to "the military reconstruction
act," a section was inserted, which I had some
humble part in originating, requiring the con-
ventions called in those States to pay the
expenses incident to reorganization of their
State governments. For two years these States
have not only paid the expense of local gov-
ernment, but during the last fiscal year the
internal revenue tax on cotton amounted to
some twenty million dollars. If these_ States
cannot contribute to the support of their desti-
tute, let us at once cease to levy or collect taxes
from them. But this would be so unjust and
so unjustifiable that no one has ever asked or
advocated exemption from taxation either for
Ideal or national purposes.
Mr. Chairman, I congratulate our friends on
the other side of this Chamber opposed to the
Republican party. It is manifest from the
discussions that they will be almost unani-
mous in supporting the scheme of relieving all
the destitute of tho South out of the national
Treasury, and this although the charity is to
be dispensed through the agents or the h reed-
men's Bureau. ,
When the Freednjen' s Bureau act was passed,
many of the same gentlemen denounced it as
unconstitutional and as a grievous charge on
the public Treasury. The President's veto
met their entire approval.
The act then furnished relief to a starving
population, mainly loyal, at a time when as
now the rebels would make no provision for
the relief of destitute refugees or freedmen in
their midst. It was then a necessity dictated
by humanity. t
But now, when it is proposed to extend the
operation of this bureau so as to feed and
clothe a large rebel population out of the na-
tional Treasury, and thus to relieve the wealthy
rebels of the South from burdens which they
ought to be compelled to bear, their partisans
on this floor are not embarrassed with consti-
tutional scruples, and have become wonder-
fully charitable and humane, not in the inter-
ests of loyalty or loyal men, butin theinterests
of the new beneficiaries, whose support is to be
charged upon the national Treasury.
Mr. Chairman, I would not omit any imper-
ative duty to avoid an increase of the burdens
on the national Treasury; but when justice
demands that the burdens shall be borne else-
where, I feel it a duty to practice that justice
which relieves the national Treasury. The load
of taxes is already sufficiently large. Let us
not violate the public confidence and the pub-
lic sense of right by yielding to unjust demands
under the specious guise of philanthropy,
which has no element of real benevolence on
which to rest.
Mr. PILE. I am opposed to all the amend-
ments and substitutes for the original Senate
resolution, and I am opposed to the original
resolution itself. I do not intend to make a
speech, but simply wish to state the ground of
mv opposition, and then to indicate a substi-
tute which, if I have the opportunity, I shall
offer for the original resolution.
I do not believe in clothing the subject of
confiscation with the false guise of taxation.
If we intend in good earnest to proceed nnder
the law to confiscate the property of rebels
and apply it to the relief of the suffering loyal
people of the South, let us put our measures in
a plain and direct shape. Let us not disguise
confiscation in the deceptive garb of taxation,
with the additional objection of spreading
through all the southern States the machinery
of tax-assessors and tax-collectors in the form
of military officers, involving an expense five
times as great as the amount originally pro-
posed to be distributed for the purpose of
affording the required relief.
1 am opposed to appropriating any more
money to the Freedmen's Bureau. I have it
from General Howard himself Wat the appro-
priations already made are ample for the pur-
poses required. I am opposed to conferring
upon the Freedmen's Bureau or the Wcretary
of War authority to grant relief to any man in
the South, white or black, loyal or disloyal,
who is able to work. If disabled or aged or
helpless persons, men, women, or children,
should be famishing for bread, and should
apply to me for relief, I would grant them
food without asking whether they had been
loyal or disloyal, whether they had been guilty
of crime or had led lives of innocence. Hav-
ing relieved their immediate .distresses and
needs, I would then say let them be punished,
according to law, for any crime of which they
may have been guilty. .
These being my views, Mr. Chairman, i
shall, if the other amendments and substitutes
be voted down, as I hope they will be, offer as
a substitute for the original resolution of the
Senate the proposition which I hold m my
hand. It is in plain language, and will, i
think, effectually meet all the requirements of
the case. It is as follows: .
Strike out nil after the enacting clauso and mscrt
U Thnt thc"fcoretary of War be. and is hereby, au-
thorised througfi the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen,
and Abandoned Lands, to extend at his discretion
tlio distribution of food and clothing a.uthorixed by
existing laws to bo issued to refugees and freedmen
in the late insurrectionary btates so as to include
Si ctetitute women, children, or he j> ess
year.
This proposition will obviate, the objection
urged by several gentlemen, that, we .propose
to feed able-bodie.d rebels, who aught to earn
food and clothing by their own .labor; while it
will extend the required relief to the women
and children and helpless persons who are
unable to "work, and who, as General Howard
states, must starve unless speedy assistace be
afforded, because they aie not able to earn
their bread, and because between them and
the wealthy ruling classes of the South there
is no sympathy, so that the latter will extend
them no aid.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I withdraw
ray pro forma amendment.
Mr. MILLER. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bing-
ham] by adding the following:
That 475,000 thereof be applied by those in charge
of the Freedmen's Bureau to purchase seeds through
the Agricultuial Department to furnish such persons
in said lat®'rebel States with seeds as may need the
same to raise provisions for themselves: Provided,
That seeds are only to be furnished to such as are
not possessed of means to purchase; and their ability
to do so is to be determined by those who are to dis-
tribute the seeds.
Mr. Chairman, as I understand the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Ohio in its pres-
ent form, it does not call for any additional
appropriation. It appears that some two mil-
lion one hundred thousand dollars remains at
the disposal of the Freedmen's Bureau unex-
pended. The object of my amendment is that
at least seventy-five thousand dollars of this
amount shall be expended for the purchase of
seeds to enable these needy persons at the
South to raise provisions for themselves.
Now, if these seeds are furnished with proper
judgment it will be a great blessing to that
section of country. I understand that, applica-
tions are daily made for seed from these States
to the Agricultural Department, and from the
largo number of letters received- by the Com-
missioner it is evident that unless some addi-
tional appropriation be made it will be impos-
sible to furnish seed to the loyal northern States,
and also to those lately in rebellion.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask the gentleman whether
the gardens in the South have not already been
planted?
Mr. MILLEli. I will say, Mr. Chairman,
in answer to the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] that he must rec-
ollect that there is a material difference be-
tween his State and that of the southern States,
sometimes denominated the sunny South. _ In
the former gardens are made but once _ in a
year, while in the latter planting continues
the greater part of the year, so that as one
crop is maturing another is being planted,
ana of course it requires seed to enable them
to plant; and surely the honorable gentleman
is in favor of encouraging industry even with
those who took part in the rebellion.
I understand from gentlemen who eomefrom
the South that in many places the crops have
been almost entirely destroyed, and of course
when they again undertake to cultivate their
land they will require this seed. If my col-
league's bill be passed, and the land is divided
up into small farms, this Seed will most certainly
be necessary. I do not think this money can
be better applied than for this purpose. It
will only be for this and the coming season.
Now, sir, I do not see how there can be any
objection to this proposition. It will enable
these persons who are destitute to raise m a
short time sufficient food for themselves and
families. Itakeno objection to_the gentleman's
amendment. I think I am justifiable, from
the report of General Howard, in saying that
these southern people arc in a state of starva-
tion and that we ought to feed them. It ought
not to be limited to womjn and childron and
old men. If the men down there cannot get
work and ar£ starving, I think we ought to
feed them without regard to their age until
they can procure employment and no longer.
I will add that I am in favor of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bing-
ham.]
