262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
Mr. PILE. Let me ask the _ gentleman
■whether it is not a fact that there is abundant
testimony of the great scarcity of labor all over
the South, that more labor is needed and re-
quired than can be supplied, and that every
man who is able to work can and ought to
support himself, and if he will not, lie ought
to starve ?
Mr. MILLER. I know that is the report,
but whether it ia true or not I cannot say. If
these men cannot get work they ought not to
be allowed to starve, and the way to give them
employment is to furnish seeds and encourage
the tilling of the soil, and in a short time they
will have food sufficient for their support and
to spare ; and I -will add, Mr. Chairman,
that I have every confidence in those having
charge of the distribution of provisions; that
it will not be furnished to those who are not
destitute and in great danger of starvation.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I think
my colleague had better add a small appropria-
tion to send down gardeners to do the work for
them. [Laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I rise to
oppose the amendment of the gentleman from
Missouri. I wish to call attention to the fact
that the original Freedmen's Bureau bill, to
which this whole appropriation will be referred,
controls and governs as to the parties who are
to be affected. I will read the proviso show-
ing whowill be entitled to this bounty if this
appropriation should pass. It shows that all
those who can support themselves will not get
a single dollar of this money.
Mr. BINGHAM. Everyone ought to know
that, and I am glad the gentleman has referred
to it.
_ Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. The pro-
viso to which I refer is as follows:
Provided, That no person shall be deemed " desti-
tute," "suffering," or "dependentupon tho Govern-
ment for support," within the meaning of this act,
who is able to find employment, and could by proper
industry or exertion avoid such destitution, suffering,
or dependence.
The question was taken on Mr. Miller's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Bing-
ham's amendment.
Mr. FAK.NSWORTH. I move to insert
"of helpless or disabled," so that it will road
"all classes of helpless or disabled persons."
As it now reads it is to be given to all classes
of persons. They may have as much property
as they please elsewhere, but if they happen to
be in temporary want they are to be supplied
with all these things.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is not an amend-
ment to my amendment, but to the original
text.
Mr. PILE. I hope all these amendments
will be voted down, so that we may get to the
resolution.
The CHAIRMAN. Tho amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois is not now in order.
Mr. Bingham's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now move my
amendment, to insert after the word "classes"
the words, "of disabled or helpless persons."
It will confine the issue of these supplies to
helpless or disabled persons.
Mr. SCHENCK. Is it the object of the
gentleman to supply those who are disabled
from having performed military service in aid
of the rebellion?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is well under-
stood, I suppose, that I am not at all in favor
of this joint resolution; but if it is to pass, I
want to have it put into as good shape as pos-
sible. At least let the benefits of the measure
be confined to the needy, halpless, and dis-
abled, and not extended also to the sturdy and
strong.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Farnsworth.] It must be apparent to mem-
bers here that if his amc.ndrnent be adopted,
an able-bodied freedman who may be starving
for food, could not receive assistance under
this joint resolution. We here know the fact,
and the country knows the fact, that millions
of acres of land have been devastated by the
recent floods in the valley of the Tennessee.
The report has come officially to your Frecd-
men's Bureau that the inhabitants of that dis-
trict, of all classcs, without distinction, are
famishing for bread. Their houses are filled
with the waters; their lands are covered with
the waters; the products of their land have
been swept away by the floods; and yet the
gentleman stands up here and says that be-
cause the people may own lands that are inun-
dated by water, and are able-bodied, therefore
they must be left to starve.
Mr. BARNSWORTH. Will tho gentleman
allow me to say 
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; I hope his prop-
osition will be voted down.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Will my col-
league 
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir, not now. And I
desire to say further that by the terms of tho
original law controlling the regulations of the
Secretary of War he can only supply the fam-
ishing with food. They may be able-bodied
and still be famishing. Can you not trust your
Secretary of War, as you have trusted him
heretofore? Cannot you trust your Commis-
sioner of the Freedmen's Bureau, as you have
already trusted him with $12,000,000? Who
ever heard of either of them furnishing food to
able-bodied men who had the means to obtain
a subsistence for themselves? It is a reflec-
tion upon their integrity; and for their sake,
if for nothing else, I hope the committee will
vote down the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Fauns worth.]
Mr.* BROOMALL. I move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois by
striking out the words "disabled or" and in-
serting the words "destitute and;" so that
that portion will read." all classes of destitute
and helpless persons."
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the gentleman will
take out the word "and " and put in the word
" or."
Mr. BROOMALL. I think it is better as
it is.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I accept the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Broomall,] and modify my amendment
accordingly.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then a person must be
both helpless and destitute to be entitled to
qqiati
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Tho gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] says it is the duty of the
Government*!) aid and reed able-bodied men
who own acres of land if it should happen to
be covered with water just now. Now, I wish
to say W him that any man in the valley of the
Mississippi who owns a plantation, even though
it may be covered with water, can procure food
before he is able to raise it on his plantation.
I want to know of him if he considers it the
duty of the Government to supply bread to
men who own land, and who can obtain bread
by selling their land, and by their own labor?
Have we arrived to that point that no matter
how broad a man's acres may be, how well
able he may be to labor, yet if he happens by
some untoward circumstance to be for the
present deprived of bread, he shall not be
called upon to dispose of any of his land for
bread, or to earn it by his own labor, but ho
may come to the Treasury of the United States
to get means to obtain it?
Mr.- STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. With the
permission of the gentleman, I will say that
three of my constituents went down there with
several thousand dollars to purchase land, and
every one of them was robbed and murdered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. All over the country
there are people who have land, but no bread.
All over the country there are men who have
stout and healthy bodies who have no bread.
They, however, obtain bread by the sweat of
their'faces or by selling some of their land for
it. And while a man has strong arms to labor
with or an acre of land to sell it is his duty to
earn or buy his bread for himself, and not come
to the Government of the United States as a.
beggar and ask for it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Broomall] by striking out "and"
and inserting "or;" so that it will read "all
classes of destitute or helpless persons."
Mr. FARNSWORTH and others. Oh, no!
-Mr. BINGHAM. Gentlemen may say " Oh,
no," but I say " Oh, yes." I ask the gentleman
to accept it.
Mr. BROOMALL. I think my amendment
means precisely that now. But. I have no con-
trol over it myself and cannot now modify it,
because it has been accepted by the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] as a part of
his amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out "and" and in-
serting "or." And I beg leave to say that
if it means the same thing as the other no one
can well object to the change I propose. If
it does not mean the same thing, then I sub-
mit that the difference is just this: that before
relief can be extended to a person he must not
only be destitute, but also helpless, physically
helpless. If it means just the same thing, then
I ask gentlemen why they object to striking out
the word " and" and inserting tho word "or?"
For if you substitute the word " or" for the
word " and," then if they be destitute they can
be helped, or if they be helpless they can be
helped. That is all there is of it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not suppose the gen-
tleman means to say that if a person is helpless
but not destitute the bureau should assist him?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; but I mean to
say this: a person may be helpless away from
home and yet not be destitute, or not without
means of support when at home; or he may
be without food and yet not be physically help-
less. He may have been stricken with pa-
ralysis, or smitten with blindness, amidst the
terrible calamities which have swept over this
country.
Mr. BUTLER. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bing-
ham,] and in order to demonstrate my posi-
tion, I will ask the Clerk to read as a part of
my remarks the plan of the President of the
United States.
The Clerk read as follows:
Extract from Diary of Rebellion Record, volume six,
page 25, December 15,1862.
"Governor Johnson, of Tennessee, this clay issued
an order assessing certain individuals in the city of
Nashville, in various amounts, to bo paid in five
monthly installments, in behalf of the many helpless
widows, wives, and children in the city of Nashville
who have been reduced .to poverty and wretchedness
in consequence of their husbands, sons, and fathers
having been forced into the armies of this unholy
and nefarious rebellion."
Extract from Appleton's American Encyclopedia, vol-
ume  , page 769.
"About tho same time [latter part of 1862] Gov-
ernor Johnson published an order assessing tho
wealthy secessionists of Nashville and the vicinity
to the amount of #60,000 for tho support of the poor
during the winter."
Mr. SCHENCK. That is the plan embraced
in my substitute.
Mr. BUTLER. Now I ask how my friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] who'has got over
on the other side not only in body, but in spirit,
[laughter,] can afford to go against the policy
of the President, to which I call his attention?
There it is; that is the example set us by that
"great and good man" when he had the
power and the inclination. He taxed the rich
secessionist in order to feed the wives and
children of the poor men who had been forced
into this "nefarious rebellion." Now, I want
to do the same thing: nothing more and noth-
ing less.
Now, before I sit down, I want to make an-
other suggestion to our friends on the other
side, because I know what weighs on their
minds. I would ask them how they can vote
for the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham,] recognizing, as it does, that
abomination of abominations, the "negro bu-
reau," which they have always opposed?
[Here the hammer fell.]
