1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The question was -upon the motion of Mr.
Bingham to amend the amendment of Mr.
Pa.rnsivob.th by striking out "and" and.in-
serting " or so that it will read " all classes
of destitute or helpless people."
Mr. SHELLABARGJSR. - I desire to give
notice that when the proper time shall have
arrived I will move to amend by adding the
following:
,Provided, That no person shall be deemed' within
tae benefits of this act whose helplessnesses owing to
injuries received m the military service of the rebel-
lion.
The question was taken upon Mr. Bingham's
amendment to the amendment of Mr. E\arns-
worth ; and upon a division, there were—ayes
59, noes 39.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for tellers on
the amendment to the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Faknswobth
and Mr. Bingham'were appointed.
The committee again di-vided ; and the tell-
ers reported that there were—ayes seventy-
seven, noes not counted.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the last word.
I desire to say, Mr. Chairman, that it does
not become a gentleman who recorded his vote
fifty times for Jefferson Davis, the arch-traitor
in this rebellion, as his candidate for Presi-
dent of the United States, to undertake to
damage this cause by attempting to cast an
imputation either upon my integrity or my
honor. I repel with scorn and contempt any
utterance of that sort from any man, whether
he be the hero of Fort Fisher not taken or of
Fort Fisher taken. [Laughter.] I stand here
also in the name of the American people to
repel with scorn the attempt to levy charity by
confiscation, in violation of the Constitution
of my country. That, sir, is the proposition
which the gentleman dares to offer in an Amer-
ican Congress in the sacred name of charity.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. All debate by order of
the House is exhausted.
Mr. BUTLER. I understood the Chair to
state a while ago that all debate would close at
fifteen minutes past three o'clock.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair stated that
the hour to which debate had been limited
would expire at eighteen minutes after three
o'clock.
Mr. BUTLER. So that the gentleman from
Ohio had just enough time to make a personal
attack upon me.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask the privilege of reply-
ing to the gentleman from Ohio.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can ask
the privilege of the House, but not of the com-
mittee.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask it of the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee is not
competent to grant the privilege.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope that by unani-
mous consent the committee will grant the
gentleman the privilege. This is a subject
which I should be glad to have ventilated.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee piust
rise for that purpose. The Chairman is act-
ing under the express order of the House,
that all debate be limited to one hour.
Mr. B'ARNSWORTH. I move that the
committee rise.
On the motion there were—ayes 4-5, noes 58.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I call for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Fakns-
iroitTH and Bixgham were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
jeported—ayes 67, noes (j'2.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Blaine
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union having, according to
263
order, had the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly Senate joint resolu-
tion No. 16, for the relief of the destitute in
the southern and southwestern States, had
come to no resolution thereon.
message bitom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
indefinitely postponed a joint resolution and a
bill of the following titles:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 18) to extend
to the employes in the first division of the
National Currency Bureau, Treasury Depart-
ment, the provisions of the joint resolution
approved February 28, 1867, giving additional
compensation to certain employ6s in the civil
service at Washington ; and
An act (H. R. No. 73) to exempt ladders
from internal tax.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed "an act (H. R. No. 72) to exempt
wrapping-paper made from wood or corn-
stalks from internal tax, with amendments, in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested.
relief of destitute in the south again.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I propose to move
to reconsider the vote restricting debate in
Committee of the Whole on this bill; but
before making that motion I will yield to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,]
who desires an opportunity to reply to the gen-
tleman from Ohio.
The SPEAKER. It will require unanimous
consent for the gentleman from Massachusetts
to make his remarks at this time, as the bill is
not before the House, but in Committee of the
Whole. If the gentleman will indicate how
much time he desires, the Chair will ask
unanimous consent for him to proceed now.
Mr.'BUTLER. Ten minutes.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the House will
grant unanimous consent, and not permit the
gentleman from Massachusetts to be "bottled
up" in this manner. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. If no gentleman objects,
the Chair will understand that the gentleman
from Massachusetts has unanimous consent to
speak for ten minutes.
There was no objection.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I am under
infinite obligations to the House for its kind-
ness in my behalf; and I will endeavor to avoid
trespassing unduly upon its time.
I have never concealed, Mr. Speaker, the
fact which is now so offensively put forward,
that before the war I, in the convention of my
party, voted fifty-seven times for Jefferson
Davis for President. I thought him the rep-
resentative man of the South, and I hoped by
his nomination to prevent threatened disunion.
I was foiled, and disunion came. The differ-
ence between me and the honorable gentlemau
from Ohio is this : while Jefferson Davis was
in the Union, a Senator of the United States,
and claiming to be a friend of the Union I sup-
ported him; but he now supports him when he
is a traitor. [Laughter.] I left him as soon
as he left the Union. [Renewed laughter.] I
saw the error of my ways.and repented; but I
did not expect that a blow would be made
against me from that direction, from the side
of the House that supported him then and have
supported him ever since, and are still support-
ing him and his friends.
I did not mean to impugn the honor of the
gentlemj.il from Ohio or his integrity. I only
said that I thought he was on the other side
of the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman par-
don me. If the gentleman had qualified his
remark by saying that he only thought so, I
would not have said a word in reply. The
gentleman did not qualify his words by any
such expression.
Mr. BUTLER. The words I used.^ if I am
not mistaken, were these: that he was in spirit,
as he was in bocly, on the other side of the
House. I thought so then, I think so now; I
said so then, I say so now, [laughter,] and I
cannot take it back.
The gentleman has the had taste to attack
me for the reason that I could not do any more
injury to the enemies of my country. I agree to
that. I did all I could, the best I could. Other
men of more -ability could do more; and no
man is more ready to give them thehignest plau-
dits for valor and discretion and conduct than
1 am. And because I could not do more I feel
exceedingly chagrined; l ut if during the war
the gentleman from Ohio did as much as I did
in that direction I shall be glad to recognize
that much done. But the only victim of the
gentleman's prowess that I know of was an
innocent woman hung upon the scaffold, one
Mrs. Surratt. And I can sustain the memory
of Fort Fisher if he and his present associates
can sustain him in shedding tile blood of a
woman tried by a military commission and
convicted without sufficient evidence in my
judgment.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Chairman, I desire
to make a remark or two, and I hope I will
have the consent of the House.
The CHAIRMAN. How long does the gen-
tleman want?
Mr. BINGHAM. Five minutes.
There was no objection.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Chairman, although
I have seen ten years of service in the Congress
of the United States, the gentleman will look
in vain for one remark of mine personal to any
man upon this floor save when I replied to
gratuitous assaults upon me; and I beg leave
to add, scarcely a word of mine can be found
in the proceedings of this House which can be
construed into unkindness toward a fellow-
member. I have observed the amenities of
debate in the House and the amenities of per-
sonal conduct out of the House in such meas-
ure as I trust entitles me to the respect and
consideration of those who know me best.
Sir, the gentleman talks about matters of taste
in which he is doubtless a master, and as a
matter of taste constitutes himself my judge
and undertakes to decide upon the integrity
of my conduct as a sworn Representative of
the people. I respectfully challenge the gen-
tleman's fitness to be my accuser and deny hia
right to judge of my official conduct. When I
had thus answered the gentleman's gratuitous
assertion that I had abandoned and betrayed
my principles, feeling that he had done dis-
honor to himself and injustice to me, he vainly
seeks to qualify his rude assertion by saying
that he only said he thought so. Sir, if he had
said that he only thought or feared that I had
abandoned principle because I ventured to dif-
fer from him, it would never have disturbed
my equanimity and would have elicited no re-
ply from me. Indeed, sir, what the gentleman
thought about my official action would have
given me no more concern than it would con-
cern me to know what his thoughts are
upon the question " who killed Cock Robin."
[Laughter.]
But, sir, the gentleman has shown the same
want of consideration for the rights of others
in the remarks he has just made by the favor
of this House as was shown by him when this
day he first assailed my official action without
excuse or provocation. By what right, sir,
does the gentleman now constitute himself the
judge, not only of his peer upon this floor, but
the judge of men who were his peers in the
field, men who stood in the day of battle only
■where brave men dare stand, in the thick dark-
ness of the great conflict where the earthquake
and the fire led the charge, and the victory was
won not without suffering and death ?
The gentleman denounces me as having exe-
cuted an innocent person without evidence.
I have executed no person, but acted as the
advocate of the United States on the trial of
persons who were charged with and convicted
of the assassination of Abraham Lincoln. The
gentleman pronounces, with the assurance of
Sir Oracle, that an innocent woman was on
that trial convicted without sufficient evidence.
By what right does the gentleman thus ;
