264
TSE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
March 21,
me, or the tribunal of tru.e and brave an.d hon:
orablfe men who found the facts upon their oaths
and pronounced the judgment? What does the
gentleman know of the evidence in the case,,
and what does he care for evidence when he
thus assails the official conduct of the men who
constituted the court?
Does the gentleman hope -to* condemn me
for the judgment that was pronounced by
the brave men who yr$re constituted by the
order of your President a court to hear .and
determine that issue*" of life and death upon
their oaths according to the evidence ? He can-
not, sir, condemn me for the act of others,
- whatever he may endeavor. Malice itself, sir,
cannot hold me to answer for the judgment of
others. It is due to justice to say that the
judgment of that honorable court is not with-
out testimony .to sustain it. Sir, I leave this
accusation by saying to the gentleman, in the
words of a man who, though pronounced by
a cynical poet—
" The wisest, brightest, meanest of mankind,"
was a man, the l&tchet of whose shoes the gen-
tleman would be unfit to unloose, that it is the
duty of a " good judge to hear patiently.'' The
gentleman constitutes himself my judge with-
out right, and pronounces judgment against me
without a hearing.
As the gentleman thus seeks to condemn me
unheard and without warrant of law or color
of justice in his high position as a statesman,
I would remind him of another utterance of
the Lord High Chancellor of England, that
"Statesmen of greatest depths and compass
have been touched with an inward sense and
knowledge of Deity."
Let those who have witnessed the gentle-
man's bearing in this controversy toward me,
and who have heard his rude and unwarranted
judgment upon my official conduct here and
elsewhere, decide whether he has exhibited
the character of a good judge, a great stales-
man, or a gross calumniator. Whether in the
discharge of the delicate trust committed to
me on the trial of those convicted of assas-
sination I condemned and executed the inno-
cent, or even the guilty, with or without evi-
dence, I leave to the charitable speeches and
just judgment of men and the recorded facts
of history.
While I offer no apology for my official con-
duct on that trial, I beg leave to say that it
was fit that the assassination of the chosen of
the people, in the capital of the people and
in the felt presence of their laws, not for his
crimes but for his virtues, should be investi-
gated, and that swift judgment should fall upon
those guilty of his murder, and who would not
spare his life, even at the moment when from his
great soul the words went up to our common
Father: " Charity toward all and malice toward
none." When summoned to that stern duty I
protested that I was not equal to the task, and
those who summoned me to its discharge know
best with what reluctance I entered upon it.
But, sir, upon the record that has been made
I stand and defy the gentleman's calumny.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
that the House adjourn. We have had enough
for the present.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on the
Rules desire to report to-day, and have been
waiting to do so.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I with-
draw the motion for the present.
committee on education and labok.
Mr. BANKS. The Committee on the Rules,
to whom was referred the resolution offered by
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Baker] for
the appointment of a standing committee on
labor,_ respectfully report that as the recent
establishment of a Department of Education
seems to render necessary the organization of
a committee on that subject, they propose the
adoption of the following rule, upon which I
call the previous question:
Rule —. There shall be appointed at each Congress
a Committeo rui Education and Labor, to consist of
rune members, to whom shall be referred ail peti- |
tions, bills, reports,, and resolutions on those sub-
jects, and who shall'from time to time report thereon.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the rule was adopted.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the rule was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
post office department.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting an account of receipts
and expenditures for the service of the Post
Office Department for the year ending June 30,
1866 ; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
indian treaties.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting an estimate of appropri-
ations necessary to fulfill treaty stipulations
with the Chippewa Indians west of the Mis-
sissippi ; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
mileage.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted a report from the Committee
on the Judiciary on the Speaker's inquiry as
to the mileage due to members of the Fortieth
Congress. The conclusion of the report was
read as follows :
The committee, therefore, conclude that members
of the present Congress who were members of tbo
Thirty-Ninth Congress aro not entitled to receive
any payment on account of mileage until tho first
day of tho session commencing on the first Monday
of December, 1867.
The report was agreed to; and, on motion of
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, it was ordered to be
printed.
enrolled joint resolution signed.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 15) suspending all proceedings in
relation to payment for slaves drafted or re-
ceived as volunteers in the military service of
the United States.
property lost in military service.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken 'from the Speaker's table and
referred Senate joint resolution No. 22, de-
claring the meaning of the second section of
the act of March 2, 1861, relative to property
lost in the military service.
No objection was made.
The joint resolution was accordingly taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was referred; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adjournment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, (at three
o'clock and forty-five minutes, p. m.) I now
renew my motion that the House adjourn.
The question was taken; and upon a division,
there were—ayes 45, noes 69.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, said: 1
ask for the yeas and nays on the motion to ad-
journ : we have been here long enough for one
day.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays: and there were—ayes seven-
teen ; not one fifth of the last vote.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for tellers on
ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Farnsworth
and Mr. Ames were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were Sweaty-sis in the
affirmative.
So (the affirmative bging, more than one
fifth of the,vote last taken) the yeas and nays
were ordered.
The question .was taken upon the motion to
adjourn; and it was decided in the negative—
yeas 49, nays 86, not voting 80, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, DeloS R. Ashley, Baldwin,
Eeaman, Benton, Blair, Butler, Cake, Beaded W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Covode,
Dodge, Eggleston, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Fields, Fin-
ney, Gravely, Hooper, Judd, William Lawrence, Lo-
gan, McCarthy, Mcrcur, Moore, Newoomb, O'Neill,
Paine, Perham, Sawyer, Sehenck, Scofield, Shanks,
Shellabarger, Aaron P. Stevens, Thaddens Stevensi
Taylor, Upson, Van Wyck, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Welker. Thomas Williams, William Williams,
James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, and Windom—49.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Archer, Baker,
Banks, Barnes, Benjamin, Bingham, Blaine, Boyer,
Brooks, Broomall, Buckland, Burr. Churchill. Cnl-
lom, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Ela, Eldridse, Ferry,
Fox, Getz. Glossbrenncr, Haight, Halsey, Hamilton,
Hayes, Hill, Holman, Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Chester D. Hubbard, Iiutburd, Humphrey, Hunter,
Julian, Kerr, Keteham, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin,
Lincoln, Loan, Loughridge, Mallory, Marshall, Mar-
vin, Miller. Morrissey, Mungen, Myers, Nib lack,
Nicholson, Noell, Orth, Peters, Pile, Plants, Poland,
Polsley, Pruyn, Randall, Robertson, Robinson, Ross,
Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding, Stewart, Tabcr, Taffe,
Thomas, Trowbridge, Twitchell, Van Aernam, Van
Aukcn, Burt Van Horn, Van Trump, Ward, Henry
D. Washburn, Stephen F.Wilson, Wood, and Wood-
bridge—85.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James M. Ashley, Bout-
well, Bromwell, Chanler, Cornell, Dawes, Denison,
Eliot, Garfield, (Jriswold, Harding, Ingersoll, Iielley,
Kelsey, George V. Lawrence, Lynch, McClurg, Mc-
Cullough, Moorhead, Morgan, Morrell, Phelps, Pike,
Pomeroy, Piice, Raum, Selye, Stone, Robert T. Van
Horn, and William B. Washburn—30.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
relief of destitute in the south.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the rules be
suspended and that the House now resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole upon
Senate joint resolution No. 16. I will state
that all I desire is to have the consideration
of that joint resolution concluded in Commit-
tee of the Whole and have it reported to the
House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Before that question
is voted upon I move to reconsider the vote
by which debate upon this joint resolution was
terminated in the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes seventj'-four, noes not
counted.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
The question recurred on the motion of
Mr. Bingham, that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole upon Senate
joint resolution No. 16.
Mr. BINGHAM. All I desire is to have
the joint resolution acted upon in the commit-
tee and reported to the House, so that we may
have a vote upori it to-morrow.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I call for
the yeas and nays upon the motion to go into
the Committee of the Whole.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 82, nays 63, not voting
29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Archer, Baker,
Banks, Barnes, Bingham, Blaine, Boyer, Brooks,
Broomall, Buckland, Burr, Chanler, Churchill, Cul-
lom, Donnelly, Driggs, Eggleston, Eldridge, Ferry,
Fox, Gotz, Glossbrenner, Haight, Halsey, Hamilton,
Hayes, Hill. Holman, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Julian,
Kerr, Keteham, Kitchen, Koontz, Lafiin, Lincoln,
Mallory, Marshall, Marvin, Miller, Morrissey, Mun-
gen, Uiblack, Nicholson, Orth, Peters, Pile, Plants,
Poland, Polsley, Pruyn, Randall, Robertson, Robin-
son, Ross, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding,
Stewart, I'aber, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge,
Twitchell, Van Aernam, Van Auken, Burt Van
Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Va,n Trump, Ward,
Henry D. Washburn, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood,
and Woodbridge—82.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, DelosR. Ashley, Baldwin,
Benton, Blair. Butler, Cake, Reader W. Clarke, Sid-
ney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Covode, Dodge,
Eckley, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Fields, Finney, Gravely,
Hunter, Ingersoll, judd, William Lawrence, Loan,
Logan, Loughridge, McCarthy, McCIurg, Mereur,
Moore, Morrell, Myers, Newcomb, Noell, O'Neill,
Paine, Perham, Sawyer, Sehenck, Scofield, Shanks,
Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Upson, Van
Wyck, Cadwalader, C. Washburn, Welker, Thomas
Williams, William Williams, James F.Wilson, John
T. Wilson, and Windom—53.
