1867.
THE C.QWBESSIONAL GLOBS.
j^OT VOTING—Messrs. James Xvl. Ashley^ Bea-
man, Benjamin. Boutwell, Bromwell, Cornell, Dawes.
Dcriison, Ela, Eliot, Garfield, G-riswo In," Harding, Hop-
kins, Kelltsy, Kelsey, George V. "Lawrence, Lynch,
MoCullough, Moorhead, MorgaivPhelps, Pike, Pom-
eroy, Price, Raum, Selye, Stone, and William B.
Washburn—29.
So the motion was .agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Blaine in the chair,)_ and re-
sumed the consideration of Senate joint reso-
lution No. 16, for the relief of the destitute in
the southern and southwestern States.
The pending question was upon the follow-
ing amendment, offered by Mr. Faknsworth:
In line three, after the word "classes" insert the
words "of destitute or helpless persons."
The amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the substitute
offered by Mr. Schenck: for the following,
offered by Mr. Butler:
Strike out all after the resolving clause andsubsti-
tute as follows:
That the sum of $1,000,000 be appropriated, to be
expended under the direction of tbe Secretary of War,
in relieving the widows and children of Union sol-
diers starved to death in the rebel prisons of Ander-
sonville, Salisbury, Libby, Millen, and Belle Isle.
The substitute of Mr. Schenck was read, as
follows:
Strike out all after the resolving clause and insert:
That the several district commanders of the mili-
tary districts deiined by an act entitled "An act to
provide for a more efficient government for the rebol
States," approved March 2,1867, shall have power to
assess and collect by military authority, ratably
upon all persons within thoir districts, respectively,
owning more than one hundred and sixty acres of
land, or who shall have an income of more than six
hundred doiters a year, such sum or sums as such
commander may deem necessary to relieve and pro-
vide for the destitution and pauperism of the people
in his district not within the provisions of the act
concerning abandoned lands, refugees, and froed-
men: Provided, That all moneys raised by such
assessments shall be applied to the purposes of such
relief, and no other.
Sec. 2. Andbe it further resolved, That for the pur-
pose of collecting such assessments, sueh command-
ers shall severally have, in addition to their military
authority, the same powers and authority to levyand
collect, by sale or otherwise, such assessments as were
vested bylaw in the tax commissioners, under an act
entitled "An act for the collection of direct taxes
in insurrectionary States, and for other purposes/
passed June 7,1862, and the acts amendatory thereof,
so far as the same may be applicable; which power
of levy, collection, and sale may be exercised by said
dlstrictcommanders severally, either in person or by
a commission duly appointed by each of said mili-
tary commanders, and all acts and proceedings m
such assessment, levy, and collection shall be- as
valid, to all intents and piirposes, as if done and car-
ried on under and by virtue of the provisions of said
last mentioned act.
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved.. That the sumsi so
raised by assessment shall be distributed and applied
for relief as aforesaid by the several district com-
manders. respectively, either by such officers or mili-
taiy commissions as they may detail, or through the
agents of the Bureau of Abandoned Lands, Reiu-
gees, and Freedmen of their several districts, at his
election, who shall be the agents of said district corn-
in ander for this purpose; and said district commander
shall cause a full, true, accurate, and explicit account
to be kept, and return to be made of his receipts and
expenditures, and of his doings under and by virtue
of this act, to the Secretary of War, who shall audit
and adiust such accounts in the same manner as the
accounts of other disbursing officers ox the War de-
partment are audited and adjusted.
Sec. 4. And bp. it further resolved, That to meet the
pressing exigencies of the wants of people of his dis-
trict, the commander of eaoh of said distncts may
require for and receive from the Commissary (general
of Subsistence such rations of food, from time to
time, as he may deem sufficient to meet such exigen-
cies and afford proper relief, to be distributed by him
in the manner aforesaid; and said commander shall,
out of the sums so assessed and collccted, as soon as
may be, reimburse a$td pay the subsistence depart-
ment for all rations so required by him at the prime
cost thereof, with a reasonable amount for transporta-
tion of the same: Provided, however, That no relief
shall be given or afforded to any able-bodied unmar-
ried man, or to any family wherein an able-bodied
inmate is residing, who is not continuously employed
in some manual labor during the time of giving such
relief.
Tbe question being taken on agreeing to tbe
substitute of Mr. Schenck, it was declared
not agreed to.
MrT SCHENCK called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered 5 and Messrs. Schenck
and Boyer were appointed.
The committee divided j and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 49, noes 68.
So the substitute of Mr. Schekck was not
agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of
BcstJiR, to strike out all afterthe resolving
clftuee and insert the following:
That the sum of ^1,000)000 be appropriated, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary of W ar,
in relieving the widows and children of Union sol-
diers starved to death rathe rebel prisons of Andcr-
sonville, Salisbury, Libby,.Millen/and Belle Isle.
The question being taken on t he amendment,
it was declared not agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bnsaaas
and HoiiMAN were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 35, noes 68.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. PILE. I now offer the following sub-
stitute :
Strike out all after the resolving clause and insert
in lieu thereof the following;
That the Secretary of War be, and is hereby, au-
thorized, through the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen,
and Abandoned Lands, to extend at his discretion
the distribution of food and clothing authorized by
existing laws to be issued to refugees and freedmen
in the late insurrectionary States so as to inolude
all destitute women, children, and helpless persons
in the said insurrectionary States.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask for the reading of
the resolution as already amended by the com-
mittee.
The Clerk read as follows :
Besolved by the Senate and Souse of Representatives,
&c., That the Secretary of War be, and hereby is,
empowered and directed to issue-supplies of food
sufficient to prevent starvation and extreme want
among -all classes of destitute or helpless .persons in
those southern and southwestern States where a
failure of the crops and other causes have occasioned
wide-spread destitution; that the issues be made
through the Freedmen's Bureau, under such regula-
tions as the Secretary of War shall prescribe; and to
that end the Secretary of War is hereby authorized
and directed through the Commissioner of the Freed-
men's Bureau to apply so much as he may deem neces-
sary for the purposes aforesaid of the unexpended
moneys heretofore appropriated to supply freedmen
and refugees with provisions or rations.
Mr. FAKNSWORTH. I move to amend
the text of the resolution by inserting after
'' southern and southwestern States'' the words
"and all other parts of the United Statesso
that this relief may not be confined to any par-
ticular section of the country, but may be ex-
tended wherever destitution exists.
On the amendment of Mr.. Farnsworth
there were—ayes 40, noes 60.
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. ITarns-
worth and Bingham were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 44, noes 66.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Irenewmyamend-
ment, as follows:
Provided, 1N0 person shall be deemed within the
benefits of this act whose helplessness is owing to
injuries received in the military service of the re-
bellion.
The eommittee divided; and there were—
ayes 42, noes 39.
Mr. SHELLABARGER demanded telleft.
Tellers were ordered 5 and Mr. Shellabar-
ger and Mr. Niblack were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 41, noes 09.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move the following
as additional sections;
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved. That for the pur-
pose of reimbursing the Government for the moneys
expended under this act, the several district com-
manders for the military districts defined by an act
entitled "a11 act to provide for a more efficient gov-
ernment for the rebel States, approved March 2,
1867, shall have power to assess and collect by mili-
tary authority, ratably upon all persons within their
district, respectively, owning more than; one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land, or who shall have an
income of more than &600 a year, such sum or sums
as such commander may deem necessary to relieve
and provide for the destitution and pauperism of
the people in his district not within the provisions
of the act concerning abandoned lands, refugees, and
fr|eifcm31aAnd be it further resolved, That for the pur-
pose of collecting such assessments, such command-
ers shall severally have, in addition to their military
authority the same powers and authority to levy
and collect, bv sale or otherwise, such assessments
as were vested by law in the tax commissioners
under an act entitled " An act for the
direct taxes m insurrectionary States, and tor otner
purposes," passed «Tun<^ 7,1862, and the, act? amxsnda-
tory thereof, so.far .as the same may be applicable,;
which power of tevy, collection, and s sale may. bo
excreted by said district commanders severally,
either m person or by a^ommi^sion appointed
by each of said military commanders, and all.'scts
and proccedmgsm sutjh assessment, levy,'and do'Ueo-
tion .shall be as valid, to all intends and pur^opes^ as
if donp ana c.amcd on under -ana by virtue of the
provisions of said last mentioned act.
The cojpmittee divided; arid there were—
ayes 27, noes 61. ,
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to add the following
proviso:
Pnmided, That the Secretary of WaT -hall not
extend the expenditure beyond the appropriations
already made for the Freedmen's Bureau for the
current year.
The committee divided; and there' were—
ayes 50, noes 58.
Mr. SCHENCK demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Logau and
Mr. Abcher were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 55, noes 64. «
So *he amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BUTLER. I move to insert after the
words ''insurrectionary States" these words,
'' except Tennessee." I do not want to put
her in such bad company. She is recon-
structed, and has her own government.
The amendment was disagreed to. ;
The question then recurred on Mr. Pile's
substitute, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting: clause and insert
the following: " That the Secretary of War bo.andis
hereby, authorized, through the Bureau of Kefugees,
Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands, to extend at his
discretion the distribution of food and clothing au-
thorized by existing laws to be issued to refugees
and freedmen in the late insurrectionary States, so
as to include all destitute women, childen, and help-
less persons in the said insurrectionary States."
Mr. PILE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Pile and Mr.
Peters were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 50, noes 65.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to add to the original
resolution the following:
Provided, That the expenditure shall not extend
beyond the appropriations already made for the
Freedmen's Bureau.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is already in the bill.
Mr. LOGAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Brooks and
Mr. Judd were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 65, noes 45.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the com-
mittee rise and report the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Blaine
reportsd that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, according to order,
had had the Union generally under considera-
tion, and particularly Senate joint resolution
No. 10, for the relief of the destitute in the
southern and southwestern States, and had
directed him to report the same back to the
House with several amendments.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move the previous ques-
tion on the bill and amendments.
Mr. ALLISON (at four o'clock and fifty-five
minutes) moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the previous question is
secondedj^.ftn willing to allow it to go over
till to-morrow.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. ALLISON. Then I insist on the motion
to adjourn.
The House refused to adjourn—ayes 44,
noes 63.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I now
move to adjourn, and on that I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understood the
gentleman from Ohio to say that he would
