266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
allow the matter to go over till to-morrow. A
good many gentlemen have gone home.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman is aware
that my own friends object.
The yeas and nays were ordered;
Mr. BLAINE. I think there is an agreement
on our side of the House, as the previous ques-
tion is seconded, not to adjourn.
Mr. PAINE. What does the gentleman
mean by " our side of the House?"
Mr. BLAINE. I mean the side in favor of
feeding the starving.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 64, nays 65, not voting
35 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Baldwin, Bent&n,
Blaino, Blair, Broomall, Butler, Cake, Churchill,
Header W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke. Cobb, Cook, Co-
vode, Cullom, Dodge, Driggs, Eekley, Farnsworth,
Ferriss, Fields, Finney, Gravely, Hooper, Hopkins,
Hunter, Judd, Lallin, William Lawrence, Loan,
Logan, Loughridge, McCarthy, McClurg, Mercur,
Miller, Moore, Morrell; Newcomb, O'Neill, Paine,
Perham-, Peters, Pile, Sawyer, Schenck, Seolield,
SHanks, Shellabarger, Spalding, Aaron F. Stevens,
Thaddeus Steven?, Taylor, Upson, Van Wyck, Ward,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Wil-
liams, William Williams, James P. Wilson, Windom,
and Wood—64.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Archer, Baker, Banks,
Barnes, Bingham, Boyer, Buckland, Burr, Chanler,
Coburn, Donnelly, Etdridgc, Ferry, Fox, Getz, Gloss-
brenner, Haight, Halsey, Hamilton, Hayes, Hill,
Holman, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Humphrey, Julian, Kerr, Ketcham, Kitch-
en, Koontz, Lincoln, Mallory, Marshall, Marvin,
Morrisscy, Mungen, Myers, Niblack, Nicholson,
Noell, Orth, Poland, Polsley, Pruyn, Randall, Rob-
ertson, Robinson, Ross, Sitgreaves, Smith, Stewart,
Taber, Taffe, Thomas, Trowbridge, Twitchell, Van
Aornam, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Robert
T. Van Horn, Van Trump, Henry D. Washburn,
and Woodbridge—65.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, James
M. Ashley, Beaman, Benjamin, Boutwell, Bromwell,
Brooks. Cornell, Dawes,'Denison, Egglestoru Ela,
Eliot, Garfield, Griswold, Harding, Ingersoll, Kelley,
Kelscy, George V. Lawrence, Lynch, MeCullough,
Moorhead, Morgan, Phelps, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy,
Prico, Raum, Sclyc, Stone, William B. Washburn,
John T. Wilson, and Stephen F. Wilson—35.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, if the House
adjourns, by common consent cannot the vote
be taken on this resolution to-morrow at one
o'clock without delay?
The SPEAKER. If the House adjourns
with this resolution pending as it is now,
with the two amendments reported by the
Committee of the Whole, it will come up the
first thing after the reading of the Journal to-
morrow morning, under the operation of the
previous question, and it cannot be debated.
Mr. BINGHAM. What I desire is, to get a
vote on the resolution; and if the House is
ready to vote upon it to-morrow without any
dilatory motion, with that view I move that the
House adjourn.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I believe that
motion is not in order, no business having
intervened since the vote just taken on the
motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in
order.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that when the
House adjourn it adjourn to nfeet on Satur-
day next.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask unanimous consent
that the vote be taken fo-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move a call of the
House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will first count
the House, as the call is not in order under the
operation of the previous question unless upon
a count a quorum is found not td'W.in attend-
ance. Does the gentleman state th'at there is
not a quorum present?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not state that.
Mr. ALLISON. I insist on my motion.
Mr. SCHENCK. Has the main question
been ordered upon this joint resolution.
The SPEAKER. It has.
_ Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to_ recon-
sider the vote by which the main question was
ordered.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not now in
order. The pending motion, which was made as
the Cliair understands in order to have some
business transacted before -another motion to
adjourn can be made, is the motion of the gen-
tleman from Iowa, [Mr. Allison,] that when
the House adjourn to-day, it be to meet on
Saturday next.
. The question, was taken on the motion of
Mr. Allison, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I move that the
House now adjourn.
The question was taken; and upon a division,
there were—ayes 68, noes 44.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BINGHAM called for the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 82, nays 30, not voting
52 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Baker, Baldwin,
Benton, Bingham, Blair, Boutwell, Boyer, Broomall,
Butler, Cake, Chanler, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Covode, Dodge,
Driggs, Eckley, Ela, Eldridgc, Farnsworth, Ferriss,
Fields, Getz. Glossbrenner, Halsey, Hamilton, Hill,
Hopkins,.Hulburd, Humphrey, Hunter, Judd, Julian,
Kerr, Ketchain, Kitchen, William Lawrence, Loan,
Logan, Loughridge, Mallory, Marvin, McCarthy,
McClurg, Mercur, Miller, M'orrell, Neiveomb, Nib-
lack, Nicholson, O'Neill, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pile,
Poland, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shanks, Shella-
barger, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Taber,
Trowbridge, Twite hell, Upson, Burt VanHorn, Ward,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Henry D. Washburn,
Welker, Thomas Williams, William Williams, James
F. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—82.  
NAYS — Messrs. Anderson, Archer, Buckland,
Burr, Donnelly, Ferry, Gravely, Ha.ight, Holman,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Koontz,
Mungen. Myers, Noell, Polsley, Pruyn, Randall,
Robertson, Robinson, Ross, Spalding, Stewart, Tafife,
Van Aernam, Van Auken. Robert T. Van Horn,
Van Trump. Windom, and Woodbridge—30.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, James
M. Ashley, Banks, Barnes, Beaman, Benjamin,
Blaine, Bromwell, Brooks, Cornell, Cullom, Dawes,
Denison, Eggleston, Eliot, Finney, Fox, Garfield,
Griswold, Harding, Hayes, Hooper, Ingersoll, Kelley,
Kelsey, Lallin, George V.Lawrence, Lincoln, Lynch,
Marshall, MeCullough, Moore, Moorhead, Morgan,
Morrisscy, Orth, Phelps, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy,
Pricc, Raum,Selyc, Sitgreaves,Smith,Stone, Taylor,
Thomas, Van Wyck, William B.Washburn, Stephen
F. Wilson, and Wood—52.
So the motion was agreed to; and accord-
ingly (at five o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
'petitions, etc.
The following petitions, <fce., were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By the SPEAKER: Resolutions of Soldiers' and
Sailors' Union of Washington city.
By Mr. BEAMAN: The petition of citizens of Mich-
igan, each of whom lost a leg in the service, praying
for the passage of a law for the relief of soldiers who
having lost a leg in the service have been obliged to
obtain an artificial leg at their own expense.
Also, the petition of John MeKerity, praying for
an act of Congress authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue an enrollment and license to the
schooner China and bark Southampton.
By Mr. KOONTZ: The petition of D. S. Beek-
stresser, of Bedford county, Pennsylvania, praying
for ail appropriation to defray tile expenses incurred
by him in a prosecution brought against him in the
United States court at Pittsburg, Pennsylvania.
<py Mr. WISDOM: A memorial of the Legislature
oi Minnesota, for a mail route from Hutchinson, in
McLeod county, via Lynn, Collins, Lake Preston,
Beaver Falls, to Redwood Falls, in Redwood county,
Minnesota.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State
of Minnesota, for a mail route from Rushford, in
Fillmore county, m said State, to Decorah, in the
State of Iowa.
Also, a memorial for a grant of lands to aid in the
construction of a wagon-road from the western line
of the State of Minnesota to Helena, in the Terri-
tory of Montana.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Dakota Territory,
asking for a grant of lands to aid in the construction
of the Minnesota and Missouri River railroad.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 22, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
resolutions adopted at a public meeting of sol-
diers and sailors held in Washington city on
the 18th instant, in favor of the passage of a
just and equitable bounty law, and increasing
the pay of employes of the Government, and
the employment of none but soldiers or sailors
upon the Capitol police force, and the estab-
lishment of a Bureau of Education; wiichwere
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FERRY presented the petition of H.
Bingham and others, citizens of Connecticut,
praying Congress to take the necessary steps to
carry into effect the laws of the United States
which are now set at naught in the Territory
of Utah, and particularly to protect citizens of
the United States without distinction of race,
occupation, or religion in the enjoyment of
their rights as citizens in that Territory; which
was referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. COLE presented a petition of citizens
of California, praying for a reorganization of
the United States district court for the south-
ern district of California; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the petition of A.
B. Davis, President of the Union Plank or
Turnpike Road Company, praying for the pas-
sage of a law purchasing out the roadway and
franchises of the Washington and Rockville
turnpike, and taking the same under the au-
thority of the United States or transferring the
roadway and franchises to the Union Plank
or Turnpike Road Company; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. RAMSEY presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of a grant
of land to aid in the construction of a railroad
from the head of Lake Superior to the Pacific
ocean, and also the construction of a railroad
from the falls of St. Anthony to a point of
junction with the Northern Pacific railroad on
the Red River of the North; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, and ordered to bo printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of the establish-
ment of a mail route from New Auburn to
New Ulm, in that State; which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of the improve-
ment of the Mississippi river, commencing
near the mouth of the Minnesota river, to the
falls of St. Anthony; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
bo printed.
Mr. NORTON presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of a grant
of lands to aid in the construction of the Sioux
City and St. Paul railroad of the State of
Iowa, the Minnesota Valley railroad of Min-
nesota, and the Lake Superior and Mississippi
railroad of Minnesota; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of a grant of
land to aid in the construction of the Owa-
tonna and State Line railway; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of a tri-weekly
mail line from Carver to Glencoe, in that
State ; which was referred to the Ccrtnmittee
on Post Offices and Post Rpads, and ordered
to be printed.
richard busteed, junior.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I am instructed by
the Committee on Pensions, to whom was "re-
ferred the petition of Richard Busteed, jr., to
report a bill for his relief, and I am further
authorized by the committee, in consideration
of the peculiar circumstances of this case, to
ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 90)
for the relief of Richard Busteed, jr., was read
twice by its title, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It directs the Secretary of
the Interior to cause to be paid to Richard
Busteed, jr., late captain battery C, Chicago
light artillery, the sum of $1,217 66, being
