1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!
267
the pension of a captain from the 7th day of
November, 1861, the date of his honorable dis-
charge from the service, until the 30th day of
January, 1867, the date from-which a pension
has been granted to him.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I should like to state
that the petitioner in this case was in the early
part of the war shattered considerably by the
recoil of a piece of ordnance, and in that situa-
tion he became afflicted with rheumatism, and
that has progressed to such an extent that he
is utterly and entirely helpless. He cannot
stand on his feet or move in bed without the
assistance of several persons. He requires
four or five attendants daily. He has spent all
the money he had, to the amount of $7,000,
and is entitled, as the committee think, to this
relief. Having asked at such a time'as this
that a private bill should be taken up for con-
sideration, I feel bound to make this state-
ment. The man is utterly helpless. He may
not live until another session. He has spent
all his own means and incurred debts, and his
mind is troubled on that point. He cannot
move, according to the testimony of the
younger General Howard, without the assist-
ance of three or four persons. It is at the
instance and particular request of the general
that I have brought this bill forward at this
time, and I trust it will pass.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
land adjoining brooklyn navy-yard.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 41) for the purchase of
land adjoining the navy-yard at'Brooklyn;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr.- ANTHONY. I ask that the resolution
be read at length.
The Secretary read it, as follows :
Resolved, <fcc., That the Secretary of the Navy be
authorized to complete the purchase of the property
adjoining the New York navy-yard, known as the
Ruggles property, without the previous assent of the
State of New York: Provided, The title is otherwise
approved by the Attorney General.
Mr. ANTHONY. This resolution has met
the approval of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, and the Department is very anxious that
it should pass. It merely provides for the
purehase of some property adjoining the navy-
yard at Brooklyn without the previous absent
of the Legislature of New York, which is re-
quired by a general law. The property has
been bargained for; the_ money has been ap-
propriated, and is now in the Treasury; and
some other parties who are desirous to get
possession of it, I believe, have had the address
to prevent the Legislature from giving its as-
sent except upon conditions that will not be
acceptable to the Government; and the De-
partment is quite willing to take it without the
assent. I ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution.
Mr. CONKLING. Let the resolution be
read again.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. SHERMAN. There seems to be no
limit as to the price.
Mr. ANTHONY. The appropriation is
already made; the land has been bought; and
they have only been waiting for this assent.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, and was read
the third time.
Mr. MORGAN. I should like to have the
resolution lie over for a few moments, before
being acted ! tfpon finally, until I can make
some inquiry on the subject. What was the
original law authorizing this purchase ? Did
that require the assent of the State ot JNew
York?
Mr. ANTHONY. There is a general law
that requires the assent of the Legislature ot
the State to any purchase in a State made by
the Government, a law passed in 1841. Ihis
purchase- was made under the authority of an
appropriation bill for $90,000. The money
was appropriated and,is now in the Treasury;
the land has been bargained for, and the par-
ties are prepared to transfer it; but I believe
the gas company in Brooklyn desire to obtain
a portion of the same land, and are endeavor-
ing to get the Legislature to refuse its assent
unless the Government will consent to a trans-
fer of some of its territory, which the Depart-
ment think would be injurious. The Depart-
ment is quite willing to accept the land without
the assent of the Legislature. It is not against
the consent of the Legislature, but without its
being formally given under the law of 1841.
Mr. RAMSEY. If this matter is to pass
over, Ishtould like to present some resolutions.
Mr. MORGAN. 1 do not object to it.
The joint resolution was passed.
reports 01? committees.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 20) to pay bounty to
certain Missouri troops who served for three
years during the late war, asked tobe dis-
charged from its further consideration, the
Senate having acted on a House bill on the
same subject; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (S. R. No. 12)
fixing the pay of the clerks at the Springfield
armory, sisked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, legislation having been had
on the subject; which was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 25) providing for the importa-
tion into the United States of certain works
of art duty free, have had it under considera-
tion, and have instructed mo to report a bill of
two sections covering this object, and also the
object of another joint resolution which was
under consideration yesterday, to remit or re-
fund duties on agricultural machinery imported
into the United States as models, as a substi-
tute for the joint resolution; and I ask for its
present consideration.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it lies over under the rule.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations have directed me to report a bill,
and to ask for its immediate consideration.
It is a bill similar to the one on which the
S(?nate acted last evening on the motion of
the Senator from California, [Mr. Conness.]
The bill (S. No. 100) supplementary to an
act for the relief of Hiram Paulding, rear
admiral United States Navy, was read and
passed to a second reading.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts asks for the present
consideration of this bill. It requires unani-
mous consent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I object.
Mr. SUMNER. It is reported from the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I dare say.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator can have no
objection to it. It is merely to correct an
error. .
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it lies over under the rules.
Mr. CORBETT. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom was referred a
joint resolution (S. R. No. 27) to authorize
the leasing of certain real estate in San J ran-
cisco, to report it with an amendment, and to
ask for its present consideration. _
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I object _
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it lies over.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to whom was re-
ferred a bill (S. No. 83) making appropriations
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
contingent expenses of tlie Senate of Uie United
States for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1867, reported it without amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I now ask the Senate to
take up the little bill that I reported a few
minutes ago. It is a bill to correct a'mistalte
in an act passed during the last days of the
last session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I under-
stand that to be objected to.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Maine,
I take it, does not object now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is a vio-
lent presumption. I am inclined to think I
shall object. I sat here all day yesterday to
observe the rules of the Senate, with a view
of presenting some hills and reports, and was
unable to do it, and I made up my mind that
I would ask to have the rules enforced to give
us«ll a fair chance.
Mr. SUMNER. Will not the Senator allow
an error to be corrected ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the honor-
able Senator will allow me to introduce a bill
and joint resolution, I shall withdraw my ob-
jection.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to whom was re-
ferred the joint resolution (H. R. No. 22) to
authorize the payment of Rev. C. B. Boxnton,
as Chaplain of the House of Representatives
of the Fortieth Congress, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial
of the New England Emigrant Aid Company,
praying to be indemnified for the destruction
of property at Lawrence, in Kansas Territory,
in 1856, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 80) extending to theState of Nebraska the
provisions of an act relating to agricultural
colleges, reported it without amendment.
bills introduced.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 101) to divide California into two judicial
districts; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 102) providing for the formation of corpo-
rations and regulating the same in the District
of Columbia; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 103) to conform the rules of practice and
pleading in the courts of the United States to
the laws of the respective States; which was
read twice by its title,_ and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce' a bill (S. No. 104) to authorize the for-
mation of corporations for manufacturing; min-
ing, mechanical, or chemical purposes in the
District of Columbia; which was read twice
by its title, and referred'to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 42) for the relief of certain officers
of volunteers; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
jefferson dayis.
Mr. WILSON. I submit the following reso-
lution, and ask that it be laid upon the table
and printed:
A concurrent resolution respecting Jefferson Davis.
Whereas Jefferson Davis, a citizen of the State of
Mississippi, was captured by a military force in the
service of the United States on the 11th day of May,
1S65, and has since been held in confinement as a
prisoner of war" and " a prisoner of State m f or-
tress Monroe, Virginia: and whereasthe said Jef-
ferson Davis stands charged on the highest author-
ity with the heinous crime of conspiracy to murder
