THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
March 22,
the late President of -the United States, Abraham
Lincoln, aftd is also indicted for treason: and wbcreas
the said Jefferson Davis has persistently declared
his innocence of the offenses charged against him,
and through his legal advisers, by all means known
to the law, has sought and demanded a speedy and
public trial by due process of law before a civil tri-
bunal of competent jurisdiction; Therefore,'
Resolved by the Senate, (thellouse of Representatives
concurring) That the longer confinement of the said
Jefferson Davis without a trial, or the assignment,of
a specific timcfora trial, is not in accordance with the
demands of justice, the spirit of the laws, or the
requirements of the- Constitution, and that common
justice, sound public policy, and the national honor
unite in recommending that the said Jefferson Davis
be brought to a speedy and a public trial, or that he
be released from confinement on bail, or on his own
recognisance.
Tlie PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts moves that this reso-
lution be laid upon the table aud printed.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I hope not. I should
like the Senate, to take some action 011 that
subject. If the motion is not debatable, I
•will say nothing on the subject now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
debatable.
The motion was agreed to.
CHANGE OF NAME OF "VESSEL.
Mr. STEWART submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resoloed, That the House of Representatives be
requested to return to the Senate Senate bill No. CO,
entitled "A bill to change the name of tho steamship
jPaonsliun."
HIRAM PAULDING.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, I trust the Senator
from Maine will withdraw his objection to the
bill that I reported.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. With pleasure.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask that the bill that I
reported a few moments ago be now taken up.
There being no objection, the Senate, as m
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 100) supplementary to
an act for the relief of Iliram Paulding, rear
admiral United States Navy. It appropriates
a sufficient sum to pay the claim of Rear Ad-
miral Hiram Paulding, as provided for by an
act of Congress passed at the last session, the
sum not to exceed $3,053 92.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is that?
Mr. SUMNER. It is to correct an error.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What sort of an error?
Mr. SUMNER. There was rw> appropria-
tion in the other bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
REMISSION OF DUTY OX WORKS OF ART.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House joint
resolution No. 8.
Mr. MORGAN. I re-ported a joint resolu-
tion a short time ago, and asked for its consid-
eration ; but it w.as objected to, and was laid
aside for the moment until the Senator from
Maine could make some reports. I hope the
Senator from Oregon will allow that to be con-
sidered now.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to hare this reso-
lution determined as soon as practicable, as it
should be passed at this session.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That reso-
lution is before the Senate.
Mr. WTILLIAMS. If it is before the Senate
it may be laid aside informally to enable the
Senator from New York to take up the resolu-
tion to which he refers.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask the present consid-
eration of the report which I made a few mo-
ments since, and which was objected to for the
time being.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
eider the joint resolution (II. R. No. 25) for
the importation into the United States of cer-
tain works of art duty free.
Mr. MORGAN. The committee report a
substitute for the joint resolution in two sec- ,
tions, which I hope will be adopted. II
Tire Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out all after the enacting clause
of the resolution and to insert the following:
Tfiat from and after the passage of this joint reso-
lution any object of art imported by any individual
or association of individuals for presentation, as a
gift, to tho United States Government, or to any
State or city government, shall be admitted free of
duty, tinder such rules and regulations as the Secre-
tary of the Treasury may .prescribe.
And be it further resolved. That the Secretary of
tho Treasury be,:and he is-hereby, authorized to re-
fund the duties paid on any steam agricultural
machinery imported into the United States during
the current fiscal year as models or for experimenta-
tion, and to remit the duties on any steam machinery
of like description which may be imported for such
purposes prior to the 30th of June, 1S68.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance to propose an amend-
ment in the form of an additional section, and
as it proposes to save to the Government about
thirty or forty thousand dollars a year I pre-
sume no one will object to it. It is to add the
following as an additional section:
Andbe it further resolved. That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized and required to dis-
continue tho employment of any officcr or person
employed under the acts for the collection of direct
taxes in the insurrectionary districts within the Uni-
ted States whenever, in his judgment, their service
is no longer needed: and he is hereby authorized
to devolve upon any officer or officers of internal
revenue in said districts any portion of the duties
imposed in said acts, who shall perform said duties
without additional compensation.
I will simply state that I have a communica-
tion from the Secretary of the Treasury, which
was referred to the Committee on Finance yes-
terday, stating that quite a number of these
officers are no longer needed, and the service
may be discharged by the internal revenue
officers who have been organized in those
States since the close of the war. Most of these
offices are now mere sinecures, the officers
drawing large pay without doing any service.
This amendment is for the purpose of discon-
tinuing them and yet preserving their duties.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendments were
concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the resolution to be read a third
time. It was read the third time, and passed;
and its title was amended by adding the words
"aud for other purposes."
. MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierso:\t, its Clerk, announced
that he had been directed by the House to return
to the Senate, in accordance with its request,
the bill (S. No. GO) to change the name of the
steamship Paonshun.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 1G) for the relief of the destitute in the
southern and southwestern States, with amend-
ments, in which it requested "the concurrence
of the Senate.
KNROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled joint res-
olution (Ii. R. No. 15) suspending all proceed-
ings in relation to payment for slaves drafted
or received as volunteers in the military service
of the United States, and the enrolled bill (S.
No. 61) to provide for a district and a circuit
court of the United States for the district of
Nebraska, and for other purposes; and they
were thereupon signed by the President pro
tempore of the Senate.
IIEIRS OF JOHN E. BOULIGNY.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (Ii. R. No. 8) directing the Secretary of
the Interior to suspend the execution of a law
passed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress for the
relief of the heirs of John E. Bouligny.
Mr. JOHNSON. This resolution was post-
poned yesterday on my motion, to give me an
opportunity to examine, as well as the time
allowed me would enable, the title to the land
to which the resolution refers, and I have coine
to the conclusion that the title is very clear.
I listened to the honorable member from Ore-
gon [Mr. Williams] with all theT-eapcct which
I sincerely entertain for his opinion, and have
under the same feeling read with care the opin-
ion of Mr. Justice Nelson in the ease reported
in 15 Howard, but without being at all satisfied
that they were right; on the contrary, so far as
that case is concerned, being satisfied that-the
honorable judge was wrong. It is too late to
discuss the title now, as one would desire to
discuss a, question of that description, at any-
thing like length, or to state elaborately the
grounds upon which my opinion rests.
The title is said to have been derived origi-
nally from a grant made by the King of France
in 1717! The party to whom that grant was
made is stated to have assigned it to another
party, the ancestor of the present claimants.
In November, 17t>2, .that part of Louisiana
called, I believe, Lower Louisiana, was ceded
by France to Spain, and the Spanish Govern-
ment sent to take possession of it in their be-
half a General O' Reilly. He did take possession,
and acted, as history tells us, with an excess of
cruelty such as has rarely ever been exhibited
by civilized man, hanging and shooting, without
any distinction of color or race. ■ Finally, with
reference to the grant, he ordered it to be sur-
veyed, limiting it to an extent of front upon
the Mississippi river less than was supposed to
have been called for by the original French
grant, and that survey was made by the sur-
veyor general of France in that territory.
Under that survey the ancestor of the present
claimants took possession of the land and re-
mained in the undisturbed possession of it for
very many years.
In 1824 Congress passed an act, not I believe
applicable to Louisiana, authorizingthe holders
of inchoate titles under grants from Spain or
Franco to institute proceedings before a board
of commissioners. In 1835 a supplementary
act was passed, giving to the claimants in
Louisiana a right to appear before the register
and receiver of the land office there for the
purpose of making good any claim to lands in
Louisiana that they might present. Under that
act these claimants did claim this very land;
and, as is stated by the register and receiver,
the claim itself received full examination, and
they adjudged it to be a good one, and, as they
were bound to do by the act of 1835 -and by the
original act, they reported their decision to
Congress; but from some cause or other it
was not acted upon. I think there is no doubt
that if it had been acted on at that time that
decision would have been confirmed. Then the
title to these very lands would have been beyond
dispute. But by the act of 1835 the decision
of the receiver and register was only to become
operative when it should be sanctioned by Con-
gress ; and the failure of Congress to pass llpon
the subject of that award placed the claimants
in the situation in which they were before the
act of 1835 was passed.
Then, in 1837, Congress passed another act
on thfe subject, not in relation to this particular
claim, but in relation to all claims of an-anal-
ogous character, by which the claimants were
authorized to file a petition in the nature of a
bill in chancery in the district court of the
United States claiming to have their right ex-
amined and decided. That was done, I think,
in 1838; but I maybe mistaken as to dates,
and if I am the mistake is immaterial; but the
case came on to be heard before the late Judge
McCaleb, whom I knew personally, a~d who
was certainly a very eminent jurist, perfectly
familiar with that particular branch of the
law which was involved in this class of cases.
After a full examination befor£(him, upon all
the testimony that was produced on each side,
and an argument in behalf <>f the United States
as well as the claimants, he came to the con-
clusion, and as he said with perfect confidence
that he was right, that the title was a good one,
the claim a good one, and he so adjudged. If
it had stopped there, this title would have been
beyond dispute, and the heirs would now be
