1867.
THE: CON&RJ&SSIGNAL GLOBE.
269
in possession of the property; but the act of
1837 authorized an appeal from the decision
of the district judge, and that appeal was had,
and the case came on to be heard'in the Su-
preme Court at the term whose decisions are
reported in 15 Howard.
I have not time to read, nor is it necessary,
the grounds upon which Mr. Justice Nelson-
stated the opinion which he had formed upon
the subject. He said, it depended first upon
the validity of the original French title; and
that gave rise to two questions: first, whether
France had ever made the grant; and second,
whether if she made the grant, it was made in
such form as would separate the land entitled1
to be granted from the public domain, the Su-
preme Court having, decided in a variety of
cases that none of these Spanish or French
grants are to be considered as operative at all
unless they are made in such terms as show that
it was the purpose of the grantor to make some
specific conveyance of a part of the public do-
main ; and although it was not necessary to
do so by metes and bounds so as to enable a
surveyor to run out the lines, yet it was neces-
sary so to describe the land that a surveyor
could approximately form a survey. He ex-
pressed very great doubt whether there was
any such French grant; and doubting upon
that subject, he takes up the second branch of
the title, what was done by the Spanish Gov-
ernment of Spain by the treaty of November,
1762, and he is not satisfied, although he is
evidently in very great doubt, but that the pro-
ceedings under that branch of the title were
not sufficient to give title to the claimants so
far as that title was made to depend upon the
original French grant; because he very prop-
erly states that what was done by Spain, by
Governor O'Reilly, what was done- by the
Spanish surveyor, and what was followed after
the survey was made and the survey approved,
referring as they did to the existence of a
French grant, were very persuasive, if not con-
clusive, evidence to show that the French grant
had been made. But in relation to what was
done by the Spanish Government after they
became the owner he came to the result that
there was no mode of ascertaining exactly what
portion of the property was segregated from the
public domain ; and in that particular, with all
due deference to the learned judge, I think he
was in obvious error, if one may be permitted
respectfully to say that a judge commits an
obvious error, particularly a judge such as he
of whom I am now speaking.
' At the time when these grants were made—
they were made in very large quantities—the
rear end of the land granted was a morass,
hardly rescued from the state in which appar-
ently it had been placed by nature originally,
or by some subsequent causes from the waters,
and it was impossible for a surveyor to run the
lateral lines back to the extreme limit which
the grant would have authorized. What they
did, then, was to run a front line of the extent
called for by the grant, and to run a very short
distance a lateral line, but run it only in the
direction which they supposed the line was
thereafter to take ; and if I know anything of
the proceedings under these titles—and I have
had a good deal of opportunity of knowing,
having tried a good many of these cases—that
mode of making the survey was always held
to be sufficient; and whether the land passes
or not beyond the limit of the lateral lines was
made not to depend upon the fact of the ex-
tent of those lines, but upon the fact of the
direction of the lines themselves, taken in
connection with the grant; and if they did not
cover as much land as the grant called for,
then the lines were to be extended in the
direction in which they were run by the sur-
veyor, so as to include a quantity as large as
the grant called for.
The learned judge's opinion, therefore, even
supposing that the question was before him,
was, as I think, erroneous in point of law,;
but the question was not before the court. As
I have stated, the appeal was taken under the
provisions of the act of 1837 ; and the act of
1837 dealt exclusively with inehoate titles, 'not
perfect titles; with equitable, and not' legal
titles-; and hence the court decided, as- they
had done in every other case which had been
brought before them under the act of 1824,,
or any one of its supplements, that they had
no jurisdiction, or that the court below had no'
jurisdiction to pass upon any other- than an
inchoate title, however clear it might -be, the
parties holding perfect^ titles being- at perfect
liberty to institute actions of ejeetment. A
minority of the court, Mr. Justice Curtis, Mr.
Justice McLean, Mr. Justice Wayne, and Mr.
Justice Campbell, held very properly that they
had no right to pass upon the question of title
or no title ; and the manner in which their dis-
sent upon that question is- stated is to me
almost conclusive that in their judgment the
title was a good one, and that they would have
come to that conclusion if the case had been
properly before them. I send to the desk the
book containing the dissenting opinion of Mr.
Justice Curtis, and I ask that the Secretary be
permitted to read it.
The Secretary read as follows:
"Mr. Justice Curtis: Justices McLean, Wayne,
Campbell, and myself do not understand the opinion
which has been delivered by Mr. Justice Nelson as
intended to express the judgment of this court upon
the validity of the complete French errant, alleged by
the petition to have been made by the Wostern Com-
pany to Paris Duvernay in 1717, or upon the effect of
the alleged confirmation of such alleged complete
French title, or any part thereof, by the Spanish Gov-
ernors, O'Reilly andUnzaga. Tho trial of such a title
not being within the jurisdiction of this court upon
this petition, according to the repeated decisions of
this court, and the plain terms of the aet of May 26,
1824, under which we derive our authority, it seems
equal ly clear that the questions, whether there is any
sufficient evidence that such a grant wa,s made, or
whether it could be located, or whether it embraced
.the premises in question, or whether it had been in
part or in whole confirmed, and how extensive such
confirmation, if made, was, are questions not judi-
cially before us; for these questions belong exclu-
sively to the trial of that legal title.
"In our judgment, this embraces tlie whole case.
It exhausts every allegation in the petition, which
makes no claim to any incipient or imperfect Irench
or Spanish title. It alleges ouly a complete French
grant, and a confirmation to Dauterive, who was
then in possession under it, of part ofthe land.
"Now, the first section of the act of 1824 provides
that a person claiming lands by virtue of a French
or Spanish grant, concession, warrant, or order of
survey, which might have been perfected into a com-
plete title, may present a -petition to the district
court setting forth fully, plainly, and substantially,
the nature of his claim to thelands, particularly stat-
ing the dateof the grant, &c., under which heclaims;
and then it continues: ' and the said court is hereby
authorized and required to hold and exercise juris-
diction of every petition presented in conformity
with this act, and to hear and determine the same.'
Unless, therefore, the petition is presented in con-
formity with this aet, the special and limited juris-
diction which the act confers does not exist. The
title shown down by this petition being a complete
title, derived from the Western Company and con-
finned by the Spanish authorities, and the petitioner
not having shown fully, plainly, and substantially,
or even by the most obscure suggestion, any other
title, w© cannot perceive how this court has any juris-
diction under the act of 1824. We add, however, that
if, as in the case of Davenport's heirs, at the present
term, the petition did duly aver facts, constituting
in point of law an imperfect title, we should not
consider tho petition defective, though it might stato
an erroneous legal conclusion from those facts, and
call the title a perfect one. That is not this case, as
may be seen by recurring to the petition.
"Our opinion is, that this petition should be dis-
missed for want of jurisdiction, without prejudioe to
any legal title of the petitioners, and that no opinion
should be expressed by this court upon any question
of fact or law arising upon the evideuco.' —15 LLoui-
ard'n Reports, page 20.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think I am justified in
repeating what I said just now, that those
judges were very much inclined to the opinion
that the title was a good one ; and I am not
at all surprised at it, because, as I have said,
the only doubt about the title was, first, whether
the French grant had been made in fact; sec-
ond, whether what was done under it by the
Spanish Government was so done as to segre-
gate this property from the public domain. _
These claimants have had rather a hard tirne
of it. They got a decision in their favor m
1838* by the register and receiver under the
act of 1835, and that was not acted upon by
Congress. They then, under the authority of
the act of 1837, went into the district court
and presented their case, stating all the tacts
of the case, and they obtained a decision m
that court confirming theirtitte, and the opinion
is stated in very decided terms by the judge,
who, I may say without any disrespect to the
judges of the: Supreme Court, was, perhaps, bef-
eause of hi  greater familiarity with the law on
the subject, more competent to decide theques-
tion than any one of them.; and then, upon aa
appeal the result was what I have- stated, that
a majority of the Supreme Court held that
they could not'jjass upon the question because
they had-no jurisdiction; and it is now stated
that the title is to be considered as a bad one-
because one of the judges thought proper, in
performing-what no doubt he supposed to be
his duty, to express doubts about the title,
although the question with him, if he took the
same view with-his-associate judges, was just
as clearly out of the jurisdiction of the court,
as it was in their opinion, because he held, and
he could not but so hold, the act of 1824 and
the act of 1836 being very clear on the subject,
that the district court had no authority to exam-:
ine into a legal title, and as in his opinion the title'
here was a legal title alone, if there was any
title, the ease must be dismissed. Then they
went to Congress; and what was done by Con-
gress 1 I do not know that I have all the reports-
before me; but in 1860 the claimants presented
their petition and it was referred to tho House
Committee on Private Land Claims. On the
6th of April, I860, that committee made a
report through their chairman, Mr. Noell. I
will not read the report; but it is full upon the-
subject. That committee came to the con-
clusion that the title was perfectly good, but
the report was not acted upon. It was re-
newed again and referred to the same com-
mittee when Mr. Thayer, of Pennsylvania,
was chairman of the committee, and he made
a report to the same effect. The bill which
we are now asked to suspend was reported by
the Committee on Private Land Claims of this
body, through itsthen chairman, Judge Harris;
and in the speech with which he supported
the bill, as reported in the Globe—ot course
I shall not fatigue the Senate by reading it—lie-
said that the committee had made a thorough-
examination of the subject and had come to
the conclusion that the title was:a valid one
and ought to be allowed, and they so reported'
in the bill. It was debated in the Senate and
passed by a vote of 30 yeas to 10 nays, not
without examination, not without discussion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it is the duty of the
Chair to call up the unfinished business of
yesterday, which is Senate joint resolutio'n
No. 32.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should be glad if the
measure* before the Senate were allowed to be
finished at this time. I hope the Senator from
Indiana will consent to that. I think it will
take but a few minutes.
Mr. MORTON. I prefer to go on with the
unfinished business. I have been trying to get
action on that subject for two or three days
past.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection to
vielding the floor.
Mr. MORTON. I am afraid the unfinished
business will lose its place if it is not proceeded
with.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finished business of yesterday being the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 32) _ refunding to the
State of Indiana expenses incurred for quar-
termaster and commissary stores, and for
transportation furnished to militia of said
State while engaged in repelling rebel raids
during the late rebellion, is now before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MORTON. I understand that the Sen-
ator from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] has pre-
pared an amendment which he proposes to
offer. If so, I should like to hear it.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is an amendment
pending which I should like to have voted on
first.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Ohio
offered an amendment to include the State of
Ohio within the provisions of this resolution.
