270
THE • CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
I hope that amendment will not be adopted.
I will state that special acts have been passed
in favor of West Virginia, Missouri, and Penn-
sylvania, providing for the same class of claims;
and I submit that there-is no reason why Ohio
should be attached to this measure. If Ohio
has claims of this character it is perfectly com-
petent for her Senators to introduce a bill cov-
ering them. Special bills have been passed in
regard to other States, and I trust this measure
will be allowed .to go through without encum-
bering it by adding the claim of Ohio or any
other State.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, there can
be no possible objection to including our State.
These expenses all grow out of certain raids
made upon the States of Ohio and Indiana;
they affected our people as well as the people
of Indiana. These raids did not affect any
other States but those two. Large numbers
of the population were called to Cincinnati on
the occasion. Many of the very soldiers pro-
vided for in this measure came from Indiana
to Cincinnati. They went from all parts of the
two States, and gathered there to repel the
Kirby Smith raid, and also to meet and over-
come the force of Morgan, who entered Indi-
ana, traversed a good portion of that State,
and then passed through a portion of Ohio, and
was finally captured with his command. These
two raids in different years caused the princi-
pal items of expenditure that would be allowed
under this resolution. I trust Ohio will be in-
cluded in it. It will certainly not weaken the
measure, because it there is any reason for it
so far as Indiana is concerned, there is certainly
the same reason as to Ohio. No other States
need be added, because no others are in the
same condition. The States which were the
scene of war were in a very different condition
from States like Ohio and Indiana, who were
suddenly called upon to repel a public enemy.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee, rose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
how far this is to go. If it is to begin with
Indiana and then Ohio is to be added, and
then Tennessee, and then Kentucky, and then
Missouri, and I do not know how many more
States, all the States who may fancy they have
claims generally for these things, I must op-
pose the whole of it. I was disposed to amend
this resolution so as to guard it properly and
let it go ; but if it is going to include so much
as to swamp us in this way I shall be opposed
to the whole of it. I wished to propose some
amendments; but I want to know how far it is
to go.
Mr. P0MER0Y. I have no objection to
the measure of the Senator from Indiana, but
during what was called the Quantrell raid and
Price raid in my State bills were incurred
which have been audited under a commission,
and the Senate has agreed to an appropriation
of §259,000 to meet those expenses, but it has
not yet passed the other House, I should be
glad to move that proposition as an amend-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. That has nothing to do
with this case.
Mr. POMEROY. It is precisely like this.
Mr. SHERMAN. Hero is a case where
Ohio and Indiana paid money to raise troops
for the purpose of repelling raids.
Mr. POMEROY. Our State paid this
$259,000, audited the claims and sent them
here for payment. A bill for that purpose has
passed the Senate, but I shall not move it as
an amendment to this measure unless other
States are included in it. If that be done I
shall feel it my duty to move such an amend-
ment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the amendment
to include Ohio will be rejected. It will only
open the door for a good many others ; and it is
not exactly fair when a Senator frorn one_ State
has his bill pending to load it down in this way
with amendments. I am willing to take this
measure on its merits, confined to the cause of
Indiana; but if we put upon iteverything Sen-
ators choose to move as amendments, adding
a thousand matters that we do not understand,
I shall be constrained to oppose the whole,
and to ask that there be a thorough examina-
tion of all these claims before any bill is passed,
and let them come here under some official
recommendation.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee.' I am
willing to withdraw all objections to the meas-
ure proposed by the Senator from Indiana.
John Morgan was killed in my town, within a
short distance from where I live, and Tennes-
see suffered more, perhaps, than any State in
the Union from these raids; but still I am
willing to withdraw all objection and to with-
draw my amendment, reserving, however, the
privilege to present the matter in another form.
Mr. MORTON. I have just learned from
the remarks of the Senator from Kansas that
Kansas has claims of the same kind, a bill for
which has already passed the Senate. Then
West Virginia has been provided for; Missouri
has been provided for ; Pennsylvania has been
provided for, and Kansas also has been pro-
vided for so far as the action of the Senate
goes. It seems to me, ill view of the action
of Congress, there ought to be no objection to
the passage of this joint resolution, provided
it is in a form that will meet the views of Sen-
ators with proper limitations. So far as the
claims of Ohio are concerned, the Senator from
Ohio can present a bill or resolution covering
that case. I should have no objection to its
being put into this measure but that I do not
want my resolution loaded down in such a way
as to make the impression on the Senate that
it covers a great deal. Let each State be pro-
vided for by itself in a special act, as has been
done already in the case of four States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to recommit the
joint resolution to the Committee on Military
Affairs. I make the motion because a bill
which shall cover this subject and do justice
to all the States alike ought to be carefully pre-
pared, providing for a commission that should
hear similar and analogous claims of all the
States at the same time, so as to do justice to
all upon the same ground. The State of Ver-
mont, to my personal knowledge, has expended
nearly or quite one hundred thousand dollars,
just, proper, legitimate expenses, which she
was obliged to submit to in the raising of her
troops, in protecting herself against raids that
were actually made upon her, and others that
were threatened. Now, I think it invidious
to provide for one State without providing for
the others. I think the just claims of Indiana
ought to be examined and settled; but the
only way that all these claims can be examined
and settled will be under a bill which shall
provide for commissioners who shall hear and
examine them and report them to the War
Department, and then an appropriation may
be made. This bill being recommitted to the
Committee on Military Affairs, they ought to
examine it carefully and make a provision of
the nature that I suggest, and then report it
back and let it be passed.
The Senate will bear in mind, according to
the statement of the chairman of that commit-
tee, in debate the other day, that this resolu-
tion has not been considered, in the appro-
priate and correct sense of that term, in that
committee at all. It was simply reported as a
matter of favor to the 'Senator from Indiana,
that he might bring it to the attention of the
Senate. Now justice, security to the public, and
at the same time, to the Treasury, requires that
this subject should be carefully examined and
provision made for a commission that shall not
be limited to any one State alone, or a series
of commissions, limiting in some general way
the extent of their inquiry, requiring evidence
and vouchers, and then report to the War De-
partment. It is with that view that I make the
motion to recommit.
Mr. MORTON. I hope the motion to re-
commit will not prevail. It comes at a very
late hour, and will certainly be fatal to this
resolution, as the Senator must well under-
stand. No better illustration of the impropri-
ety of putting on different States can be made
than the proposition of the Senator from Ver-
mont. He says a raid was made into that
State which caused the State of Vermont to
expend nearly one hundred thousand dollars.
Whether that was an act of war or. simply an
act of public robbery might be a question open
for discussion. If an act of public robbery, the
Government of the United States cannot be
called upon to pay the expenses. If an act of
war properly connected with the rebellion, the
case is different. Now, I submit to the Sena-
tor from Vermont that it would be unfair to
the State of Indiana to ask the consideration
of her claim to be connected with or to be
influenced by the consideration of the claim
of Vermont in the case of the St. Albans raid.
Why, then, discriminate among States? A
similar act has been passed in regard to Penn-
sylvania, in regard to West Virginia, in regard
to Missouri, and in regard to Kansas ; and now
the proposition to reimburse Indiana is to be
loaded down by considering claims upon the
part of Vermont and upon the part of Ohio.
I submit that this is not dealing with even-
handed justice with the several States. The
State of Vermont is ably represented, and her
claim can be presented, and will undoubtedly
be dealt with fairly by the Senate, and will not
snffer by being disconnected with this case; but
if my resolution is to be loaded down by the
claim of Ohio, by the claim of Vermont, by the
claim of Tennessee, there may be an apparent
aggregate of claims that will frighten Congress.
I submit that that is not dealing with the State
of Indiana as four other States have been dealt
with already. There is no more reason for doing
what the Senator from Vermont proposes now
than there was when these other special acts
were passed. I submit, therefore, that as an
act of justice between the States this proposi-
tion should not be insisted upon.
Mr. EDMUNDS. One reply, which ought to
be a satisfactory one, that can be made to my
friend from Indiana is that the proposition
which he submits in this resolution, as I under-
stand it, is altogether a different one from that
which has been passed in respect to the States
he has named. Those acts, so far as they have
been passed since I have had the honor to be
here, and so far as I recollect, have been acts
appointing a commission of examination and
inquiry, and then, awaiting a reexamination by
the War Department, an appropriation has
been made to pay them. It is really a proceed-
ing of inquiry. Here, however, is a joint reso-
lution which directs the Secretary of War to
settle the claims of the State of Indiana, and
to pay them, not only for her national troops
mustered into the national service, but for all
the expenses of her militia during this, whole
period. It is not by its peculiar phraseology,
as I construe it, confined to her militia raised
for the purpose of repelling any one raid, but
its language is so broad as that fairly under the
resolution, if "we pass it, the State of Indiana
will be entitled to be reimbursed for all her
militia and military expenses of every descrip-
tion. I do not say, by any means, that thatis the
intent of my honorable friend ; I do not think
it is; but the Secretary of War will be guided,
not by the intent of the Senator from Indiana,
but by the words of the resolution. Now, ought
we to consider or to pass a resolution of that
kind? Obviously not.
Then, again, I beg leave to suggest to my
friend from Indiana that the raid into Vermont,
bore quite as much of a warlike character
while it lasted, and was backed by a more
powerful enemy, the Canadians close at hand,
and a more safe asylum than were the raids
that were made into the State of Indiana.
There can be no distinction against Vermont
on that ground. Then, further, I said when I
was up before, which appears to have escaped
the notice of my friend, that a very large part
of this sum of $100,000, which I stated in
round numbers—I do not mean to say that that
is the exact amount—was for expenses incurred
by the State of Vermont in the first call by the
nation for troops that were raised and sent
when we had no Amy regulations or special
instructions from the War Department as to
