1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
271
this or that class of expenses; and while there
was no extravagance, no waste, no peculation
of any description, when the accounts for these
necessary expenditures came to be submitted
to the War Department, they took out the
Blue-Book of Army Regulations and just cut
out from our account of money thus honestly
and necessarily spent every dollar that did not
conform to the regular Army standard. Of
course it was a gross injustice. I do not say
it was an injustice in a technical sense on the
part of the "War Department officers in refusing
it, because perhaps they were right in their
construction.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask my
friend from Vermont whether claims on behalf
of the State of Vermont have been adjusted
and paid by the Government of the United
States?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not quite understand
the question.
Mr. MORTON. It is whether the claims
of Vermont have been adjusted by the Govern-
ment of the United States, except so much as
has been rejected?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly. The claims
of the State of Vermont, so far as they were
agreed to by the War Department, have been
paid, or all but a small balance, and so far as
they were not agreed to they were not paid.
I take it it is the same with Indiana precisely.
Mr. MORTON. No, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then, if there is no ob-
stacle in the law there is no necessity for this
resolution. I take it the Senator from Indi-
ana does not assume the position that he is
introducing this joint resolution for the pur-
pose of compelling the War Department to
obey some existing law, but he is endeavoring
to enlarge the existing law so as to embrace a
class of cases not now embraced by the law as
it stands; and that is precisely the status of
the State of Vermont. Her claims are just.
I dare say the claims of the State of Indiana
are; I do not question that now ; but we have
had no inquiry into that; the committee has
not inquired into it. I dare say they are just.
I know those of the State of Vermont are.
Now, then, why do we distinguish? Why do
we direct in one case that the Secretary of
War shall settle and pay, when in the case of
West Virginia we merely provided a commis-
sion of inquiry?
I think, Mr. President, that every consider-
ation of fairness, of justice, and of prudence
requires that this subject should be sent back
to the committee.
Mr. MORTON. So far as the special acts
in the case of West Virginia and other States
provided for appointing commissioners there
was a reason for it that does not exist in the
case of the State of Indiana. A part of the
claims covered by those special acts had not
been paid by the several Stated, but were to
some extent unliquidated. The Senator from
Maine is mistaken in saying that this resolution
requires payment of all the expenses incurred.
The resolution expressly provides that the Sec-
retary of War shall be authorized to determine
whether the expenses were necessarily and
propeffy incurred. In drawing the resolution
I took occasion to guard the interests of the
Government. If the Senator will read it he
will find it so.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend will allow
me, I will read it.
That the expenses incurred by the State of Indiana
for quartermaster and commissary stores, and trans-
portation furnished by the State to the Indiana mil-
itia during the late rebellion while engaged in re-
pelling raids, guarding against raids and insurrec-
tions—
Now the phraseology changes—
or while in any way engaged in the military service
of the United States during said rebellion, shall be
duly and properly examined by the proper Depart-
ments or bureaus, under the direction of the Secre-
tary of "War, who shall cause to be paid and reim-
bursed to said State all sufn expenses as shall bo
found to have been necessarily and properly lncun ed,
and that an appropriation is hereby made ioi that
purpose out of any moneys in the Ireasury not oth-
erwise appropriated.
This limitation as to the necessity and pro-
priety relates to the intrinsic nature of the ser-
vice performed. Therefore, if it was necessary
and proper that the State of Indiana, in order
to preserve her domestic peace, should raise
her militia, and put them on-foot and trans-
port them hither and thither, it is a part of the
duty of the Secretary of War to pay for that.
That is to say, every step of precaution which
the State of Indiana thought it necessary to
take, and did take, in the way of guarding
against apprehended raids, or apprehended
insurrections of her own citizens, is to be paid
for out of the public money of the United
States.
The question is whether that is not going to
a length that we have never gone before. The
States as far as. my observation and reading
have gone have always kept up their militia
systems, and kept their troops armed and drilled
and disciplined at their own expense for the
purpose of preserving the domestic peace of
their own citizens within their own borders.
Now, why should the State of Indiana in her
loyal and populous and well-governed com-
munity come forward with a claim to be paid
for these precautionary measures for preserv-
ing the peace of her own citizens and within
her own borders, when every other State has
done exactly the same thing, and has never
thought of asking pay for it. That is the
question, and I undertake to say that you can-
not put any other construction on the language
of this resolution than that which I have given,
because this provision is_ made for repelling
rebel raids, guarding against raids and insur-
rections, and then the phraseology changes to
the alternative "or," it then proceeds to say,
"while in any way engaged in the military
service of the United States," so that it is not
necessary lor the payment of these claims,
under this resolution, that this militia should
have been under-orders from the War Depart-
ment ; it is not necessary that they should have
been in any way engaged in the service of the
United States. This additional clause about
the service of the United States is alternative
and cumulative, not qualificatory and in the
way of limitation.
Therefore I think I was right when I said
this went the length of paying all the military
and militia expenses of the State of Indiana
during the war, because they all must have
been incurred either in repelling rebel raids
or in guarding against domestic, violence and
insurrection at home ; and if you treat every
other State in the same language with which
you are to treat the State of Indiana by the
resolution, the amount'of money to be raised
by taxation for the next twenty years will not
begin to pay it. I do not say it is therefore
unjust, I only say it is therefore totally im-
practicable.
Mr. MORTON. I submit that the objection
taken to the resolution is clearly a special
demurrer. No one can read the resolution
without understanding that all these expenses
have been incurred on account of the rebellion
and growing out of it. There is some excep-
tion, however, taken to the phraseology, and
I understand the Senator from Maine has pre-
pared an amendment which will perhaps obvi-
ate all the objection talten by the Senator from
Vermont. But this resolution clearly contem-
plates nothing but expenses incurred m the
State for repelling raids and keeping down
rebellion in the State and guarding against
raids from other States.
So far as the troops being m the service
of the United States is concerned, that is spe-
cially provided for; and then comes the general
safety clause, for the safety of the Government,
that the Secretary of War shall be made tne
iudze as to whether these expenses were ne-
cessarily and properly incurred. Ihere is no
necessity in this case for a special commission.
They could do nothing more than will be done
by the War Department on these claims and
vouchers to be sent here. The case is essen-
tially different from that of the State^ of Mis-
souri and the State of Pennsylvania. The
State has audited these claims. They have
through the hands of the war depart-
ment of the State; they are in perfect form ;
but notwithstanding" their fijrm, and although I
think the Government would be bound to ac-
cept the honor of a State in the presentation
of such accounts, it is finally referred to the
decision of the Secretary of War as to whether
these claims were necessarily and properly in-
curred. I should like to ask the Senator from
Vermont this question: whether the claims of
the State of Vermont for quartermaster and
commissary stores and transportation have
been allowed by the general Government?
Mr. EDMUNDS. A part of them have been
allowed, and a part of them have not. As I
said before, these claims were allowed that
came within what used to be called Army reg-
ulations, when I say the fair construction of
the original law under which the States were
called upon makes no such limitation ; but pro-
vision was made, and the declaration was made,
that the States should be reimbursed for their
necessary expenses. When the War Depart-
ment came to audit the vouchers and accounts,
which were all in regular form, they said that
no expense was necessary or proper except
that provided in the regulations for the govern-
ment of the regular Army which were provided
for a state of peace. Hence, there were hun-
dreds and thousands and. tens of thousands of
dollars which were perfectly just, to my certain
personal knowledge, because I had charge of
the settlements with the War Department, and
was in the midst of it when the expenditure
was made, which were rejected, and have not
been paid to this day. But of course that is no
reason why any just claim of the State of In-
diana should not be paid, because tliey did
injustice to us. That is not my point; but I
say there ought not to be this haste, and that
we ought to consider this general subject alto-
gether in the spirit of a mutual desire to do
justice to all the States, and dispose of it.
That is the reason I object to this haste about
it; and that is why I think it ought to be sent
back to the committee.
Mr. MORTON. It appears now from the
statement of the Senator from Vermont that a
part of her claims for quartermaster and com-
missary stores and transportation have already
been allowed and paid. So far she is _ that
much better off than the State ot Indiana.
Not one dollar of our claims of that character
has been paid. I do not know of any existing
general law that provides for the payment of
such claims. There is a general law providing
for the payment of the militia of the several
States, engaged as our militia have been,
under which the Government of the United
States has paid the State of Indiana several
hundred thousand dollars, and audited claims
for certain other amounts, the appropriation
for which is now exhausted; but that act
does not extend, as I understand it, beyond
pay for services. There is no general law
authorizing payment of claims of the charac-
ter this resolution covers, but special laws
have been passed in the cases of Missouri,
West Virginia, Pennsylvania, and Kansas. It
appears now that the State of Vermont, without
a special law, has gotten a part of her claims
of this character allowed. So far she has been
fortunate. Having been fortunate so far, I
submit that it is not in good taste for the
State of Vermont to stand in the way of other
States getting what they have paid out. But
if it was proper that a general law should be
enacted for claims of this character, why was
not that objection made when four other States
have been provided for?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me say to the Sen-
ator that in those cases I am informed, and such
is my memory, that the act provided for a com-
mission in the first place. A commission was
authorized to be appointed to examine the
claims and report such sums as had been actu-
ally paid by the several States and were prop-
erly vouched ; and the report of that commis-
sion when it was returned was subject also to
revision by the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury Department. The difference between the
