1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
273
lution; but I suggest to the Senator from Maine
that iu all probability no accounts will be al-
lowed under that amendment. I cannot con-
ceive that the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury will feel themselves under any obligations
at all to allow any payment whatever under
the amendment,
' M1'-, EDMUNDS. It does not cover your
objection about their being called out by au-
thority of the Federal commander.
Mr. HENDERSON". . Of course not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Whatobjectionisthat?
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from
Vermont- intimates that the amendment would
not cover the requirement that I make, that
that they should have been called out by au-
thority of a department commander, else
accepted and used under his command.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I have provided for
that. This, T understand, was a sudden thing,
and the militia that were called out have been
actually paid by the Government as United
States troops for that service. If they have
been actually recognized and paid as troops
by the General Government for that purpose,
I consider that a recognition.
Mr. HENDERSON. Undoubtedly that was
a recognition of their service.
Mr. FES.SENDEN. In such a case, I think
the quartermaster stores, &c., should be paid
for also. The troops being recognized by the
Government, the stores provided for them
should certainly be paid for.
Mr. HENDERSON. Will the Senator read
that portion of his proposition requiring the
accounting officers of the Treasury to examine
the accounts?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The resolution will read
thus:
That the expenses incurred and paid by the State
of Indiana for quartermaster an#commissary stores,
and transportation furnished by the State to the In-
diana militia during the late rebellion, while engaged
in repelling and guarding against rebel raids, shall
be duly and properly examined by the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury, and the amount
allowed for the same shall be paid out of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not know but I
was mistaken in supposing that the accounting
officers would not feel under any obligation to
allow these accounts under that provision.
Mr. FE3SENDEN. And then the proviso
comes in, in regard to the mode of making the
examination.
Mr. HENDERSON. The accounting offi-
cers will perhaps deem it their duty under that
provision to examine the accounts; but there
are no rules, as I understand, prescribed in the
examination. Are they to examine and allow
them oi'ly to the extent that they would allow
similar claims in the Federal service?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is precisely what
it means.
Mr. HENDERSON. With that provision
of course the objections that I have urged to
the measure would be verv greatly removed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The language is:
Provided, Tliat all allowances under this resolu-
tion shall be subject to and made under such rules
and regulations as now determine allowances for
commissary and quartermaster stores and transport-
ation furnished for military service.
Mr. HENDERSON. That improves it very
much. I do not wish to put myself against
this measure, and I do not wish the Senator
from Indiana to so consider. At the same
time, I think perhaps the better plan would be
to refer it back to the committee, and let the
committee take a copy of the measure that
was adopted for West Virginia and Missouri
and adapt it to the case of Indiana and any
orlier State having similar claims.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that would be
heifer. It would be very much more satisfac-
tory to me.
Mr. HENDERSON. There are other claims
of this sort. There are claims from almost
every State ; ami it' we get out of the beaten
track we have adopted, and which I think is a
perfectly safe one. perhaps we shall open the
doors of the Treasury to very large claims in
the future. 1 concur with the Senator from
4i)th Cong. 1st fes. -No. IS.
Vermont that the better way would be to recom-
mit it. I have a printed copy of the Missouri
bill in my hand, and it would take but a very
few moments to adapt it to the case of Indiana
and make this measure similar to the measures
that we have already adopted, and which have
proved a protection to the Treasury. I think
that would be the better plan. *
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to refer this joint resolu-
tion to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 14, noes 10: no quorum voting.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We shall have to ask the
yeas and nays. We cannot get Senators to
vote without.
Mr. MORTON. I call for the yeas and nays.
T will simply say that this motion, if agreed to,
will kill the bill for this session.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I simply wish to say
that I voted to refer it because the chairman
of the Military Committee thought it ought to
be committed with a view to having some
amendments made.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before I vote, I will ask
the Senator from Indiana whether the Mis-
souri bill will not substantially accomplish the
object for the benefit both of Ohio and Indiana,
if he has examined the subject.
Mr. MORTON. I have not. The Missouri
bill was adapted especially to Missouri, and
Missouri received millions of dollars where
Indiana only claims hundreds of thousands.
Missouri has been provided for, and can very
well- afford to oppose this resolution. I con-
sider that this resolution, as guarded by the
amendments offered by the Senator from Maine,
as being a safer measure than the Missouri bill.
I think it would be safer to leave this matter
to the direct inspection of the War Department
than to send out a roving commission. We
have had enough of these roving commissions.
The Secretary of War, in his examination of
this matter, can appoint as many commissions
as he sees proper to examine these very ac-
counts. I am satisfied with the amendment
offered by the Senator from Maine, and will
accept it. We know very well that Congress
is drawing to its close, and that there will be
no legislation after this week, and the recom-
mitment of the resolution of course is the end
of it. That is very well understood.
Mr. HENDERSON. I really think the re-
mark of my friend is very unkind, and perhaps
quite unnecessary, that Missouri having got
millions of dollars could very well afford to
oppose this resolution. I will state to the Sen-
ator that Missouri has not received one cent
for all the expenditures made. She has received
no more than the State of Indiana.
Mr. POMEROY. What has become of the
money?
Mr. HENDERSON. The claims have been
reported here by a commission who were in
session some seven or eight months, and they
are row undergoing an examination before the
accounting officers of the Treasury; and not
one dollar will be paid to the State until they
have been subjected to the closest scrutiny by
those officers. I understand they are casting
aside a great many of the claims that were
allowed by the commission.
Now, sir, let me make one further remark.
For several years in this Senate 1 attempted to
provide a measure on this subject that would
be unobjectionable, and it was a long time
! before I could get a measure sufficiently guarded
1 to induce the Senate to adopt it. I had much
! trouble in getting a recognition of the claims
S of my State, aud i can assure the Senator that
! it'he goes through the same experience that I
I have had it will be a long time before he gets
the claims allowed, and he will cease to become
! at all excited at opposition to a measure that,
; he desires to put through immediately. The
. Senator has been here but a very short time.
! This is the 22d of March, and he took his seat
on the 4th, I was for several years after I
came to the Senate attempting to get a reeog;
nitiSn of those claims on the part of Missouri
before I could succeed in even getting a bill
1 do not wish to be understood as putting
myself iu the way of these claims. But let me
say to the Senator that the passage of this res-
olution will enable the War Department to
pass upon claims that under the law now must
be passed upon by the accounting officers of
the Treasury. The resolution, as he proposes
it, breaks down the safeguards around the
Treasury of the United States, and provides
that the war officers may adjust and allow
them, and not the officers of the Treasury
Department. He does not seem to appreciate
the fact that he is absolutely removing the bars
that now protect the Treasury. Hence it is
that I desire to subject this measure to ex-
actly the same scrutiny that was, applied iu
the case of Missouri, and in the case of all the
other States. I do not oppose it on account
of the fact that it is from Indiana. I should
have made a similar opposition in the case of
any other State. As 1 said before, there ara
a largo number of sflch claims to be presented.
Indiana is not the only State that will present
them. Almost every State in the Union has
such claims. The Senator on my left [Mr.
Sherman] says he wants Ohio put in. I sup-
pose Ohio will be added to this very resolu-
tion. I shall vote to add it; but when we add
Ohio to it I want Ohio to be subject to ex-
actly the same rules that were apfftied in the
case of Missouri, and in the case of the other
States that have been provided for heretofore.
I do not suppose a dollar has been paid to the
State of West Virginia. The Senator from
that State perhaps can tell me.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Not a dollar. The
commission is now sitting and exercising a
very rigid scrutiny, notwithstanding that all
the claims were made out in due form and
considered by the Legislature, who rejected
$60,000 of them, which they paid themselves,
and would not present to the Government
because they were not in proper form.
Mr. HENDERSON. Now, the Senator
from Indiana complains that he does not get
his measure through in eighteen days. He
took his seat here on the 4th of March. The
Senators from West Virginia and myself have
for four or five years attempted to get an
adjudication of the claims of our respective
Stales, (for they existed from the very begin-
ning of the rebellion down to the present
time,) and we have gone through the experience
that the Senator from Indiana has only had
eighteen days of; we have gone through it for
years. I really am a little astonished at his
excitement and at his unnecessary remark
that Missouri had received millions and could
very well afford to resist a similar claim in
favor of Indiana. Why, sir, I do not wish to
protect the Treasury any more in the case of
Indiana than in the case of my own State. I
provided all these safeguards in the bill that I
originally drew in behalf of the State of Mis-
souri ; I put them all in, and I would only
subject his State to the very same restrictions
to which I subjected my State.
Mr. MORTON. Perhaps the State of Mis-
souri has not actually received the money, but
she has got a special law.passed by which she
expects to receive millions where we expect
to receive hundreds of thousands. Her claims
are enormous compared with ours. I do not
say they are not just; but, sir, ours are a mere
bagatelle compared with -the claims that Mis-
souri has presented to this Government for
payment.
Now, as to the length of time I ought to be
here in order to get a bill through, I am not
exactly prepared to meet that argument. I
hope that the State of Indiana will not be held
in abeyance until I have had an experience
of three or four years in the Senate. £ think
that the justice of the claims ought not to be
made to depend upon conditions of that kind.
When the Senate has recognized the rights of
States to be paid for claims of this character,
and special acts have been passed for several
States, I think the argument wants foree that
