1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
279
and my friend from Illinois will agree, I have
no doubt, that if these*registers are appointed
and proceed to exercise the functions of their
office, their acts will be held to be valid as be-
tween the bankrupt and his creditors, although
the court on some case made may hereafter
decide that the appointment was not regularly
made. I believe the principle of law to be
clearly admitted by everybody that the title of
mi officer to the office he holds—and that is
this question—cannot be contested in a suit
inter partes where he merely acts as between
them. In a suit against him these registers
might ran some risk if they had any power, to
harm anybody and the question could be
raised; so that no great injury will result even
if it should be ultimately held that these ap-
pointments ought not to have been made in
that way.
Therefore, while I agree that it ought to be
otherwise, and voted that it should be other-
wise, the House by a large majority and the
Senate by some majority have decided recently
to leave it as it is. I think, then, we should
only do injury to the public rather than good
if we undertook to disturb it. These are my
reasons for voting against on this particular
question what uiftler other circumstances 1
would be glad to vote for.
Mr. DIXON. I desire to. ask the Senator
from Vermont a question which he is compe-
tent to answer. Suppose the register were
appointed illegally, and that were admitted;
suppose the law provided that this important
oliicer. register in bankruptcy, should be ap-
pointed by the mayor of Washington, who is
acknowledged to have no power whatever over
the subject, who could not be vested with
power to make the appointments—in a case
like that I ask the Senator whether there would
not be a question as to the validity of the cer-
tificate of discharge granted to a bankrupt by
a register so appointed?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Undoubtedly there would
be'a question, bceause you can scarcely state
a case in which there will not be a question ;
but I will state in answer to my friend with
entire frankness for his benefit, though 1 d_o not
usually give opinions gratis, that in my. opinion
a certificate of discharge granted under those
circumstanceswouldbe valid, because the ques-
tion of the validity of the certificate of discharge
must necessarily and exclusively arise, so far as
the bankrupt and his creditors are concerned,
in a suit by some creditor to enforce payment
of a balance of some old debt notwithstanding
the certificate, and in such a suit, in my opin-
ion. the court would not go -into an inquiry—1
believe the decisions are uniform on that p (Jin t
—as to the rightfulness of the appointment of
the officer holding the office that he professed
to hold. I think that if the register were de
facto a register, the question as to whether he
were de jure such or not could not be con-
sidered. m
Mr SHERMAN. The proposition now is
to "relieve the Chief Justice from a very un-
pleasant and onerous duty. Before 1 make
one or two observations on that point, i desire
to answer the objection made to this proposi
The Senator from Vermont objects tha-t it
shows a kind of inconsistency or uncertainty
in our legislation that we are now asked to
undo what we have done so recently, With
the example just before us of the repeal of a
law which passed the Senate by a unanimous
vote of the body, it is scarcely necessary to pay
much attention to an admonition of that kind.
The bill we have just repealed was, I think,
passed a short time ago without a division.
Mr. HENDERSON. Oh, no. The yeas
and nays were called upon it, and the vote was
30 to 10. , ,
Mr. SHERMAN. Then it was passed by
the Senate by a vote of three to one, after a
statement made by the Senator who had it m
charge; and now we repeal it with scarcely
any contest. We are doing that all the time.
The proposition which it is now proposed to
repeal only failed of being stricken out of the
bankrupt bill by a tie vote.
The Senator from New York says the House
of Representatives will not agree to this meas-
ure. It seems to me that argument is rather
too often used here. If the House of Repre-
sentatives will not agree to it there is no harm
done by our passing it, and we shall have done
our duty by sending it there. I think it is not
right, though we constantly do it, and I often
do it myself, to say here what the House will
do or will not do. "We ought 10 act upon the
questions that come before us on their merits,
und let the other House act according ta its
judgment and on its responsibility. That is
undoubtedly the parliamentary rule, though
wo all violate it to some extent.
Now, what is the real character of this prop-
osition? It proposes to relieve the Chief Jus-
tice from the duty of nominating registers in
bankruptcy. The number of registers is not
fixed. By law they cannot be less than one
for each congressional district, and conse-
quently they cannot be less than about two
hundred and forty; and they may be ten thou-
sand. because there is no limit in the law.
There may be just as many registers as the
courts choose to appoint; but there cannot be
less than two hundred and forty. The Chief
Justice has no power to appoint these regis-
ters. The Constitution does not give lnm the
power, nor enable us to give him the power,
because he is not a court. The district, courts
may exercise that power; but we say in our
law that before the district courts shall exer-
cise the power the Chief Justice shall nomi-
nate, so that the truth is that we require the
appointment to be made by the Chiei Justice,
and it is indirectly violating the Constitution.
But waiving that question for a, moment,
look at it as a matter of expediency. Is it
right for us to require an appointment to be
made upon the nomination of a person who
has no right to appoint? I say it is not. Now,
what is the result? The result is that the
Chief Justice is overrun, and has been from the,
date of the passage of the bankrupt law, with
applications without number. I have not seen
him since the passage of the bankrupt law;
but I have sent to him myself not less than
fifty letters containing applications to be nom-
inated as registers in bankruptcy, and I have
no doubt my colleague has done the same, and
so, probably, has every Senator. The result
is that he has to examine a voluminous corre-
spondence, because when he opens a letter he
cannot tell whether it relates to an application
to be a register or to some important private
business of his own. He must examine these
letters, and not only that, but he is now—at
least I am informed from the best authority
that he is overrun by visitors who, having no
knowledge of the precious character ol his
time, prevent him from performing the ordi-
nary functions of his office as Chief Justice,
so that he has no time to write opinions, lie
has to deny himself to everybody m order to
prevent the invasion of his time. This is what
I am informed; I have not seen him myselt.
The Senator from New York thinks this duty
can all be done in two days. If the Uuet
Justice had nothing to do except to go and see
the members or call on the members he might
prepare lists in two days; but the people would
not be satisfied with that. Every man who
wants to be a register in bankruptcy thinks hs
application more important than anything else,
and he wishes to see the Chief Justice. If he
sees one person he cannot deny himself
others. Then if we go and recommend per-
sons to him he must hear us patiently. If the
member from the district and the Senator from
the State disagree, he must hear a controversy
between them. The result is, that although
the duty itself might properly be discharged
if he was at liberty to take up the matter
and dispose of it as he can the docket of his
court, and do it promptly, yet when he is
compelled to hear all sorts of representations,
to read all these letters, to go into the exam-
ination of the recommendations of the various
persons suggested as registers, it does impose
upon him a duty which is totally inconsistent
with his office; a duty which we know from
the nature of it is unpleasant and obnoxious.
It compels him to deal out patronage when he
should not have anything to do with it. There
is no necessity for bringwghim in contact thus
with Senators and liepi-esentatives to settle
controversies between them.
In accordance with the vote I have always
given on this question—for I have always voted
against giving the nomination to the Chief
J ustice—I am in favor of this bill. I am willing
to confer the power to appoint registers upon
the district courts who have to pass upon their
doings. These registers are mere aids to the
judges of the district. courts. They prepare •
the schedules and designate the forms, and to
a great extent act as commissioners or masters
in chancery under the practice of many of the
States. They are mere aids to the district
courts, and it seems to me they ought to be
appointed by the district courts. It is true
thai in some cases the district judges are not
men who agree with us in political opinions,
and perhaps not very good men always, and
they may not apnointsuch persons as we would
like to have; at the same time they are the
best persons who can be constitutionally desig-
nated to make these appointments, because
these registers are their aids, and it is right
that the district courts should have the power
to designate men in whose judgment they have
confidence to discharge this duty. The courts
can remove them when they do not discharge
properly the duty imposed on them by law.
Besides, the proper making of these appoint-
ments requires local information which the
district judge'must necessarily have. The law-
yers from all parts of his district practice be-
fore him, and he would know best who to
appoint, he would know best the character of
mind of the various lawyers. of the district. ,
This is an important consideration, I know,
from the number of applications that are sent
to me from all parts of the State of Ohio, and,
indeed, from all parts of the United States,
for I have had at least a dozen applications
from the city of New York, from men wkoml
do not know, urging strongly that such ana
such a person be appointed register of bank-
ruptcy. As a matter of course I can do noth-
ing except to send the letters to the gentleman
who has the power to appoint. He is com-
pelled to read them ; they go to him under my
lrank. So with all of us. He is compelled
to read au application from some one m New
York through me to be appointed register m
bankruptcy. It seems to me that this is a duty
which we ought to relieve him from and relieve
him promptly. .
Mr. BUCKALEW. I think this is a very
clear question. By the Constitution Congress
is authorized to vest the appointment of certain
subordinate officers in the President alone, m
1 the courts of law, or in the heads of Depart-
ments. Under the bankrupt bill, as passed by
the Senate and agreed to by the House ot Rep-
resentatives, the appointment of.regisftrs m
bankruptcy instead of being vested m the courts
of law, were vested in the head of the Supreme
Court, the Chief Justice. I understand that
he feels burdened by the duty charged upon
him by the existing law. Ihe present bill is
to remove from him that burden and to vest
these appointments in the district courts, ol
which these registers are really officers, l
think there can be no question that we should
assent to the view which he holds, and which
the Constitution obviously requires, that the
appointments shall he made by the courts of
law and not by ft particular judge I am,
therefore, in favor of the bill. I consider te
provision in the bankrupt bill asp ^d con-
fining the appointment of these officers to the
Chief Justice of the Supreme Court a violation
of the Constitution, while the present bill con-
; forms to it.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator from Ver-
