280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBIi
March 22,
mcmt I think is mistaken when he says that
the Chief Justice would be guilty of what he
imagines to be a dereliction of duty if he should,
as I supposed he might, consult the judges of
the Supreme' Court on the constitutionality of
this clause. I do not see it in that light. If
he doubts whether the law is valid as far as it
concerns him, why should he not consult those
in whom he has entire confidence ? He does
not consult them as a court. He consults
them just as I would consult the honorable
member from Vermont if I doubted upon a
legal question ; and it is very often done. It
has been done more than once, I know, by that
tribunal in former times i but it never was
supposed to be obnoxious to the slightest cen-
sure for a judge of the Supreme Court to con-
sult his brethren upon a question of law which
was to be before him, either individually or as
a court.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a different ques-
tion.
Mr. JOHNSON. No; if we have pnt this
power upon him at all it is as the Chief Jus-
tice of the Supreme Court.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But to perform an exec-
utive duty.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, suppose he thinks
it an executive duty and you have no right to
impose an executive duty on him, and he is
not satisfied and he wants to be satisfied ; he
wants to discharge it if he is satisfied that Con-
gress had a right to impose it upon him. He
does not wish to conflict with the opinion of
Congress unless he is very clear, and in order
to be clear he proposes, if he does propose it
—I do not know that he does—to take the
opinion of his brethren whether in their judg-
ment that duty can be properly imposed upon
him.
The honorable member from "Vermont also
said that if the registers are appointed by the
district court in fact, the validity of that ap-
Jtointmentcannotbe inquired into collaterally in
a suit instituted by the register as register. Now,
in the first place, I think that is not altogether
sound ; but supposing it to be sound, that does
not get rid of the difficulty which I suggested.
Suppose the judges of the district courts think
that they have no power to appoint without the
nomination of the Chief Justice, and he does
not nominate them, will not appoint——
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then they nullify the law.
Mr. JOHNSON. No; they do not nullify
the law at all. We nullify the law by not put-
ting it in their power constitutionally to execute
the law. Does the honorable member suppose
the district courts would assume a power not
granted? The presumption is that they would
not; and if, therefore, they should come to
the opinion that they have no authority under
the law as it stands to appoint registers without
the nomination of the Chief Justice, they will
not appoint. Then the law ceases to operate
practically.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Their duty in that respect
is not a duty to try and determine some ques-
tion, but it is a duty to do.a particular thing
that ^he law imposes upon them. We do not
submit any judicial discretion or judicial duty
to them at all. It is a particular act which the
law requires them to do. My proposition is,
that that being the nature of the thing, because
'the person upon whom this duty is imposed
happens to be the judge of a court, he has no
more right to decide in advance "this law is
not constitutional, and therefore I will not do
anything about it" than any other citizen has.
And if a district judge takes the responsibility
of refusing to do an act imposed upon him to
do, he takes the same responsibility with any
other citizen, and must take the consequences.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
is mistaken. We impose it on them as a court.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But we do not leave any
discretion.
Mr. JOHNSON. As a court they are to act.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not a judicial duty.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is quasi judicial. You
give them jurisdiction over the question of
bankruptcy, and everything connected with
the discharge of that duty is quasi judicial;
but if they come to the opinion that they have
no authority to execute the law so far as the
appointment of registers is concerned, unless
the Chief Justice nominates them, they will
not appoint.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend says it is quasi
judicial. It is no more judicial—quasi or
otherwise—than any other executive duty or
other actual duty that is imposed upon a court
to do something. The deciding of a cause is
a judicial duty. The proceeding to hear it is
a duty not judicial. If the judge refuses to
proceed to hear a cause, a higher court by
mandamus compels him to go on ; and yet my
friend will agree that a judge could not be
compelled by mandamus to decide one way or
the other.
Mr. JOHNSON. Unquestionably not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. For the reason that it is
his duty to go forward and hear the cause;
not in the sense of being called upon to de-
cide one thing or another, but to do, to pro-
ceed, to act; and therefore the proceeding to
act is not a judicial duty or quasi judicial in
the sense in which I am now considering the
term.
Mr. JOHNSON. Now, if the honorable
member supposes there is any distinction
between such a ease as he mentions and the
case I supposed to exist I think he is mistaken.
We deal with them as a court in the bill. The
honorable member gets clear of the objection
that they have no right to decide as a court in
relation to the obligation to do what we impose
upon them as a court, by saying that we only
ask them to do as a court what we would have
the authority to ask any individual to do as a
citizen. That is a great mistake. You have
no power to direct the courts of the United
States to do any act not in accordance with
their official duties as a court. Otherwise you
might burden them to the extent of destroying
them altogether and compel them to resign.
Their duties are under the Constitution of the
United States strictly judicial.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Constitution gives
us express authority to impose on them this
executive duty, of the appointment of any offi-
cer we choose.
Mr. JOrHNSON. It gives you authority to
impose it upon them as a court. That is what
I mean to say. Then you have imposed on
them the duty as a court; and if, as a court,
they have no power to execute this law, be-
cause the Chief Justice is connected with them
in the exercise of the power of appointment
and he refuses to act, they will say they will
not act, and thus they will not execute the
law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That may be, but they
are like anybody else then.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should be very glad
indeed to relieve the Chief Justice of this
burden that has been imposed upon him, and
would vote to do so if I did not believe that
the effort would result in nothing. I have
no trouble about the constitutional question.
The appointment made in terms by the dis-
trict court, and the fact that it is made upon
the nomination of the Chief Justice, does not
render that appointment invalid in my judg-
ment. You might just as well say that requir-
ing the appointment to bo made by the court
from among a distinct class of people, as law-
yers, would make it invalid. You can limit
them if you choose to do so. The district
court is not obliged to appoint the men named
by the Chief Justice, but it may reject them,
so that the appointment after all comes from
the district court, though limited in the statute
in a particular way.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let me ask the Senator
in regard to an officer required to be appointed
by the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, can the President ap-
point without the consent of the Senate ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; but the lan-
guage in the two cases ia not the same. The
constitutional provision is, that the President
shall appoint by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate. The Senate, therefore,
cannot appoint without the action of the Presi-
dent; but in this case, although the district
courts cannot appoint without the action of
the Chief Justice they do appoint.
Mr. JOHNSON. The President cannot
appoint without the consent of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Exactly, and it is only
changing the direction. But that is a matter
which it is not worth while to argue, for lawyers
will have different opinions about it. I see
no difficulty in the way of the provision we
have enacted; and if these registers should be
appointed in this way and go through with
their labors, and a decree in bankruptcy
should be entered, I do not think even my
friend from Maryland would contend that any-
body could go behind that decree to inquire
as to the manner of the appointment of the
register after the decree had been made. That
point has been settled too often in cases some-
what similar to leave any question about it.
Notwithstanding that, the proper mode
would have been undoubtedly to vest the ap-
pointment in the district cojirts originally, and
I was in favor of it. The district courts are
the courts of bankruptcy, and they should have
the appointment. But that could not be done.
We all understand exactly how the matter was.
The House of Representatives insisted upon
vesting the appointment in the circuit courts,
because they did not like some of the district
judges. The-Senate were disposed to vest it
in the district courts, or a portion of the Sen-
ate were, because they did like some of the
circuit judges ; and so it stood, and a compro-
mise was made and fairly agreed upon here in
the Senate that we should strike out the "cir-
cuit courts" and insert the " district courts,"
and leave in the bill the clause requiring the
nomination of the Chief Justice. That was
understood at the time, and was the only way
in which the matter could be settled. Now, if
we attempt to change it and send this bill to
the House of Representatives, the result will
be that we shall be just where we were before.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My friend from Maine,
I think, is mistaken about the history of the
bill. I think it came from the House just as
it now stands.
Mr. FESSENT>EN. No, sir ; as it came
from the House it provided that the appoint-
ment should be by the circuit judges.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is not my recol-
lection.
.Mr. FESSENDEN. It is so certainly. The
House bill provided for appointing the regis-
ters by the judges of the circuit courts on the
nomination of the Chief Justice. The amend-
ment made by the Judiciary Committee was to
strikeout "circuit" and insert ''district," and
also to strike out the clause requiring the nom-
ination of the Chief Justice ; but a compromise
was made as I have stated; and that compro-
mise having been made and agreed to and the
bill passed, and many members having gone
home, I do not think it wise at this period of
the session to change it. I have no doubt that
although the duty is onerous it will be dis-
charged by the Chief Justice if Congress, hav-
ing imposed it upon him, see fit to keep it on
him. I would gladly and willingly relieve him
if I could, if I saw that the thing was practi-
cable, that it could be done; but convinced as
I am that any effort in that direction must fail,
or that if it did not fail it will bring it back to
where it stood originally, putting' the power in
the hands of the circuit judges, to which I am
utterly opposed without any limitation, I shall
vote against this bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish my friend from
New York would withdraw the motion to com-
mit to allow mc to offer an amendment, so that
if the bill be referred the amendment will go
with it, and then the motion can be renewed.
Mr. CONKLING. Very wellI withdraw
the motion for that purpose.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to offer an amend-
