282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
tion has been seconded and the main question
ordered on the joint resolution and pending
amendments.
The first amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole was £o strike out of the
joint resolution the following:
And that the sum of $1,000,000 be hereby appropri-
ated from funds in the Treasury of the United States
not otherwise appropriated, the same to be expended
under the direction of the Commissioner of the said
bureau for the purchase and issue of the said sup-
plies of food.
And insert in lieu thereof:
And to that end the Secretary of War is hereby
authorized and directed, through the Commissioner
of the Freedmen's Bureau, to apply so much as he
may deem necessary for the purposes aforesaid of
the unexpended moneys heretofore appropriated
to supply, freedmen and refugees with provisions or
rations.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert in line
five of the joint resolution after the word
"classes" the words " of destitute or helpless
persons."
The amendment was agreed to.
The last amendment was to add to the joint
resolution the following:
Provided, That the expenditures shall not extend
beyond the present appropriations already made for
the Freedmen's Bureau.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was then
read the third time.
The question was on the passage of the joint
resolution.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call for the previous
question on the passage of the joint reso-
lution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I call for
the veas and nays on the passage of the io'int
resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 98, nays 31, uot voting
:"i5; as follows:
YEAS—Jtoivrs. Allison. Ames, Anderson. Archer,
Baker, li.uikf, Barnes. Beaman, Benton, Bingham,
131.line, Blair, Boutwell, Boycr, Brooks, Broomall,
Buckland, Burr, Chanler. Churchill, Reader W.
Clrtike, Coburn, Cornell, Donnelly, Eggleston, Eld-
ridge, Ferriss, Ferry, Fox, Garfield, Getz, Glossbren-
ner, llaight, llalsey, Hamilton, Hayes, Holman,
As.ihel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd,
Humphrey, Ingersoll, Judd, Julian, Kclley, Kerr,
Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz, Lincoln, Mallory. Mar-
vin, McCarthy, Mercur, Miller, Morrell, Morrissey,
jU un^en, Myers, Newcomb. Niblack, Nicholson, No-
ell, Orth, PerUum, Peters, Pile, Plants, Poland, Pols-
ley, Pruyn, Randall, Robertson, Robinson, Ross, Sit-
irveiu'es, Smith, Spalding, Aaron F.Stevens, Stewart,
Tnber, Taylor, Trowbridge, Twitchell. Upson, Van
Aeruam. Van Auken.Tlnrt Van Horn. Robert T. Van
Horn, Van Trump, -V.io Wyck, Ward, Henry D.
Washburn, Thomas Williams, James F. Wilson,
John T. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—98.
■ NAYS—Messrs. Benjamip, Butler, Cake, Sidney
Clarke, Cook, Covode, Cullom, Dodge, Driggs, Eck-
lcy, Farnsworth, Fields, Finney, Gravely, Hopkins,
Tfnnt.er, William Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Moore,
O'Neill, Paine, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shanks,
ShcUabargcr. Thaddeus Stevens, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Welker, and William Williams—31.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, James
M. Ashley, Baldwin, Bromwell, Cobb, Dawes. Deni-
son, JGla, Eliot, Griswold, Harding, Hill, Hooper,
Ivclsey, Laflin, George V. Xjawrenee, Loughridge,
Lynch, Marshall, McOlurg, McCullough, Moorhead,
Morgan. Phelps, Pike, Pomcroy, Price, liaum, Selye,
Stone, T.iffe, Thomas, William B. Washburn, Ste-
phen F. Wilson, and Wood—35.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
• vote just taken; and also moved that the
mation reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXPENDITURES FOE ORDNANCE.
Mr. VAN WYCK asked unanimous^ con-
sent to introduce a joint resolution relating to
expenditures for ordnance.
The joint resolution, which was read for
information, provides that no more large guns
or cannon of any kind shall be ordered, pur-
chased, transported, or mounted at the cost of
the United States, until it has been deter-
mined by practical experiment that guns of
the largest sizes, such as are now placed on
ships or forts, are capable of enduring heavy
charges and of being fired rapidly; that no
more projectiles, carriages, implements, or
stores intended for such guns shall be paid for
until the qualities of the guns shall thus be
determined ; that no more of the Springfield
or other muskets shall be altered to breech-
loaders of those which require the barrel to be
lined for the purpose of reducing the caliber.
Mr. CHANLER. I object.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I desire to appeal to
the gentleman to allow the resolution to be
introduced, and referred to the Committee on
Retrenchment.
Mr. CHANLER. Why should it not be
referred to the Committee on Ordnance when
appointed? I understand the House has
adopted a resolution providing for the appoint-
ment of a committee to take charge of this
very subject. Why should the gentleman seek
to anticipate in this way the action of that
committee?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York objects to the introduction of the resolu-
tion, and it is not before the House.
Mr. YAN WYCK. I move to suspend the
rules that the resolution may be introduced,
and referred to the Committee on Retrench-
ment.
Mr. CHANLER. If the resolution is to be
referred I withdraw my objection to its intro-
duction.
There being no objection, the joint resolu-
tion was introduced, read a first and second
time, and referred to the joint select Commit-
tee on Retrenchment.
RIVEIt IMPROVEMENT.
Mr. BAKER. I have sent to the Clerk's
desk, under the rule, and had referred to the
Committee on Commerce a memorial and res-
olution of the river improvement convention
held at St. Louis in February, 1867. As these
papers emanate from a very important body
and have reference to a great material interest,
I ask that they he printed.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the documents will be ordered to be printed.
There was no objection.
message from tiik senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
indefinitely postponed a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 29) to extend to the employes in the
quartermaster's and subsistence departments
at Washington the provisions of the joint res-
olution giving additional compensation to cer-
tain employes in the civil service of the Gov-
ernment at Washington.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed a joint resolution and a bill of the
following titles, in which the concurrence of
the House was requested :
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 40) to provide
for the payment of the claim of Richard Chen-
ery; and
An act (S. No. 90) to establish a port of
delivery at Chester, Pennsylvania.
HENRY A. SMYTHE.
Jlr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I call
for the regular order.
The SPEAKER announced as the first busi-
ness in order during the morning hour the con-
sideration of the resolution reported yesterday
from the Committee on Public Expenditures.
Mr. HULBURD. I ask whether the House
is willing an amendment should be made to the
resolution which I reported yesterday. I ask
the Clerk to read the resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That it, is the sense of this House that
Henry A. Smythe should be immediately removed
from the office of collector of the port of New York;
and that the Clerk of tho House cause a certified
copy of this resolution to be laid before the President
of the United States.
Mr. HULBURD. I move to amend so it
shall read, "the President and Senate of the
United States." It will then provide that cer-
tified copies shall be laid before the Senate as
well as the President.
Mr. CHANLER. Has this testimony been
printed so that the members of the House have
had any opportunity to revise it and see upon
what this resolution has been based ?
Mr. HULBURD. I do not wish to take up
the time of the House, but I answer as far as
this: it has not been printed except about two
hundred and fifty pages, which I was able to
get this morning.
I wish to say, in this action of the House, it
must beborne in mind that one committee has
already investigated this matter and reported
in this direction. I wish also to say the pres-
ent committee of this House in their committee-
room had this subject under consideration, and
had before them a portion of this testimony, and
that, with two dissenting votes, they instructed
me to report this resolution. With that expla-
nation I ask the House to sustain the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. CHANLER. This is a question of repu-
tation, and I trust that my colleague will uot
press the previous question.
Mr. HULBURD. I insist on the demand.
Mr. CHANLER. It is unfair in every fofm.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. If the
gentleman will yield to me, I will test the sense
of the House by saying Mr. Smythe shall be
forthwith "impeached" insieadof "removed."
Mr. HULBURD. I insist on the demand
for the previous question.
The previous question was not seconded.
Mr. CHANLER obtained the floor.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman allow me to move an amendment
before he proceeds?
Mr. CHANLER. Certainly, sir; I yield
for that purpose only.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I want
to strike outthe words "immediately removed"
and to insert " be impeached ; and that a com-
mittee be appointed forthwith to prepare arti-
cles of impeachment."
Mr. BLAINE. The committee has already
been instructed to inquire into the subject of
impeachment.
The SPEAKER. That was struck out of
the resolution.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
the following as a substitute for the pending
resolution:
Resolved, That it is the sense of this House that
Henry A. Smythe, collector of the port of New York,
ought to bo impeachcd; and that the Committee on
Public Expenditures proceed forthwith to prepare
articles of impeachment.
Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Speaker, my object
in taking the floor is not to enter into an argu-
ment to meet testimony which has never been
published, nor to defend the character of a
man who has been assailed in a committee-
room in a corner of this building without
knowing what the form of the assault may be.
I am not going to undertake an impossible
and unreasonable thing; hut I have risen here
to-day to arrest precipitate, unjust, and unfair
legislation in the absence of an official of this
Government under most serious charges. That
is my sole object.
This gentleman's character is as dear to him
as is that of any man's upon this floor is to
him, and the more terrible the assault the
more necessary it is that he should have coun-
sel to appear for him at the bar of this House.
We should not deny him all opportunity of
self-defense.
I now yield for a moment to the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridce.]
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I cannot vote for the
resolution introduced by the gentleman from
New York, because I look upon the appoint-
ment and removal of officers of the kind named
as beyond the jurisdiction of Congress. It
seems to me if we have a right to say this man
ought to be removed, then certainly we have
the right to name his successor and insist upon
his appointment. I suggest to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Hulburd,] before call-
ing the previous question, that be modify his
resolution so as to name the'successor of Mr.
Smythe. I suggest also that lie name Horace
