1867.
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
285
officer of the G-overnment. This body i^to
assume _ all powers, waiving its own special
rights, ignoring the rights of the Executive,
and having no regard for the course which, out
of due regard for ourselves, we are bound under
the Constitution^ pursue. We are to under-
take a new process. The majority of this
House are asked to institute a new proceeding
by which we are to constitute ourselves the
executive'authority of the United States.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a moment?
Mr. NOELL. Certainly.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I move to amend
the resolution of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevens] by adding to it the words
"and to sit during the recess of Congress."
Mr. NOELL. I was very glad to hear the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler]
—who is rapidly assuming the leadership of
the great party now controlling the destiny of
this country—I was very glad to hear him put
himself iu such a fair position, to hear him
avow such honesty of purpose in the proceed-
ing which he desired to have instituted in this
House. I was very glad to hear him quote
those maxims of justice, and not only maxims
of justice but also Latin phrases, such as might
be indelibly impressed upon the memory of
those who heard him.
What he said was followed by the suggestion
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] that we should at least restrict our
action to such course as was in our power;
that we should have recourse to the only method
by which we had power to act, the finding of
articles of impeachment. And thus we have
at last come to where we should have started
out. If this officer has been guilty of half the
crimes charged against him, then as a friend
of the Administration which appointed him I
for one demand that his conduct shall be fully
and fairly investigated, and that the full meed
of punishment shall be allotted to him.
But we see resolutions presented to this House
asking members who have never read a particle
of the evidence in this case to take upon them-
selves to demand the dismissal of this officer,
and perhaps to thus take a step toward another
impeachment, this being in itself but an insig-
nificant affair. We are called upon, upon the
simple recommendation of a committee, to ask
the President to remove this officer. If he
fails to do it, then I suppose this garbled testi-
mony is to be taken and used as a means to
that other impeachment to which members are
looking. Sir, it is getting to be dangerous
times when the characters and reputation of
men as high as the character of the gentleman
whose conduct we are now investigating was
said to be before his appointment; when the
characters of such men are to be swept away
by a simple resolution, without investigation
of any kind; when the House of Representa-
tives is to set itself to work to destroy men's
reputation, and to indicate to other departments
of the Government what shall be their course.
We have heard the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Banks] declare that this body
was the highest judicial tribunal in this coun-
try, and that the decisions of the courts were
no longer to stand against the voice of a popu-
lar faction. We have had it boldly announced
here that however much that taction may be
disposed to trample upon the rights of others,
this Congress is absolute and sovereign. And
now we have a new docti-ine announced equally
as specious as that; and that is that the House
of Representatives shall henceforth be consti-
tuted the executive department of the Govern-
ment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CHANLER. I would inquire of the
Chair how much of my hour is left?
The SPEAKER, the gentleman has seven
minutes of his hour remaining. The morning
hour will expire in four minutes.
Mr. CHANLER. I yield to the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Noell] for the remainder
of the morning hour. Then this matter will
go over until to-morrow, and in the mean time
I hope members will examine this subject and
be prepared to-do justice.
Mr. NOELL. Mr. Speaker, it has been
paraded before this House that the majority
of the committee, constituting all the members
except two, have reported this resolution ; and
it is urged that the House should have fall
faith in their committee, and should give full
credit to their proceedings. Let me say, sir,
that we have taken but very little testimony;
and I for one have been unable to examine
any considerable portion of that testimony.
I believe that in this respect other members of
the committee are in the same condition as
myself, with the exception of perhaps two.
Now, there seems on this occasion to be a
division of sentiment upon the part of those
who have always acted harmoniously hereto-
fore ; and the two great leaders of the Radical
party have led off in favor of a more severe as
weli as more just method of procedure than
that proposed by the committee. It is a happy
state of affairs, sir, when men have readied
the extreme verge so that they can go no further,
and when a sense of justice creates within their
bosoms feelings of a reactionary character. It
is to be hoped that this strong sense of justico
will influence to a greater extent gentlemen
who are controlling the Legislature of the
country, and that we shall have in the future
more appeals to the rights of individuals, the
powers of the Constitution, and those maxims
of justice which have hitherto controlled every
civilized community.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
ORDER 01? BUSINESS.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I move
that the House proceed to the consideration of
business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move that the rules
be suspended for the purpose of further con-
sidering the resolution of the Committee on
Public Expenditures in reference to Collector
Smythe. It will take but a few minutes to
dispose of the question.
On the motion of Mr. Broomall, there
were—ayes CI, noes 47.
Mr. BROOMALL. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Broomall
and Mr. Hubbard, of West Virginia, were
appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes 07, noes 40.
So (two thirds not having voted in favor
thereof) the motion to suspend the rules was
not agreed to.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
the Committee had examined and found truly
enrolled an act (S. No. 61) to provide for a dis-
trict and a circuit court of the United States for
the district of Nebraska, and for other pur-
poses, when the Speaker signed the same.
steamship paonskun.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the following message
from the Senate:
In Senate op the TJnitud States,
March 22,1867.
Resolved^ That the IIou?e of Kepresentatires be
requested to return to the Senate Senate bill jno. 60,
entitled "An act to change the name of the steamship
Paonshun."
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
this bill will be returned to the Senate as re-
quested.
There was no objection.
order of business again.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
Hubbard, of West Virginia, that the House
procecd to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table, the motion was agreed to.
bounties op missouri troops.
The first business on the Speaker'stable was
the amendment of the Senate to the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 6) placing certain troops of
Missouri on an equal footing with others as to
bounties.
The amendment was read, as follows:
In line five strike out the words'" borne on the rolla
as slaves.
Mr. MeCLURG. I move the House concur
in the amendment of the Senate.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. KtcCLURG moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tax on wrapping-paper.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.
II. No. 72) to exempt wrapping-paper made
from wood or corn-stalks from internal tax.
The amendment was read, as follows:
At the end of the bill add the following as a new
scction:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That every na-
tional banking association, State bank, banker, or
association shall pay a tax of ten per cent, on the
amount of the notes of any town, city, or municipal
corporation paid out by them after the 1st day of
May, 1SG7, to be colleetcd in tho mode and manner
in which the tax on the notes of State banks is col-
lected.
Mr. BLAINE. I move that the House eon-
cur in the amendment; and I desire to explain
its effect. The present law taxes the notes of
State banks ten per cent. The cities through-
out the South—New Orleans, Memphis, Sa-
vannah, and other cities—have issued in very
large quantities a sort of municipal scrip or
" shinplaster" currency, and the notes of this
character are paid out by the banks as circula-
tion. The amendment of tho Senate is designed
lo check this species of circulation. I call for
the previous question on concurring in the
amendment.
Mr. PltUYN. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman a question. These are issued under
State authority, and what right have we to
interfere with them?
Mr. BLAINE. We have the right to tax
them. We put them upon the same basis of
taxation as that already provided for the notes
of State banks. This is merely a tax upon the
scrip of these States when used as circulating
medium the same as upon the notes of State
banks.
Mr. BROOKS. What has this to do with
straw paper?
Mr. JUDD. I hope my friend from Maine
will allow me to suggest a small amendment.
Mr. BLAINE. Is it about ladders ?
Mr. JUDD. Yes, sir.
Mr. BLAINE. I cannot consent to have
this proposition burdened with this amend-
ment, which the Senate have already rejected.
The Senate have put upon it an amendment
which is not germane, but for which they are
answerable.
Mr. CHANLER. The gentleman from
Maine has no right to decide whether the
amendment of the Senate is germane or not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has often been
called upon to rule on these amendments. If
this amendment had been offered in the House
it would not have been germane. The Senate
have exercised the right to offer amendments
whiGh it has under tho Constitution.
Mr. BLAINE. Being upon the bill by order
of the Senate, which we cannot question, and
being highly proper in itself as an independent
measure deserving the support of the House,
I hope there will be no hesitation in agreeing
to put it upon this bill. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. JUDD. I ask the Chair for informa-
tion. If the demand for the previous question
be seconded will I not then be cut off from
moving my amendment?
The SPEAKER. It will not be in order to
move an amendment if the previous question be
seconded.
Mr. JUDD. I hope, then, the demand for
the previous question will not be seconded.
Mr. BLAINE. If we put in "ladders"
again it will kill the whole thing.
