286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state-if
the previous question be not seconded and the
amendment for "ladders" is offered he will
consider it in order, as the Senate have amended
the title so as to make it read "and for other
purposes." The Chair will regard "ladders"
as coming in under "other purposes."
Mr. EGGLESTON. I ask the gentleman
to yield to me. I ask leave to.amend by pro-
viding that "stoves" shall also be embraced
in the free list.
Mr. BLAINE. I cannot consent to yield
for any such amendment.
Mr. PABNS WORTH. I hope the "ladder"
amendment will bo introduced.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
49, noes 48.
Mr. HOLM AN demanded tellers.
'tellers were ordered; and Mr. Blaine and
Mr. Judd were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes thirty-one, noes not counted.
Mr. BLAINE. 1 give it up.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. JUDD. I move to insert after the word
"paper" the word "ladders."
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
gentleman's amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
That from and after the passage of this act, ladders
made of wood shall bo exempted from internal tax.
Mr. JUDD. I yield now to the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mi-. EGGLESTON. I move to insert
"stoves."
Mr. BLAINE. Stoves made of wood?
[Laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope the gentleman
from Illinois will not understand my opposition
to his introducing his amendment as personal
to himself. If one arlicle may be put upon the
free list others may also without any investiga-
tion by the Committee of Ways and Means,
thus cutting we do not know how far into the
revenues of the Government. If ladders may
be put in in this way I do not see any reason
why others may not also be put in the free
list. I do not see any reasons why " ladders "
should be put upon the free list except that an
intelligent, estimable gentleman would like to
have it done for his constituents. If I were
going to vote for any gentleman I would vote
for the gentleman from Illiuois as soon as for
any other; but as it is not the purpose, or not
the policy of the House, as it seems to me, to
vote on the request of any gentleman for any
measure, I think we should not act oil these
questions until we have had the regular com-
mittees appointed and their reports for our
information.
The other day the gentleman said we had
put brush-blocks, wooden handles, machinery
made of wood, and a number of other articles
on the free list, and I called his attention to
the fact that they were put on mainly because
they were parts of machines or implements, and
brush-blocks should not be taxed because the
brushes when finished were taxed. They were
taken out simply not to duplicate the tax. The
handles of machinery made of wood were not
taxed, because the whole machines, handles
and all, were taxed when completed and offered
for sale. Now, to exempt ladders, a finished
article, of which there are several manufac-
turers in the gentleman's district, is simply to
relieve some three or four manufacturing estab-
lishments from paying any tax on what they
produce. I ask this House whether it is willing
now to single out articles in this way for the sake
of exempting a few manufacturing firms. It is
an absurd mode of legislating.
And if I may refer to the Senate, it seems to
me that they very properly rejected the propo-
sition after full debate and after the unanimous
report of one of their standing committees
against it. I hope, therefore, that this House
will not add this amendment.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to say in reply to the
gentleman from Ohio, as he seems to think I
am pressing the matter unduly in this House,
that when this question was called to my atten-
tion by one of my constituents I notified him
by letter that there would be no such general
legislation, in my opinion, as would call for
action upon this question. I found, however,
a few days afterward, that members of long
experience in legislation were introducing spe-
cific exemptions of precisely the same charac-
ter, and I thought then that it was my duty to
move this proposition. I saw gentlemen pre-
senting questions similar to this, and I thought
if I remained in my seat and did not press this
proposition I would be derelict to my duty. I
did not at first intend to call the attention of
the House to this case until the Committee of
Ways and Means had been appointed, but when
I found subjects of this kind being actcd upon
I thought that mine was right and just, and
that there was no reason why it should be
rejected while others were successfully press-
ing like claims. That is the reason for my
action. Now, if the gentleman wiil give tpe
one single reason 
Mr. BLAINE. That is just what I want to
do if'he will allow me the floor as I allowed
him when I had the floor.
Mr. JUDD. I will do it.
Mr. BLAINE. When I introduced my
measure 1 submitted a letter from- the late
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means stating that the omission was a mistake
in the committee of conference ; that they had
included in the free list the only articlc which
came in direct competition with that omitted,
and that it would be very unfair to leave one
article exempted and the other subject to tax.
I moreover stated to the House that the only
ground on which I could or would demand its
consideration was to remedy a mistake which
was vouched for by the late chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, whose accu-
racy would not be disputed by any gentleman
of the House who knew him. It was upon
that statement that the House voted to include
the article, simply to remedy a defect in the
legislation of the last session. My proposition
was not as this is, to introduce new and original
matter.
When the resolution reached the Senate
there were various efforts made to attach other
articles, just as was done by the gentleman from
Illinois here, but the Senate committee rejected
the whole of them and confined its legislation
to that which this House had instituted in cor-
rection of a mistake. I wish to say further,
that if the House agrees to the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Illinois the
effect of it will be simply to kill the measure.
Asa'n independent proposition the House voted
for the gentleman's measure. It did precisely
the same for him that it did for me. I did not
ask to embarrass his measure with any propo-
sition of mine, and I ask him now not to em-
barrass or kill this by his amendment.
Mr. JUDD. The appeal of my friend is
very strong, but I do not see the logic of it. He
tells me that his was a case of mistake in the
internal revenue law passed at the last session.
I could understand it if he had said that it was
a case of forgetfulness and not an omission.
They did not think of the article when they
left it out. It is precisely analogous to the case
I now present t.o the House.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman stated in his
seat 
Mr. JUDD. I assure the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Blaixe] that I do not believe he
will lose his bill. I do not believe that they
in the other end of the Capitol will refuse to
do that which is just in itself. We are at least
bound to presume as members of this body
that the other branch of the national Legisla-
ture will act in accordance with the principles
of right and justice. If this House will put in
my ladders, that will be evidence that it is
right and just they should be put m ; and we
are bound to presume that the Senate will con-
cur in that action.
Mr. BLAINE. But the Senate has already
rejected the bill of the gentleman.
Mr. MYERS. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Blaine] has said that he will not object
to d)hy amendments to cure defects in the legis-
lation of the last Congress.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman will pardon
me; I did not say I would favor amendments
to this bill for such purposes. I said I would
vote for other bills for those purposes.
Mr. MYERS. Well, I will go on and say
what I have to say. In the last Congress this
House voted to exempt from taxation fab-
rics the product of hand-looms. Some one
moved to add the words "not made in peni-
tentiaries;" and in that form the bill passed
the House. The bill went to the Senate, where
some one moved a technical amendment, not
affecting the general proposition ; but both
Houses agreed to the exemption, which ought
to have been incorporated into the law. \et
the committee of conference which was ap-
pointed on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, exercising a judgment which perhaps
..technical parliamentary rules gave them the
right to do, undertook to set aside the action
of the two Houses because of these variations
in the wording of the clause, and thus these
fabriss came out from the action of that com-
mittee of conference taxable, as they were be-
fore. Now, I believe if ever there was a mis-
take or an error on the part of a committee of
conference, it was that departure from the con-
current action of the two Houses.
Mr. KELLEY. Will my colleague yield to
me for a moment that I may state to the House
the language which was actually used by the
two Houses of the last Congress ?
Mr. MYERS. In a moment. I now move
to amend by adding the words "and fabrics
the product of hand-looms," I am sure my gen-
erous friend from Maine [Mr. Blaise] will
accept that amendment.
The SPEAKER. No further amendment
is now in order, there being pending an amend-
ment and ail amendment to the amendment.
Mr. MYERS. Then I will hereafter ask
leave to offer it. I now yield to my colleague,
[Mr. Kelley.]
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to state to the
House what was the exact language used in
the House, and how it was modified m she
Senate. The clause adopted by the House
was, "Fabrics the product of hand looms,
when not used in penitentiaries referring to
the implements. The Senate amended the
clause by striking out the word "used" and
inserting the word "produced;" so that it
read, "Fabrics the product of hand-looms,
when not produced in penitentiaries." The
one House had reference to the implement,
the other to the production. But both Houses
assented to the proposition that those fabrics
should be released from taxation.
Mr. MYERS. I understand that the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Jcdd] is willing to
accept my amendment.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to move an amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. There are already pend-
ing an amendment and an amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. BANKS. Then I desire to make a
remark or two. I would not press the exemp-
tion of any one of these articles if the tax upon
them is necessary for the public interest. But
if exemption is made in one case, it should
upon the same ground be made in the other.
At the last session of Congress wiapping-
paper made from straw was exempted from
taxation. It is now proposed that wrapping-
paper made from wood and from corn-stalks
shall also be exempt from taxation, leaving
that most important branch of manufacture,
paper made from Manila, subject to the tax.
Now, when I can get the opportunity I shall
move to insert the words "or Manila" after
the word "corn-stalks."
There is no reason whatever why the manu-
facturer of wrapping paper from Manila should
not be exempted from tax as well as the
manufacturer of wrapping-paper from wood or
cornstalks. I therefore desire to amend by
inserting after "corn-stalks" the words "or
Manila."
