1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
287
Mr. BLAINE. I have no objection to that
amendment. I think it is very proper.
The SPEAKER. The amendment can be
adopted by unanimous consent.
There was no objection; and the amend-
ment was adopted.
Mr. JUDD. That does not help ladders at
all. [Laughter.]
Mr._ SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman from
; Illinois [Mr. Judd] to yield to me for a few
moments.
Mr. JUDD. I will do so.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to suggest that
most of the paper of the kind intended to be
included in this bill is manufactured, not from
corn-stalks, but from stalks of sorghum. If
there is any propriety in inserting Manila, we
ought also to insert " stalks of sorghum."
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman .will allow
me to suggest that in my view the provision
of the internal revenue act should have ex-
empted wrapping-paper of all kinds; and it
seems to me it would be desirable to so amend
it, if that result can in the present posture of
t.lie question be accomplished in any parlia-
mentary form.
The SPEAKER. The amendment which
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine] sug-
gests could not be made, because the portion
of the bill to which it relates has been agreed
to by both Houses.
Mr. BLAINE. I did not offer an amend-
ment. I only made the suggestion.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the Chair will understand that unanimous con-
sent is given to an amendment exempting wrap-
ping-paper made from stalks of sorghum.
There was no objection.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then the bill has another
stalk to stand upon; and it may thereby be
made a little stronger. [Laughter.]
But, sir, I wish to make another sugges-
tion. The proposition of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. J odd,] and the other proposi-
tions which gentlemen seek to introduce here,
are founded upon the neglect or mistake of
Congress in fading to extend its legislation to
certain objects which should have been pro-
vided for in our revenue laws. I think .Con-
gress has made a great many mistakes on this
subject; and permit me to say that one very
important mistake was in failing to adopt,
when the tariff bill was under consideration,
certain amendments offered by me, which, if
that bill had become (as it ought to have be-
come) a law, would have given much needed
protection to those industrial interests involved
in the manufacture of fibers of hemp and flax.
I have within twenty-four hours received posi-
tive information that a large factory, in which
one gentleman has invested his whole means,
amounting to $30,000, is with various others
in the western country, including some loca-
ted in my district, compelled to stop because
of the want of proper protective legislation.
If we are to revise the mistakes and omis-
sions of our tax laws and tariff, I hope we
shall not merely make a patch here and a patch
there, but that the door will be thrown wide
open, so as to afford an opportunityto remedy
the various deficiencies of our legislation in
this respect. I have 110 objection to -ladders,
not even the ladder of fame by means of which
the gentleman from Chicago [Mr. Judd] is to
climb into the good graces of his constituents
by his admirable manner of managing this
question. But, sir, whiie we are taking care
of this interest of ladders and other special
interests which are singled out and brought to
our attention, I contend that there is a pro-
priety in opening this whole question of our
internal revenue and tariff laws, so that then
deficiencies and irregularities may be removed.
Unless there is to be a fair and open fight, so
that all the different interests requiring^ legis-
lation may receive proper attention, I think we
had better close the door against these isolated
propositions. Then the gentlemen interested
in ladders and other matters now urged upon
our consideration will help us hereafter in get-
ting a general correction of the various mis-
takes and deficiencies of our legislation. But
I am afraid that if gentlemen get their own
axes ground-separately we shall not have a
general turning of the grindstone hereafter
for the benefit of all our tools that may need
sharpening. [Laughter.]
Mr. JUDD. I do not believe in the closing
remark of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SCHENCK. I beg the gentleman's par-
don. I did not mean it in any offensive sense.
I did not mean that he had any ax to grind.
Mr. JUDD. I am aware of that. If the hon-
orable gentleman from Ohio offered any propo-
sition which commended itself to my judgment
as fair and right, then I would vote for it, even
though it might notbe an " omnibus bill," even
though it might not open the whole legislation
upon the tariffbill. If, on the whole evidence,
his proposition were right, I would vote for it,
even though all the other like questions could
not be brought before the House at the same
time.
If I understand the question, the honorable
gentleman from Maine has accepted the amend-
ment to insert " Manila."
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to have it so
amended that the provision shall be general,
that all wrapping-paper shall be exempted from
internal taxation.
Mr. JUDD. The honorable gentleman will
allow me one word further. He fears the bill
will be lost altogether if it must go back to the
Senate; but that objection is obviated by the
amendments already made. There can be no
reason, therefore, based upon that why "lad-
ers" should not come in.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman has already
had a trial of the ladder question in the Sen-
ate and has been defeated. The Senate have
fully considered this paper question and have
agreed to it. He now wants to put these
1' ladders'' upon the paper platform to see
whether he cannot have it carried through in
that way.
Mr. JUD,D. We are all allowed to have a
sober second thought, and I hope the honora-
ble gentleman from Maine will not exclude
the other branch of Congress from having that
sober second thought. My conviction is, when
they come again to consider the provision for
ladders, they will adopt it. I believe they will
give it a safe deliverance.
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to a question of
order. I should like to know the condition
of this question.
The SPEAKER. The question is ou the
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a moment.
Mr. JUDD. Certainly.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not know what amount
of revenue is derived from "ladders," but as
the gentleman states there are only two or three
manufactories of this article, I presume the
amount of revenue is small. But when it is
proposed to exempt " stoves" it seems to me
that there are many other articles which we
will have to exempt from taxation for a like
reason. If I remember correctly, the report
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
states that last year we raised a revenue of
§300,000 from "stoves;" and from a conver-
sation I had with the Commissioner I learned
that this does not include all; that the revenue
derived from castings and hollow-ware would
make it amount to §1,000,000.
I am aware that a portion of these articles
are exempted; but I am not prepared, Mr.
Speaker, without further action, to exempt
stoves from taxation unless we shall go into a
general revision of the internal tax bill. If
we do anything at all we should consider the
whole list. I say it is not fair in this way to
be bringing forward article after article to be
put upon the free list without the ordinary inves-
tigation which all such matters ought to have,
I hope "stoves" will not be included, and that
" ladders" even will not be included.
Mr. MYERS. I rise to a question of order.
Is it not in order for the gentleman from Ohio
to accept my amendment?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can offer
his amendment before the vote is taken.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I accept the amend-
ment.
Mr. Speaker, I do not wish to make any-
extended remarks on this subject. I am sur-
prised that one of the members of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means should make an argu-
ment against my amendment, as if it were a
new question. He says that we collect a rev-
enue of $300,000 from stoves and hollow-ware.
Hollow-ware was exempted by the Thirty-Ninth
Congress from all taxation. How much reve-
nue is collected on what is left?
Now, sir, the article of stoves is almost uni-
versally used throughout the western country.
There is not a cabin in Illinois, Iowa, or Ohio
in which you will not find a stove ; and 1 do
not see why it should not be exempted as well
as articles manufactured in any other section
of the country which enter into general use.
The tax comes off the consumer. Hollow-ware
has been exempted, and yet it paid more tax
than stoves.
In addition to that this House exempted
stoves by an almost unanimous vote. They
were put on the free list by the House; but
when the bill went to the Senate they were
stricken out through mistake, as one of the
members of that body informed me. There-
fore I say we should .put these back on the
free list.
Mr. JUDD. I now call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. COVODE. Will the gentleman yield ?
Mr. JUDD. T decline to yield further.
Mr. COVODE. I wanted to save the lad-
ders.
The previous question was seconded—ayes
61, noes 20; and the main question ordered.
The question first recurred on the amend-
ment to the amendment, to add after the word
"tax" the word "stoves, and fabrics, the
product of hand-looms;" and being put, there
were—ayes 42, noes 00
Mr. EGGLESTON demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the amendment to the amendment was
disagreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment to
add the word "ladders ;" and being put, there
were—ayes 50, noes 47.
Mr. UPSON demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to tho
amendment of the Senate as amended.
Mr. JUDD. If the House refuse to concur
in the amendment of the Senate as amended,
then the Senate amendment is defeated.
Mr. BLAINE. And the amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois also.
Mr. SPALDING. What becomes of the
ladders, then? [Laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I call for tellers 011 the
amendment of the Senate.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Garfield and Judd,
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 46, noes 4!).
Mr. JUDD. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BLAINE. I rise to a question of order.
If the amendment of the Senate is voted down
does it not leave the bill simply with paper
included in it?
The SPEAKER. The House simply dis-
agrees to the Senate amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTTI. If it is voted down
it will leave the circulation which the gentle-
man from Maine wants taxed untaxed, will it
not? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. It would.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 68, nays 50, not vot-
ing 40; as follows :
yeas—Messrs. Ames, Delos E. Ashley, James M.
Ashley, Baker, Bank:;. Benjamin, Benton, Broomall,
Buckland, Churchill, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell,
Covode, Giillom, Donnelly, Ecklcy, Egglcston, lila.
Karnsworth, Ferrihs, Ferry, Gravely, Halsey, Ham-
ilton, Hayes, Hooper, Hopkins, Cheater D. Hubbard,
