288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
Hufiter, Judd, Julian, Eelley, Kitchen, Koontfc, Wil-
liam Lawrence. Loan, Logan, Loughridae, Marshall,
McCarthy, McClurg, Merouv, Moore, Morrell, Mun-
Kctt, Myers, O'Neill, Plants, Polsley, Uoss, Sawyer,
Scofield, Shanks, Sitgreaves, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stewart, Taffe. Taylor, Thomas, Twitehell, Van
Aernam, Van Wyek, Henry D. Washburn, W ellter,
John T. Wilson, and Windom—68.
NAYS—Messrs. ^Allison, Anderson. Archer, Bald-
win, Beaman, Blair, Boutwell, Brooks, Cake, Chan-
ler, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Eldridge,
Fields, Finney, J?ox, Garfield, Getz, Glossbrenner,
Haight, Holman, Hulburd, Humphrey, Kerr, Keteh-
am, Mallory, Marvin, Miller, Morrissey, Nev/comb,
Niblaek, Nicholson, Noell. Orth, Paine, Perham,
Peters, Poland, Bruyn, Randall, Robertson, Sehenek,
Smith. Spalding, Taber, Trowbridge, Van Auken,
Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump,
Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn. William Williams,
Stephen F. Wilson, Wood, and Woodbridge—56.
NOT VOTING-—Messrs. Barnes, Bingham. Blaine,
Boyer. Bromwell. Burr, Butler, Dawes, Denison,
Dodge, Driggs, Eliot, Griswold, Harding, Hill, Asa-
hcl W. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Itelsey, Latlin, Goorgo
V. Lawrenee, Lincoln, Lynch, McCullough, Moor-
head, Morgan, Phelps, Pike, Pile, Pomeroy, Price,
Raum, Robinson, Selye, Shellabarger, Aaron F.
Stevens, Stone, Upson, William B. Washburn,
Thomas Williams, a.nd James P. Wilson—40.
So the amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was agreed to.
Mr. JUDD moved to reconsider thevote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, the papers in
the case of Mrs. Mary Ripley were withdrawn
from the files of the House.
COMMITTEE ON PRINTING.
The SPEAKER. As the Iiouso will bo in
session probably but a few days, and it is neces-
sary to have some resolutions submitted to the
Committee on Printing in regard to the print-
ing of some extra copies of books and docu-
ments, the Chair will now appoint the following
gentlemen as members of the joint Committee
on Printing: AiiDisofr II. Laflin of New
York, Jacob H. Ei.a of New Hampshire, and
Henry L. Cake of Pennsylvania.
MAIL CONTRACT IN OREGON.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 29, to terminate
a contract of a member of Congress with the
Post Office Department of the United States
of America; which was read a first and second
time.
The joint resolution was read at length. The
preamble recites that by an act of Congress,
approved April 21, 1808, it is provided that no
member of Congress shall, directly or indirectly,
himself or by any other person in trust for him,
or for his use or benefit, or on his account,
execute, hold, or enjoy, in whole or in part, any
contract or agreement thereafter to bo made or
entered into with any officer of the United
States, or to any benefit and rights therefrom,
&c.; and that the present contractor for route
No. 14782, from Lincoln, California, to Port-
land, Oregon, has recently been elected a
United States Senator.
The joint resolution provides that tfte Post-
master General shall bo authorized to cancel
the contract between the United States and
the present contractor for the transportation
of the mail on route No. 14782, between Lin-
coln, California, and Portland, Oregon, annul-
ling the same in the usual way, to take effect
on the 30th day of September, 18G7; it also
makes it the duty of the Postmaster General,
after the passage of this joint resolution, to
advertise for bids for the performance of the
service for the residue of the contract term, for
at least sixty days in at least one newspaper
published at the seat of government of the
State of California, and one newspaper pub-
lished in Portland, Oregon, and to contract
with the lowest responsible bidder.
Mr. FERRY. I move to amend the joint
resolution by adding the following:
Provided, That thePostmastor General, in nnonrd-
ancowith the usage of the Department, shall have
power to reject any bid -which he may deem exor-
bitant.
1 desire briefly to call the .attention of the
House to the effect of this joint resolution of
the Senate. It provides for the cancellation
of a contract made with a person who, since
the execution of the contract, has been elected
to the Senate of the United States. As will
be observed by the House, this joint resolution
is mandatory in its character; the usual dis-
cretion accorded to the Postmaster General
has been omitted, and he is compelled to
accept the offer of the lower bidder.
This matter of service upon this mail route
came incidentally before the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roaids of the Thirty-Ninth
Congress, upon an application for ocean mail
service between San Francisco, California, and
Portland, Oregon. By a j oint resolution passed
in February last, a contract was let to parties
to the amount of $25,000. Now, I am advised
by the Post Office Department that this con-
tract can be let now at a less sum than is now
embodied in the contract with the Senator-
elect. There" are no objections on the part of
the Department to the cancellation of that con-
tract. But if this resolution is adopted in its
present form, there is nothing to prevent par-
ties forming a ring, making such bids as they
may agree upon between themselves, and the
Department will be compelled to award the
contract to the lowest bidder, no matter how
much the Government may be defrauded
thereby. Now, instead of limiting the Post-
master General to a specified sum, which
would be practically fixing the amount of the
new contract, I have offered this amendment,
granting the usual discretion to the Postmaster
General. I trust the House will adopt the
amendment. I call the previous question on
the joint resolution and pending amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was then
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FERRY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GRADING CAPITOL GROUNDS.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 64, to provide in part for
grading the public grounds, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
that the bill be referred to the Committee on
Appropriations when the same shall have
been appointed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANLER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was ordered to be re-
fen-ed; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELI), (at two o'clock and fifty-
five minutes p. m.) I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
LAWS OF NEW MEXICO.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 25) to make
valid the laws of New Mexico passed at the
session of the Legislature held at Sante Fc
from the 3d day of December, 1866, to the 31st
day of January, 1867; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I hope that this
resolution will be put on its passage now.
Thejointfesolution, which was read at length,
provides that the laws passed by the Legisla-
tive Assembly of the Territory of New Mexico
at its last session, which began on the 3d day
of December, 1866, and ended on the 31st day
of January, 1867, and signed by W. F. M.
Arny, secretary and acting Governor of said
Territory of New Mexico, shall have the same
force and effect as though the same had been
approved and signed by the Governor duly
appointed, subject to the future revision and
approval of Congress.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARMS, ETC., FOR TENNESSEE.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 19) directing
the Secretary of War to furnish certain arms
and equipments to the State of Tennessee;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, during the last
session of Congress I frequently had inter-
views on the subject embraced in this resolu-
tion with the gentlemen representing in the
Thirty-Ninth Congress-the State of Tennessee,
and at the request of one of the Senators from
that State, who is a member of the Fortieth
Congress, I have concluded to urge upon the
House the passage of this joint resolution at
the present time.
The necessities of the State of Tennessee
demand the passage of this joint resolution at
our hands. The provisions of the new recon-
struction act do not extend to that State ; but
the loyal people of the State are obliged to
defend themselves as best they can against
the rebels who now reside among them. They
are compelled to do this at a great dis-
advantage, because, as is well known, the
Union soldiers who left the Federal Army
were not permitted to take with them their
arms unless they purchased them, while the
rebel soldiers from that State, when they left
the rebel army and returned to Tennessee,
carried back with them their arms. And the
black troops, when they have purchased their
arms from the Government, have been for the
most part robbed of them by the rebels of
Tennessee. Now, sir, unless some measure
of this kind be passed the loyal men of that
State will have no means in their hands of
making good the provisions of their recent
legislation.
The adoption of this measure can involve no
loss to our Government, because, as will be
seen by a reference to the report of the Secre-
tary of War, the Government has on hand at
this time a million and a half of improved
arms, to say nothing of the large number of
arms which are not of the improved pattern.
I venture to say that we have on hand to-day
two million five hundred thousand small-arms,
which, if we ever engage in another war, we
shall spurn as we spurned the old thirty-nine
caliber smooth-bore when the last war com-
menced. We shall resort to breech-loaders
as the other great nations of the world are
doing, and these arms will be useless to the
Government. Unless they be used in this or
some other similar way now, they will never
be used at all. The Government can lose noth-
ing by bestowing these arms upon the State of
Tennessee.
But, sir, the number of arms called for in
the resolution is entirely inadequate. The gen-
tlemen who have represented that State have
called for, and justly called for, ten thousand.
The Senator from that State desires that this
number should be granted. It is proper that
this number should be embraced in the reso-
lution.
It should have been embraced in the joint
resolution, and I desire to amend by striking
out "twenty-five hundred" and inserting " ten
thousand" in lieu of it. I now demand the
previous question.
The joint resolution, which was read, directs
the Secretary of War to furnish arms and
equipments to the State of Tennessee sufficient
for twenty-five hundred militia, to be accounted
for by the said State to the Government of the
United States.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the ge-ntleman to
yield to me for a moment.
Mr. PAINE. I withdraw the previous ques-
tion for that purpose.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire simply to say, in
