290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
from the office of collector of the port of New York,
and that the Clerk of the House cause a certified
copy of this resolution to be laid before the President
of the United States,
The first question was upon the amendment
of Mr. Hulbubd, to insert the words "the
Senate and" before the words "the President
of the United States."
The question was taken; and upon a division,
there were—ayes 3<S, noes 32; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Williams,
of Indiana, and Mr. Noell were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes seventy, noes
not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The substitute proposed by Mr. Stevens,
of Pennsylvania, was to strike out all after the
word "resolved" and insert in lieu thereof
the following:
That the testimony taken hy the Committco on
Public Expenditures, relating to the conduct of Henry
A. Smythe, collector of tho port of New York, be
referred to thesaid committee with the view of ascer-
taining whether or not said Smythe has been guilty
of high crimes and misdemeanors sufficient to j astify
his impeachment: and if said committee find from
that and other evidence thathc has been thus guilty,
then to proceed to prepare articles of impeachment
and to report the same to this House, and that they
havo leave to send for persons and papers.
The question was upon the motion of Mr.
Woodbridge, to amend tho substitute by adding
the words ''aud to sit during the recess of
Congress."
Mr. ROSS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding the words "at their own ex-
pense." [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. That amendment is not
now in order, as the House is acting under the
operation of the previous question.
Mr. COVODE. I ask unanimous consent
to offer an amendment, that the committee be
directed to report immediately.
Mr. CHANLER. I object.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. I suppose the committee
are now^authorized to report at any time, and
to sit during the recess of Congress, under a
former resolution adopted by this House.
Mr. PETERS. I thiuk the resolution which
the House adopted the other day on motion
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
is the same in effect as tho substitute now
proposed by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens.] I ask that the resolution be
now read.
The SPEAKER. It will require unani-
mous consent to have that resolution read at
this time.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ob-
ject ; let us act upon this matter at once.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment ot Mr. Woodbridge, and upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes 50, noes 30;
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question was then taken upon the sub-
stitute of Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania, as
amended ; and upon a division there were—
ayes 70, noes 28.
So the substitute was agreed to."
The resolution,' as amended, was then
agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was adopted ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WARD. I move that tho House now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at three o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada: The petition of J.
J?. Bennett, A. II. Haekney^J. de J. Baca, and other
citizens of the county of Bona Ana, Territory of New
Mexico, asking for the establishment of an assay
office at the town of La Mesilla.
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of the mechanics
and laborers in the Washington navy-yard, praying
an increase of compensation and an amendment of
tho law regulating the same. . , , . .. .
By Mr. KOONTZ: The memorial of 600 inhabitants
of the town of Chambcrsburg, in Franklin county,
Pennsylvania, praying for an appropriation to reim-
burse them for damages done by the rebel ueneral
MoCausland, in burning five hundred and mra build-
ings in said town of Chambersburg on the 30th day
^ByJytr. VAN HORN, of Missouri: The petition of
Josephine K. Bugher, of Jackson county, Missouri,
praying for a pension. , .
By Mr. WINDOM: Joint resolutions of the Legis-
lature of the State of Minnesota, relativo to tho
Northern Pacific railroad, and requesting a grant
of land to construct a branch from the falls of St.
Anthony to a point of junction on the Red Elver of
the North.
Also, a memorial for a grant of land to aid in the
construction of the Owatonna and State Line rail-
way, through Geneva and Albert Lea to the south-
ern boundary'of Minnesota.
Also, a memorial for the establishment of a mail
route between New Auburn, in Sibley county, via
Transit and Eagle City and La Fayette, in Nicolett
county, to New Ulm, in Brown county.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, March 23, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. Isaac Wescott, D. D., of
New York.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask that the Journal be
corrected where it states that it was upon the
motion of Mr. Corbett that the Senate con-
curred in the amendment of the House to the
joint resolution to terminate a contract of a
member of Congress with the Post Office De-
partment. It was not on the motion of the
Senator from Oregon, but on the motion of a
Senator on that side of the Chamber. I move
that that correction be made.
Tho PRESIDENT The Jour-
nal will be so corrected.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. HOWE presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, in favor of connect-
ing the Mississippi river and Lake Michigan by
navigable channels through the Wisconsin,
Fox, and Rock rivers ; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HARLAN presented the memorial of
the president of the First National Bank and
the president of the City National Bank of
the city of New Orleans, praying for an amend-
ment of the national banking law, so as to
provide that private bankers, as well as bank-
ing associations established under national
authority, may be subjected to the payment of
the tax of ton per cent, upon the amount of
notes used in circulation ; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. COL& presented the memorial of Charles
Louis Fleischmann, on the subject of the cul-
ture of forest trees on the plains; which was
referred to the Committee on Agriculture.
papers avitiidravn and referred.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That Laura Houghton havo leavo to with-
draw her petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That the potition of loyal citizens of Lou-
doun county, V irginia, on tho files of the Senate, pray-
ing for compensation for property destroyed by fire,
and for live stock taken for the use of the United
States Army, or sold for the benefit of tho United
States by order of General Sheridan, bo referred to
the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That the papers on the files of the Senate
relating to tho claim of Joshua Ilallfor compensation
for eleven bales of cotton taken by military author-
ity for tho use of sickand wounded soldiers in General
Steele's expedition at Camden, Arkansas, bo referred
to tho Committee on Claims.
report 01? a committee.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom the subject was referred,
reported a joint resolution (S. R. No. 46) in
relation to an harbor at or near Point.Sal, on
the coast of California; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
personal explanation.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, during the
poriod often years that I have occupied a seat
upon this floor I believe I have never had oo-
casion to correct a report of anything which I
have said here ; at any rate, if I have had I
have not done so; but I find in-the report
of the debate yesterday, as published in the
Chronicle and Intelligencer, and I suppose in
the papers throughout the country, by the
Associated Press, that I am made to do very
great injustice to the Chief Justice of the Uni-
ted States. I am reported thus :
"Mr. Dixon said the appointing power vested in
the Chief Justice was a great evil. It was already
being used for political purposes. Applicants were
certifying not only to their, fitness, but to their pol-
itics."
Now, sir, I said no such thing. What I
said is correctly reported in the Globe, as
follows:
"But, sir, my principal objection is of another
character. I think the Chief Justice is not the
proper man to make these, selections; not that i
have not perfect confidence in him; no man on this
floor has greater confidence in tho Ohiei Justice
of tho United States than I have; I consider him as
pure and spotless as he is able ; but I say this is not
the proper business of any. Chief Justice. 1 do not
wish to vest in the Chief Justice of the United States
political power of this kind."
Now, sir, I merely wish to say that I do think
the reporters in the gallery ought to be careful
in giving the substance of what is said. I
have no doubt they intend to be. They some-
times inadvertently' do injustice. They have
in this instance, in my judgment, done me more
harm than they have done the Chief Justice.
Such a charge as that, that this appointing
power was already being used for political pur-
poses, would be a charge upon the Chief Jus-
tice which, in my opinion, would injure him
who made it far more than the Chief Justice
himself. I hope the reporters will correct their
report, and give what I did actually say, as
stated in the Globe.
education in the district.
Mr. HARLAN. The, Committee 011 the
District of Columbia, to -whom was referred a
resolution in relation to education in the Dis-
trict, have instructed me to report a joint reso-
lution on the subject, and to ask for its imme-
diate consideration.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 43) in relation to the educational
interests of the District of Columbia was read
twice by its title, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It directs the Commis-
sioner of Education to ascertain the number
of children resident in the District of Colum-
bia over the age of six years and under the
age of eighteen years, tho number of said
children that are blind, and the number that
are deaf and dumb ; the number and character
of public school-houses, number of teachers
and number of pupils in attendance, number
and character of school libraries, character of
text-books used, average period per annum -
each pupil is taught and cost of tuition, with
incidental expenses of the schools, and to re-
port to Congress at its next regular session,
together with his opinion of the relative effi-
ciency of the system now in force in the Dis-
trict, and whether any additional legislation is
necessary in order to secure the advantages of
the system to the children.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
sale of ships to belligerents.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now desire to call up
the bill (S. No. 94) declaratory of the law with
regard to the sale of ships to friendly belliger-
ents.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope we shall go on with
the morning business.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let me take this uj>,
and then I will give way for the morning busi-
ness.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is it proposed to take that
bill up for consideration now?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Michigan moves to postpone all prior
orders and proceed to its consideration.
