1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. JOHNSON, I will only state, that the
senate may know what will be the effect' of
■taking it up for action now, that it will lead to
<juite an elaborate debate in all probability. It
-is a very important measure. The same meas-
ure was before the Committee on Foreign de-
lations, and is now before them. Whether it
will be acted upon or not at this session I sup-'
pose is doubtful; perhaps it is certain it will
not be; but at the close of the session to pass
a law of this description, which may have a
veryr injurious effect upon our relations with
otuer nations, and^ especially may complicate
the negotiations going on with England in rela-
tion to her liability for damages sustained by
the commerce of the United States in conse-
quence of the fitting out of privateers in her
ports, and may injure, I think, from the little
reflection I have been able to give the subject,
our chances of being indemnified, it seems to !
me would be very injudicious. I can imagine
.that ship-builders in the United States would
be anxious to fit out vessels such as they would
be authorized to do under this bill; but to do
so, while it might give them some three or four
or five millions the present year, might lose to
other citizens of the United States some ten
or fifteen or twenty millions, and might also
involve us in trouble with foreign nations. I
only mention these facts that the Senate may
knoxv what the character of the bill is, and that
it is certain to lead to debate which will con-
sume the day, I suppose, and more than the
day.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not think it will
consume the day, or any considerable portion
of the day. It is a simple commercial bill.
The Committee on Commerce referred it on
the 9th of February to the honorable Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Morrill,] who has given
it a thorough investigation. He has informed
me that in his judgment it will not complicate
our relations with foreign Powers, or interfere
with the Alabama or any other claims. The
petition upon which it is based is signed, not
by ship-holders, but by the heaviest commer-
cial houses in the United States
Mr. CONNESS. Is it just reported this
morning?
Mr. CHANDLER. No; the day before
yesterday.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I object to the dis-
cussion of this matter now. Let us go on with
the morning business.
Mr. CHANDLER. I want to take it up.
Mr. CONNESS. I object.
Mr. CHANDLER. Your objection cannot
prevent it. It is in the hands of the Senate to
take it up or not. The Senate can, if they see
fit, take it up or they can vote it down. I think
the bill ought to pass. It simply declares that
in the future the United States, or any citizen
of the United States, may sell any vessel to
any friendly belligerent; but this proviso is
put in:
Provided, That the transaction is simply commer-
cial, with no intent on the part of the selleror char-
terer to participate in any belligerent act, and that
the vessel or steamerwhiletftZrcmsifit is in no respect
exempted from the law of contraband.
It is a simple commercial measure which, in
my judgment, will not complicate our relations
with any other Power, and which ought to be
passed. Of course it is in the hands of the
Senate. I hope the Senate will take it up and
proceed with its consideration.
Mr. CONNESS. It is very evident that
this bill open's up questions of the greatest
magnitude; and if it is to be taken up at all it
ought not certainly to be taken up in the morn-
ing hour. I hope that the Senate will not
take it up at this time.
Mr. SUMNER. On the question of taking
up this bill I deem it my duty to repeat a state-
ment which I made the other day when the
bill was reported. This whole subject was
referred by the Senate to the Committee on
Foreign Relations. That committee proceeded
at once with its consideration, and came to
the conclusion that under the circumstances it
was not expedient to legislate thereupon at
this session. The bill referred to them was
left , on their table. I was not authorized to
report it back to the Senate, for there was no
conclusion reached as to what it might be
expedient for us to do when we should come
together again. I make this statement now
with reference to the course of the Committee
on Foreign Relations without any intention to
prejudge the merits of the bill; but the Sen-
ator from California is right when he says it
opens a great question. It opens one of the
greatest questions that we have had occasion
to discuss latterly. Clearly we ought not to
proceed with it in the morning hour. If it is
to come up, it should come up on notice before
hand, that we may be prepared to consider it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Igavethatnotieeyester-
day.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This measure
comes from the Committee on Commerce,
where some little consideration was given to
the subject; and in the view in which that
committee would be expected to deal with
such a question they were unable to see any
objection to the measure. As a commercial
transaction it is difficult to conceive that it
would not be perfectly allowable for one of
our own citizens to sell a vessel of American
construction to a citizen of a foreign country.
That is the proposition. Now, I say, in a com-
mercial point of view, or even in the interests
of the merchant marine of the country, or the
ship-building interests of the country, itisvery
plain, it seems to mc, that there is no objec-
tion to the terms of this bill.
I am sure, Mr. President, that such a bill
would not violate any of the ordinary rights
of a public character or ordinary principles
of public law. I think nothing is more com-
mon in the intercourse of nations than the
transactions contemplated by this bill. Never-
theless I can understand that the Committee
on Foreign ltelations may have different views
on this subject, and that having charge of re-
lations entirely foreign they may feel that there
are interests which might be embarrassed, not
perhaps by the terms of this bill, not perhaps
by any legitimate deductions that might he
deduced from this bill, but from a misappre-
hension of its character ; and if I understand
anything from the remarks of the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations, it is an
apprehension that something might grow out
of a misconstruction or misapprehension of
this bill which would endanger our foreign
relations in the present posture of affairs ; and
by that language I suppose he means to refer
to the delicacy of our foreign relations.
Now, sir, the Committee on Commerce know
nothing about that, except in' a general way.
The Committee on Commerce, looking at this
bill as a measure suitable in itself, could not
be expected, perhaps, .to be as sensitive upon
the class of questions to which the honorable
Senator refers, as the Committee on Foreign
Relations, who are charged particularly with
questions of that sort, and who, he will allow
me to say, are I think a little sensitive about
questions of that kind. We could have no ap-
prehension that a measure so plain, and so
manifestly just as this appears to be in a com-
mercial point of view, could endanger Ameri-
can interests anywhere, or that a proposition
so plain as this would be liable to be so mis-
construed and misunderstood as to affect the
foreign relations of the country. I do not un-
derstand the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations to raise any other objection
to this bill. In fact, I do not understand him
to hint that the bill is not in itself proper aud
suitable enough under ordinary circumstances;
but, owing to the peculiar condition of our for-
eign relations, he suggests that it might as well
be postponed.
Mr. SUMNER. I stated that such was the
conclusion of the committee. The committee
came to the conclusion on consideration that
the bill ought not to be proceeded with now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. And that on
account of the delicacy of our foreign relations.
Mr. SUMNER. They did not undertake to
pass definitively on the bill; but tliey came to
the conclusion that it should not be proceeded
with now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. And very prop-
erly I think, the committee did not undertake
to adjudicate on the character of the bill; for
it is difficult for me to understand on the gen-
eral principle of that bill what the Committee
on Foreign Relations could have to do with it.
It is entirely of a commercial character; but I
can understand in the great solicitude 
* Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask my
colleague whether it is not a question that may
affect our neutrality laws?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is precisely
the ground which I was suggesting.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; being so,
I_ think it is very manifestly proper for the con-
sideration of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There may be
force in the suggestion of my colleague; and I
was not arguing that in the view in which I
understood the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions to consider it, it did not properly belong
to it.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon.
The committee felt that the bill naturally be-
longed to them. Primarily, and in its most
important aspect, it unquestionably is, as the
Senator from Maine suggests, a question con-
cerning our foreign relations. It undertakes
to lay down a new rule of neutrality, or rather
to lay down a rule of neutrality which it asso-
ciates with our past history and with the de-
cisions of our courts. It is manifestly a ques-
tion for the Committee on Foreign Relations.
If it concerns commerce, it is only in its sec-
ondary aspect.
Mr. MOliRILL, of Maine. May I ask the
honorable Senator whether he understands that
it violates any treaty regulations or any rule of
neutrality between this country and foreign
countries?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator asks me a
question that if I answer would carry me into
a discussion of the bill, which at this moment
I wish to avoid. If the bill should be taken
up for discussion I may be disposed to enter
into it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. So it all comes
precisely to what I said: that the opposi-
tion from the Committee on Foreign ltelations
is based on the idea that in the peculiar" state
of the country we ought not to enter upon the
consideration of the question at all. Well, I
am not urging it; I am only saying the Com-
mittee on Commerce took cognizance of it
without any such apprehension. If there is
any well-grounded apprehension, then I agree
with the Senator that we ought not to proceed
with it. I am only saying so much in the way
of justifying the Committee on Commerce for
their action on this bill from their stand-point.
Mr. JOHNSON. The object of this bill
must be—certainly that is the effect of it—to
repeal the neutrality laws, particularly the last
one passed in 1818, which, as I think, has
contributed very much to the prosperity of the
country. If by that law or any of the antece-
dent laws what is proposed to be done by this
bill is not prohibited, it can be done without
legislation. If it is prohibited by the existing
legislation, then the question for the Senate is
whether, in the present condition of the coun-
try in reference to its claims upon other na-
tions and the tendency of such measures as
this bill proposes to allow, would complicate
us and involve us in foreign difficulties, it is
advisable to alter our neutrality laws.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tho ques-
tion is on taking up the bill for consideration.
Mr. CHANDLER. On that question I will
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations
whether, if the bill is taken up, he shall feel it
his duty to oppose it. What I want to know
is, whether it is going to lead to discussion 1
Mr. SUMNER. The bill must lead to dis-
