THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
eussion. I know of Senators who are disposed
to discuss it at length. I have already stated
that the committee with which I am con-
nected, on carefully considering it, concluded
that it was better not to take it up during this
session. I did not go into any statement fur-
ther of my own views on the subject.
Mr. CHANDLER. I find that some gentle-
men who are in favor of taking up this bill are
opposed to taking it up during the morning
hour._ I do not wish of course to interrupt the
morning business, and I will withdraw the cail
for the yeas and nays. But I give notice that
I shall at the expiration of the morning hour
again move to take it up. I think it a very im-
portant measure, and a measure which ought
to be passed at the very earliest moment, It is
a measure which interests the entire commer-
cial interests of the United States. I withdraw
the call for the yeas and nays, and give notice
that I shall call it up after the morning hour.
The PRESIDEN J? pro tempore. Does the
Senator withdraw his motion?
Mr. CHANDLER. I withdraw the call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I simply wish to make an
inquiry. I find that the bill is entitled '' A bill
declaratory of the law with regard to the sale
of ships to friendly belligerents." If two for-
eign nations are at war and the United States
authorizes its citizens to sell ships prepared for
warto one of the belligerent Powers, would not
that be regarded as an act of hostility on the
part of the United States? I know when the
British Government allowed the rebels to pre-
pare vessels in England to assist in their cause
we regarded that as an act of hostility.
Mr. CHANDLER. That was simply because
it was in violation of her own neutrality laws,
and it is claimed that it is now a violation of
our neutrality laws, the laws that we ourselves
have passed. If you permit both belligerents
to purchase, of course it is not an act of hos-
tility. This is simply a declaratory act. Our
just claim against Great Britain was that she
violated her own law. Their claim against us
is that we violated our own law. Under this
declaratory law our citizens violate no law,
neither do they commit an act of hostility by
selling ships to either or both the friendly bel-
ligerents.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no doubt the hon-
orable member has studied the question very
thoroughly and has read the correspondence
between our minister and the State Depart-
ment and British Government on this subject;
but according to my recollection—I may be
wrong—the ground upon which Earl Russell
placed the irresponsibility of the Government
of England for the damages done by the Ala-
bama and the other privateers is one which we
shall hardly be prepared to controvert if we"
authorize the doing of what it is proposed to
authorize by this measure. I know that the
bill upon its face, at least I suppose that that
is its object, is intended only to give to the
citizens of the United States the right to sell
vessels to a belligerent; but I suppose no one
is simple enough to imagine that any ship-
builder in the United States will undertake to
build a ship that pretended to be a ship-of-war
without having some understanding with a
foreign belligerent; that she will thereafter
leave the port of the United States the prop-
erty of that belligerent, and if she does it will
be precisely and exactly the case of what we
said England permitted her ship-builders to
do, and of which we complained.
But however that may be, Mr. President, I
state to the Senate that the question, in my
judgment—and in that I believe I have the
concurrence of the judgment of the entire Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations—is a very import-
ant one, and one which we now have no time to
examine. We are about to adjourn, as I trust,
in a day or two. To pass a bill of this descrip-
tion, so recently before the session is to close,
and to have it passed by the House, a bill which
may involve the nation possibly in war, and at
least certainly complicate the negotiations that
are now going on between the United States
and England in reference to the depredations
made upon the commerce of the United States
By vessels fitted out under circumstances which
will, under this bill, authorize the fitting out of
vessels of the United States to be used for the
same purpose, seems to me to be inexpedient.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is now on taking up the bill.
The motion was not agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. McPheesojt,
its Clerk:
Mr. President, the House of Representa-
tives has passed a resolution in these words,
which I am directed to bring to the Senate for
its information ;
Resolved, That tho House having been informed
by one of its committees that testimony has been
brought to the knowledge of said committee, which
testimony apparently affects one or more members
of the Senate, the House thereupon directs that
copies of all such testimony be transmitted to the
Senate for its information.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
107) to render applicable to drafted men, to
seamen in the United States Navy, and to
mariners the provisions relating to bounties in
the act making appropriations for the civil
expenses for the year ending June 30, 1867,
approved July 28, 1866 ; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Military Aifairs and the Militia.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. Ill)
to regulate the elective franchise in the United
States; which was read twice by its title,
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. VAN WINKLE asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 108) for the relief of Henry Great-
house and Samuel Kelley; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No; 109) for the relief of Jeremiah McChesney;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Pensions, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
110) to promote forest-tree culture on the
plains; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Agriculture, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 45) for the relief of Benjamin P.
Small, postmaster at Carson City, State of Ne-
vada ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 47) in relation to the
removal of Indian tribes; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 44) directing an exami-
nation and estimate to be made of the cost of
reconstructing the levees of the Mississippi
river; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. RAMSEY. If there is no objection, I
should like to have the resolution considered
at the present time. I presume there will be
no objection to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to hear it
read at. length.
The Secretary read the resolution. Itdirects
the Secretary of War to detail a competent
officer or officers of the engineer department
to make an examination of the condition of
the levees of the Mississippi river and report
a plan for their reconstruction and improve-
ment from the mouth of the Ohio river to the
Gulf of Mexico, with an estimate of the cost
of the same.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to its consider-
ation.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no necessity for
the passage of that resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it lies over under the rules.
Mr. RAMSEY. As objection is made, it
'had better be referred to the appropriate com-
mittee. I move that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
MINT LAWS.
Mr. CONNESS. T offer the following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration:
Jtesolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to oommunieato to the Senate any infor-
mation he may have relative to a proposed change
in tho mint laws of the United States upon the sub-
ject of the refining of gold and silver, and publio
policies incident thereto.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. NYE. I should like to have the mover
of that resolution state in a word what is its
object.
Mr. CONNESS. The object is to get in-
formation from the Department. It is a reso-
lution calling for information.
Mr. NYE. About a change of the mint
system ?
Mr. CONNESS. Let the resolution be re-
ported again.
The Secretary read the resolution.
The resolution was adopted.
DISTRICT ELECTION EXPENSES.
Mr. WILLEY. As there seems to be no
business before the Senate, I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
resolution No. 2-1. '
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 24)
relative to the payment of expense's incurred
by the judges of election for the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, District of Columbia.
_ By the first section the corporations of the
I cities of Washington and Georgetown, in the
District of Columbia, are required to pay, or
cause to be paid, all necessary expenses, in-
cluding printing, clerk hire, room rent, station-
ery, and a per diem compensation to each of
the judges of election in the respective cities
appointed under the act of Congress entitled
"An act to punish illegal voting in the District
of Columbia, and for other purposes," ap-
proved February 5,1867, of five dollars per day
for every day they shall be actually employed
in the discharge of their duties, and the cer-
tificate of the judges of election of either cit.y,
or a majority thereof, of the correctness of any
account arising out of the action of the judges
shall be deemed sufficient to constitute the
same a legal debt against the city to which the
judges so certifying shall belong. It is to be
lawful for any of the judges of election to
administer oaths in all cases relating to the
duties assigned them by law, and any person
willfully making a false statement under oath
before any of them is to be deemed guilty of
perjury, and on conviction thereof to be sub-
ject to imprisonment for the term of not less
than two nor more than five years.
The second section directs the judges of tho
supreme court of the District of Columbia to
appoiut thrqje commissioners of election in
each voting precinct in the cities of Washing-
ton and Georgetown, who shall hold their
offices for two years and until their successors
are appointed and qualified, whose duty it
shall be to take charge of the ballot-boxes at
the polls at each election, to receive and de-
posit in the boxes the ballots of legalized voters
in their respective precincts, to count the votes
after the polls are closed, and declare the
result, atul make returns thereof as now pro-
vided by law. The commissioners of election
are to receive the votes of all persons whose
names are on the list of voters in the precinct,
prepared by the judges of election, and none
others; they are to have power to administer
oathsj and to examine persons offering to vote,
