1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
293
and other,witnesses as to the identity of voters,
and any person swearing falsely relative to the
same is to be deemed guilty of perjury, and on
conviction thereof to be subject.to imprison-
ment for the term of not less than two nor
more than five years; and to receive from their
respective cities the same compensation for
. their services as is now paid to the commis-
sioners of election in those cities.
TJje Committee on the District of Colum-
bia propose to amend the-resolution by striking
out in line twenty-three of section one the
word "two" and inserting "one," so as to
road, " imprisonment for the term of not less
than one nor more than five years."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
second section of the joint resolution.
Mr. WILLEY. On reflection, and after
conference with some members of the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, it is thought
best not to strike out this section, but to modify
it and amend it before the question is taken on
striking it out. I move to amend the section
by striking out in lines twenty, twenty-one,
and twenty-two the words "and shall receive
from their respective cities the same compen-
sation as is now paid to the commissioners of
election in said cities."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. I further move to amend
the section by striking out the word " two," in
line nineteen, and inserting "one."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. Now, I hope the motion to
strike out the section will not be agreed to.
The motion to strike out did not prevail.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, as amended, and the amendments
were concurred in.
Mr. NYE. I have just picked up this res-
olution, and I desire to know whether any pro-
vision is made in it for the appointment of
judges or commissioners of election?
Mr. WILLEY. A law passed at the last
session provides for the appointment of the
judges of election.
Mr. NYE. By whom?
Mr. WILLEY. By the chief justice of the
supreme court of the District of Columbia,
according to my recollection ; but the Senator
from Maine is more familiar with that subject.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator is
correct. They are appointed by the chief jus-
tice of the supreme court of the District of
Columbia.
Mr. NYE. I see here a provision for the
appointment of registers, and not of judges of
elections. It seems to me both should be pro-
vided for.
Mr. WILLEY. There is no provision m
this joint resolution for the appointment of
registers. That is provided for by another law.
Mr. NYE. Very well.
Mr. WILLEY. I think there oughtto be an
amendment in the sixteenth line of the second
section, by inserting after the word "voters"
the words "and shall receive from their respect-
ive cities the same compensation for their ser-
vices as is now paid to the commissioners of
election in said cities."
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
SENATE CONTINGENT EXPENSES.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to take
up for consideration Senate bill No. 83. It is
a small matter of" appropriation which it is
npeessarv to take up at the present time.
The motion ivas agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No 83) making appropriations to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for contmgent
expenses of the Senate of the United States
for the fiscal year ending June 30' ^
considered as in Committee of the •
proposes to appropriate for clei:k st<o comunt
tees, pa<*es, horses, and carryalls, ?lo,000, tor
miscellaneous "items, $30,000, and for salary
of the clerk to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, from the date of his appointment to the
30th of June, 1868, $2,898.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the bill
by adding as a new section:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, -That section ton
of an act entitled "An act making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30,1868. and for othorpurposes." passed
at the second session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress,
shall not be construed to allow a greater compensa-
tion for the publication of the laws passed by Con-
gress and- executive proclamations and treaties in
the papers in the District of Columbia than is pro-
vided by law for such publication in other papers.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in.
Mr. CRAGIN,from the Committee on Con-
tingent Expenses, offered the following amend-
ment, to come in after line twelve of the first
section:
To pay the expenses incurred under the resolution
of the Senate directing the hydration of the atmos-
phere in the Senate Chamber, the sum of $7,500 is
hereby appropriated, and added to the contingent
fund of tne Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Do I understand
the Senator from New Hampshire to move that
amendment from a committee ?
Mr. CRAGIN. I move the amendment by
direction of the Committee to Audit and Con-
trol the Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
The Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bucka-
lew,] who is on that committee, has had special
charge of this matter, and introduced the reso
lution, which was passed by the Senate, direct-
ing the Sergeant-at-Arms to have the air of the
Senate Chamber hydrated. The Sergeant-at-
Arms has proceeded with the work, and it is
nearly completed, and this amount is neces-
sary to pay the expenses.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed. Its title was amended by adding the
words "and for other purposes."
MONEYS DUB COLORED SOLDIEBS, ETC.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 21) in reference to the
collection and payment of moneys due colored
soldiers, sailors, marines, or their heirs.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the joint resolution.
The Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia, after the previous recommittal of the
joint resolution, reported it with amendments.
The first amendment was to strike out all after
the word "shall" in line twelve of the first
section, and in lieu of the words stricken out
to insert:
Hold the balance subject to the order of the claim-
ants on satisfactory identification; but no money
shall be paid to any person except the claimant, or
his or her legal representatives, if deceased; nor shall
any power of attorney, transfer, or assignment of the
amount of said claims, or any part thereof, bo rec-
ognized or allowed by the Commissioner, or by any
officer or agent acting under him; and it shall be
the duty of the said Commissioner, the officers, and
agents of the Freedmen's Bureau to facilitate as far
as possible the discovery, identification, and pay-
ment of the claimants.
Mr. "WILSON. Since this matter was under
consideration the other day the Committee on
Military Affairs have reported an amendment,
striking out all that part of the resolution that
relates to the Freedmen's Bank, and inserting
a provision referring the whole matter to the
Commissioner of the Freedmen's Bureau, who
is himself responsible and may deposit the
money where he pleases.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out all
of the second section after the resolving clause
and in lieu of it to insert:
That the Commissioner of tho Freedmen's Bureau
.hallbeheld responsible for the safe custody and faith-
ful disbursement of the funds hereby intrusted to him.
In settling with the attorney or agent of the claimant
strict compliance with the scale of fees prescribed by
he seeomV section of. a joint resolution approved
June 26,1866, entitled " Joint resolution amendatory
of a joint resolution respecting bounties to colored
soldiers and the pensions, bounties, and allowances
to their heirs," approved June.15, 1886, will in every
case be reauired and enforced; and if any attorney
or agent shall,-in addition to the notarial fees and
expenses of collecting suoh elaim, demand repay-
ment for money loaned or advanced to any claimant,
he shall be required to make oath to the date and
amount of such loan or advance, or payment of the
foes and expenses shall be withheld; and when the
claimant shall have been properly identified, and
his account is ready for settlement, the balance due
shall be paid in current funds, and not in checks or
drafts.
Mr. JOHNSON. I inquire of the chairman
whether the Commissioner of the bureau is
required to give bond for the faithful applica-
tion of this money ? If not, it is a departure
from all our legislation.
Mr. WILSON. No other Army officer gives
bond, I believe. The simple question is
whether the money shall be paid into the hands
of claim agents, to be by them transferred all
over the country, or whether it shall go into
the hands of the Commissioner of the Ereed-
men's Bureau for transmission to the proper
parties. I have no objection to his giving bond,
but this is imposing upon him a duty for which
ho gets nothing, and it is a great responsibility.
Mr. JOHNSON. No one has more confi-
dence in the present Commissioner than I have,
but it is departing altogether from the practice
of the Government to place a large amount of
money in the hands of any individual, official
or otherwise, without requiring a bond.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to such
a provision; but I think it is enough to ask
him to do this work. We propose to have him
do it for the purpose of securing the safe trans-
mission of the money to those for whom the
Government intends it. Since this matter was
under consideration the other day, a case has
come to my knowledge where $300 was due to
a colored soldier and the claim was pressed by
a claim agent, and he secured the payment of
the money.
The man for whom it was intended, how-
ever, getting no money, began to inquire about
it. The case was investigated, and the agent
had to pay it to him; but he charged him a bill
of sixty dollars. Mr. French states to me that
there are many cases in which the greatest im-
positions are practiced upon these people. This
proposition simply is that when a claim agent
has carried a case through and has got the case
decided, and the check is made out, that check
shall go into the hands of the Commissioner
of the Freedmen's Bureau, who is to see to it
that it reaches the proper person; and further
than that, the claim agent is to have his proper
and legal fees paid to him. He will have noth-
ing to do with the money, but will get paid for
what he has done, and then the Commissioner
of the Freedmen's Bureau, through his agents,
will attend to the proper distribution of the
money and see that it is forwarded to the
proper persons entitled to it. This is a great
responsibility to put upon any man ; but I have
no doubt it will save hundreds of thousands of
dollars to innocent and honest people.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is the effect of the amend-
ment to take the money out of the Treasury
and hand it over to the Commissioner of the
Freedmen's Bureau? .
Mr. WILSON. I will state the effect of it.
A claim agent prosecutes a claim against the
Government, and when it is adjudicated a
check is given to him to be paid over to his
client wherever he may be, and he forwards it
to his client, or should do so, and I suppose in
most cases does it. I have no doubt that gen-
erally the agents are honest, but there are eases
coming to light every day of the contrary. Sup-
pose a citizen of North Carolina enlisted into
the service and is entitled to receive a bounty.
Some agent prosecutes this claim, and the claim
is admitted and the party is entitled to $300.
A cheek for that amount is made out and
handed to the agent, and the agent forwards it
to the soldier in North Carolina. If he gets
it, very well, provided the agentdoes not charge
him more than the law allows. Instead of that
course being pursued, under this joint resolu-
tion the practice will be that the check, instead
of being paid to the claim agent, will be given
into the hands of General Howard, and for-
