1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
295
Mr. POMEROY. I do not understand why
the coast of Florida should be'excepted.
Mr. RAMSEY. Because by the legislation
ot last year we gave the exclusive privilege to
another company to lay a telegraph cable from
the Florida coast to Cuba.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not understand that
that was an exclusive privilege.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was exclusive, but the
act reserved to Coiigress the right to alter,
amend, or repeal it. There was a great con-
troversy over that bill here, because, as first
proposed, it was an exclusive privilege; but as
the bill was passed, the right to alter, amend,
or repeal it was reserved to Congress.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no desire for this
amendment, except in answer to the suggestion
of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. POMEROY. If this has the effect to
repeal that, I am for it.
Mr. CONNESS. It ought to be done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not recollect that
such a clause was inserted in the other bill.
My recollection is that we were not able to
insert a clause reserving the right to alter,
amend, or repeal it. I should like, at any
rate, to see how that bill reads.
Mr. CONNESS. I have before me the act
referred to, being an act to encourage tele-
graphic communication between the United
States and the island of Cuba, approved
May 5, 1866; and the third section of that act
is in these words:
" sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That Congress
shall have power at any time to alter or repeal the
foregoing act."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is there the same pro-
vision in this bill?
Mr. CONNESS. We can insert it if there
is not. There is, however, nothing exclusive
in this bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. We can give the same
privilege that this bill confers to anybody else.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did all I could to pre-
vent the passage of the act of last year, until
finally some one proposed an amendment
reserving the right to alter or repeal it, and
then I felt no further interest in the matter. .
Mr. FESSENDEN. But if we have given
to that company this exclusive privilege for
fourteen years, would it be good faith before
they begin operations to repeal that privilege
or to alter it in any way ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I would allow any com-
pany to lay a cable.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I contended against
that exclusive privilege as long as I could, and
thought we ought not to give the exclusive
privilege, but the Senate did it.
Mr. CONNESS. With a condition.
Mr. I?ESSENDEN. We retained the privi-
lege to repeal it; but having voted to grant the
privilege, I think good faith requires that we
should not alter or repeal that act, or modify
it substantially by giving rights to other per-
sons in the same place, unless we see some-
thing in the conduct of those to whom the priv-
ilege his already been granted which justifies
us in doing it, or something in the public ne-
cessities which we do not yet see. I contended
against that exclusive privilege being granted,
and I was very sorry that I did not succeed,
because I thought it was bad policy. But as
Congress adopted it and agreed to it, I do not
think it would be fair to let another company
interfere with them before they have had an
opportunity to test their experiment.
Mr. CONNESS. The company who desire
the passage of the bill now pending are en-
tirely willing that it shall be amended in the
manner proposed by the Senator who has it in
charge: Consequently, it is not well to enter
into a discussion of the question at this time,
though I entirely sympathize, and did when
the former bill was pending, with those Sena-
tors who objected to granting exclusive privi-
leges, and believed that the reservation made
would enable us to do just what is notv pro-
posed at any time. But yet I think it is wise
at this time, in connection with tins bill, to
accept it in the form that the Senator hom
Minnesota asks it, namely,_ without infringe-
ment upon this exclusive privilege.
The amendment was agreed to. ,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to amend
the bill by adding as a new section:
And be it further enacted. That Congress shall havo
power to alter, amend, or repeal this act.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no objection to that
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
presidential approval OV bills.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Moore, his Secretary, announced
that he had yesterday approved and signed the
following bill and joint resolutions:
A bill (S. No. 22) in relation to a certain
tract of land in Burlington, Iowa;
A joint resolution (§. R. No. 26) providing
for the necessary surveys for a ship-canal be-
tween Lake Erie and Lake Ontario for mili-
tary, naval, and commercial purposes ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 30) amending
the ninth section of an act entitled "An act to
provide for the better security of the lives of
passengers on board of vessels propelled u*
whole or in part by steam, and for other pur-
poses," approved August 30, 1852.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Secre-
tary of the Navy, transmitting, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate of March 12, a
copy of the records of the retiring and revisory
boards and of the proceedings in the matter
of the dismissal of Captain Edward McDonald
Reynolds from the Marine corps; which was
ordered to be printed and He on the table.
iiocse bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 28) to increase the force
in the Patent Office, and for other purposes,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
works of ART.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the amendments of the House of
Representatives to the Senate amendment to
joint resolution (H. R. No. 25) providing for
the importation into the United States of cer-
tain works of art duty free. The House amend-
ments were to strike out the word "experi-
mentation" and to insert "experimental pur-
poses;" and at the end of the Senate amend-
ment to add "provided, that this section shall
anply only to steam plows."
*Mr. MORGAN- I hope the Senate will
concur.
The amendments were concurred in.
allegations against senators. '
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the following resolution of the
House of Representatives:
Resolved, That tho House having been informed by
one of its committees that testimony has been brought
to the knowledge of said committee, which testimony
apparently affects one or more members of the Sen-
ate, the House thereupon directs that copies of all
such testimony be transmitted to the Senate for its
information.
The PRESIDENT-jpro tempore. What dis-
position will the Senate make of this commu-
nication? , ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have looked at the
written testimony which accompanies this res-
olution of the House of Representatives ; and
there is also a printed volume of several hun-
dred pages, perhaps four or five hundred pages
accompanying it, a public document which I
have had no opportunity to examine. I believe
it has only been laid upon the tables within a
day or so. I sent to the House of Representa-
tives and got a copy of it, but I have had no
opportunity to look into it. I have read the
written testimony. ' I do not know what dispo-
sition" the Senate would feel disposed to make
of it, nor.what disposition the Senators who are
supposed to be affected by this testimony might
desire to have made of it.
Of course a communication of this charac-
ter from the House of Representatives is enti-
tled to serious consideration. It makes the
matter a serious matter by being communicated
here. The written testimony is very short; it
consists of the testimony of a single witness.
It can be read in five minutes, I think, or ten
at any rate.
Mr. SUMNER. Perhaps it had better be
Mr. TRUMBULL. Unless the Senators
referred to themselves have some objection to
its being* read I should think it would be well
to have it read, and then if the Senate etioose
they can refer the subject to a special com-
mittee or to some of the standing committees.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. Do you
refer to the testimony of Hull ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I refer to the testimony
of Hull. The other is in print.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I have
no objection to its being read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senators them-
selves have no objection, I think it would be
•well to read it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. So far as I am con-
cerned I-protest altogether against this pre-,
tended secrecy and covering up of testimony
alleged to have been given, and this new dis-
ease of courtesy which seems to have attacked
a certain committee of the House of late,
although they have already published a volume
to the world containing testimony and insinua'-
tions and innuendoes themselves bearing on
the same subject. Mr. President, all this pre-
tense of new-born courtesy in the concealment
of testimony is a miserable pretext, which I
denounce from the beginning. I demand that
the testimony shall be read, and on the very
face of it it will show that it is perjured.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I ask
that the deposition of Hull may be read; and
after it is read 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let it be read, if tha
Senators wish.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the written testimony received from the
House of Representatives be read. If no ob-
jection be made the Chair will consider that
the sense of the Senate. The testimony will
be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
"committee on public expenditures,
" washington, March 19, 1866.
" Testimony of David A. Hull.
"washington, d. c., Tuesday, March, 10.1867.
"D. A. Hull, having duly affirmed, was examined
as follows:
" By the CHAiKiian :
"Question. Where do you reside? ,
"Anmuer. My place of residence now is 393 First
street, Washington city. I have resided in this city
for thirteen or fourteen months. My place of resi-
dence before that was Poughkeepsio, Duchess county.
New York. My age is fifty years. For the last ten
or twelve years I havo been an insurance agent for
a New York company. I am now employed m tho
folding-room of the IXouso of Representatives.
"Question. Did you the week before last hear per-
sons conversing in reference to tho New York cus-
tom-house, the report of the Committee on Public
Expenditures, &c. ? If so, state all the circumstances.
"Awnoer. On Wednesday or Thursday of the week
before last, about one o'clock in the day, I was com-
ing over to the Capitol, on my way bank from lunch.
As I came near the corner of A street, where there
is a public house, two gentlemen crossed over toward
the Capitol just before me; I followed close behind
them, not thinking of anything particular, when X
hoard them mention tho words NewYork.' I could
not distinctly connect their conversation; but tho
moment New York was mentioned I tried to listen-
that being my native State. _ I then heard the words
'custom-house' and 'committee'—the latter two or
three times. I kept behind them the length of tho
walk going south, turned at right angles toward the
Senate wing of tho Capitol, passed up and kept on
the pavement of tho wmg. I was close bohind them,
and i thought i knew one of them as Senator pat-
terson, of Tennessee, although I had never ex-
changed a word with him. As they came in tho
folding doors I was close behind them, so close that
I passed in before the doors closed. As they got into
the lobby the one whom 1 considered as senator
patterson said to the other one", 'I have got my
$5,000, and X do not care (T think he made use of the
word damn) for the committee and all the rest of
them.' 1 passed right in at that moment—it is pretty
