206*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
dark inside—and that is tho last I saw orjicard of
them; I went about uiy business and I think they
went up to the Senate Chamber. That is all I heard
that I recollect.
" By Mr. Bboomall
"Question. Have you seen Senator Patterson?
"Answer. Tes.
"Question. What is your impression now as to
whether he was really the man you heard using
this expression?
"Answer. I hare taken a good deal of pains in
the matter, for I felt interested in it. I have seen
Senator Patterson twice since outside of the Senate
Chamber, and he resembles the man so strongly that
I have been almost ready to conclude that it was ho.
I cannot say certainly that it was.
"Question. Do you know the otherperson who was
with him ?
"Answer. I do not. I thought at the timo ho was
a man whom I had seen in the Senate Chamber, and
whoso name is Senator Doolittle; but J am not
positive about it. I was satisfied at tho time that
' tho other was Senator Patterson; I have seen him
twice since, but I never exchanged a word with him,
and I should not know his voice if I hoard it.
"Question. Can you describe him?
"Answer. I should think he was fivo feet ten or
eleven inches, and stout.
"Question. Was there anything peculiar about him?
"Answer. Nothing at all that I discovered; I only
knew Patterson by sight; had no interest in him,
and had never exchanged a word with him, but I
thought I knew him. Since then I have looked at
the man, and I can almost say that I think it is
the same man. But X am not positive. X tried to
bring my mind to it, but I cannot.
"Question, (by the Chairman.) Do you recollect
what kind of a hat ho wore?
"Answer. I think it was a slouchcd hat, a sort of
drab, sage color. I have seen him since with that
hat on, and I may have thus got things connected
together; I know Senator Patterson now, andli%vo
seen himwith two different hats—a slouched hat, and
a silk high-crowned hat with a medium brim, and
not very sleek at that.
|[By Mr. Noell :
" Question. Have you seen Senator Doolittle
since?
"Anneer. No, sir; not to know him. Incverkncw
him by sight. I thought I knew Patterson' as well
as I know the chairman-of tho committee, but with-
out over speaking to him.
" Question. You are not sure that it was Doolittle ?
' Answer. No. sir.
"By Mr. Bromwell :
"Question. Which was the taller man of tho two ?
"A nnoer. Doolittle I think, or at loast the one
who was with Mr. Patterson.
"Question. How was ho dressed?
''-Axsiyer. In black.
"Question. What kind of a hat did ho wear?
"Answer. I think it was a silk hat.
"Question. (By Mr. Broomall.) If you did not
know Senator Doolittle what made you think it
was he?
"Answer. That is a question which has come to
my mind two or three times. I do not know except
that ho resembled him, and that ho was associated
with Mr. Patterson.
"By tho Chairman:
"Question. Did you see the face of the other person
distinctly?
"Answer. I didt not see his face. I only saw par-
tially tho side of his faco.
"Question. Do you recollect whether, whon tho re-
mark was made by tho person whom you suppose to
have boon Sonator Patterson, 'I have got my $5,000,*
there was any response or anymotion byhis compan-
ion, whoever he was?
"Answer. I do not think thorowas; they were in
tho act of passing through the folding-doors. I was
not more than three feet from them; the door had not
closed; I put my hand up and kept thodoor open.
^Question. Did either of them sco you at the timo ?
Answer. I thought, and still think, that tho man
who I suppose was Patterson saw me; I stood side-
ways to him just as ho entered, and ho saw mo stand-
ing right there when ho made tho declaration. Ho
saw me. I have turnod the thing over in my mind,
and given it more euro and attention than to any sub-
ject that cvor eamo before me. Whon I commenced
walking bohind those gentlemen I supposed, and still
do supposo, that I recognized ono of them as Senator
Patterson. I had no idea of this conversation tak-
ing place. When I heard the words 'custom-housc'
and 'committee' several times, I was satisfied, al-
though I couldnot connect the conversation that they
wore talking about tho Now York custom-house. I
then tried to hoar what I could, but they talked low,
and theirfaccswerefromme. When they got through
the first pair of folding-doors, Patterson (if it were
Patterson) turned and said, 'Well, I have got my
$5,000, and I don't caro a damn for the committee or
all tho rest of them.'
"By Mr. Peters:
"Question. You heard no other remark?
"Answer. No, sir.
|]By Mr. Noell:
"Question. Who was the first person to whom you
disclosed this conversation ?
"Annoer. An cx-Congressman named Tracy from
Pennsylvania, who boards in the same place with
me. He was a member of the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress, I believe.
"Question. Have you ever been an applicant for
any position tn the New York custom-house?
Ansiocr. Yes, sir, but not. since Mr. Smyfche's ap-
pointment as collector. I was an applicant under
Mr. Simeon I'raper and would have been appointed
it he had nov been removed. I was also an appli-
cant under Mr, King, who promised to appoint me
tae day that he was first missing.
Question. And you never applied since then?
"Answer. No, sir.
"Question. Have you been an applicant for any
other office under the Administration ?
• "Answer. For none whatever.
"Question. How came you to communicate what
you neard to Mr. Tracy?
"Answer. He boards m the same house with me.
One evening, in conversation, the subject of the New
York custom-house and of tho report of the commit-
tee came up. I had read the report as published in
the New York Times and I mentioned it to Mr.
Tracy, and asked him if he had read it. He said he
had not. and so I lent him the Times. I think it was
either Wednesday or Thursday evening of last week
that, sitting there together, I told him the conversa-
tion I had hoard. That is the way I camo to men-
tion it. I mentioned it without thinking any harm
or desiring to givo it any publicity.
"Question. Who was the next person to whom you
mentioned it?
"Aniwer. Mr. Driggs, the member of Congress
from Michigan. Ho camo in, sat down, and said:
'Mr. Hull, Mr. Tracy tells me that you heard so and
so.' I asked him who had told him so. He said Mr.
Tracy. I then gave him a statement, but not very
particularly. I merely answered his questions; and
the very next day, I think, he sent mo up to the
House, and I saw the chairman of the committee.
"By Mr. Broomall:,
"Question. And that is tho way tho committee came
acquainted with tho matter?
"Anstoer. I presume so.
"By Mr. Noell:
" Question. Have you ever been advised not to com-
municate to tho committee what you hea,rd; or havo
you been threatened with any consequences if you
testified?
"Answer. Oh, no, sir. I have not talked with any
one on tho subject; and no one has advised mo to do
#is, that, or the other."
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I rise for
the purpose of asking if that is all the testimony
that is called secret?
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. That is all
except the printed matter.
Mr. JOHNSON. And that is all the testi-
mony the House have thought proper to send
to us that Vve may take action as against two
of our own body. I forbear, Mr. President,
to say what I think of such a proceeding as
that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a volume ac-
companying it, a public document.
Mr. JOHNSON. That I understand, but
that was testimony taken some time ago.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. On a
former occasion, Mr. President, I stated to the
Senate and 'to the country that I had never
received a dollar from Mr. Smythe. I now
repeat that declaration, and I will state further
that there never was any pending agreement
between Mr. Smythe and myself that I should
receive a dollar out of what is called the gen-
eral-order business, as has been falsely alleged.
I am an unsophisticated man, and I never
understood until a few. days ago what the gen-
eral-order business was; I had an interview
with Mr. Brooks, a member of the other House,
and he informed me what it was. I never
understood it before.
Now, this so-called testimony of a man
named Hull is introduced. I do not know who
he is. I simply say it is a sheer fabrication ;
it is a perjury from beginning to end. I never
had any conversation with Senator Doolittle
or any other gentleman about this matter;
and so far as this man Hull pretends to detail
a conversation between Senator Doolittle and
myself or any one else he commits a downright
and willful perjury. That is all I have to say.
I am willing that this matter shall be referred
to any committee. I do not care what com-
mittee you refer it to.
Mr. HOWE. Mr.^ President, one of the
Senators mentioned in the deposition which
has been read to the Senate .is my colleague
on this floor. The political relatio-iis existing
between my colleague and myself are well
known not to be of the most intimate charac-
ter.^ _ I am not sure entirely that our recent
political relations have not somewhat affected
our personal relations ; but I am pretty sure
that they have not affected our personal rela-
tions to any considerable extent; and I know
they have not affected the personal relations
formerly existing between us to that extent
which would allow me to sit here and hear a
charge preferred against my colleague or any
imputation cast upon him which I believed
most confidently to be utterly unfounded; and
now, without attempting to detain the Senate
to discuss the testimony which has been pub-
lished to the country or the testimony which
has just been read to the Senate, I want to say
two or three things, not more in justice to my
colleague than in justice to the State which he
represents here.
My colleague has been a citizen of the State
of Wisconsin since sometime about 1850 or
1851. He was for many years a leading law-
yer in that State, very widely known to the pro-
fession, enjoying a very large practice. He
was for four or five years a judge of the circuit
court in that State before he came to the Sen-
ate. I knew him for almost the whole time
very well personally and by reputation, and I
have great personal satisfaction in saying here,
and I think it is due to the State that I should
say it, that in all that time I never heard the
slightest imputation cast upon him either for
the conduct of business in the courts over which
he presided or for the relations existing between
him and his clients—never a whisper which
could excite in the mind of any one a suspicion
of his venality or corruption; and notwithstand-
ing I know that the political course which my
colleague has pursued during the last year or
year and a half is not as I think, and as I am
glad to believe, satisfactory to the people of the
State of Wisconsin, yet I think I know that th&
imputation which has recently been thrown out
toward him rather than upon him will create
as much astonishment in the State of Wiscon-
sin as I am sure it has created here in the Sen-
ate among those who have known him as I
know it has created in my own mind.
Mr. President, I have not taken the trouble
to criticise the evidence, or that which has been
called and published as evidence. It had been
laid before the country several days through
the newspapers before I took the trouble to
read itj and notwithstanding my eye happened
to fall upon a newspaper which was sent to mo
with the testimony marked I did not take the
trouble to read it until I found some reference
to it in some of the newspapers of my own
State; and I did then run my eye over that
portion of the testimony which was supposed
to bear upon my colleague. It did not create,
I am bound to say, the slightest doubt upon
my mind as to the personal integrity of my col-
league.
I have one thing more to say, Mr. President;
it is not in reference to what action should ba
taken by the Senate upon this eommtfnication;
the Senate will judge of that; and I defer to
those who have sat here longer ami are more
competent to give direction to it than myself.
But I speak in behalf of myself as well as my
colleague, I speak in behalf of every member
of this Senate, I speak in behalf of every man
who now or hereafter may be engaged in the
public service, I speak in behalf of common
humanity, when I protest against dragging any
man engaged in the service of the country as
we are to the bar of public opinion to answer
for high crimes and misdemeanors unless there
be ground laid for it in testimony, that which
impresses the judgment of men as testimony,
not mere declarations; there is a difference:
between the two. I insist that we have respon-
sibilities enough to meet, and from this one we
ought to be exempt; and I say this without
undertaking to know that there is no founda-
tion for these things; but when I say it I think
I abundantly satisfy the Senate that whatever
the actual fact may be, I am impressed by the
most thorough belief that there is no ground
whatever in truth or in fact for arraigning these
Senators.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The kindness of my col-
league in rising at this time, as he docs, superior
to all supposed party considerations thus to
speak of me and my character quite overcomes
me. The Senate will indulge me in a single
word in relation to this testimony whiehhas now
been read in the open Senate. I state to the
Senate that I have never in my life to my knowl-
edge walked with Senator Patterson- from the
place indicated by the witness into the Capitol.
1 state most positively that Senator Patterson-
