298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23„
My attention was first called to this by a
friend who placed in my hands the New York
Times, on Monday evening, the 4th of March.
It was the first notice of any intended assault
upon my character from any source. I know
Mr. Hulbukd personally. I met him several
times during the last session, and he never in-
timated to me that there was the slightest evi-
dence implicating or tending to implicate me
in the least degree in any wrongful transaction
whatever. How was it possible that with one
spark of honorable manhood left in his bosom
he did not give me notice of what was going
on to injure my character for integrity, which
to me is of more value than all the wealth of
the world? Sir, let him give the reason. Per-
haps it is a sufficient reason. I use his own
language. On the 15th of March, instant, in
the House of Representatives, he said:
'* For four years I have acted as scavenger among
the filth and garbage of the investigations to which
I have been assigned."
Here is a reason, perhaps it is a good philo-
sophical reason, and a sufficient reason to be
found in his calling and his avocation.
Yes, sir, this "scavenger among filth and
garbage" has, I fear, been so long engaged in
his dirty work that not only his senses of sight
and smell, but his conscience and instincts
have been so affected or benumbed that ho sees
nothing wrong in this attack upon the character
of a member of the Senate.
I confess I felt indignant. It was an out-
rage beyond language to express that a com-
mittee of the House, sitting in secret, gather-
ing up hearsay, mere rumor, loose conversa-
tion, which would not bo heard in a justice's
court, and which no jury would be allowed to
hear in a case involving the slightest money
consideration, should thus without notice or
opportunity to meet and cross-examine wit-
nesses, or to give proof or to make any expla-
nation, submit and publish to the world are-
port, involving the public and private character
of members of the United States Senate. I
go further, and would say the same if it involved
even the humblest citizen of the United States.
Sir, to honorable men charactcr is dear as
life itself; and a committee-which violates
common justice, common fair dealing between
man and man, common courtesy, and common
decency even, would become fit instruments
of a revolutionary faction to try in secret men
doomed to the guillotine, whose first notice of
their accusation would be- conveyed in the
order for their execution.
lie says I felt "very much aggrieved." Ag-
grieved, sir? That does not express it. I felt
outraged. I felt that the decent respect due to
every member of this body was most grossly
outraged and trampled upon. I felt more, that
the reputation and character of every citizen
was in danger of being destroyed at the hands
of those scavengers in filth and garbage claim-
ing to act in the name of a Government whoso
first duty it is to protect the rights, liberties,
lives, and characters of its citizens.
I demanded of him to know upon what evi-
dence lie made such a report and published
such charges. He said the evidence was at the
Public Printer's. I spoke in strong terms, I
acknowledge, of the course pursued, especially
because a committee sitting in the same Capi-
tol with members of the Senate had published
sucli a report without giving them any notice
or any opportunity to be heard. When he
says that I seemed to have a "great desire to
append a denial to the report" he is utterly
mistaken. Why should I desire to append a
denial after the committee had submitted and
published their report to the world?
No, sir; I was in no mood to ask favors,
and did ask none. I went there to find the
evidence upon which the report was made and
to denounce the outrage. There is hardly a
human being upon the earth whose standard
of conscience or whose intellect is so low or
has become so benumbed by his occupation as
to be unable to feel that this was a great wrong.
He seemed to feel it. J have no doubt he did
feel it, for he began to plead that he did not
intend to do me wrong. He did not deny,
however, that it was a wrong. He says, read-
ing from the same speech:
"Afterward, upon reflection, I wrote a not# to Mr.
Doomttle, which I sent over to him by one of the
pages of this House, in which I stated that i did not
wish to do him injustice, and that if X had done so I
regretted it; that I would give him an opportunity
to make any explanation or denial he thoughtproper;
that as the report was closed I would simply ask that
it should be dated, pro forma, on the 2d of March."
Yes, Mr. President, Mr. IIulbukd did, on
the 5th day of March, send me a note, which
he dated back to the 2d of March, in which he
says:
"I write you this note for the purpose of saving
if you wish to make an explanation or denial in a
word, I will append it to tho testimony of the com-
mittee, to bo published with tho report."
And with that note he also sent me the fol-
lowing note, marked "private," which it is
necessary to read to understand tho whole facts:
"Dear Sie: I would not intentionally do you
wrong. If you will reply in a sentence or two to the
accompanying and return it to me immediatclyl will
append it to the testimony. Permit me to suggest
that a reply should not go into any statement or
argument, and should be limited to a sentence or
two. Please, for obvious reasons, date your reply on
the same day it purports to have been written.
" Respectfully yours, 0. T. IIULBUKD."
Mr. JOHNSON. Is that in his note?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the date of that
note ?
Mr. DOOLTTTLE. Tho note was dated
back to the 2d of March.
Mr. JOHNSON. When was it sent to
you?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On tho 5tli of March.
He states himself in his speech that I called
upon him two or three days after his report
was made public. The report was submitted
on the 2d day of March. I called upon him
on the evening of the 4th. On the 5th ho
sent me the note. On the morning of the Gth
of March, when I referred to this matter in
my personal explanation in the Senate, I had
these notes in my hand; but I forbore to use
them against one who had so deeply wronged
me. Much as I was inclined to do otherwise,
I stood upon the defensive only, and made a
simple unequivocal and positive denial. I
stand there no longer.
It will bo seen that in his speech in the
House he says that in his note he said he
"would give me an opportunity to make any
explanation or denial I thought proper."
This allegation is substantially and essen-
tially a falsehood. I prove it by the record.
In one note he says, not that I may make any
denial or explanation I thought proper, but it
must be "in a word;" and in the other that
my "reply should not go into any statement or
argument, atid should be limited to a sentence
or two." Is there a human being so blind as
to believe that it was for the purpose of allow-
ing me to vindicate my character when assailed
that he said I must answer "in a word;"
"that I must bo limited to a sentence or two
that I must be allowed to go into no statement
or argument in answer to testimony I had
never seen or heard, and could not see because
it was in the hands of (he Public Printer, and
which I have never seen until this very hour?
No, sir; no, this pretense is too shallow, this
covering is too thin. It is adding insult to
outrage to say it. The real purpose was to
make it appear to the world that on the 2d
of March, the day on which he submitted the
report, he had given me an opportunity to
explain, and if I had followed his suggestion,
and in a letter of the same date had acknowl-
edged I had that opportunity, he could then
screen himself from that just measure of con-
demnation which every honest man must feel
for the cowardly and assassin-like attempt to
injure my reputation in a vital point.
Did he suppose that any man of ordinary
sense could not penetrate motives so transpar-
ent, as easily to be seen through and through
as one can look through a ladder?
It was to hide himself from the consciousness
of this wrong, to save himself from condemna-
tion for an act so outrageously unjust, that I do
not hesitate to say if any Senator had pub-
lished to the world a report against Mr. Hul-
btjbd or any other member of the House, based
upon evidence taken in secret which he had
never seen, without giving him notice and a
fair opportunity to explain or to disprove, com-
mon justice would scourge him with a whip of
scorpions. It was to save himself, not me, that
"after reflection" he wrote that note.
Let us go a little further. Let us look at this
note for a monfent. It was written on the 5th ,
of March, after the expiration of the Congress.
Mr. Hulburd had ceased to be chairman of
any committee. He antedates his letter to carry
it back into the last session. He signs it as
chairman of a committee already expired. It
is nothing more nor less than a deliberate
attempt at forgery of evidence or of a public
document; a deliberate fraud upon the House
of Representatives. True, it was not for the
purpose of obtaining money, and therefore per-
haps not felonious; but it was none the less an
attempt at fraud and forgery, for the purpose
I have already indicated. And, sir, what does
he suggest to me in his private note but that
I should join him in the same fraud and for-
gery ? ,
Sir, I scorned his suggestion. Instead of ante-
dating letters and forging evidence to screen
him or to screen myself I made the full, com-
plete, and unqualified denial of the 6th of
March which I now reaffirm, sentence by sen-
tence, and word for word.
Mr. President, as my son, Coltftiel Anson 0.
Doolittle, has also been assailed, although I
have not yet been able to read the testimony
of this committee, I may be allowed to say a
few words by the indulgence of the Senate.
Ho was at the Law University of Michigan,
eighteen years of age, when the first call for
volunteers was made in 1861. He came home
at once to Wisconsin, enlisted as a private
soldier, and aided in raising the first company
at Racine, all young men. He was chosen
lieutenant, served as such in the second Wis-
consin regiment in the first battle of Bull Run,
and remained in service four years. He was
appointed a second lieutenant in the fourth cav-
alry by Mr. Cameron, then Secretary of War,
and for a long time commanded a battalion of
regular cavalry in the Army of the West. He
was under General Thomas in the terrible bat-
tle of Chickamauga, and after the retreat of
our Army into Chattanooga, when Wheeler
with the rebel cavalry crossed the .Tennessee
to cut off the supplies of our defeated Army,
his command was a part of our cavalry forces
which for twenty days and nights in succession
pursued, fought, and skirmished with Wheel-
er's rebel forces until they captured all his
artillery and drove him into the Tennessee, in
whose swollen floods hundreds of the fleeing
rebels were drowned.
He was afterward appointed lieutenant col-
onel of the thirty-seventh Wisconsin volun-
teers, which he commanded under General
Wilcox, of Michigan, in the assault and cap-
ture of the railroad cut under a terrible lire in
front of Petersburg, for which, upon the rec-
ommendation of that general, he wasbrevetted
for distinguished gallantry in that battle as
colonel of volunteers.
I would nothavesaid thus much had not,this
young man been most unjustly assailed, n#t for
any wrong that he has done or contemplated,
but because, being my son and having broken
up his professional studies to give four years
of his young manhood to the service of his
country, _ he has accepted the position of a
weigher in the New York custom-house. 'This
is the whole of his offending in fact. To this
position he was appointed to fill a vacancy
occasioned by death, and not by removal.
As to the allegation or intimation that he had
contemplated or made someother arrangement,
never carried out, with Mr. Thompson or any
other person, which in some way was improper,
illegitimate, or dishonorable to him or to me,
I have to say that upon all the information that
has ever come to my knowledge, and upon all
that I can learn, I deny in most emphatic torm3
