1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
that he ever entered into or contemplated or en-
tertained for one moment any proposition which
was not in itself perfectly legal, perfectly hon-
est, and perfectly honorable to him as a citizen
and as a soldier.
I have only to say, in conclusion, that the
intimation or suspicion that Mr. Smythe made
any agreement with me to give my son any
sum ot'money or any interest in the "general-
order business," in order to obtain my influ-
ence in procuring his nomination or confirma-
tion, is not only a falsehood, but a most silly
falsehood. Mr. Smythe was recommended for
that place by an amount and weight of charac-
ter in the city of New York among the busi-
ness men hardly ever equaled before. Boards
of Trade, Chamber of Commerce, leading
bankers and merchants all seem to concur
in his favor. It is true politicians in New
York were very much divided on the subject,
and the President could not appoint the can-
didate of one set without offending others,
and upon the whole concluded to appoint Mr.
Smytlie, not as a politician, but as a collector
of customs at the port of New York. As
a friend of the President I agreed with him
in that opinion. He was nominated, and
was I think confirmed unanimously by the
Senate, and sustained by nearly all the press
of the city of New York. I repeat, it is not
only a falsehood, but a most silly falsehood,
that "he (Mr. Smythe) had to agree to give
a portion of the general-order business to
Senator Doolittle's son before he would be
confirmed." Mr. Smythe swears that this alle-
gation is absolutely false. I know it to be
false. In fact I do not remember to have
heard of any such thing as the "general-order
business," nor did I ever know there was
any such thing in the business operations of
New York until after his appointment and con-
firmation ; and it had nothing to do, directly
or indirectly, with my action in relation to
either.
Sir, I know not how it may strike others;
but it does seem to me, and I suggest it to the
Judiciary Committee, that there ought to be
some law to regulate the conduct of these
secret investigating committees in taking and
publishing the testimony of witnesses involv-
ing or affecting the character of citizens, and
to prevent them from being abused and used
as star-chamber inquisitions.
Mr. President, I shall concur entirely in any
disposition that the Senate may think proper
to make of this subject; whether to refer it to
the Committee on the Judiciary, or any other
course that may be pursued.
Mr. MORGAN. I do not propose to reply
to the Senator from Wisconsin ; but I cannot
fail to express my astonishment at the extraor-
dinary scene that has been presented to the
Senate to-day. Here, for nearly three quarters
of an hour, the Senate, departing from all their
rules, have permitted the Senator from Wis-
consin to make a most extraordinary attack
upon a member of the House of Representa-
tives from the State which I have the honor in
part ■ to represent here, which fills me both
with astonishment, and alarm. Mr. IIulihtrd
is well known in the State of New York. He
has been a member of the Legislature several
times. He lias been a candidate for the Speak-
ership of that body. He has been for several
years chairman of the committee of ways and
means in the Assembly of New York; and
he has been for three or four terms—my col-
league will correct me if I am in error—a
member of the national House of Representa-
tives ; and in every place that he has occupied
he has had the respect, the esteem, and the
confidence of the people of the State of New
York. And I now declare that he has not
written one word, nor has he made a state-
ment. that he does not believe to be true. Say-
ing this, and also saying that he is as pure a
man as any member of this body, I leave the
question to the consideration of the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. I now offer the resolution
which is lying on the Secretary's desk.
Mr. FOWLER. If the Senator from Mis-
souri "will allow me to make a few remarks I
shall be very much obliged to him.
Mr. DRAKE. In a moment. The Sena-
tor's remarks will be in order upon this resolu-
tion. I ask for the reading of the resolution.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the testimony transmitted by the
House of Representatives to the- Senate, with the
statement that it " apparently affected one or more
members of tho Senate," be respectfully returned to
the House.
Mr. DRAKE. It is manifest to all the Sen-
ators present that the matter which has been
brought to the attention of the Senate this
morning has two aspects: first, that which has
led to the Senate conccding to the Senator
from Wisconsin the privilege of proceeding
with such remarks as ho pleased to_ offer to
repel the imputation made against him; and
secondly, that which relates to the action of
this body upon the testimony presented under
the resolution of the House of ileprescntatives.
The honorable Senator from Wisconsin and the
honorable Senator from Tennessee have both
made their statements with regard to this matter
to the Senate; the former under the express
leave of the Senate to shape his remarks as he
pleased.
Now, sir, the question comes up here, what
shall the Senate do with this testimony which
the House of Representatives has sent to it?
Shall it refer it to a committee to institute an
investigation with reference to the Senators
who are "apparently affected," as the House
says, by this testimony, or shall it lay the whole
matter on the table; or what shall it do with
it? I have embodied in that resolution the
view which I think the Senate should take of
this matter: that there is nothing in the testi-
mony which has been sent here by the House
of Representatives which even so ".apparently
affects" any member of this body as to require
even a reference to a committee, or that it
should continue to lie on the table of the Sen-
ate. My opinion is that it should be sent back
to the House of Representatives just in the
terms expressed in the resolution which 1 have
offered. I say there is not a lawyer in the
Senate who would ever counsel the institution
of any proceeding against any man under any
circumstances upon such testimony as that
which has been sent here. Much less, there-
fore, should we, as Senators, entertain the idea
that a cloud has been sufficiently cast over the
name of any Senator to justify any action of
the Senate whatever on such testimony. I
hope, sir, that for the protection of this body
and of every individual member of it, not only
at this time, but in all future times, such an
answer will be given to the House of Repre-
sentatives as will cause more circumspection
hereafter in their decisions, that testimony of
this description taken ex parte "apparently
affects" the character, public or private, of |
Senators of the United States ; and I think the
only way to convey that intimation is by re-
turning tho testimony to the House of Repre-
sentatives withont any comment or note from
the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, anything
that affects the personal character of a mem-
ber of the Senate or a member of the House
will always create feeling. It was perfectly
natural that the Senator from Wisconsin should
feel keenly tho imputations cast upon him by
a committee of the House. We. therefore,
naturally excuse any harshness of language,
or perhaps language that would not be allowed
nnder the rules. Vv henever a man is assailed
he must speak in the language of indignation,
and therefore it is proper, and I think right,
that the Senator should express himself 111 just
such language as he saw proper, not only
against the accusation, but against the accusers,
and all who were instrumental m it.
But, sir, since he lias performed that right
and that duty, the Senate of the United States
must perform its duty. This testimony has
been sent to us by the House of Represent-
atives. It was sent without reading, the tes-
timony that has been read is rather of a frivo-
lous character, there is no doubt about th&t—1
in the nature of hearsay—and on the question
of identity is scarcely deserving the weight of
testimony; but still it has been sent to u-s with
a large mass of printed matter wei have not
read. It seems to me that the Senate ought
to pursue the ordinary course with this subject;
send it to the Judiciary Committee in the
ordinary way without further debate. But the
idea of sending this testimony back to the
House, throwing it into their teeth, it seems to
me would be disrespectful to the House and
undignified in the Senate—reversing the ordi-
nary course of proceeding.
I do not think the House of Representatives
intended any disrespect to the Senate. This
testimony was not read in the House. "We are
bound to view their action in the most favor-
able terms? They find that by one of their
committees testimony has been taken that af-
fects, as they say, or that appears to affect one
or more members of the Senate, and they send
it over for our action. They modified the lan-
guage of the resolution of the committee. The
resolution of the committee, as reported, used
the word "implicated," and they struck it
out 
Mr. DRAKE. "Inculpated."
Mr. SHERMAN. The words.are the same;
and the House used a word of milder meaning,
simply that it "affects" a member of the Sen-
ate. Under these circumstances, it seems to
me, the proper course is for us to refer this
matter to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
I make that motion.
Mr. HOWARD. However painful may be
the testimony with regard to the members of
this body at this time, however accusatorj it
may be in its nature, I think the Senate are
bound to indulge toward the House of Repre-
sentatives and its committee the usual presump-
tion, that persons charged with public duties
act in good faith and not for the purpose of
doing private injuries to any one. We are bound
to presume that the committee who took this
testimony acted fairly, honestly, and in good
faith even toward tho persons who have been
affected by it; and surely we are bound to pre-
sume that the coordinate legislative branch of
the Government who have sent this testimony
to us for consideration have acted in equal good
faith. They have seen fit to treat this testimony
as of sufficient weight and importance to attract
the attention of the Seriate to it, and have sent
it to us for that purpose. Surely it is to be
presumed that the House of Representatives do
not regard this testimony as entirely false or
frivolous ; and out of respect to the House, and
out of respect even to the gentlemen themselves
who are affected by the testimony in this body,
it does seem to me that we ought to refer the
testimony to some standing committee of the
Senate with an instruction that they should pur-
sue the investigation fully, fairly, and honestly,
giving the persons affected by it an opportune ly
to appear before them with counter testimony,
if they shall so see fit, in order that the Senate
and the country, and especially thegentlcmen of
this body who are affected by the testimony, may
have a perfectly full and clear showing and ex-
planation of this whole matter. I trust, there-
fore, that the motion made by the Senator from
Missouri will not be adopted, and that we shall
refer the matter to a committee of this body.
Mr. FOWLER. I was not in the Senato
when this subject came up before or I would
have taken the liberty of stating then what I
wish to state now.
I will say that without attempting to disap-
prove the manner in which the subject has
been spoken ofto-day by the two Senators
accused, I should have been pleased, and 1
wish they had contented themselves with a
simple denial of the charge. Entertaining as
I do for them the kindest feelings, and believ-
ing them perfectly guiltless of any participa-
tion whatever in the guilt-imputed to them, I
wish they had contented themselves with im-
puting no dishonor, no unfairness, or anything
of that kind to either the members of the com-
mittee or the House, or to the witnesses that
