1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE.
second time the course for which it had once
been taken to task, namely, publishing such
evidence, the committee went into the House
and informed the House that evidence had
been taken which "apparently affects"—a
very mild meaning, as the Senator from Ohio
says—" apparently affects one member or more
than one member of the Senate." They re-
ported to the House, and asked it to be trans-
mitted to the Senate.
I shall not discuss the question whether this
was the best mode of proceeding or the reverse;
whether it was wise or- not. I am simply vin-
dicating the chairman of that committee from
what I deem the excessive assault which has
been made upon him.' What was he to do with
this evidence? Should he report itagain to the
House, and thus to the country, that the Sena-
tor might complain once more that evidence
had been taken which affected him, and yet
no opportunity had been afforded him to say
whatever he might choose to say in regard to
it? It might have been disposed of in several
ways. I am not discussing, I repeat, the ques-
tion which would have been best; bat 1 am
submitting to the Senate that the chairman of
that committee did nothing malicious, and had
no motive to do anything unfair or unfriendly,
much less any act deserving to be characterized
and stigmatized as he and his acts have been
by the Senator from Wisconsin.
Now, sir, that evidence comes here. What
it proves we know in part, because we have
heard it read in part. As to the rest we know
nothing. The question is before the Senate :
what direction shall it take ? I am not going
to make any suggestion with regard to that. I
have no knowledge of the merits of this mat-
ter as regards the charges against the two Sen-
ators understood to be referred to. But, sir,
I submit that there is nothing here which war-
rants the Senate, as to the House of Repre-
sentatives, or any committee or member of it,
in assuming an impropriety^ a wrong, or any-
thing else which goes one inch toward justi-
fying the remarks which have been listened to
to-day.
This note, which was addressed by the chair-
man of the committee to the Senator from
Wisconsin, we have heard stigmatized as for-
gery, safe from felonious prosecution because
no money waited as an inducement upon its
commission. I think when the Senator from
Wisconsin reflects coolly upon that part of his
remarks he will agree with me that in what the
law calls furor brevis he has gone far beyond
reasonable bounds.
That note, as I heard it stated by the Sena-
tor, seems to have been nothing but the sugges-
tion of a mode by the chairman of the com-
mittee in which the Senator could have the
opportunity to correct any mistake or injustice
which had grown out of the lack of opportu-
nity before. As he says, the session had ex-
pired by law; the chairman had ceased to be
chairman of the committee. He says, there-
fore, to the Senator, although the clock has
struck the hour which divides the old session
from the new, although we have crossed that
isthmus not wider than a hair between now
and then, put in your statement; let it be done
in the language of the note nunc pro tunc.
Who was that to harm ? What is there in it
which should induce a Senator to rise here
and denounce and stigmatize it in the unmeas-
ured manner in which the Senator has seen fit
to indulge?
Now, sir, I have said about this much more
than I intended; but before 1 sit down I wish
to say again that the day is far hence when I
will sit in this presence or in any presence and
listen in silence to aspersions so gross, heaped
upon the head of a man so pure, so respectable
as he whom the Senator from Wisconsin has
seen fit to assail. I believe that he has done
his duity; that if he has committed an error m
doing it, it is an error of the head and not of
the heart; I believe also that any committee
which shall have charge of this subject wiUimd
nothing to attribute to him m derogation ot the
high character which here and everywhere I
am glad to assign him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President^ when
this matter first came to the consideration of
the Senate I stated, I think substantially, that
it was a communication from the House of
Representatives which the Senate was bound
to treat with due consideration. However in-
conclusive or trifling the testimony which has
been read may have seemed to some members
of the Senate who listened to it, I think we
should do nothing in passion, or from impulse,
or in haste in regard to it. I have sometimes
been censured for my course in this body for
objecting to inconsiderate action, because I
have opposed the passage of measures upon the
impulse of the moment. I have done so in the
discharge of what I believed to bo a public
duty, and i feel that- it is improper that we
should act in that spirit now. If the House of
Representatives has made a mistake (which I
shall not assume) it will be no excuse for us
to make another. It is one of the branches of
the legislative department of the Government.
They have sent to us a communication, which
we must treat witli proper rcspect and deco-
rum ; and I am utterly opposed to any such
proposition as that offered by the Senator from
Missouri.
Now, sir, I shall be glad if this subject can be
disposed of by a reference to a committee. I
believe a motion was made by the Senator from
Ohio to dispose of it in that way; but if this
discussion is to be continued, I think we had
better lay this matter aside and proceed to the
consideration of the bill which the President
has returned to the House of Representatives
with his objections, and which has been re-
passed there ; and I move that the subject
under consideration 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think we can dispose
of this now.
Mr. JOHNSON. We can take the vote in
a moment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If-there is to be no other
speaking, I shall not interpose the motion I in-
tended to make; but if there is to be any fur-
ther debate, I move that this subject be laid
aside and that we proceed to the consideration
of the bill from the House of Representatives
with the objections of the President.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope this will be com-
mitted first. _
Mr. MORTON. I believe when this affi-
davit was read here there was a just feeling
of indignation among Senators. It was frivo-
lous, flimsy, and improbable ; and the only im-
portance is derived from the fact that it was
sent here by the House of Representatives.
I think, however, that Uiis subject ought to be
referred to the committee, not out of any re-
spect to the evidence that has been read here
to-day, but out of respect to the House of
Representatives. I think it better for the Sen-
ators themselves before the country that it
should be so referred. That that committee
will do them full justice and will vindicate them
properly I have no doubt. I hope it will be
referred to the committee.
Mr. DRAKE. When I offered the resolu-
tion which 1 did I supposed that the only evi-
dence before the Senate was that which was
read here this morning. I understand the
honorable Senator from New York, who ad-
dressed-the Senate just now, to state that there
is other evidence there in that printed volume,
and if I mistake not the honorable Senator
from Maryland seemed to concur with him m
that statement. If that is so, then as nothing
from the printed volume has been read here,
and we know not its contents, I would have no
objection to have the reference made to the
committee; but if the ease stood before us
now simply upon that written statement which
was read this morning to the Senate, then 1
say the self-respect of the Senate would forbid
its entertaining the proposition for one moment.
I would inquire of the honorable Senator trom
Maryland whether I was right in supposing that
he concurred in the statement made by the
honorable Senator from New York as to what
is really before the. Senate now from the House
of Representatives ? - ;
Mr. JOHNSON. I did. .
Mr. DRAKE. .Then, Mr, President, out
of deference to the opinion of those two hon-
orable Senators, that the printed matter is
before the Senate and that the Senate kno ws
not what is in that printed matter at all, I will,
with the permission of the Senate, withdraw
the resolution which I' offered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution is withdrawn.
,Mr. JOHNSON. I do not ask for the read-
ing of'the resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives ; but I know that I am right when I
say that it brings before us what came as
printed matter as well as what came as secret
evidence. I rose principally for the purpose
of saying that I see no ground to call in ques-
tion the conduct of the House of Representa-
tives, whatever may be thought of the conduct
of the committee or any one of itsmembers;
becausc, as I understand, this additional tes-
timony was not read to the House ; it was laid
before them as secret testimony, and they
acted upon the opinion which the committee
gave them, that there was in that, taken in con-
nection with the other evidence in the case,
matter affecting a Senator; and upon that
statement of the committee they sent it here.
They could have designed no disrespect to the
Senate, I am sure; and it would be therefore
wrong, as I think, to dispose of the matter in
any other way than that which is perfectly
consistent with the respect which we ought to
owe, and which we do owe, to a coordinate
branch of the Government. I hope, there-
fore, a reference will be ordered to some com-
mittee ; the Judiciary Committee, I suppose,
is the proper committee.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to ask a question
of the honorable Senator from Wisconsin and
the honorable Senator from Tennessee, upon
whom this evidence seems to reflect; and that
is, whether they do or do not desire that the
Committee on the Judiciary should be vested
with power to send for persons and papers with
a view to carry on this investigation ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly I desire that
it should go to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and that they should have full power to
investigate.
Mr. HOWARD. I move, then, that the
committee bo authorized to send for persons
and papers with a view to prosecute the inves-
tigation. .
Mr. JOHNSON. My friend from Michigan
will permit me to suggest what I think is the
course in such matters. The committee, after
the case is submitted to them, decide for them-
selves whether they desire to have the authority
to subpena persons and get papers. That was
done in the case of the credentials I presented
the other day of my colleague, and 1 think it
has always been the rule. If when the com-
mittee have examined into this question they
come to the conclusion that they require the
presence of witnesses and the production of
papers, they will no doubt, through their chair-
man, request authority for that purpose.
Mr. HOWARD. I understand from the
Senator from Wisconsin that he is anxious that
the committee should be vested with that
power. , .
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection.
Mr. HOWARD. Not only m reference to
the general inquiry, but especially in reference
to his own case.
Mr. JOHNSON- B"4 tha' 0USllt depend
on the opinion of the comniittee. Ihey may
come to the conclusion that it is not necessaiy.
Mr. HOWARD. I make the motion that
the committee be authorized to send for per-
sons and papsrs.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I fully
concur in the proposition of the Senator from
Michigan. I have no objection to the commit-
tee being authorized to send for persons and
papers. Indeed I really desire it.
