THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tlie Sena-
tor from Michigan moves that this subject be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
with authority to send for persons and papers.
The motion was agreed to.
message prom the house.
The following message was received from
the House of Representatives, by Mr. McPher-
sok, its Clerk:
Mr. President, the House of Representatives
has agreed to the amendments of the Senate
to the joint resolution of the House No. 8,
directing the Secretary of the Interior to sus-
pend the execution of a law passed by the
Thirty-Ninth Congress forthc relief of the heirs
of John E. Bouligny.
It has also passed the following Senate bills :
A bill (S. No, 38) in relation to the acknowl-
edgment of deeds in the District of Columbia ;
ana
A bill (S. No. 77) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to reimburse the State ofWest
Virginia for moneys expended for the United
States in enrolling, equipping, and paying mili-
tia forces to aid in suppressing the rebellion,"
approved June 21, 1800.
The President of the United States having
returned to the House of Representatives, in
which it originated, the bill (H. R. No. 33)
entitled "An act supplementary to an act enti-
tled 'An act to provide for the more efficient
government of the rebel States,' passed March
2, 1807, and to facilitate restoration," with his
objections thereto, the House of Representa-
tives has proceeded, in conformity with the
Constitution, to reconsider the said bill and
has—
Resolved, That it do pass, two thirds of the IIouso
of Koprcsentatives agreeing to pass the same, tho
objections of tlio President to tho contrary notwith-
standing.
And I am directed to communicate to the
Senate the paid bill with tho objections of the'
President thereto, and tho proceedings of the
House of Representatives thereon.
supplementary reconstruction bill veto.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill returned
by the President with his objections.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
hoy in the chair.) The bill (II. II. No. 33)
supplementary to an act entitled "An act to
provide for the more efficient government of
the rebel States," passed March 2,1807, is now
before the Senate on reconsideration. The
message of the President, retnrningthe bill with
his objections to the House of Representatives,
will bo read.
The Secretary read the veto message, as
follows:
To the House of Representatives:
I have considered the bill entitled "An act
supplementary to an act entitled 'An act to
provide for the more efficient government of
the rebel States,' passed March 2,1807, and to
facilitate restoration," and now return it to the
House of Representatives, with my objections.
This bill provides for elections in the ten
States brought under the operation of the
original act to which it is supplementary. Its
details are principally directed to the elections
for the formation of the State constitutions,
but by the sixth section of the bill "all elec-
tions" in these States occurring while the
original act remains in force are brought within
its purview. Referring to tho details, it will be
found that, first of all, there is to be a registra-
tion of the voters. No one whose name has
not been admitted on the list is to be allowed to
vote at any of these elections. To ascertain
who is entitled to registration, reference is
made necessary, by the express language of
the supplement, to the original act and to the
pending bill. The fifth section of the original
act provides, as to voters, that they shall be
" male citizens of the State, twenty-one years
old and upward, of whatever race, color, or
previous condition, who have been resident of
said State for one year." This is the general
qualification, followed, however, by many ex-
ceptions. No one can be registered, according
to the original act, "who maybe disfranchised
for participation in the Rebellion," a proyision
which left undetermined the question as to'what
amounted to disfranchisement, and whether,
without a judicial sentence, the act itself pro-
duced that effect. This supplemental bill super-
adds an oath, to be taken by every person be-
fore his name can be admitted upon the regis-
tration, that he has "not been disfranchised
for participation in any rebellion or civil war
against the United States." It thus imposes
upon every person the necessity and responsi-
bility of deciding for himself, under the peril
of punishment by a military commission, if he
makes a mistake, what works disfranchisement
by participation in rebellion, and what amounts
to such participation. Almost every man—the
negro as well as the white—above twenty-one
years of age, who was resident in these ten
States during the rebellion, voluntarily or in-
voluntarily, at some time and in some way did
participate in resistance to the lawful authority
of the General Government. The question
with tho citizen to whom this oath is to be pro-
posed must be a fearful one ; for while the bill
does not declare that perjury may be assigned
for such false swearing, nor fix any penalty for
the offense, we mustnot forget that martial law
prevails ; that every person is answerable to a
military commission, without previous present-
ment by a grand jury for any charge that may
be made against him; and that the supreme
authority of the military commander determines
the question as to what is an offense, and what
is to be the measure of punishment.
The fourth section of the bill provides "that
the commanding general of each district shall
appoint as many boards of registration as may
be necessary, consisting of three loyal officers
or persons." The only qualification stated for
these officers is that they must be "loyal."
They may be persons in the military service or
civilians, residents of the State or strangers.
Yet these persons are to exercise most import-
ant duties, and are vested with unlimited dis-
cretion. They arc to decide what names shall
be placed upon the register ; and from their
decision there is to be no appeal. They are to
superintend the elections, and to decide all
questions which may arise. They are to have
tho custody of the ballots, and to make returns
of the persons elected. Whatever frauds or
errors they may commit must pass without
redress. All that is left for the commanding
general is to receive the returns of the elec-
tions, open the same, and ascertain who are
chosen "according to the returns of the offi-
cers who conducted said elections." By such
means, and with this sort of agency, are the
conventions of delegates to be constituted.
As the delegates are to speak for the people,
common justice would seem to require that they
should have authority from the people them-
selves. No convention so constituted will in
any sense represent the wishes of the inhabit-
ants of these States; for, under the all-em-
bracing exceptions" of these laws, by a con-
struction which the uncertainty of the clause
as to disfranchisement leaves open to the board
of officers, the great body of the people may
be excluded from the polls, and from all oppor-
tunity of expressing their own wishes, or vot-
ing for delegates who will faithfully reflect their
sentiments.
I do not deem it necessary further to inves-
tigate the details of this bill. No consideration
could indu.ee me to give my approval to such
an election law for any purpose, and especially
for the great purpose of framing the constitu-
tion of a State. If ever the American citizen
should be left to the free exercise of his own
judgment it is when he is engaged in the work
of forming the fundamental law under which
he is to live. That is his work, and it cannot
properly be taken out of his hands. All this
legislation proceeds upon tho contrary assump-
tion, that the people of each of these States
shall have no constitution except such as may
be arbitrarily dictated by Congress and formed
under the restraint of military rule. A plain
statement of facts makes this evident.
In all these States there are existing consti-
tutions formed in the accustomed way by the
people. Congress, however, declares that these
constitutions are not "loyal and republican,"
and requires the people to form them anew.
What, then, in the opinion of Congress, is
necessary to make the constitution of a State
"loyal and republican?" The original act
answers the question. It is universal negro
suffrage, a question which the Federal Consti-
tution leaves to the States themselves. All
this legislative machinery of martial law, mili-
tary coercion, and political disfranchisement
is avowedly for that purpose and none other.
The existing constitutions of the ten States
conform to the acknowledged standards of
loyalty and republicanism. Indeed, if there
are degrees in republican forms of govern-
ment, their constitutions are more republican
now than when those States—four of which
were members of the original thirteen—first
became members of tho Union.
Congress does not now demand that a single
provision of their constitutions be changed,
except such as confine suffrage to the white
population. It is apparent, therefore, that
these provisions do not conform to the standard
of republicanism which Congress seeks to es-
tablish. That there may be no mistake, it is
only necessary that reference should be made
to tho original act, which declares—
"Such constitution shall provide that the elective
franchise shall bo enjoyed by all such persons as
have the qualifications herein stated for electors of
delegates."
What class of persons is here meant clearly
appears in the same section. That is to say:
" Tho male citizens of said State, twenty-one years
old and upward, of whatever race, color, or previous
condition, who have been resident in said State for
one year previous to the day of such election."
Without these provisions no constitution
which can be framed in any one of the ten
States will be of any avail with Congress. This,
then, is the test of what the constitution of a
State of this Union must contain to make it
republican. Measured by such a standard, how
few of the States now composing the Union
have republican constitutions! If, in the ex-
ercise of the constitutional guarantee that Con-
gress shall secure to every State a republican
form of government, universal suffrage for
blacks as well as whites is a sine qua non, the
work of reconstruction may as well begin in
Ohio as in Virginia, in Pennsylvania as in
North Carolina.
When I contemplate the millions of our fel-
low-citizens of the South, with no alternative
left but to impose upon themselves this fearful
and untried experiment of complete negro en-
franchisement and white disfranchisement, it
may be almost as complete, or submit indefin-
itely to the rigor of martial law, without a single
attribute of freedmen, deprived of all the sacred
guarantees of our Federal Constitution, and
threatened with even worse wrongs, if any worse
are possible, it seems to me their condition is
the most deplorable to which any people can
be reduced. It is true that they have been en-
gaged in rebellion, and that, their object being
a separation of the States and a dissolution of
the Union, there wasan obligation resting upon
every loyal citizen to treat them as enemies,
and to wage war against their cause.
Inflexibly opposed to any movement imper-
iling the integrity of the Government, I did
not hesitate to urge the adoption of all meas
ures necessary for the suppression of the insur
rection. After a long and terrible struggle the
efforts of the Government were triumphantly
successful, and the people of the South, sub-
mitting to the stern arbitrament, yielded for-
ever the issues of the contest. Hostilities ter-
minated soon after it became my duty to assume
the responsibilities of the Chief Executive offi-
cer of the Republic, and I at once endeavored
