1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to repress and control the passions which ous
civil strife had engendered, and no longer re-
garding these erring millions as enemies again
acknowledged them as; our friends and our
countrymen. The war had accomplished its
objccts. The nation was saved, and that sem-
inal principal of mischief which, from the birth
of the Government, had gradually but inev-
itably brought on the rebellion, was totally
eradicated. ^ Then, it seemed to me, was the
auspicious time to commence the work of rec-
onciliation ; then, when the people sought once
more our friendship and protection, I consid-
ered it our duty generously to meet them in
the spirit of charity and forgiveness and to
conquer them even more effectually by the mag-
nanimity of the nation than by the force of its
arms. I yet believe that if the policy of rec-
onciliation then inaugurated, and which con-
templated an early restoration of these people
to all their political rights, had received the
support of Congress, every one of these ten
States and all their people would at this mo-
ment be fast anchored in the Union, and the
great work which gave the war all its sanction
and made it just and holy would have been
accomplished. Then over all the vast and
fruitful regions of the South peace and its
blessings would have prevailed, while now mil-
lions are deprived of rights guarantied by the
Constitution to every citizen, and after nearly
two years of legislation find themselves placed
under an absolute military despotism. "A mil-
itary Republic, a Government formed on mock
elections, and supported daily by the sword/'
was nearly a quarter of a century since pro-
nounced by Daniel Webster, when speaking
of the South American States, as a "move-
ment indeed, but a retrograde and disastrous
movement, from the regular and old-fashioned
monarchical systems;" and he added:
" If men would enjoy tho blessings of republican
government they must govern themselves by reason,
by mutual counsel and consultation, by a sense and
feeling of general interest, and by the acquiescence
of the minority in the will of the majority, properly
expressed; and, above all, the military must be
kept, according to the language of our bill of rights,
in strict subordination to the civil authority. Where
ever this lesson is not both learned and practiced
there can be no political freedom. Absurd, prepos-
terous is it, a ;scoif and a satire on free forms of con-
stitutional liberty for forms of government to be
prescribed by military leaders, and the right of suf-
frage to be exercised at the point of the sword."
I confidently believe that a time will come
when these States will again occupy their true
positions in the Union. The barriers which
now seem so obstinate must yield to the force
of an enlightened and just public opinion, and
sooner or later unconstitutional and oppres-
sive legislation will be effaced from our statute-
books. When this shall have been consum-
mated I pray God that the errors of the past
may be forgotten, and that once more we shall
be a happy, united, and prosperous people, and
that at last, after the bitter and eventful ex-
perience through which the nation has passed,
we shall all come to know that our only safety
is in the preservation of our Federal Constitu-
tion, and in according to every American citi-
zen and to every State the rights which that
Constitution secures.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washixgton, March 23, 1867.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, Shall this bill pass, the objections of the
President to the contrary notwithstanding?
The-votewill be taken by yeas and nays in
order to ascertain whether the bill receives a
constitutional majority.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 40, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Cole. Conkling, Conness, Corbett, Cragin, Drake,
Edmunds, Fessenden, Fowler, Freimghuysen, _ Har-
lan Howard, Howe, Johnson, Morgan, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermant, Morton, Nye, Patterson
of New Hampshire, Poineroy, Ramsey, Ross, Sher-
man, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner. Ihayer.iipton,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Williams,
Wilson, and Yates—40. . r*fi„
STAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, Dixon, TJoohttle,
Norton. Patterson of Tennessee, and Sauisbuvy i.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ferry, Grimes, Guthrie, Hender-
son, Hendricks, and Riddle-=6.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Two thirds
of the Senate having voted for tho bill, it is
passed, and two thirds of the House of Rep-
resentatives having previously repassed the
bill, it is now a law, the objections of the Pres-
ident to the contrary notwithstanding.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to call up Senate
bill No. 106, with a view of getting a vote and
making a remark or two upon the subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the Senator
from Rhode Island proceeds I wish to offer a
resolution.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I give way for that pur-
pose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer the following
resolution:
Resolved hy the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That the President of the Senate
and the Speaker of the House of Representatives
adjourn their respective Houses on Tuesday next,
March 26, at twelve o'clock meridian, until tho first
Monday of December, 1867, at twelve o'clock me-
ridian,
Mr. DRAKE. I move to amend the reso-
lution by striking out "the first Monday of
December," and inserting "Tuesday, the loth
day of October."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
question is, whether the Senate will consider
the resolution at this time. Does the Senator
from Illinois ask for its present consideration?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection, and the resolution is before
the Senate. The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. DRAKE called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered ; and being taken re-
sulted—yeas 19, nays 28 ; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Cole, Drake, Edmunds, Fowler,
Harlan, Howe, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Nyo, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Pomeroy, Ross, Sumner, Thayer. Tipton, Wade, Wil-
son. and Yates—19.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cameron,
Cattell, Chandler, Conkling, Conness, Corbett, Cia-
gin, Davis, Dixon. Doohttlo, Fessenden, Freling-
huysen, Howard, Johnson, Morgan, Norton, Patter-
son of Tennessee, Ramsey, Saulsbury, Sherman,
Sm-ajrue, Stewart,' Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey,
and Williams—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ferry, Grimes, Guthrie, Hen-
derson, Hendricks, and Riddle—6.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
amend the resolution by inserting in lieu of
"the first Monday of December" the "first
Monday of November."
Mr. JOHNSON. That is the time when
nearly all the State elections are held, and it
will be very difficult to get a quorum here.
Every member, I suppose, would like to be in
his own State when the election is taking
place. I think they pretty much all take place
in November.
Mr. CONNESS. Let us have the yeas and
nays on this amendment.-
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to ask the
Senator from Vermont what recommendation,
in his estimation, this proposition has? I ask
him whether it does not involve all the incon-
veniences of the proposition we have just voted
down, without any corresponding benefits? It
would bring us here one month, or about one
month, earlier than usual. In the State of
New York the most important election in many
respects we have had for years is to occur on
a day later than that which the Senator pro-
poses, an election at which we are to vote upon
tho ratification of a new constitution ; at which
we are to elect a new Senate and a new Legis-
lature throughout, and nearly all the State offi-
cers. In addition to that, it is the harvest of
almost every seedtime—I speak of commercial
business and all sorts of business. No matter
what a man may do, according to the usages of
our community> just a.bout tlift timo the Sens."
tor proposes is the important time for himin
casting up the accounts of the whole year. The
courts are in session then, and every sort of
business is in that situation that no moie in-
convenient time to leave home could be found
in the calendar than the first Monday of No-
vember.
Mr. President-, as I am up I want to say one .
other word about this matt$r. The first Moh-
day of December occurs about the same time
of year now that it did fifty or sixty years ago;
and the men who fixed that day at "£hat: time
for the meeting of Congress considered care-
fally,and I think experience has shown wisely,
the time which thejr fixed. If there is any-
thing extraordinary in this year which we are
called upon to accept and to admit that, we, are
called upon to do extraordinary things, so be
it; but for one I do not believe it. I believe
that there is power, that there is good result
in adjourning, as we generally adjourn, to the
ordinary time; to the end ftiat the country,
the commercial, the business, and the political
community may have some repose. An ex-
traordinary session at any time brings up before
all classes of men that kind of legislation which
they may dread. If a man is afraid of a tariff
he surmises that that is the occasion for the
session. If he is afraid that the national banks
or the currency may be disturbed he imagines
that that is the occasion. Now, I should like
to have an arrangement which will leaves as
far as we can leave, repose to the country, and
not have a condition of things putting men into
a fever, and making every other man afraid to
buy anything in the spring for fear he cannot
sell it for as much in the fall, owing to some-
thing that may take place in the way of legis-
lation in the mean time. I hope we shall '
adjourn until the ordinary time, unless some
provision is wanted by which, in case of an
extraordinary emergency, we cancometogether
for that and for nothing else. For one, I an-
ticipate no extraordinary emergency; I do not
see how any can arise ; and I am entirely ready
to vote for the ordinary adjournment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That is an ex-
traordinarily long question to answer. [Laugh-
ter.] I perceive that the Senator from New
York has not asked the question so much to
receive information as to give information to
the Senate on the negative side of the question.
I am very glad, Mr. President, to think and
believe that Senators will see that the amend-
ment proposed by me needs no argument and
no illustration. I supposed it was perfectly
obvious upon the face of it. The reason for
it is that we shall thereby have one month of
labor in November instead of in June or July.
I think it would be well that we should make
a permanent law on the subject, and have our
sessions always commence on the first Monday
of November.
Mr. CONKLING. Is there any reason for
it this year more than any other ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Idonotmake
the proposition in' view of any special reason
for it this year, but for general reasons. I
hope it will be adopted.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 27 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cole, Cragin, Drake, Edmunds,
Harlan, Howe, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Patterson of New Hampshire, Pomeroy.
Ross, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Wade, Wilson, and
Yates—18. _ , , _
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Backaletf, Cameron,
Cattell, Chandler, Conkling, Conness, Corbett, Davis,
Dixon, Fessenden, Frelinghuyson, Howard, Johnson,
Morgan, Norton, Nyo, Patterson of Tennessee, Ram-
sey, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Trum-
bull, Van Winkle, Willey, and Williams—27. ,
ABSENT—Messrs. Doolittle, Ferry, Fpwler, Grimes,
Guthrie,^Henderson, Hendricks, and Riddle—8.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to amend the res-
olution by striking out all after the word "that"
immediately following the resolving clause and
inserting:
The President of tho Senate and the Speaker of tha
House of Representatives, on Thursday tho 28th day
of March, at twelve o'clock meridian, adjourn their
respeetiyeHouses until the first Monday ot June, and
that on that day unless it be then otherwise ordered
by the two Houses, they further adjourn their re-
spective Houses until the first Monday of December,
1867.
Mr. CONNESS- I ask for the yeas and
nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Cole, Drake,
