304
TJ5E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
Fowler, Harlan, Howe, Morton, Pomeroy, Ross, Snm-
nei\ Thayer, Wilson, And Yates—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Buokalew, Cattell, Connesa, Oor-
bett, Cragin, Davis. Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds. Fes-
senden, Frolinghuysen, Hendorson, Howard, John-
son, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Norton, Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire, Patterson
of Tennessee. Ramsey, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague,
Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey, and
Williams—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Conkline, Ferry,
Grimes, Guthrie, Hendricks, Eiddle, and^Wade—8.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. SHERMAN and otters. Oh, no! let
us dispose of this resolution.
Mr. CHANDLEB. I hope this question
will not be disposed of now. I do not think
we are in a situation at this time to decide
when we shall adjourn. To adjourn now until
the first Monday of December, is to declare to
the country that we liave full faith in the Execu-
tive and in the present management of affairs.
I do not believe the country has that faith even
if the Congress of the United States has. Cer-
tainly one half of the offices in my State are
unfilled, internal revenue offices, post offices,
and custom-houses; and so it is in other States.
We are paid to remain here by the year to
attend to the public business, and I do not
believe the country expects us to leave our
posts when there is danger to the finances or
to any other department of the Government.
I insist on my motion that the Senate now pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. MORTON. I am in favor of now pro-
ceeding to the consideration of executive busi-
ness simply for the purpose of allowing us an
opportunity for the further consideration cf
this question. It was asked a few minutes
ago by the Senator from New York what rea-
son there was for meeting earlier this year
than the ordinary period. Let me ask what
reason there was for providing for this session
of Congress at all ? The last session thought
there was reason for it; the country thought
there was reason for it. I was opposed to the
proposition made by the House of .Representa-
tives a lew days ago t,o adjourn until the first
Monday in May ; but I am equally opposed to
adjourning over until the first Monday in De-
cember. The times are extraordinary. We
have never had such a condition of things be-
fore, and I hope we shall never have again.
We are trying a new system on ten States; we
have provided for their military government;
we have adopted a system of reconstruction
which we hope and believe will work well;
but if there ever was a time when Congress
should come together at an early period for
the purpose of supervising the condition of
the country that time is now.
My experience here is very brief; but I have
always heard it said that there was scarcely
anything done between the first Monday of De-
cember and the meeting after the Christmas
holidays; the time being short, but little is
expccted to be done during that period, and
but little is done. I should very much prefer
meeting about the middle of October and get-
ting through earlier the next spring. There
may be a condition of things in the southern
States that would imperiously require the pres-
ence of Congress before the first Monday of
December, and I agree entirely with the Sen-
ator from Michigan that the people do not ex-
pect this Congress to adjourn over until De-
cember. The times are critical; the condition
of the country is entirely anomalous; it is not
an ordinary season, in which we can afford to
take our repose at home, as suggested by the
Senator from New York. I am therefore op-
posed to adjourning over until the first Monday
in December; and for the purpose of getting
time for the further consideration of this ques-
tion I hope we shall go into executive session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I-hope we shall dis-
pose of this matter now. What time is wanted
for further consideration ? We have been con-
sidering it ever sines the session commenced.
In one way and another it has been under con-
sideration all the time, and it has been gen-
erally understood I believe that when the bill
which has been passed over the President's
veto to-day should be finally disposed of, we
could then fix the day of adjournment, for
there would be nothing left on which it was
particularly necessary for us to act. As to the
remark of the Senator from Michigan, that the
executive business is not disposed of, let me
say that that is of no manner of consequence
with regard to this resolution, because if the
executive business is not disposed of by the
time indicated for the adjournment the Presi-
dent can call the Senate together, and will be
very likely to do so by proclamation as soon
as the time of adjournment is fixed, and the
Senate will then meet in order to dispose of
that business ; but it is unnecessary to keep
the House of Representatives here for that
purpose. That argument, therefore, does not
seem to apply.
Now, Mr. President, I see no necessity for
our fixing a day for the meeting of Congress
other than the ordinary day on which we meet
in the winter. If I believed the majority would
have sustained my opinion, I would have
agreed to the proposition of the Senator from
Vermont, to meet on the first Monday in No-
vember, not for any reason applicable to the
condition of the country, but simply for the
purpose of gaining time at the beginning of
the session, rather than protracting our session
late into the next year: but I was satisfied that
that proposition would not carry in either
branch, and therefore I did not vote for it.
I must say, sir, that I do not believe the
people have any expectation about this ques-
tion. I know it is the fashion for gentlemen
to talk about what the people expect. I should
like to know what authority they have to speak
for the people upon this subject. I do not
undertake to speak for the people of Maine ; I
believe that they are willing to leave a question
of this kind to the discretion of myself and
my colleague here, and of the Representatives
of Maine in the other House. They are apt to
think that we are the better judges of such a
subject, having the matter all before us, and
are not disposed, generally to complain of the
action which we think it wise to adopt. I have
heard this argument about what the people
expect of us a great many times, and it has
just exactly this effect upon my mind: if I am
satisfied that that feeling exists, and that it is
a just and proper one, and ought to be fol-
lowed, I am disposed of course to follow it;
but I see no evidence of any opinion expressed
on the part of the masses of the community on
this subject.
We have been in session for a very con-
siderable period since the regular adjourn-
ment. We have transacted our business.
What particular matter is there to call us to-
gether in the intermediate time between this
and the winter? The Senator from Michigan
himself voted in favor of meeting in October.
If any mischief can be done, that mischief
can be done just as well between this time and
October as it can between this time and De-
cember. We have accomplished all that gen-
tlemen wished to have accomplished. The
President's hands are tied with reference to
appointments; we have passed a bill which
provides for that; and in reference to the con-
dition of affairs iii the South, we have provided
for the protection of our fellow-citizens there,
and for the institution of republican govern-
ments there, upon which the people of those
States cannot act conclusively before we shall
meet in December, the usual time. I see noth-
ing in the world that apparently calls upon us
to fix an earlier day. If anything should occur
in the political world or in connection with
other peoples that would require that we
should be called together, I have no doubt the
President would call us together; but nothing
except something totally unlooked for that we
cannot now anticipate seems in my judgment
to call upon us to fix a different day from the
usual one. I think it would be more dignified,
more consistent with the perfect idea of tha
satisfaction of Congress that it has done its
auty and provided for the protection of the
people from now until the usual time when we
meet again, to meet at.the usual time or some-
where near it, even taking it for granted that
any injury can be done to us or the people of
the country between now and that period. I
hope, therefore, as this question is up, and I
have no doubt every Senator has made up his
mind upon it, we shall proceed to settle it one
way or the other, and not have it hanging here
by the eyelids to be talked about any longer.
Mr. STEWART. I rise simply to suggest
to the Senator from Indiana that in my opin-
ioij, so far as reconstruction is concerned, the
best thing we can do is to go away until De-
cember. While we are here resolutions and
propositions will be constantly presented on
that subject, keeping everything in uncertainty,
and the southern people, expecting that we will
do something else, will be waiting for that.
What we have done satisfies me, and I believe
satisfies the country; and I think it would be
better for all parties for us now to wait and see
if it satisfies the southern people. Let them
discuss it among themselves without regard to
any change that may be made by Congress.
I think, so far as reconstruction is concerned,
the sooner we leave here the better, and it is
proper we should stay away the usual length
of time. So far as that matter is concerned I
think it highly important, if what we have done
is satisfactory, as I believe it is, that the south-
ern people should have time to reflect upon it.
They can do no harm. If when we return wo
find that anything has been done wrong, if
anybody shall have failed to do his duty, the
matter can be dealt with by Congress. Sitting
here continuously, or coming here at an unu-
sual time and agitating this question, will, I
fear, place us in a false position and make our
work less effective than it otherwise would be.
I believe the proper thing to be done now is
to adjourn until the usual time for the meeting
of Congress, and I hope that motion will pre-
vail. If we meet in November or at an earlier
day it will inconvenience several States, espe-
cially those on the Pacific. California has a
very important election in October.
Mr. COLE. In September.
Mr. STEWART. I should hare said Sep-
tember ; and her members might possibly be
here by November, but it would be hurrying
them too much. There are many State elec-
tions in November, and if that is the time for
the meeting of Congress it disarranges the
arrangements of many gentlemen. I think if
we meet in November nothing will be gained,
because nothing will be done anyhow before
the holidays, and it will only interfere with
the arrangements of gentlemen.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mich-
igan, that the Senate proceed to the consider-
ation of executive business.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being
on a division—ayes 14, noes 31.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Illinois.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to record
my vote against the resolution. I do not be-
lieve the country expects us to desert our posts
at this time. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DRAKE. Without wishing to protract
the debate on this subject I would say a word.
I would like to know from these gentlemen who
were members of the Thirty-Ninth Congress
that passed the law requiring this session to bo
held, what the object of it was? If we ara to
come here and sit two or three weeks and then
leave our posts until next December, I do not
understand why that thing should have been
done.
Mr. RAMSEY. It was done to get an or-
ganization.
Mr. DRAKE. - I understood, and the peo-
ple in the region of country from which I come
understood, that the exigencies of the country
\
