1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
m
demanded that Congress should keep itself in
a position to put its hand on the affairs of the
country at any moment; that it was hot re-
garded that the affairs of the country were safe in
tile hands of the Administration, and that this
session of Congress was called so that Congress
might be in a position to take part in the affairs
of the country at any critical moment which
might arise. And now the proposition is to ad-
journ over till next Decembei". I presume that it
may be a matter of indifference to some Sena-
tors on this floor what their people think about
this matter. It is not a matter of indifference
to me what the people whom I represent in
part here think about it. I say, sir, that in the
great region iu which I reside, in the valley of
the Mississippi, the universal belief was that
this session of Congress was provided for the
purpose -I have named; and that we should
now turn round and abandon that purpose,
leaving everything iu the hands of an Admin-
istration in whom the great mass of the people
^ave not confidence seems to me to be disap-
pointing the just expectations of the people.
Mr. YATES. I concur in what the Senator
from Missouri has said on this subject, The
object of the present session of Congress, if I
understood it, was to enable Congress to con-
trol the affairs of the country. Now, sir, can
we adjourn with the assurance that all tilings
will go forward smoothly to the best interests
of the country? In whose hands are we leav-
ing the interests of the country? In the hands
of an executive officer who, upon this_ very
day when we propose to adjourn, hurls in our
faces his defiance, and vetoes the action of the
two Houses of Congress. Sir, the legislation
■which we have adopted depends for its enforce-
ment upon the action of the Piesident ot the
United States. Have we any guarantee that
he will enforce that legislation properly? Does
" his past conduct justify us in the belief that he
will enforce the legislation of Congress faith-
fully? Is there any evidence that he desires
to carry out the legislation ot Congress? I ho
last- Congress and this Congress have passed
measures which, if properly carried out, would
endear them to the people of the country.^ Cor-
rect principles have triumphed. The policy of
universal suffrage has triumphed; it now only
remains to cariy out that policy. It is only
one year ago since it was proposed in the first
instance, and now it has triumphed. But, sir,
how is the policy of universal suffrage to be
carried out in the South when it depends for
its enforcement and execution upon those who
are opposed to it? Is the President friendly to
this policy? Has he not the appointment of
the officers who are to execute this policy, and
who are to carry it out? And shall the repre-
sentatives of the American people rely upon
the enemies of the policy which they have
adopted for its faithful execution?
I do not agree with the Senator from Maine.
I do not believe that the President of the Uni-
ted States will, under any circumstances what-
ever, call this Congress together. 1 do not like
to oppose my opinion to his; but, sir, I feel a
consciousness that never, under any cireum-
stances, will the President of the United States
call this Congress together again. Why call it
together when he vetoes every measure that it
passes? Why call it together when hedoes
not agree with this Congress in any particular
■whatever? .
The Senator from Maine may say that he i
cares not what the people expect on this sub- j
iect. Sir  ., . I
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have said no such
YATES. The Senator from Maine has
stated that he does not suppose the people are
as anxious on this subject -as gentlemen pre-
tfiMr. FESSENDEN". If the Senator will allow
me, I was speaking of what was stated here. I
stated that 1 had no evidence upon that subject
at all, and that when Senators chose to say it 1
was not convinced that that was the fact, ihat
was the idea. .
Mr. YATES. I do not wish to misrepresent
40th Cong. 1st Sess.—-No. 20.
the honorable Senator; but I do wish to say
that due deference to a public opinion which
we ourselves have created is to oe expected.
This opinion we have manufactured, or we
have participated in its manufacture. We have
charged the President of the United States with
being guilty of the usurpation of powers which
belong to the Congress of the United States.
We know that he is opposed to every measure
of any important character which has been in-
augurated and adopted by the present Congress
of the United States. And now, sir, after this
session has been created for the purpose of
carrying out the measures of Cdhgress, and
when the execution of those measures depends
upon the action of the President himself, we
propose to go home and leave the execution of
those laws in his hands. He is the Commander-
in-Chief of the Army of the United States. He
appoints the military officers to execute our
laws. He may, if he chooses, appoint Sheridan
and Schofield and other loyalmen now and re-
move them to-morrow. He is not in favor of
the doctrines for which we have contended. lie
contends that these States arc in the Union
now, that they are entitled to representation
now, and by his numerous vetoes, by his per-
sistent policy, he has all the time maintained
that position. And now when we yield, when
we surrender all into his hands, when we retire
from on r posts of duty and leave to him the
execution of these laws, are we to suppose that
he will do it faithfully and honestly?
Sir, I know that the people expect that we
will stand by our posts, especially at this par-
ticular crisis. 1 believe it is the duty of this
Congress never to surrender the position which
they have assumed while there is an enemy in
the country who stands in the way of the Cov-
ernment and of lhe faithful carrying out ot the.
measures which have been inaugurated, \vho-
ever that man be, whether he be the I resident
of the United States or any other person, who
stands in the path of this country for union,
to honor, and to glory, should be taken out of
the way. I am not saying how. 01 course 1
mean by constitutional and proper means.^
am not saying that the President shall be im-
peached ; but I am saying that while it is in
our power to carry out the policy which we
have inaugurated, to secure suffrage to all the
people of the South, to organize the Crovern-
ment and the States lately in rebellion upon
the principles of republicanism, by simply ad-
iourning over to a shorter period than usuuU
if we do-not do it, and if our policy of recon-
struction shall thereby fail, then, sir, the re-
sponsibility will be on us. It will be a 'earlul
responsibility. We shall be responsible for all
the blood that has been shed in this war and
for all the money that has been expended.
Sir, I should like to go home; I should like
to leave this scene of discord as mv\cli as the
honorable Senator from Maine or any other
Senator upon this floor; but my duty demands |
that I shall stay here or make provision that I
can come here, if needed, unUl I know that
the legislation which has been adopted by this
Congress has been earned out; that what we
have done has not been done in vain ; that we
are not holding out to the country some delu-
sive hope that we have settled the difficulties
bv which the country is embarrassed, and
retire to our homes. In my opinion it would
be an act of moral and political cowardice to
desert the ship of state when the storms nave
not vet disappeared.
I am therefore opposed to this adjournment.
I will not say, as some have said, for I will not
put arguments into the mouths of our political
opponents, that to adjourn tinder present cir-
cumstances would be an acquiescence m the
assertion that the charges we have made against
the President have no foundation m tact, i
will not say so. because I know it is not the
intention of honorable Senators to ma.ke that
admission by this adjournment: but, sir, hom
one end of this country to the other every
Democratic paper will cry out, Youi charges
were false: they were groundless: you have
admitted it by your adjournment: you have
intrusted the execution of your laws into the
hands of him whom you have declared to be
an enemy of your policy and who himself has
signiBed his opposition by vetoing almost every
important measure which you yourselves have
adopted."
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to ask my hon-
orable friend from Illinois, before he takes his
seat, against the action of what department of
the Government It is that he wishes to preserve
the interests and the honor of his country; and I
know that I cannot propound that question to a
gentleman of more enlarged heart and noble
patriotism than the honorable Senator from
Illinois. Who is this enemy that, like the ser-
Iliinoio. vv uu 10 vuia mot) wc ou
pent amid the trees of Eden, is winding himself
through our Paradise ? Who is it, I ask the Sen-
ator, that has unpatriotic motives, unpatriotic
intentions against theliberty, thefreedom, or the
happiness of his country? Why is this invocation
made to the legislative department of the coun-
try to keep in perpetual session that no detriment
shall come to the public? My honorable friend
has indicated. It seems that at the other end
of the avenue there is an occupant of a house
whose patriotic intentions he questions. I ask
him to state authoritatively to, the American
people whether he means to charge upon the
Executive of the United States either a desire
or a design, through the reccss of Congress, to
do aught that would not conduce to the glory,
the honor, and the greatness of his and our
common country?
I do not wish to enter into a discussion of
this question at this lato hour,_ but tf foroed to
the rencontre, having served in this body with
that distinguished gentleman before he was
President, never having received any favor
from him nor for any friend of mine since he
has been President to the host of my knowl-
edge, I shall not be wanting in a vindication
of his character, which, whatever I may think
of his political principles or political action,
I have always admired as noble and patriotic.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Michigan
and the Senator from Illinois invoke us not to
desert our posts. For my part I have no inten-
tion of deserting. The invocation led me to
inquire of myself what our post is. I supposed
it to be the post of legislation, nothing more
nor less. If there were legislation yet required
for the honor or the peace or the welfare of
the country, the appeal to us not to desert or
not to go home would be timely; but no Sen-
ator suggests anything of the kind.
I have voted for each of the amendments
which have been moved here; but each of
those amendments had reference, not to the
time when we shall adjourn, but to the time to
which we shall adjourn. All arc agreed that
we have nothing more to do now in the way ot
legislation. All agree that we can safely leave
here next week. That is admitted. But some
Senators imagine that we ought to come back
in November; some that wo ought to come
j back in October; some that there may be a
possibility of our being wanted here in June.
There may be that possibility, there is that pos-
sibility, that we may be needed here in June;
and I voted for the amendment which would
provide for our coming back here in June it
that contingency should arise. I voted for the
amendment which proposed to bring us back
here in October, and tor the other which pro-
posed to bring us back in November.
But I concur with all the rest of the Senate
in the belief that there is nothing for us to do
now as a Legislature. The legislation ot the
session is done. Why not leave here. It is
not seriously proposed, is it, that, having done
up the work of legislation for the country, the
Congress of the United States is now to under-
take to run the executive department of the
Government, is to resolve itself into a sort ot
pieket guard upon the President, art m aid-
de-camps for the Commander-in-Chief? iou
have declared what laws .you want enforced.
The Senator from Illinois says that it we leave
it to the President to execute those laws we
concede that all our charges have been ground-
less Whv, sir, in the name of the Oonstitu-
