1867.
THE 'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sot
for a long time ; but I proposed ail adjourn-
ment so that if the Senate deem it necessary
to discuss this question we may have a full
opportunity to do so on Monday. I shall not,
however, persist in the motion.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Maine
not only stated that the President-would call a
session of the Senate to attend to executive
business, hut he stated that if there was a
necessity for action on legislative business the
President would call a session of Congress for
that purpose, as I understood him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state what I said,
or at any rate what I meant to say, and what
I think I did say. I spoke of the executive
business of the Senate, and I said that the
President would undoubtedly, in case of ne-
cessity, immediately convoke the Senate to
attend to that business. Then I said that there
was nothing in the present condition of the
country to satisfy mo that there would be any
necessity for a legislative session before the
regular time for the meeting of Congress ;
that it could only be necessary in the case of
some unforeseen emergency which would ren-
der it necessary; and that I had no doubt in
case such an emergency should arise the Pres-
ident would convene Congress. I repeat it, I
have no doubt of it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Precisely. That was
as I understood the Senator.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And I illustrated that
particularly by speaking in regard to our for-
eign rotations, in which a contingency might
arise which is now unforeseen.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the President in good
faith carries out these laws that he has himself
over and over and over again declared to be
unconstitutional, no man here or out of this
body supposes that there will be a necessity
for an extra session. If that necessity arises,
it will bo because the President fails to exe-
cute the laws which in every veto message he
has sent to us he has declared to be unconsti-
tutional.
A few weeks ago I offered a resolution in
this body instructing the Committee on the
Judiciary to inquire whether the President had
any right, under the Constitution or under the
laws, to appoint provisional governors of the
rebel States. The Senate did not desire that
investigation to be made at that time; but
since then both Houses of Congress have de-
clared by a majority of more than three to one
that he had no power, no right under the Con-
stitution or under the laws, to appoint a pro-
visional governor. If the President of the
United States had intended or had desired to
call Congress together on any emergency, would
he not have called them together when he de-
sired to appointprovisionalgovcrnors? Would
he not then have invited Congress to come in and
aid him in the great work of reconstruction ?
Mr. President, it is an insult to this body to
even intimate that the President would call an
extra session of Congress to right a wrong
that he himself has committed. It is because
ho does not execute laws which he has declared
unconstitutional that that emergency will have
arisen. By leaving our posts at this time we
declare to the country that we have confidence
in Andrew Johnson, the acting President of
the United States. The people of the_nation
have declared by an overwhelming majority that
they have not confidence in Andrew Johnson,
acting President of th'e United States. Now,
either this Congress is in the wrong or Andrew
Johnson is in the wrong; either this Con-
gress is criminal or Andrew Johnson is crim-
inal ; for we stand antipodal in our positions
before the nation. The country to-day believes
that Congress is iu the right and that the Presi-
dent is in the wrong. Let us leave our posts,
place the entire Government in the hands of
Andrew J ohnson for eight or nine mouths, and
what inference will be drawn by the people of
the land ? That we have confidence in the man
whom they have declared that they have no
confidence whatever in. _
Sir, I do not wish to prolong this discussion,
but there are other reasons why wo should
remain. ' I believe that the Treasury of the
United Stales was never in so much danger as
it is to-day. A set of men have been placed
in the management of even the minor offices
under the Treasury Department who not only
have not the confidence of the eommunitiesin
which they live, but who have violated every
principle of right and justice. The Treasury,
in my judgment, has suffered more than fifty
million dollars within the last twelve months
from the incompetency and criminality of the
men who have been placed in office by the
present Secretary of the Treasury. Sir, he has
placed men all along our northern frontier to
protect our customs who have permitted smug-
gling to go on to an extent that was never seen
before. He has placed men to assess and col-
lect our internal revenue who could not be
trusted at home or anywhere else. Sir, 1 thank
God that we are not responsible for the present
management of the Treasury; but the country
will not hold us guiltless if knowing these facts
we leave our posts and leave this vast machine
of the Treasury in the hands of incompetent
or improper men.
As I said before, I do not wish to prolong
this discussion; but I wish to record my vote
against the proposition to adjourn the present
Congress at this time.
Mr. SUMNER. I am against the resolu-
tion. In my opinion Congress ought not to
adjourn and go home without at least some
provision for a return to our post. As often as
i think of this question, I am met by two con-
trolling " facts." 1 speak now of facts which
stave us in the face.
You must not forget that our President is a
bad man. This is the first " fact." lie is a
bad man, who is the author of incalculable
woe to his country, and especially to that part
which has been most tried by war and most
needed kindly care. Search history and 1 am
sure that you will find no ruler, who during the
same short space of time has done so much
mischief to his country. He stands alone in
bad eminence. Nobody in ancient or modem
times can be his parallel. Alone in the evil he
has done, he'is also alone in the maudlin and
frantic manner which he has adopted. Look at
his acts and read his speeches. This is enough.
Such is the fact. And now I ask can Con-
gress quietly vote to go home and leave this
bad man without liinderance of any kind?
These scenes are historic. His conduct is his-
toric. Permit me to remind- you that your
course with regard to him will be historic. It
can never be forgotten if you keep your seats
and meet the usurper face to face ; it can never
be forgotten if, leaving your seats, you lot him
remain master to do as he pleases. Most of
all, he covets your absence. Do not indulge
him.
Then comes the other "fact," which is tins:
there is at this momenta numerous population—
counted by millions ; call it, if you please, eight
millions—which looks to Congress for protec-
tion. Of this large population, all the loyal peo-
ple stretch out their hands to Congress. They
ask you to stay. They know by instinct that so
long as you remain in your seats they are not
without protection. They have suffered already
through the President, who when they needed
bread has given them a stone, and when they
needed tranquil peace has given them strife.
They have seen him offer encouragement to
rebels, and even set the rebellion on its legs.
Their souls have been wrung as they saw fel-
low-citizens brutally sacrificed, where their only
crime was that they loved the Union : some-
times the sacrifice was on. a small scale, and
sometimes by wholesale. Witness llemphis ;
witness New Orleans. Ay, sir, witness the
whole broad cpuntry from the Potomac to the
Rio Grande.
In presence of these two ' facts; with a
usurping President menacing the Republic,
and with a large population, counted by mil-
lions, looking to Congress for protection, I
dare not vote to go home. It is my duty to
stay here. I am sure that our presence here
will be an encauragement and a comfort to
loyal people throughout theSe troubled States.
They will feel that they are'not left alone with
their deadly enemy. Home is always tempt'
ing. It is pleasant to escape from care. But
duty is more than home or any escape from
care. As often as I think of these temptations;
I feel their insignificance by the side of solemn
obligations. There is the President; he must
be watched and opposed. There is an o ppressed
people ; it must be protected. But this cannot
bo done without effort on the part of Congress.
"Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty."
Never was there more occasion for this vigi
lance than now.
An admirable and most suggestive engraving
has been placed on our tables to-day, in Har-
per's Weekly, where President Johnson is rep-
resented as a Roman emperor presiding in the
amphitheater with imperatorial pomp, and sur-
rounded by his trusty counselors, among
whom it is easy to distinguish the Secretary of
State and Secretary of the Navy, all of whom
look with complacency at the butchery below.
The victims are black, and their sacrifice, as
gladiators, makes a "Roman holiday." Be-
neath this picture is written uAmpMtticatrum
Johnsonianum, Massacre of the Innocents at
New Orleans, July, 1866." This inscription
tells the terrible story. The bloody scene is
before you. The massacre proceeds under the
patronage of the President. His presidential
rod is the law. At his will blood spirts and
men bite the dust. But this is only a single
scene in one place. Wherever in the rebel
Slates there is a truly loyal citizen, who loves
the Union, there is a victim who may be called
to suffer at any moment, from that hard-hearted
malignant spirit which now rules. I speak
according to the evidence. This whole country
is an Amphithcatrum Johnsonianum, where
the victims are counted by thousands. To my
mind there is no duty more urgent than to
guard against this bad man and be ready to
throw the shield of Congress over the loyal
citizens whom he delivers to sacrifice.
Mr. J OIINSON. I do not know, Mr. Presi-
dent, upon what authority the honorable mem-
ber fiom Massachusetts asserts so positively
that by adjourning wo are to leave unprotected
eight million people, aud leave them subject
to a man who has been over t'nem a despot.
1 know not by what authority he states that
that man, and to adopt the phraseology he has
thought proper to adopt, is a bad man and is
determined not to discharge his duty. As far
as the first charge is concerned I deny it to be
a fact that he has failed to protect eight mil-
lion or any greater or lessor number of people
to the whole extent of his power of protection.
Wo have, however, by legislation made it his
duty to see to the execution of the laws which
we have now passed by which we have extended
over them an unmixed military power. As
Commander-in-Chief he is under an obligation
to sec that these laws are executed. The offi-
cers in whose hands he has placed the execu-
tion of them are men who have tested their
loyalty to the Union 011 many and many a bat-
tle-field, and would rather die a thousand times
than abandon a duty which involved that loy-
altv now. The General-in-Chief of the Army
of'the United States, holding in one respect a
command subordinate to that of the President
of the United States, stands firmly sealed in
the hearts and confidence of the people; and it
is not for a moment to be supposed that ho
would fail to perform to the utmost the whole
of the duty which Congress has cast upon liim.
I do not know by what authority the honor-
able member from Michigan has \enlured to
assert that the President of the United States
will not execute these laws on the ground that
he has failed to approve of them in consequence
of his believing that they are unconstitutional.
I suppose I am at liberty to refer to conversa-
tions which it has been my privilege to hold
with that distinguished functionary, and to state
that when I, in a spirit of friendship, and, as I
hope, of patriotism, suggested to him thar no
should state in the message, which I under-
stood he proposed to send in assigning his
