308
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
reasons why tie was unable to approve the
laws in question, that, they would be equally
valid if they were afterward passed by the re-
quired constitutional majority as if tliey should
receive his appsoval, his answer was, "I have
done that in every instance; the Constitution
provides that a law shall be as valid without
as with presidential approval, provided the
Congressof the United States afterward pass it
by the required majority; and he was unwill-
ing to make that particular instance an excep-
tion to what h^d been his rule before, because,
as he said, he almost considered it an insult to
suppose that he would not execute a law passed
by Congress constitutionally; and as an evi-
dence that he means to carry out what he said
he would accomplish, let me refer to the fact
that in the shortest moment possible after your
law was passed extending military rule over
these States, and in exact accordance with the
provisions of that law, he appointed to the
command of the military districts which were
created five officers entirely acceptable, as I
have no doubt, to the American people, and
they are now severally in the discharge of their
respective duties.
Now, as to the suggestion made by the hon-
orable member from Nevada, that before we
can assemble again the Supremo Court of the
United States, m the month of April or in the
month of May, may be called upon to decide,
and may decide, that the laws in question are
unconstitutional, the honorable member should
recollect that that tribunallias no original juris-
diction iu a case of that description ; and the
only way in which the question can be brought
before them is by a suit instituted in some of
the courts below, either State or national, and
brought by a writ of error to the Snpreme Court
of the United States. As the law stands, such
writs of error can only be brought lo the term
of the Supreme Court succeeding the term of
the State or national court at which the decis-
ion is had; and there is therefore 110 possible
case in which the question can be brought
before that tribunal before wo shall assemble
here in December.
Then the only other ground why wo should not
adjourn until the regular time of adjournment
is the one which has been stated by several
Senators on the floor, that wc are to watch the
President. Watch him how? We have, if it
can be called watching, taken from liim by
legislation powers which, from the beginning
of the Government up to the period of that
legislation, had been exercised by every other
President without any protest, much less legis-
lation, 011 the part of Congress; and he has
now no power left except the mere power of
seeing that the laws are faithfully executed;
and the question with him in reference to any
of those laws is, is it a law in the sense of the
Constitution; and that he will decide, as every
man in his situation would be compelled to
dceidc, by ascertaining whether the law was
constitutionally passed; and coming to that
decision, as an officer and as a citizen, he would
be bound to comply with it until it should bo
annulled by some judicial decision. 1 believe,
therefore, as much as I believe in any fact in
the future, that the President of the United
States will as faithfully discharge the duty im-
posed upon him by those laws as 1 believe that
the honorable member from Massachusetts will
discharge any duty which he supposes to be
devolved upon him.
Now, sir, as to the President of the United
States having lost the entire confidence of the
country, and as to the country desiring that
we should come back at an early day, there
may be differences of opinion. It may bo that
in the judgment of a majority of the people,
however they may disapprove of the conduct
of the Executive in the past or in the future
prospectively, looking to the State of things
now existing, they are exceedingly anxious
that Congress shall adjourn. 1 am of that
opinion. Prom the information given to me
by gentlemen belonging to the Republican
party, and by a large portion of the press
which entertain the opinions of that party, they
desire Congress to adjourn, I will not say be-
cause they are dissatisfied with what Congress
has done, but because they believe that Con-
gress has done all that is necessary to protect
the country, and they fear that if it remains
here longer it may do something that will have
a contrary result. Trade is now m a state of
stagnation in all the larger cities, and it is said
principally to be owing to the apprehension
entertained as to what Congress will do. I
hope, then, that we may adjourn to the day
named.
Mr. YATES. I disagree with gentlemen as
to the reason why this session of Congress was
called, and I think it does no harm to let the
country understand the truth about that mat-
ter. While I do not accuse my peers of stat-
ing what was untrue in regard to that point, 1
think there may be a difference of opinion as
to the reasons why the present Congress was
called together. There can be no dispute in
my mind as to what the controlling reason
was; and no Senator will deny that it was a
want of confidence in the President of the
United States in his honest determination to
faithfully execute the laws of Congress. It
was because of a want of confidence among
ourselves and among the people of the United
States in the President, because he had aban-
doned the Union party, because he had gone
over to the enemies of this country, bccause
he was conniving witli rebels to thwart the
desires and designs of the Union people of
the United States. Sir, there stands out in
broad and bold relief before this country that
great reason why Congress is here to-day. It
cannot be denied; it is a fact; it is history,
and it will bo history forever.
In view of that reason why should Congress
abandon its purpose; why should it give up its
session ; why should Senators and Represent-
atives retire from their seats here when the
reason for which they were called together still
exists in full force ? Has the country any more
confidence in the President now than it had
when this session was called together? What
has ho done to inspire new confidence? Is it
veto after veto of your measures? Is it con-
formity to the wishes and designs and devices
of the rebels of this country? Are we anymore
satisfied to-day than we were when this session
was callcd together that the President will
faithfully cooperate with Congress in the exe-
cution of the laws which it has passed? Are
we satisfied that he is any more the friend of
tlie country to-day than ho was when this ses-
sion was called together? Sir, the same rea-
son exists to-day that existed a month ago or
six months ago, and in greater force. Why?
I will tell you why.
If this Congress shall maintain its position
before the country, I do not say keep in con-
tinuous session, but if it shall preserve its
position to protect the country, the laws you
have passed will be executed, faithfully exe-
cuted. If not, if we abandon our posts, if we
leave this Government in the hands of an Ex-
ecutive who sympathizes with the policy and
views of our enemies, who believes that rebels
and traitors, with the blood of our own Union
soldiers upon their hands, are now entitled to
seats upon this floor without any qualifica-
tions or conditions or oaths of allegiance to
the country, 1 for one do not know what the
result may be. I confess 1 cannot see any
reason now for our adjournment which did
not exist when this session was called together.
I maintain that what I have stated was the
reason why this session was called; and now
shall we go before the country and say that
that was not a sufficient reason, or that it has
ceased to exist when in point of fact it still
exists in greater force than at any other time,
when upon this very day that you propose to
adjourn the President hurls his bolts of defiance
in your faces, and tells you that your action,
your law, is unconstitutional, and of course,
therefore, ought not be enforced? If he en-
forces it at all it will be that feeble enforce-
ment which will not do good, which will not
accomplish the designs and the objects of the
Union men of this,country. We appoint him
and his agents to securc the boon of universal
suffrage to a long-oppressed race. Will he do it?
While we, in the exercise of that vigilance of
which the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts has spoken, have stood at our posts, we
have curbed the abuses of executive power. Y es,
sir, we have seen the effect of our being here ;
we have seen that Congress has been potent,
to some extent, to restrain the usurpations of
the President and the injuries which he might
otherwise inflict, upon the country. I main-
tain now, and shall ever believe, that it will
be a fatal step if, under all the circumstances
of the case, after Congress has promulgated
these very opinions which the people now
entertain as to the President and his policy,
we leave our posts. It will be an act of moral
and political cowardice, I repeat, which the
people will and ought to hold us responsible
foi'. I say again, I do not propose a contin-
uous session, but I do propose that some plan
be adopted, some resolution passed, by which
we shall maintain ourselves in position to pro-
tect the country from executive encroachments
and to see that tlie laws are executed and the
policy which we have so wisely inaugurated
fairly and properly carried out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the adoption of the resolution under
consideration, upon which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
Mr. NYE. Before the vote is taken I desire
to state that I am paired off with the Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] on this ques-
tion. I presume if he were here he_ would vote
in the affirmative and I would vote in the nega-
tive.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 10 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalcw, Cameron, Cattell, Conk-
ling, Conness, Corbett, Davis, Dixon, Doohttle, Ed-
munds, Fessenden.Frelinprhuysen, Henderson, Howe,
Johnson, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Patterson of
New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Ramsey,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Trumbull,
Van Winkle, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Cole, Cragin, Drake,
Fowler, llarlan, Howard, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton, Pomoroy, Ross, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Wade,
and Yates—16.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, .Ferry, Grimes, Guth-
rie, Hendricks, Norton, Nyo, and Riddle—8.
So the resolution was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, March 23, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m., Hon.
Robert C. Schenuk, of Ohio, in the chair as
Speaker pro tempore. Prayer by the Chaplain,
Rev. C. B. Boyniw.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
increased force tor patent office.
Mr. MYERS. I ask consent of the House
to take up and put upon its passage at this time
a bill already introduced by myself, House
bill No. 28, to increase the force of the Patent
Office. It is a bill which, as I stated yester-
day, has been prepared at the request of the
Commissioner of Patents, and the passage of
which is required by the pressing business of
the Patent Office.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, is it in order to
move to go to business on the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Not until
after the morning hour.
Mr. MYERS. As the bill has already been
read once, I will state its provisions 
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the bill be read
for information, reserving the right to object.
The bill, which was read for information,
provides in the first section that the Commis-
sioner of Patents be authorized from time to
time to appoint, in the manner already pro-
vided for bylaw, such an additional number
of principal examiners, first assistant examin-
ers, and second assistant examiners as may bo
required to transact the current business of
the office with dispatch. The whole number
of such additional examiners is not to exceed
