1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
four of each class, and the total annual expense
or the Patent Office is not to exceed its annual
receipts.
The second section proposes to authorize
the Commissioner of Patents to appoint, by
and with the approval of the Secretary of the
Interior, a solicitor of the Patent Office, who
is to be considered its law officer, whose salary
is to be $3,000 per annum, to be-paid from
the patent fund, and whose duty,will be to
render all reasonable aid in the transaction of
J.® business of said office that may be required
ot nun by the Commissioner.
It is provided in the third section that the
salary of the first assistant examiners and dis-
bursing clerk shall be $2,000, and the salary of
the librarian shall bo $2,500, which is to bo in
ir k'S serv'ces as translator and librarian.
Mr. ROSS. I object to the consideration of
this bill at the present time, and call for the
regular order.
Mr. MYERS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, for the purpose of proceeding to the
consideration of the bill I h&d supposed that
no member would object to.
On the motion to suspend the rules, there
were—ayes twenty-five, noes not counted.
Mr. MYERS. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Myers
and Ross wore appointed.
The House divided ; and the teller^ reported
—ayes fifty-seven', noes not counted.
So the rules were suspended ; and the House
proceeded to the consideration of the bill (H.
R. No. 28) to increase the force of the Patent
Office.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. MYERS. Mr. Speaker, I can I think,
in a very few words, satisfy the House of the
propriety and indeed the necessity of passing
this bill.
There has been no increase of the force of
the Patent Office since 1859. Since that time
the business of the office has increased one
hundred per cent.; since 1865 alone over fifty
per cent. During the year 1865 there were
ten thousand six hundred and sixty-four appli-
cations for patents, and sixty-six hundred and
sixteen were granted. In 18G6 there were
fifteen thousand two hundred and sixty-nine
applications, of which ninety-four hundred
and fifty were granted. The number of cav-
eats filled in 1805 was ten hundred and sixty-
three; in 1800 there were twenty-seven hun-
dred and twenty-three.
This bill proposes to authorize the employ-
ment of only four additional examiners of each
class—twelve in all. I scarcely need to remind
the House of the fact, known to most of the
members, that the Patent Office is self-sup-
porting, and hence this increase of force, will
take no money from the public Treasury; the
additional expense will be paid from the pat-
ent fund. The Commissioner of Patents states
that on account ofthe pressure of business in
the office parties are frequently delayed for
months in having their applications attended to.
I believe this House will not disregard a state-
ment from the chief officer of this or any other
bureau or Department of the Government
declaring the force under his direction insuf-
ficient for the transaction of the public busi-
ness. The passage of this bill will not only
relieve the overtasked employds now in the
office, but give great satisfaction to the me-
chanics and scientific men of the country, who
have an interest in the matter and a right to
demand that the business of the Department
shall be expedited.
It is specially provided that the additional
expense shall be taken from the Patent Office
fund; and also that in no event shall the num-
ber of additional examiners under this bill ex-
ceed twelve. Most of the work to be done is
not merely clerical, but brain work—work fre-
quently requiring the highest knowledge in the
various branches of science and business. At
least twelve more examiners or assistant ex-
aminers are needed to bring up the present work
on hand.
Mr. UPSON. I was not aware this bill was
g;oing to be introduced to-day, but in verifica-
tion and support of what my frifend from Penn-
sylvania has said I will state that I had occasion
myself to transact business with the Patent
Office. An application for a patent was filed
there last December, and the other day on
calling to ascertain why it was not acted on I
was told with the present force it was impos-
sible to keep up the business as it came in, and
that my case would not be reached in regular
order for several weeks.
Mr. MYERS. Every member will find that
to be the case if he will inquire at the Patent
Office, and I am glad my friend from Michigan
[Mr. Upson] has stated his experience on the
subject.
Mr. Speaker, I wish to make another re-
mark. The last section of the bill adds $200
to the salary of the first assistant examiners,
the disbursing clerk, and librarian, to be paid
from the Patent Office fund. The librarian
now gets $1,800, and so much per hundred
words for translation, in all amounting to
about twenty-three hundred dollars. Instead
of requiring this computation we give him
$2,500, saving trouble, and ranking him with
the primary examiners.
If gentlemen have no questions to ask I will
now call for the previous question.
Mr. ROSS. I ask the gentleman to yield to
me.
Mr. MYERS. Only for a question.
Mr. ROSS. I desire to say that I did not
oppose the introduction of the measure because
I knew of any objection to it; but I do think
when two gentlemen have spoken in favor of a
measure just presented, at least some one who
opposed it should be heard: at least some one
should be allowed to state why he deemed it
inexpedient to pass it at this time.
Mr. MYERS. I am now yielding for that
purpose.
Mr. ROSS. You said only for a question.
I desire to say that I do not think it is expe-
dient at this time to press upon the consider-
ation of the House a bill of this character. It
is alleged to be important that there should be
additional men in this bureau. Then why, I
want to know, did not the Committee on Pat-
ents, during three months of last session, find
that out? if it was not so important as to be
brought forward then, I think it can wait a lit-
tle longer. T thinl: it would bo wiser and more
prudent to defer pressing it now, when sixteen
States are unrepresented and there are no
committees to examine into these matters.
If it were as important as is alleged, then
the committee were derelict in not having
brought it, to the attention of the House at the
last session. I think a measure of this char-
acter ought first to be referred for investiga-
tion to one of the standing committees. Jt is
right that it should be inquired into and a report
made. I look with suspicion upon all meas-
ures pressed in this way upon the consider-
ation of the House If we should -go on in
this way I believe we will find that we have
committed many errors by this hasty legis-
lation.
Mr. MYERS. I will now yield to the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Chaxler,] who
was my colleague on the Committee on Pat-
ents. and who knows that for nearly two
months of last session we had no chance to
report.
Mr. WARD. I wish to ask a question.
Was not this force increased at the last ses-
sion of Congress?
Mr. MYBI13- No, sir; it has not been
increased since 1850, as I have already stated.
Mr. CHANLER. My object in rising is to
say that neither my colleague nor the commit-
tee were derelict in this matter. It is well
known to the Speaker, who is now absent, that
my colleague on the committee has for weeks
past been endeavoring to bring this bill before
the House for consideration. lie has been
superseded by reason of his amiability and the
great pressure of business.
Mr. ROSS. Let me ask a question. Did
not the committee get ttoe to revamp Some
old patents and urge them upon the attention
of the Bouse, leaving this behind ?
Mr. CHANLER. Not at all. I do not.
understand upon what proof my friend from
Illinois makes such sweeping, and I must say
such unjust charges against the Committee on
Patents. The committee has been able to do
less than was desired in the very few eases we
reported because- of the prejudice against the
extension of patents, and it seems to me all
business coming from the Committee on Pat-
ents. The gentleman has found it to be his
duty, for what reason I cannot understand, to
try and break down this bill.
Now, sir, the Committee on Patents are not
answerable for the omission of other business
in the pressure upon them to bring before the
House measures for the benefit of persons who
have no channel of communication except
through the Committee on Patents. In pre-
senting this measure at this time my friend has
acted in the discharge of his duty and with the
consent and approbation of the other members
of the Committee on Patents of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress.
Mr. MYERS. I now demand the previous
question.
Mr. BALDWIN. Will the gentleman yisld?
Mr. MYERS. I want to answer all ques-
tions on this subject; therefore I yield to my
friend from Massachusetts.
Mr. BALDWIN. This seems to me alto-
gether too important a matter to be put through
here in this way under the previous question.
It may be that the bill ought to pass, but I do
not know that yet. I have not seen any rea-
son why it should pass; and I do not suppose
I am likely to see any. I think we ought not
to go on rushing business through the House
in this way which does not come to us from a
committee of the House.
Mr. MYERS. I decline to yield for a speech;
I am willing to answer a question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I desire
to ask what is the amount of the increase of
salary under this bill?
Mr. MYERS. I have tried to make myself
understood, and I believe if gentlemen had
listened to me there would be no necessity for
such an inquiry. The force is to be increased
by a number of assistants not exceeding twelve.
The business has increased in one year nearly
one hundred per cent. The Commissioner of
Patents states a fact, which many of us know,
that the business is in arrears, and has been
for months, because there is not sufficient
force to act upon it.
1 Mr. WASHBURN, .of Indiana. I do not
object to having sufficient force, but to the in-
crease of salaries.
Mr. MYERS. The salaries of one class, con-
sisting of sixteen men, are increased $200.
They comprise the intermediate class between
the §2,500 and the $1,600 class, and are called
first assistant examiners. The librarian, as I
stated before, now gets a salary of $1,800, and
in addition thereto so much per folio for tran-
scribing. This bill gives him a salary of $2,500
in lieu of both. It is a very slight increase ;
he now realizes about twenty-three hundred.
It saves the trouble of counting the words.
The whole increase is $3,400, all of which
comes out of the Patent Office fund.
I desire to make one statement that I have
omitted. The Patent Office fund is now
$264,000, having increased in 1860 from the
previous year $134,000, from which this little
increase is to be taken, while the added force
will no doubt far more than repay it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Allow me
to ask one more question.
Mr. MYERS. I yield for a single question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Would it
not be better to reduce the fees of the Patent
Office than to increase the salaries? _
Mr. MYERS. I think the increase is proper.
The public have not asked a reduction of the
fees. They need sufficient employ6s to attend
to their wants, and competent men deserve a
proper remuneration.
