310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23;
Mr. MILLER. Does this make any addi-
tional appropriation ?
Mr. MYERS. Not one cent from the Treas-
ury.
On seconding the previous question, there
were—ayes'50, noes 7; no quorum voting.
The Chair ordered tellers; and appointed
Messrs. Myers and Baldwin.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes seventy-eight, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed, for a third reading; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third Lime,
and passed,
Mr. MYERS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, notified the House that the Senate
had agreed to the amendment of the House
to tlie joint resolution of the Senate No. 19,
directing the Secretary of War to furnish cer-
tain Army equipments to the State of Tennes-
see.
Also that the Senate had agreed to the
amendment of (ho House to the joint resolution
of the Senate No. 29, to terminate a contract
of a member of Congress with the Post Office
Department.
Also I hat the Senate had agreed to the amend-
ment of the House loathe amendments of the
Senate to House bill No. 72, to exempt wrap-
ping-paper made of wood and corn-stalks from
internal revenue tax.
Also_ that the Senate had passed joint resolu-
tion ot the House No. 8, directing the Secre-
tary of the Interior to suspend the execution
of the law passed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress
for the relief of the heirs of John E. Bouligny,
with an amendment, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested.
okdkr of business.
Mr. PER HAM. 1 ask consent of the
IJoust? l.o have taken from the Speaker's table
a pension bill for action at the present time,
and if no objection be made I will explain in
a few words the object of the bill, and then I
think no one can object to it.
Mr. IIOLMAN. i think the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. I'uriiam] will accomplish his
purpose quite as well by submitting a motion
to go to business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. 15li.00.MAMj. 1 call for the regular
Older of business.
The HPEAKKH pro tempore. The regular
order having been called for, the morning hour
will now commence. The first business in order
during the morning hour is the call of commit-
tees for reports.
Mr. DOLMAN. 1 move that the rules lie
suspended, and that the House now proceed
to the i'ousidnration o''business on the Speak-
er's table.
The iSl'WA KKU pro tempore.. The Chair wilt
lemind flu; gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hol-
MA.N'j that until the call of committees ha,s
been concluded his motion to be adopted will
require a two-thirds vote.
Mr. SC0K1ELD. Is it in order to move to
suspend the rules during the morning hour?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] doubt-
less forgets that some days since a resolution
was adopted by the House which permits such
a.motion as the one made by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. IIolmax.] But, the morn-
ing hour having commenced, upon the call for
the regular order of business, it will require a
two-thirds vote to pioceed to business on the
Speaker's table until committees have been
called for reports. After that call a majority
vote will bo sufficient.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes thirty-five.
Before the noes were counted,
Mr. IIOLMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Broomall
and Mr. Holman were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 70, noes 17.
So (two-thirds voting in the affirmative) the
'rules were suspended.
The House accordingly proceeded to the con-
sideration of business on the Speaker's table.
IMPORTATION 01' WORKS OP ART.
The first business on the Speaker's table
was the consideration of amendments of the
Senate to House joint resolution No. 25, pro-
viding for the importation into the United
States of certain works of art duty free.
The Clerk read the amendment, which was
to strike out all after the enacting clause of the
resolution and to insert the following:
That from and after the passage of this joint reso-
lution any objcct of art imported by any individual
or association of individuals for presentation, as a
gift to the United States Government, or to any
State, county, or municipal government, shall bo ad-
mitted free of duty, under such rules and lobulations
as the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe.
And be it further resolved. That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to refund
the duties paid on any steam a<uicultural machinery
imported into tho- United States during the current
fisca l year as models or for experimentation, and to
remit the duties on anysteam mackineiy ol like de-
scription which may he imported lar such purposes
prior to tho 30th of June, 1863.
And be it farther rrvtjlcvl, 'that the Secretary of the
lioasury is hereby authorized and required to dis-
continue the employment of any officer or person
employed under the acts for tho collection of direct
taxes in the msurrcctiomuydistncto within the Uni-
ted hliltcs whenever, in his judgment, their service is
no longer needed; and he is hereby authorized to
devolve upon any officer or ofiieeis of internal rov-
cnuo in said distuets any portion of the duties im-
posed in said^ acts, who shall perform said duties
without additional compensation.
Mr.. ALLISON. This joint resolution of the
House, which passed this body a day or two
a<ro, related only to the importation of works
of art. The Senate have added an amendment
in relation to the importation of agricultural
steam machinery. The objcct of that amend-
ment is simply to allow the introduction of
steam machinery, which is now manufactured
only in Great Britain, free of duty for pur-
poses of experimentation only. That provision
1 believe has been contained in almost every
tariff act for tho last four or five years. It was
also embraced in the bill before the House
during the last session, but which failed to
become a law. It is really important that it
should pass now, and I hope there will be no
objection to it.
In relation to tho last section of the Senate
amendment, authorizing tho Secretary of the
Treasury to discontinue certain officers in the
southern States, there can be I think no objec-
tion. it will save much expense to the Gov-
ernment, and I hope it will be agreed lo.
Mr. STEVEN'S, of Pennsylvania. I should
like to have an amendment adopted striking
out the section in relation to the importation
of steam machinery.
Mr. ALLISON. That section relates merely
to steam agricultural machinery, and particu-
larly to steam-plows for use upon our western
prairie. They are not manufactured iu this
country, and only three or four of them have
yet been imported. This section is intended
to encourage the introduction of this kind of
machinery into use in this country.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I suggest
to the gentleman that the language of the sec-
tion is broad enough to authorize the introduc-
tion of various kinds of machinery. It should
be in some way amended so as to confine it
to such machinery as the gentleman states is
designed to be included.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Let it- be read again.
Mr. ALLISON". I ask the Clerk to read
the second section.
Ihc Clerk read as follows:
** further resolved, That the Secietary of
tae treasury bo, and he is hereby, authorized to re-
umci tne duties paid on any steam agricultural
machinery lmpoited mto the United States during
the current fiscal year as models orfor experimen ta-
ll^ ^ duties on any steam machinery
ot like description which may be imported for such
purposes pnorto the 30th of June, 1868. I
Mr. STEVENS, of Peirasylv ania. My friend I
will see that that is much broader than he
states.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a poir.t of order,
that this bill, in the. provision for refunding
duties already made, contains an appropriation
and must go under the rule to the Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to a point of orcler,
which is that it is too late to make that point
now.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the point of order upon two grounds:
first, that it is too late to raise the point even
if it were well taken ; and in the next place,
that, in the opinion of the Chair, the bill con-
tains no such appropriation as would require
it to go to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. PRUYN. I would like to inquire of
the gentleman from Towa whether the first sec-
tion of the act is as broad as it should be. It
applies only to State and city authorities. It
ought, it strikes me, to apply to art associa-
tions and bodies-corporate generally. I think
broader language ought to be used.
Mr. ALLISON. I think, Mr. Speaker, that
the present language of the bill is quite broad
enough. It applies only to States and to county
and municipal corporations. I think this is as
far as it should go.
Mr. PRUYN. Suppose a gift should be
made to an art association, which in point of
fact represents a town or municipality ?
Mr. ALLISON. I think that perhaps the
present language is sufficiently broad. It is
difficult enough to get it through even in its
present form. I yield to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. BUTLER. I desire to offer an amend-
ment as an additional section.
Mr. ALLISON. I will hear tho amendment
read without yielding to permit it to be offered.
Mr. BU ILER. What I desire to add as an
amendment is the following:
Tliot alMnaterial called lastings, used in the man-
ufacture of shoes, shall be admitted at a specific duty
of fifty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. Speaker, at the last session the House
and the Senate attempted to accomplish that
which this amendment proposes to effect. They
repealed the law of 18G4, thereby reviving the
law of 1862, which, however, is precisely sim-
ilar in this respect to the law of 1864. Hence
the object contemplated by the act of last ses-
sion has not been accomplished. Under the
law as it stands at present lastings come in
under a duty of from eighty-five to ninety per
cent. There are none manufactured in this
country. The burden of this duty falls upon
the consumer. It protects no industrial in-
terest of the country. My proposition is de-
signed simply to carry into effect the law of last
session.
Mr. h'ARJi SWORTH. I suggest to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts that he insert also
the provision for beet-sugar apparatus, of which
we have heard a great deal.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
is compelled to rule that unless the gentleman
from Iowa yields to allow the amendment of
the gentleman from Massachusetts to be offered
discussion upon that amendment is not in
order. Does the gentleman from Iowa yield
to permit the amendment to be offered?
^ Mr. ALLISON. I should be very glad to
yield to the gentleman, but at the instance
of the gentleman's immediate predecessor this
subject of lastings was arranged just at the
close of the last session.
Mr. BUTLER. That gentleman was mis-
taken m tne effect of the law as now construed
by the revenue officers.
Mr. ALLISON. I think, under the cir-
cumstances, I cannot permit the amendment
to be offered. I yield a moment to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. 1 ask the gentleman who
has the bill in charge what amount of money
this bill will take out of the Treasurv?
Mr. ALLISON.' "It will take about two
thousand dollars to pay the duties upon one
large steam-plow which was imported into
