1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SI 3
The gentleman refers to the action of the
Senate, and it has been well suggested that that
is not a proper subject of discussion here.
But as he refers to the Globe, I will also refer
to it. It will be seen by the report of the pro-
ceedings of the Senate published in the Globe
that a gentleman who stands as high in point
of legal attainments as any in this country, one
of the ablest jurists in the Senate, insists that
this claim is just and honest, and ought to be
paid. So that it is not, by any means, a clear
case that the passage of this law was wrong in
fact. On the contrary, the weight of evidence is
altogether in its favor. While I do not now
insist that the House shall stand by its former
action, I insist that it is unjust to repeal this law,
for that is what this resolution does—absolutely
repeals it; pats it back where it was before there
was any action of Congress upon it. It is just
as if you should introduce a bill in so many
words repealing an act passed by the Thirty-
Ninth Congress without any action by any com-
mittee of the House upon the bill. I say that
it is unjust to these claimants, it is unprece-
dented, it is an unsafe principle of legislation,
and it is an unjust reflection upon a committee
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress who laboriously
investigated it and reported in its favor. The
honorable chairman of the committee is a gen-
tleman of whom all who know him will bear
me out in saying that he is a man of the high-
est legal attainments, and of most unquestion-
able integrity, and he, after investigation, took
the deepest interest in the passage of the meas-
ure, as I know.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Will the gentleman
allow me to answer a question of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I think
it is quite unnecessary to take up the time of
the House any further. The House under-
stands the question now as well as it will upon
further discussion. Most of the time has been
occupied already by those who are endeavoring
to sustain this act. I could occupy one hour
in demonstrating the truth of everything I have
stated, but I do not want to go into the merits
of the question further now. All I desire is
that the action of Congress may be reviewed,
and I shall interpose no factious opposition if
upon review the House shall consider it a just
claim. All I want is to have it fairly before
the House and understood. I do not propose
to take any advantage of anybody if the House
upon a full and fair investigation shall consider
it just and proper. I do not believe it is, as I
have stated. I demand the previous question.
M. WOODBRIDGE. I ask the gentleman
to yield.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I decline.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Then I hope the
previous question will not be seconded.
The previous question was seconded—ayes
61 noes 32; and the main question ordered.
The question was first on the motion to refer;
and being put, there were—ayes twenty-nine.
Mr. WOODRRIDGE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Woodbridge and Washburn,
of Wisconsin.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes thirty-two, noes not counted.
So the motion to refer to the Committee on
the Judiciary was disagreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
amendments of the Senate; and they were
agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, moved to
reconsider the votes by which the amendments
of the Senate were agreed to; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, notified the House that the Senate
had passed a bill and joint rosolution of the
following titles, in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House :
An act (S. No. 105) to reimburse the States
of Indiana and Ohio, for moneys expended
for theUnited States in enrolling, equipping,
and provisioning militia forces, and in sup-
pressing the rebellion; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 43) in relation to
the educational interests of the District of Co-
lumbia.
acknowledgment of deeds in district.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the consideration of Senate bill No. 38, in
relation to the acknowledgment of deeds in
the District of Columbia; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill provides that hereafter acknowledg-
ments of deeds for the conveyance of real es-
tate in the District of Columbia may be taken
by the recorder of deeds for said District, or
by a single justice of the peace; and any such
acknowledgment heretofore taken by a single
justice of the peace is hereby made ajid de-
clared to be a valid acknowledgment, pro-
vided that nothing in this act shall be held to
impair the title of bona fide purchasers who
by conveyances and formal acknowledgment
have, prior to the passage of this act, ac-
quired paramount title under existing laws.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I desire to state to
the House that this bill has been consid-
ered by the Committee on the Judiciary of
this House, and it meets with their unanimous
approval. It merely .provides that where an
acknowledgment has been taken by a single
justice of the peace, the law requiring that it
shall be taken by two justices, the deed shall
not be thereby rendered invalid.- It also pro-
vides that there shall be no injury resulting to
rights paramount which have accrued.
The bill was then read the third time,' and
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
west virginia war claims.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 77, supplemental to an act
entitled "An act to reimburse the State of
West Virginia for moneys expended for the
United States in enrolling, equipping, and pay-
ing military forces to aid in suppressing the
rebellion," approved June 21, 1866; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill was read at length. It provides that
the money appropriated by the act to which
this is supplemental shall be disbursed under
the direction of the Secretary of War.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I will
state to the House that the passage of this bill
is recommended by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. The law providing for the reimbursement
of the war claims of West Virginia requires that
those claims shall be audited under the super-
vision of the Treasury Department, while they
properly belong to the War Department; and
the object of this bill is to make such transfer.
I trust there will be no objection. I call the
previous question. _ .
- The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was then read the third time, and
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the president.
A message from the President of the United
States was delivered to the House by Colonel
William G. Moore, his Secretary, announcing
that the President had approved and signed
a bill and joint resolutions, of the following
titles: ( .
A bill (H. R. No. 19) to clothe the maimed
and destitute soldiers;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 2) to author-
ize the refunding of discriminating duties ex-
acted upon merchandise imported in Hawaiian
vessels;
_ A joint resolution (H. R. No. 10) in relai-
tion to certain coin and bullion on special
deposit in the Treasury;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 17) authoriz-
ing the Secretary of War to turn over certain
property of the United States at Camp Chase,
Ohio, for the use of the National Asylum for
Disabled Volunteer Soldiers, and for other pur-
poses ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 20) to supply
an omission in the enrollment of the act to pro-
vide increased revenue from imported wool,
and for other purposes. „
The message further announced that the
President returned to the House, in which the
same originated, a bill (H. II. No. 33) supple-
mentary to an act entitled " An act to provide
for the more efficient government of the rebel
States," passed March 2, 1867, and to facili-
tate restoration ; with his objections thereto in
writing.
reconstruction—veto.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I now move that
the House proceed to the reconsideration of
the bill returned to the House by the Presi-
dent of the United Stales, with his objections
thereto.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk read the message, which was as
follows:
To the House of Representatives:
I have considered the bill entitled "An act
supplementary to an act entitled 'An act to
provide for the more efficient government of
the rebel States,' passed March 2, 1867, and
to facilitate restoration," and now return it to
the House of Representatives with my objec-
tions.
This bill provides for elections in the ten
States brought under the operation of the
original act to which it is supplementary. Its
details are principally directed to the elections
for the formation of the State constitutions;
but by the sixth section of the bill "all elec-
tions" in these States, occurring while the
original act remains in force, are brought within
its purview. Referring to the details, it will
be found that, first of all, there is to be a
registration of the voters. No one whose name „
has not been admitted on the list is to be
allowed to vote at any of these elections. To
ascertain who is entitled to registration refer-
ence is made necessary, by the express lan-
guage of the supplement, to the original act
and to the pending bill. The fifth section of
the original act provides, as to voters, that
they shall be " male citizens of the State,
twenty-one years old and upward, of whatever
race, color, or previous condition, who have
bpen resident of said State for one year."
This is the general' qualification, followed,
however, by many exceptions. No one can
be registered, according to the original act,
"who may be disfranchised for participation
in the rebellion," a provision which left unde-
termined the question as to what amounted
to disfranchisement, and whether, without a
judicial sentence, the act itself produced that
effect.
This supplemental bill superadds an oath
to be taken by every person before his name
can be admitted upon' the registration, that he
has " not been disfranchised for participation
in any rebellion or civil war against the United
States." It thus imposes upon every person
the necessity and responsibility of deciding for
himself, under the peril of punishment by a
military commission if he makes a mistake,
what works disfranchisement by participation
in rebellion, and what amounts to such parti-
cipation. Almost every man—the negro as
well as the white—above twenty-one years of
age, who was resident in these ten States dur-
ing the rebellion, voluntarily or involuntarily,
at some time and in some way, did participate
in resistance to the lawful authority of the Gen-
eral Government. The. question with the citi-
zen to whom this oath is to be proposed must
be a fearful one; for while the bill does not
declare that perjury may be assigned for such
