m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
I do not want the debate to run that long. I
will yield five minutes.
Mr. BUTLER. Very well. Mr. Speaker,
the Thirty-Ninth Congress by ordering this
special session said to the people of the United
States that.Andrew Johnson is a bad man, and
that this House and the Senate should sit here
to take care of his acts. In obedience to that
law we assembled here. He has just this mo-
ment sent us a veto of a bill arraigning the
details of the act of reconstruction upon grounds
of alleged unconstitutionality.' And now it is
proposed to go away and leave the whole mat-
ter of reconstruction in his hands for seven or
eight months. You say by so doing that he
can be trusted, that he is a good man to be
trusted with this great question of reconstruct-
ing on empire; that this country is perfectly
safe in his hands because you thus leave the
whole case to him ; for is he not Commander-
in-Chief of the Army?
More than that, and beyond all, you have
said to the country through your committee of
the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and through your
action in this Congress, that there is reasona-
ble ground to believe that Andrew Johnson
ought to be impeached, and have put your
committee on the inquiry. Now, there either
is or is not reasonable ground to believe him
impeachable. If there is, that question ought
to lie determined at once and forever. If there
is not, that question ought to be determined at
once and forever, and not left before the coun-
try as a disturbing element for eight months
longer. Justice to him, justice to the business
interests of the country, require that wo should
stay hero like men and deal with this great
question, and bring it to a finality, and not
abandon the whole field to his occupation.
Why, sir, we are thus acting like a general
who, having begun a critical movement against
the enemy, then abandons the whole field, go-
ing off on a frolic out of reach of the sound of
the battle he has commenced. Let me say
with all respect to the House, that the country,
the loyal men of the country, the business in-
terest of the country, will hold every member
responsible who votes for this adjournment for
the mischiefs which may happen to the busi-
ness and government of the country from the
maladministration of Andrew Johnson for the
next eight months, with Congress made pow-
erless by their votes. First, then, and last and
all the time, I present my most earnest protest
against this adjournment; and I have only to
add that I thank my friend [Mr. Blaine] for
allowing me five minutes in which so to do.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLA.TNR. Mr. Speaker, the state-
ment, has gone so long unchallenged on the
floor of this House that the great loyal party
of this country are waiting anxiously for this
branch toinitiate a measure of impeachment
that 1 think it is time it was contradicted. I
would ask the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butlkk] through what convention of the
people, through what organism of public
opinion, through what channel of general in-
formation anywhere throughout the length and
breadth of the land, this demand is made upon
Congress? Sir, I maintain that out of the
seventeen or eighteen hundred newspapers
that represent the loyal Union party of this
country—-and those are the best indices of
public opinion which that party has—the gen-
tleman cannot find twenty-five which regard
the impeachment movement as one seriously
to be undertaken on the part of Congress at
this time ; and when he talks about their wait-
ing our action, and says that this question
ought to be settled at once, let me tell him
that in the public mind of the country this
question is settled.
Mr. BUTLER. Which way?
Mr. BLAINE. It is settled upon any show-
ing which has been had, as bad a man as Mr.
Johnson may be and whatever he may have
done, so far as the gentleman has yet brought
his charges against him, that they do not be-
lieve it worth while to upturn the foundations
of the Government by having the extraordinary
spectacle of entering upon the impeachment
at this time. I say there has been no mani-
festation anywhere of a design or a desire on
the part of the loyal people, so far as I have the
honor to represent them or know their feelings,
to carry out a measure of impeachment at this
time. . , ,
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. > Will the
gentleman allow me to say that within the last
two weeks one of the largest meetings ever
held in the interior of Pennsylvania, was held
in Schuylkill county, where resolutions were
passed imperatively demanding the impeach-
ment of Andrew Johnson?
Mr. BUTLER. And allow me to further
state that I had the honor to argue before the
Legislature of his own State the question
whether Andrew Johnson ought to be im-
peached or not. In my judgment they would
have voted for it at once, but I advised them
to wait until action had been taken by Con-
gress.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman may be bet-
ter posted in regard to affairs and public opin-
ion in the State of Maine than I am. I know
he addressed a meeting there, and I suppose
with his accustomed eloquence, and undoubt-
edly with great acceptance to the Legislature
and the audience assembled there. But I un-
dertake to say from what I knoiv of those peo-
ple, and they are right in the very heart of my
district, that they regarded the course recom-
mended by the gentleman as inexpedient.
Mr. BUTLER. And with the gentleman's
permission I will further say that I have had
the honor, under the rule, to file with the Clerk
of the House petitions from many parts of the
country, praying that Andrew Johnson may
be impeached. And when the gentleman tells
me that the newspapers of the country do not
favor impeachment, let me ask him how many
of the managers of those newspapers have
brothers, sons, uncles, nephews, even aunts
and cousins in the Federal offices of this Gov-
ernment ?
Mr. BLAINE. If the gentleman wants to
arraign the managers and editors of newspa-
pers as a class I will take up the gauntlet. I
say that a better or higher-toned class of men
does not exist in the United States than those
who represent the press. The gentleman, I
understand, admits that I am correct in stating
that of the seventeen or eighteen hundred Union
newspapers in this country, not twenty-five of
them have spoken in favor of his proposition
for impeachment.
Mr. BUTLER. It is not my proposition,
but the proposition of the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, of which I was not a member.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I rise to a question of
order. I desire to inquire of the Chair what
the question of impeachment has to do with
the question of adjourning from next Tuesday
until November next.
Mr. BLAINE. Only because the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] says we
should not adjourn until we have disposed of
the question of impeachment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Blaise] will suspend
his remarks, the Chair will reply to the inter-
rogatory of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Eggi.bstoi<-.] The Chair has not interrupted
this debate, because the proposition being to
adjourn the House with the consent of the Sen-
ate until November next, the question is open
in relation to all subjects requiring the atten-
tion of the House at this time.
Mr. EGGLESTON. And it is debatable to
that extent?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. ' It is.
Mr. EGGLESTON. Another question:
does not this subject come under Rule 4^in
relation to motions to adjourn?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is not a
question of ordinary adjournment, and there-
fore does not come within the rule to which
the gentleman refers. This is a resolution to
fix the time at which the House Shall again
meet after the close of the present session.
Mr. LOAN. I ask that the Clerk read from
pages 7 and 8 of Barclay's Digest in relation
to adjournment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Loan] appeal
from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. LOAN. I do, for the purpose of having
that read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" 'A motion to adjourn, and a motion to fix the day
to which the House shall adjourn, shall be always in
order, and these motions shall be decided without
debate.' (Rule 44.) It has been decided and acted
upon that the motion ' to fix the day to which the
House shall adjourn' takes precedence of a motion
' to adjourn;' theroason being that, before the House
adjourns, it is_ proper to fix the time to which it shall
adjourn."
Mr. LOAN. That is sufficient. I now with-
draw my appeal.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will state that this proceeding is one coming
more particularly under a clause of the Consti-
tution, and not under the rules of the House
relating to an ordinary adjournment or recess.
There is a provision of the Constitution that
Congress shall assemble at least once in every
year, and such meeting shall be on the first
Monday of December, unless they shall by law
appoint a different day. If this resolution,
therefore, related to the meeting of a different
session of Congress, according to the require-
ments of the Constitution it could be effected
only by the passage of a law. But this pro-
ceeding is under the last paragraph of the fifth
section of the first article of the Constitution,
which provides that—
"Neither House, during the session of Congress,
shall, without the consent of the other, adjourn for
more than three days, nor to any other place than
that in which the two Houses shall be sitting."
This is not an ordinary proposition to ad-
journ for three days or less, which does not
require the concurrence of the Senate. It is
a proposition that the House shall ask the Sen-
ate to consent to an adjournment of the House
until next November, having no reference what-
ever to an adjournment of the Senate. This
proposition, in the opinion of the Chair, opens
up the general question as to the propriety of
asking the Senate to consent to an adjourn-
ment for the length of time proposed.
.Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, I have merely to say that I desire
this question to be postponed till Monday or
Tuesday next, when we can tell better than at
present in what condition we stand with regard
to the public business. There are three or
perhaps four small appropriation bills, two of
them I hold in my hand now, one of them has
not yet reached me from the Senate, the pas-
sage of which is necessary in order that the
business of the Government may be carried on
after we adjourn. These bills relate to ex-
penses of the House and the Senate and some
matters connected with the public grounds;
and I suppose all will admit that they ought to
be passed before we agree to adjourn. In
addition to this there are, I believe, several
important bills now on the Speaker's table;
ana if this proposition for adjournment should
be agreed to, there are but a few hours left in
which to consider them. While I do not now
urge the indefinite postponement of this ques-
tion, I prefer that its consideration should be
postponed until Tuesday next.
Now, as to the question of impeachment, I
have but a word to say. I have heretofore said
but very little ou that subject. I believe, sir,
that the people expected us to make a full ex-
amination, and if we found cause, to impeach
Andrew Johnson. We have examined, and
so far have reported that there is sufficient
ground for suspicion and further examination.
We also yesterday voted for an inquiry with
regard to the impeachment of another impor-
tant officer of the Government. Upon inquiry
this morning I learn that the testimony in
that ease was not printed so as to be at the
command of the committee. What they will
see proper to do is a question which I cannot
determine. If they report articles of impeach-
ment, it does not follow that we stay here to
try the accused; but it does follow that those
