1867.
THE COMPRESSIONAL GLOBE
31-Sf
articles- ought of course to be filed, with the
Senate, so that they may fix the time for the
trial.
Now, sir, I do not make any charge as to
any gentleman's taking this mode to get rid
of the impeachment. I understand that the
gentleman from Maine thinks that nobody
wants impeachment.
Mr. BLAINE. Nobody outside of Congress
is now demanding it 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I thought
that everybody wanted it except a few gentle-
men in Congress; and I thought everyhody
wanted it here until, after the election of the
Presiding Officer of the Senate. Since that
time I know there has been a growing inclina-
tion in certain quarters not to have an impeach-
ment, because it seems to be preferred that the
present Executive should remain where he is
to his being substituted by the present Presid-
ing Officer of the Senate.
Mr. BLAINE. I never heard that before.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Thegen-
tleman may never have heard it before; but I
remember hearing him some time ago say here,
(and therefore I may speak of it,) "There will
be no impeachmentby this Congress; we would
rather have the President than the shallywags
of Ben. Wade." [Laughter.]
Mr. BLAINE. Was not the conversation to
which the gentleman alludes long before the
election of the present Presiding Officer of the
Senate?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. No, sir;
it was some days after. It was not a conver-
sation ; it was a declaration.
Mr. BLAINE. When the gentleman reports
private conversations he must report them
upon the veracity and memory of the respect-
ive participants; and with all due respect to
the gentleman's great age—and I would cer-
tainly never be lacking in such respect—I
must say that as he reports a private conver-
sation 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I had
no private conversation; I was here in my
place.
Mr. BLAINE. Then it was a conversation
with somebody else which the gentleman over-
heard.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I heard
the gentleman make the declaration.
Mr. BLAINE. It must have been either a
private conversation with the gentleman or
else a private conversation with somebody
else which the gentleman overheard. It cer-
tainly was not a public utterance in debate.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. It was
not a conversation; it was a declaration pub-
licly made.
Mr. BLAINE. On the floor of the House?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. In this
House,-on the floor of the House.
Mr. BLAINE. The Globe would show it
if it was anything said in debate.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman was not debating 
Mr. BLAINE. I wish now to pin the gen-
tleman on that. It was either a private con-
versation with the gentleman himself or with
somebody else. On the occasion to which I
suppose the gentleman refers, in discussiug the
question of the presidency of the Senate, Mr.
Wade and a very distinguished Senator from
my own State having been spoken of in the
publie newspapers as candidates for the posi-
tion, I said something of this kind: that, tak-
ing into view the diiferent characteristics of
the two gentlemen, I thought that Mr. Fessen-
dem would be a safer man to intrust with the
executive power of the nation in certain con-
tingencies than Mr. Wade. I certainly meant
no disrespect whatever to Mr. Wade. I ad-
mire him for his boldness.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania forces me
to repeat this in public, which I never designed
to do. If the gentleman wishes to report here
on the floor of the House any other private
conversations which I may have had with lupi,
or which he may have overheard me have with
others, I shall take the liberty at all events to
set myself right.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman must refer to a very different matter if
he calls it a "conversation."
Mr. BLAINE. It is not in the Globe, there-
fore it must have been private.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. - I never
should have referred to this if the gentleman
had not brought it out by his remarks. I was
not conversing with him. It was after the
election in the Senate; and the gentleman,
under considerable excitement, which he is not
apt to get into 
Mr. BLAINE. I was perfectly cool.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman, under considerable excitement, said,
"There will be no impeachment by this Con-
gress;" and then added what I have already
stated. The gentleman doubtless does not
remember it, because he was at that time
ardent in what he was saying. I merely men-
tion this to show that there may be in the
minds of some gentlemen other reasons why
we should adjourn now than the mere ques-
tion of the business of the country. I again
repeat I do not wish to impugn the motives
of any gentleman 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania has expired,
unless the gentleman from Maine yields to him
longer.
Mr. BLAINE. I do not wish to limit the
gentleman at all.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I am
very much obliged to the gentleman ; but I do
not wish to trespass upon his courtesy.
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Speaker, I do not wish
to be put in the attitude, in which the remarks
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania would
place me, of ever having said, either publicly
or privately, anything in the least degree dis-
respectful to the gentleman who has now the
honor to preside over the Senate of the United
States. "In the only conversation or conversa-
tions which I ever had touching the point to
which the gentleman now refers, (and the gen-
tleman does not pretend to say that the conver-
sation was with himself, so he must have over-
heard me conversing with some other gentle-
man.) I was speaking of the relative character-
istics of the two distinguished Senatorswho
were spoken of for the position of President
of the Senate ; and I then said 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman allow me to say that in the declara-
tion which he made and to which I referred,
the name of Mr. Fessenden was not mentioned.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman must have
heard only a part of my declaration. Persons
who overhear a conversation are very apt to
get only a part of it, and the gentleman is no
exception to the rule. I do not apply the offen-
sive term "eavesdropper" to the gentleman,
because that would impute to him whatis incon-
sistent with his character; but at all events he
overheard a conversation, and he only heard a
part of it.
On the occasion to which I have referred, I
was speaking of the relative characteristics of
those two gentlemen, and I added that in case
of impeachment—I say the same thing every-
where—in case of impeachment, the measure,
in my judgment, would have more strength if
Mr. Fessendex, rather than Mr. Wade, were
to be the successor of the present Executive.
In saying this, I say no more than if m a
national convention of my party, I should say
that I preferred Mr. Fessexdsn to Mr. Wade,
as a presidential candidate. It implied and
conveyed no more disrespect to Mr. Wade than
that.
I certainly do not wish to/omment any fur-
ther on the gentleman's report of a private
conversation. I propose now to yield to the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldkidoe]
whom. I am afraid, I have treated a little dis-
courteously in not yielding to him sooner,
beg his pardon.
MESSAGE MOM THE SJSNATXS.
A message from the Senate, byMt.-FoRWET,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had concurred in the amendments of
the House to the amendments of the Senate to
House joint resolution No. 25, to provide for
the importation into the United States of cer-
tain works of art duty free.
It also informed the House that the Senate
had passed a bill and joint resolutions of the
following titles:
An act (S. No. 83) making appropriations
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the contingent expenses of the Senate of the
United States for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1867, and for other purposes ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 21) in refer-
ence to the collection and payment of moneys
due colored soldiers, sailors, and marines;
and
A joint xesolution (S. R. No. 24) relative to
the payment of expenses incurred by the judges
of elections for the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, District of Columbia.
ADJOURNMENT 0U CONGRESS AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I wish to
say a single word.
Mr. BLAINE. I yield to the gentleman for
that purpose.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I under-
stand the gentleman to say, or rather to char-
acterize what I stated, as overhearing a private
conversation. I thought I had already stated
to the House that it was no private conversa-
tion. The gentleman spoke out loud, so that
everybody could hear him.
Sir. BLAINE. If I were speaking out loud
so everybody could hear me it would have been
in the Globe, and the gentleman does not pre-
tend that it is in the Globe. If I were speaking
at all it was in private conversation.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman was speaking generally; he was talking
to no one in particular.
Mr. BLAINE. I wish to call the attention
of the gentleman himself particularly to one
point. Although under ordinary circumstances
it might be considered that I had strong provo-
cation, still I will not be betrayed into say-
ing anything disrespectful of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. He must have observed
that what he overheard was what occurred in pri-
vate conversation. It may have been in a loud
voice, but it certainly was not in public dis-
cussion.
He says that it was to the gentleman himself,
or to other gentlemen. I have no recollection
of having a conversation with the gentleman
on the subject. He must have overheard me
talking to others. And I say, Mr. Speaker,
that it is not in accordance with the amenities
of debate to thrust into any discussion upon
this floor what was overheard in a private con-
versation.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. It must
have been heard upon the floor by other gen-
tlemen.
Mr. BLAINE. I doubt whether any gen-
tleman can get up and say that he heard it.
The gentleman puts me in an awkward posi-
tion. It puts me in the attitude of assailing
in some way the distinguished Senator who
now presides over the Senate of the_ United
States, because he came into competition with
the Senator from my own State and my valued
personal friend. He comes here and repeats
in public debate what he overheard in private
conversation. If he is satisfied after I have
had an opportunity to explain, I also am satis-
fied. .
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I again
deny that there was any such private conver-
sation, or that Mr. Fessenden's name was
mentioned at all. .
Mr. BLAINE. I was not sneaking to the
gentleman and was not addressing the House
at the time of the alleged conversation.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. You were
addressing the House.
