818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
Mr. BLAINE. The Globe shows nothing
of the kind.
Mr. STEVEN'S, of Pennsylvania. You were
ranging from one side to the other.
Mr. BLAINE. I now yield to tlie gentle-
man from Wisconsin.
Mr. ELDBIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I have
almost lost the desire I had when I appealed
to the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine] to
allow me to address an inquiry to him. I do
not propose to take any part or lot in the ex-
pressions of kindness and generosity and sym-
pathy which gentlemen have used toward each
other on the other side of the House; but on
this subject of adjournment I do feel some in-
terest. I desire that this Congress should
speedily adjourn. I think since we came to-
gether in the Fortieth Congress each day has
made it more and more unceitain and difficult
to know why we were called together or what
good purpose was to be subserved thereby.
It is said there are a large number of offices
yet to bo filled by the President, and that the
appointments have to go before tho Senate for
its action thereon. Whose fault is it that those
offices are not filled? [ understand that the
President lias furnished nominations of good,
unobjectionable men without number, in some
cases six or ten for one office one after the
other, and that the Senate have rejected them
on purely political grounds. I understand that
gentlemen desired this Congress to assemble
immediately afler tho preceding one because
the President during tho recess of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress had made removals, in some
cases for political reasons, and they desired to
prevent such removals. Gentlemen propose
to impeach the President now for making re-
movals on political grounds, and yet propose
to keep Congress in perpetual session in order
that tlie Senate may reject the President's
nominations 011 precisely the same grounds—
difference in politics.
Mr. (! A UFI ML1) rose.
.Mr. I'JfPitlDCK. I do not yield at this
moment, because 1 propose after a moment to
propound a question to the gentleman in refer-
ence to some things which lie asserted before.
Now, 1 will not enter into tho discussion of
tlie question of loyally. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Bijtiei'. | says all the
loyal people of the country demand the im-
peachment of the President. But the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Blaine] alleges that all
tlie people of the country pronounce the move-
ment a consummate piece of folly.
Mr. BUTLER. If the gentleman will allow
me, 1 think I10 mistook my statement. I said
the whole of tlie loyal people of tho country
demanded that this question of impeachment
should be settled one way or tlie other.
Mr. ELDRIDU Ii. Perhaps that was the
remark of the gentleman, but it struck me at
the same time that this word loyalty was be-
coming a very indefinite and uncertain term.
I supposed 1 understood its meaning, and yet [
ihought of asking the gentlemen on the other
side of the House what lltc.v meant by it in
their controversy will] each ot her. The Speaker
of this House, when he was chosen as such of
this Congress, made a distinction between loy-
alty and law, using the phrase liberty, loyalty,
and law, and from that time I myself had
some doubt as to what loyalty did mean in the
opinions of the gentlemen 011 the other sido.
It is impossible for me to determine satisfac-
torily to myself what gentlemen do mean by
it. The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blainu]
claims to bo loval, and the gentleman from
Massachusetts | Mr. Butler] claims to be loyal.
Perhaps they feel very much like the man who
lately was boasting of his loyalty and was
asked how lie fell He said he felt loyal.
"Well, what kind of a feeling is that," he was
asked. '• Why,1' said he, ''I feel as though I
wanted to kill somebody and steal something.''
[Laughter.] It seems to me since the President
has occupied his present position to the party
that-elected him, since these gentlemen have
out-grown him, they act as though they wanted
to kill him and then steal a man into his place
whom they can use for their own purposes.
And now a word to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.] lie made a statement
a few moments ago that the President was
anxious to got rid of this Congress, and he
asserted that he had that information second-
handed from gentlemen on this side of the
House. Now, if tho gentleman has that infor-
mation, he has more on the subject than I
have myself or am able to gain from any of
the gentlemen around me ; and, sir, I now ask
him what gentleman on this side of the House
has informed him that it was the President's
desire to get rid of this Congress by its speedy
adjournment?
Mr. GARBTELD. If the gentleman will
allow me a moment, I wish to correct a state-
ment he made in reference to my remarks. I
do not desire to be misunderstood. The gentle-
man said I desired Congress to remain in ses-
sion for two purposes: first, to compel the ap-
pointment of certain persons to office; and
secondly, for the purpose of impcaching the
President. I call his attention to the fact that
I made no allusion whatever to the question
of impeachment. That subject has been re-
ferred to a committee for examination and
report. I have nothing to say in that direction
until we hear from the committee.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not think my re-
mark was personal to the gentleman in that
regard; but the gentleman did say that the
President desired to get rid of this Congress,
and he had it second-handed from gentlemen
on this sido of tho Houso who were better
informed than he. I demand of him to know,
if he will tell us, from what gentleman on this
side he gets that information, for I do not be-
lieve he has it.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to know if the
gentleman declares that he does not believe I
have heard what 1 say I have heard ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No, sir; not in that
sense.
Mr. GARFIELD. Very well, that ends his
colloquy with mc.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not wish to make
any charge. I simply say that if the gentleman
has information on that subject, I do not think
he has it from any authorized sourcc. I make
110 reflection upon the gentleman.
Mr! GARFIELD. I am glad the gentleman
does not.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have never, like the
gentleman, heaped insulting epithets upon gen-
tlemen on the other side of the Housg with
whom I differ politically.
Mr. GARFIELD. As the "gentleman has
made an explanation that is satisfactory, I beg
to say that 1 have heaped no epithets on that
side of the House. I expressed it as my opinion
merely that the President of the United States
would be very glad to have t.Iio Fortieth Con-
gress adjourn, and some gentleman 011 the other
sido asked me how I knew it, and I said simply
that I understood it from the friends of the
President himself. I understand it as I under-
stand it is daylight when the sun shines, or that
it is dark in the night; as every man under-
stands the current opinions of the people on
any question. I do not suppose that anybody
here denies that it is uncomfortable in many
respects for the President of the United States
that Congress is here. That is all I meant and
all I now mean. There is no cause of misun-
derstanding.
Now, one word more, and I shall have done.
I simply desire to say that it was purely on the
ground of legislative and executive business
that I raised my objection to agreeing now
to adjourn on Tuesday next. I alleged then,
as I allege now, that there are many impor-
tant appointment^, that have been hanging over
and have been delayed for a long time; and
if we now agree to adjourn this House at some
specific time near at hand and leave 110 pres-
sure upon the Senate or the President, I can
very easily foresee that all these appointments
will be crowded in at tho last moment, and we
shall be compelled either to have the offices
vacant or accept persons to fill them who are
not acceptable to our constituents.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to inquire again
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
whether he now repeats the assertion which
he made when upon the floor before, that the
President of the United States is anxious to
get rid of the presence of this Congress, that
the gentleman has that information second-
hand, and that he obtained it from gentle-
men uporie this side of the House ? Or does
he mean to "be now understood that he has that
information, to use his own language as nearly
as I can repeat it, "as he knows it is day when
the sun shines, or that it is night when it is
dark," by seeing or not being able to see?
Mr. GARFIELD. I take it that is informa-
tion enough. I meant simply that.
Now, I desire to say that before this Con-
gress adjourns I think it ought to provide for
a class of cases which were neglected at the
last session. On the last day of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress, when the Senate rejected a
large number of nominationsforFederal offices,
officers of the revenue and the Post Office De-
partment, it became necessary under the law
that many of those offices should be closed.
But there are now many persons holding office
in direct violation of the provisions of that
law. Now, it seems to me that unless ap-
pointments to those offices are very soon made
and confirmed, it is our duty to provide what
shall be done in those cases.
For instance, near the close of the last ses-
sion of Congress a man was nominated for one
of the most important post offices in my dis-
trict, and he was rejected by the Senate ; yet
for the last nineteen davs I am told that he
has been holding that oflice and exercising all
its functions, which is in direct and positive
violation of the tenure-of-oflice act. Therp
was no provision in that law under which any
deputy or other person should perform the
duties of a post office pro tempore. We should
at once provide for such a contingency. Cer-
tain it is that we should not allow this continual
violation of the law, and if necessary we should
provide a better law for the case.
Mr. BLAINE. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield.]
Mr. SCOFIELD, I think we ought to de-
termine now whether we will have a continued
business session or adjourn. We havenotbeen
in session three weeks; but few committees have
been appointed, and those only in pursuance of
special resolutions directing their appointment.
We have all felt that wo were very soon going
to adjourn, and I suppose most of the members,
like myself, have made their arrangements to
go home very soon.
But when a proposition is offered to fix the
time for adjournment, one gentleman gets up
and says that there is a little appropriation bill
which ought to be passed. I thought we had
almostbeggared the Treasury by the appropria-
tions which we made at the last session. An-
other gentleman has some appointment which
he wants to have made and confirmed by the
Senate before we adjourn. Now, I thought we
had long ago run out this administration of all
acceptable appointments which we were likely
to get, and some other gentleman lias some
other little bill he wants parsed before we ad-
journ, and so one excuse after another is made
to detain us here without our regular commit-
tees, and constantly 011 the eve of an adjourn-
ment.
Now, I am willing to remain here all sum-
mer if there is any necessity for our being re-
tained here ; but if that is to be done, I want to
have it so declared; I want to have our commit-
tees appointed, and have what legislation we
do go through its regular and legitimate course.
I do not want to be detained here by.a,Js:ind of
—I was about to say chicanery ; I do ;k>i want
to be detained here upon what may bo termed
false pretenses. I know it is not necessary fo*
Congress to remain here for the purpose of
passing some little appropriation bills, after we
