1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
819
passed so many large ones at the last session.
If any appropriation bills are necessary let
your Committee on Appropriations be ap-
pointed. Your rules require that that com-
mittee shall report the appropriation bills
within thirty days after they are appointed,
and not to wait until the close of the session
or the beginning of another session before they
do so.
I know that it is not necessary for us to stay
here to see about the appointment of a post-
master or anything of that kind. But if we
are going to impeach the President, then it is
necessary. If such a proceeding is to take
place, then let the gentlemen who are in favor
of impeachment bring forward that measure,
and let the House determine upon it. Why
has it not been done within the last three
weeks? The question has been referred to a
committee who have been authorized to sit
during the summer and report to us next fall;
and this course has been taken with the sanc-
tion of the very gentlemen who talk now of
detaining us here for the sake of prosecuting
au impeachment. While I wish to express no
opinion upon the question of impeachment
until 1 hear the evidence; while I hope to
show at! much courage, if courage is needed,
upon that question as any of the most radical
gentlemen with whom I act, still I am opposed
to staying here to be trifled with. 1 do not
wish to be kept here from day to day, under
the pretense that there is some little appoint-
ment or some little bill that ought to be at-
tended to, while the real purpose is ultimately
to bring forward this measure. Let the meas-
ure be brought forward if it is to comc. Why,
sir, when can we have it presented? Not within
a month, I suppose; probably not within two
months. If we are not to have it, why not
adjourn? And if we are going to adjourn at
all, we shall be just as nearly ready next Tues-
day as we ever shall be. jivery day that we
remain here some member thinks of another
little appropriation bill or another little ap-
pointment or another little claim ; and propo-
sitions are being piled upon the table to be
sent to committees when they shall be ap-
pointed. Now, sir, let us determine this
question one way or another. For my own
part I am going to vole for adjournment just
because the gentlemen who are opposing it
have biought forward nothing for us to act
upon.
Mr. BLAINE. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwei.l] five
minutes.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, my wish
is that the gentleman from Maine would with-
draw his resolution until perhaps Tuesday or
Wednesday of next week. I am clear in my
own mind as to the reasons which should con-
■ trol this House as one branch of the Govern-
ment in acting on this question. The great
and substantia] reason is that whether this
■ House shall proceed to impeach the President
or not, the majority of the people of this coun-
try, South and North, black and white, loyal
and rebel, have pretty generally lost confidence
in him.
Mr. BLAINE. That is true.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Whether this loss of
confidence be based upon facts in his character
or measures of his public policy, or upon sus-
picion or pi-ejudice merely, I do not propose
now to inquire. The great fact is that the
people of the country everywhere have lost
confidence in the wisdom, if not in the honesty,
of his Administration.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman will allow
me to inquire whether he thinks that our stay-
ing here will restore confidence in the Presi-
dent?
Mr. BOUTWELL. No, sir; but I think
that the people of this country look to Con-
gress as the only shield which can possibly
avert from them e\ila which they apprehend,
but which they do not plainly discover or
understand.
I think the gentleman from Maine ought to
withdraw his resolution until those in this
House upon whom the responsibility rests as
to the conduct of public affairs, as far as they
are within the control of this branch of the
Legislature, have had an opportunity to con-
sider the subject. It is certainly of grave im-
port to the country whether this Congress ad-
journs to November or chooses to take a recess
for a shorter period of time. For myself, in
view of the danger to the country of adjourn-
ing until October or November or December
next, without power being vested anywhere
except in the President of the United States,
I do declare that I cannot hold myself excused
if I consent to the resolution before the House.
I am content as far as I can see what isbefore
us, if an arrangement can be made for an ad-
journment of sixty or ninety days ; but with
my views of the responsibility resting on the
House, it seems to me unwise to adjourn for a
longer period of time.
I ask the gentleman from Maine to give us
an opportunity to consider what shall be done
in reference to the measures now pending. An
inquiry has been ordered looking to the im-
peachment of the collector of the port of New
York. That oflicer, in a financial point of
view, is the second or third officer of the coun-
try, having the custody of immense funds, be-
ing the avenue through which we gather in
means of paying the interest on the public
debt, and thereby of protecting our national
credit. He is clothed with great financial
power for the benefit or injury of the country.
That officer is charged, upon testimony taken
by a committee of this House, and, as they say,
upon his own confession, of being guilty of
corrupt conduct, which, under the Constitu-
tion, makes him amenable as an officer of this
Government to impeachment and trial for
high crimes and misdemeanors. With that
statement before the House, and the testimony
not yet printed, a proposition is made to leave
this Government, with all its political institu-
tions and ten States or one third of the terri-
tory of the Republic, subject entirely in the
matter of reconstruction to the control of one
man in whom we have not confidence. It is
proposed also to leave the great financial place
of honor and trust in the hands of a person
charged before the House and country, and
upon his own admissions as it is stated, with
being guilty of corruption in office.
One word in regard to the matter of impeach-
ment. The gentleman from Maine intimates
that the country has been already advised that
there is nothing serious in this proceeding.
Sir, I do not stand here to disclose anything
I have learned in committee, or to refer to it,
but I declare for myself, as one member of
the committee, that nothing would be more
serious in the performance of a public duty
than my assent to a solemn resolution of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, that the President of
the United States, on the testimony, was so far
connected with transactions of an improper
character, that it was the duty of the Fortieth
Congress to proceed with the investigation.
For myself I speak as well as for the commit-
tee, when I state that we are now proceeding
earnestly, seriously, and deliberately in the
investigation with which we are charged.
"Whether the people or the newspapers are for
impeachment or against it need not now be
made matters of inquiry. The investigation
is prosecuted for the purpose and for the sole
purpose of ascertaining whether the President
is guilty of impeachable offenses or^ not. If
he bo so found guilty, the committee will
report the fact and the evidence to the House;
and if he be found not guilty, with equal
courage and more satisfaction, the committee
will report to the House and the country that
he is not guilty, believing that the people
and the newspapers will alike sustain the com-
mittee. . , , ,, ,
Mr. BLAINE. I yield now to the gentle-
man from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson,] the chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary.
" Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It seems to me,
Mr. Speaker, this matter is presented to the
House in such a manner that members are to
take the choice between au adjournment Until
next fall and continuing in perpetual session.
If I am to choose between those two alterna-
tives I shall vote to adjourn until fall. It is
suggested by the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia that there is no such question presented.
I cannot see it in any other form. Here is a
resolution proposing to adjourn till Novem-
ber. It is opposed because it is said to be
necessary for us to remain and dangerous for
ns to go away. No plan is proposed by which
we may adjourn over to an early day, and from
that to some other day, and thus hold the ses-
sion in our hands. Every person can see that
it is simply a question as to whether we are to
remain here continuously or take an adjourn-
ment till the coming fall.
Now, sir, when the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts speaks of the danger to the country
of our going away, I beg leave to say that so
far as the business, the commercial interests
of the country arc concerned, there is greater
danger to be apprehended from our remaining
hero in the condition we now are than in our
taking an adjournment till fall. Every person
connecrted with the business and commercial
interest of the country is kept in a constant
state of uncertainty and inquietude. No man
knows at what time some measure may be
launched into this House which is going to
effect the general business of the country dis-
astrously or otherwise. Everything is unsettled.
Now, sir, in regard to the matter of impeach-
ment to which my colleague on the committee
[Mr. Boutwell] has spoken, I will say this,
as confirmatory of what he said: that the com-
mittee has been diligently pursuing that sub-
ject, but ho knows and 1 know and every
member of the committee knows that wo can
devote but a small portion of our time to this
investigation while this House is in session.
Mr. BUTLER. Why not?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Why not? Because
we are sent here by our constituents to look
after their interests. Our place is in this
House. We are interested in every measure
that is introduced, and our constituents are
interested in every measure. It is my duty to
be here in my seat when the House is in ses-
sion that I may guard the interests I am sent
here to protect. That being the case, there is
comparatively a small portion of the time that
we can devote to this investigation. If there
should be an adjournment the committee will
then have ample time to give the subject a
thorough investigation, and I do not know of
any member of the committee who has any
desire to act otherwise than as the House has
directed, to investigate, and thoroughly investi-
gate, that subject. But I do not wish to keep
everything in'this state of uncertainty for the
purpose of holding the President in check.
The committee must have time to make the
investigation.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to stale that I have
been appealed to by gentlemen on the other
side to let this go over. There is no prejudice
one way or the other, becausc this is a privileged
question. I therefore demand the previous
question on the resolution.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I suggest an amendment:
to strike out November and insert the second
Monday in May.
Mr. BLAINE. I shall not yield. I shall
take the sense of the House on the resolution
as it stands.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I then move to lay the
resolution on the table, and on that I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
House adjourn.
On the motion to adjourn, there were—ayes
42 hogs 62.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken: and it was decided
