820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
in the negative—yeas 59, nays 73, not voting
82 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, James M. Ashley, Banks, Benjamin, Boutwell,
Broomall, Butler, Cake, Church it!, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Covode, Onllom, Donnelly, Eck-
ley, Eggleston, Ela, Farnsworth, Fields, Finney, Gar-
field, Gravely, Hamilton, Hooper, Hopkins, Hunter,
Ingersoll, .Tudd, Ivelley, "William Lawrence, Loan,
Logan, MeClurg, Miller, Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Pile,
Plants, Polsley, Schenek, Shanks, Shellabarger,
Thaddeus Stevens, Taffo, Taylor, Upson, Van Aer-
nam, Robert T. van Horn. Weiker, Thomas Wil-
liams, William Williams, Stephen E. Wilson, Win-
dom, and Woodbridge—59,
NAYS—Messrs. Ames.Baker, Baldwin, Barnes, Bea-
man, Blaine, Blair, Boyer, Brooks, Buckland, Burr,
Chanler-Resder W. Clarke, Cornell, Dodge, Eldridge,
Fcrriss, Ferry, Fox, Get.z, Haight, Halsey, Hayes, Hill,
Holman, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
Humphrey, Julian. Kerr, Ketcham, Kitchen, Koonitz,
Laflin, Lincoln, Loughridgo, Mallory, Marshall,
Marvin, McCarthy, Mercur, Moore, Morrissey, Mun-
fen, Newcomb, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, Paine,
'erham, Peters, Poland, Pruyn, Randall, Robertson,
Robinson, lloss, Scofield, Smith, Spalding, Stewart,
Taber. Thomas. Trowbridge, Twitchell, Van Auken,
Van Trump. Van Wvck, Ward, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, llenry I). Washburn, James F. Wilson,
and John T. Wilson—73.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Benton, Bingham,
Bromwell, Dawes, Denison, Driggs. Eliot, Glossbren-
ner, Griswold, Harding, Ilulburd. Kelsey, George V.
Lawrence, Lynch, MeCullough, Moorhead, Morgan,
Morrell, Phelps, Pike. Pomeroy, Price, Raum, Saw-
yer, Selyc, Sitgreaves, Aaron F. Stevens, Stone, Burt
Van Horn, William B.Washburn, and Wood—32.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Benjamin, to lay the lcsolution upon the
table ; upon which the yeas and nays had been
ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 53, nays 77, not voting
34; as follows:
YEAS— Mossrs. Anderson, Delos R. Ashley, Banks,
Bonjamin, Boutwell, Butler, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Coburn, Cook, Covodo, Driggs, lScltley, 151a, Farns-
worth, Fields, Finney, tiarlield, Gravely, Ha.mil-
ton, Iloopor, Ingersoll, Judd, Kolloy, William Law-
ronec, Loan, Logan, MeClurg, Miller,Morrell, Myers,
0 Noill, Orth, Pile, Polsley, Bohonck, Shanks, Shel-
labarger, Thaddeus Stovons, Taffo, Taylor, Upson,
VanAerniim, Burt Van Horn, Robert i. Van Horn,
Van Wyek, Ward, Wclker, Thomas Williams, Wil-
liam Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and
Wood bridge—S3.
NAi'S—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Baker, Baldwin,
Bai nes, Beanun, Blaine, Blair, Buyer, Brooks, Buck-
land, Burr, Chanler, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke,
Cornell, Dodge, Donnelly, lfegleston, Eldridgo, Fcr-
riss, lorry, 1'ox, Getz, llaisht, Halsey, llayos, Hill,
Ilolman, Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard. Chestor D.
Hubbard, Ilulburd, Humphrey, Julian. Kerr, Ketch-
am, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, Lincoln, Loughridge,
Mallory, Marshall, Marvm, McCarthy, Mercur,
Moore Morrissey, Mungen, Neweomb, Niblaolc,
Nicholson, Noell, Paine, Perham, Peters, Poland,
Pruyn, Randall, Robertson, Robinson, Ross, Sco-
field, Smith, Spalding, Stewart, Taber, Thomas,
Trowbridge, Twitchcll, Van Aukcn, Van Trump,
Cadwalador 0. Washburn, Henry D. Washburn,
James F. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—77.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, James M. Ashley,
Benton, Bingham, Bromwell, Broomall, Cake, Cul-
lom, Dawes, Denison, Eliot, Ulossbronner, Griswold,
Harding, Hunter, Kelsoy, George V. Lawrence,
Lynch, McCullough, Moorhead, Morgan, Phelps,
Pike. Plants, Pomeroy, Price, Raum, Sawver, Selye,
bitereavos, Aaron F. Stevens, Stone, William B.
Washburn, and Wood—34.
So the motion to lay the resolution on the
table was not agveed to. _
The question recurred upon seconding the
call for the previous question.
Mr. INGERSOLL (at live minutes past four
o'clock p. m.) moved that the House adjourn.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 37, noes 55.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. INGERSOLL called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 55, nays 72, not voting
37: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, Banks, Bonjamin, Benton, Boutwell, Butler,
Sidney Clarke, toburn, Cook, Covode, Cullom, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Eckley, Ela, Farnsworth, Fields, Fin-
ney, Garfield, Gravely, Hamilton, Hooper, Hulburd,
Hunter, Ingersoll, Judd, Kelley, William Lawrence,
Loan, Logan, MeClurg, Mercur, Miller, Morrell,
Myers, Orth, Pile, Polsley, Schenek. Shanks, Shella-
barger, Aaron F Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Taffe,
^ayler, upson, Van Aemam, Robert T. Van Horn,
Weiker, fnomas Williams. William Williams, Ste-
phen F. Wilson, and Windom—55.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Baker, Baldwin, Barnes,
.Beam&n, Blame, Blair, Boyer, Brooks, Buckland,
Burr, Chaiiler, Cornell, Eggleston, Eldridge, Forriss
Ferry, Fox, Getz, llaiglit, Halsey, Hayes, Hill, Hol-
man, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard
Humphrey, Julian, Kerr, Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz.
Laflin, Lincoln, Loughridgo, Mallory, Marshall, Mar-
vin, McCarthy, Moore, Morrissey, Mungen, New-
comb, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, Perham, Peters,
Poland, Price, Pruyn, Randall, Robertson, Robin-
son, Ross, Scofield, Smith, Spalding, Stewart, Taber,
Thomas, Trowbridge, Twitchell, Van Auken, Burt
Vanllorn, Van Trump, Ward, CadwalnderC. Wash-
burn. Henry D. Washburn, James F. Wilson, John
T.Wilson, and Woodbridge—72.
NOT VOTING—Mossrs. Archer, James M. Ashley.
Bingham, Bromwell, Broomall, Cake, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Dawes, Denison, Dodge,
Eliot, Glossbrenner, Griswold, Harding, Hopkins,
Kelsey, George V. Lawronce, Lynch, McCullough,
Moorhead, Morgan, O'Neill, Paine, Phelps, Pike,
Plants, Pomeroy, Raum, Sawyer, Selye, Sitgreaves,
Stone, Van Wyek, William B. Washburn, and Wood
-37.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon seconding the
call for the previous question.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I ask the gentle
man from Maine [Mr. Blaine] to withdraw
his call for the previous question until I can
make a suggestion to the House.
Mr. SPALDING. I object to the tall for
the previous question being withdrawn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Maine has the right to withdraw the
call before it is seconded.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I will renew the
call.
Mr. BLAINE. How soon ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. In five minutes.
Mr. BLAINE. I do not desire to take up
more of the time of the House in discussing
this matter. I will withdraw the call, how-
ever, for the purpose of allowing the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] to make
a statement, but for no other purpose.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a point of order.
After the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine]
has called the previous question and taken his
seat he has no jonger any right to the floor.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Maine has a right to withdraw his
call for the previous question at any time be-
fore it has been seconded.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The time of the gentle-
man had expired under the hour rule.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Maine introduced a privileged reso-
lution, and under the rule was entitled to an
hour to open the debate upon it. He yielded
from time to time to other gentlemen, and
when the hour had expired the Chair announced
the?' fact. Had any other gentleman then
claimed the floor, as the Chair supposed some
one would do, ho would have been recognized
by the Chair and been entitled to the floor for
an hour. But no other gentleman claiming
the floor, the gentleman from Maine again
obtained the floor and called the previous
question. Ho now proposes to withdraw that
call; which he has a right to do, the call not
having yet been seconded.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I make a further point
of order. The gentleman from Maine did not
withdraw the motion for the previous question
unconditionally; he simply proposed to with-
draw it to give five minutes to the gentleman
from Ohio. It is to that I object. He does
not propose to yield unconditionally so that
other gentlemen may have the floor.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
sustains the point of order. The gentleman
from Maine has the fight to withdraw the call
for the previous question unconditionally, and
yield the floor to the gentleman from Ohio;
but he cannot impose a condition, if the con-
dition is objected to. Objection being made,
the gentleman cannot yield unless he relin-
quishes his right to the floor.
Mr. BLAINE. Then I do not yield. I trust
I shall not be accused of discourtesy to the
gentleman from Ohio. I was willing to yield
to him conditionally, but other gentlemen ob-
ject. I must therefore insist on the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask the gentle-
man to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. BLAINE. I can do so only by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. SHELLA BARGE&. I hope that the
demand for the previous question will not be
sustained.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question, there were—ayes 55, noes 55.
Mr. BOYER. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Blaine
and Shellabarger were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 63, noes 54.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, (at four o'clock and
thirty-five minutes p. m.) I move that the
House now adjourn.
Mr. WARD. I rise to a point of order. I
submit that a proposition to fix a day to which
the House shall adjourn takes precedence of a
mere motion to adjourn; and therefore the
motion of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Farnsworth] cannot be acted on till the other
question has been decided.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the point of order.
Mr. WARD. The Chair will allow me a
single remark. As I understand the pending
resolution, it proposes to fix the 11th day of
November as the time to which the House
shall adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The rule to
which the gentleman refers relates to a simple
resolution or motion to adjourn for three days
or less, the decision of which is entirely within
the control of the House. This, however,
being a concurrent resolution proposing that
the House, with the assent of the Senate, shall
adjourn until next November, it does not come
within the rule to which the gentleman refers.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I call
for the yeas and nays on the motion to adjourn. ■
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 04, nays 02, not voting
38; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison. Ames, Anderson, Delos R.
Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Bonjamin, Benton,
Boutwell, Butler, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook,
Covode,Cullom, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Ela, Farns-
worth, Fields, Finney, Garfield, Gravely, Hamilton,
Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Ilulburd. Hunter, Judd,
Kelley, William Lawrence, Loan, Logan, MeClurg,
Mercur, Miller, Morrell, Myers, Newcomb, Orth,
Peters. Pile, Polsley, Schonck, Scofield, Shanks,
Shellabarger, Aaron F. Stevens, Taffe, Taylor, Trow-
bridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Rob-
ert T. Van Horn, Cadwalader C. Washburu, Henry
D. Washburn. Weiker, Thomas Williams, William
Williams, and Windom—04.
NAYS —Mossrs. Barnes, Beaman, Blaine, Blair,
Boyer, Brooks, Buckland, Burr, Chanlcr, Churchill,
Cornell, Dodge, Eggleston, Bklridgre, Ferriss, Ferry,
Fox, Getz, Haight, Halsey, Hayes, Ihll, Chester
D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Julian, Kerr, Ketcham,
Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, Lincoln, Lougliridge, Mal-
lory, Marshall, Marvin, McCarthy, Moore, Morris-
sey, Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, Paine, Per- •
ham, Poland, Pruyn, Randall, Robertson, Robinson,
Ross, Smith, Spalding, Stewart, Taber, Thomas,
Twitchell, Van Auken, Van Trump, Ward, James F.
Wilson, John T. Wilson, and Woodbridge—62.
NOT VOTING—Mossrs. Archer, James M.Ashley,
Bingham, Bromwell, Broomall, Cake, Reader W.
Clarke, Dawes, Denison, Eliot, Glossbrenner, Gris-
wold, Harding, Holman, Hopkins, Ingersoll, Kelsey,
George V. Lawrence, Lynch, McCullough, Moor-
head. Morgan, O'Neill, Phelps, Pike, Plants, Pome-
roy, Price, Raum, Sawyer, Selye, Sitgreaves, Thad-
deus Stevens, Stono, Van Wyek, William B. Wash-
burn, Stephen F. Wilson, and Wood—38.
So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
PETITION.
The following petition was presented under the
rule, ana referred to the appropriate committee:
By Mr. CAKE: A petition of workingmen of
behuylkill county, Pennsylvania, who are out of em-
ployment because of the prostration of the industrial
interests of the nation, praying Congress to take early
action upon the tariff question.
NOTICE OE A BILL.
The following notice for leave to introduce a bill
was given under the rule:
By Mr. KERR: A bill to authorize and require the
administration of oaths in certain cases and to punish
perjury, and for other purposes.
