322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
the pending question.
Mr. CONNESS. Then upon that question
I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to have this reso-
lution brought back here. It has gone to the
House, and I was rather surprised to learn
that fact. I desire to bring it back for the
purpose of entering a motion to reconsider it,
to see if we cannot fix a day on which Con-
gress can come together, if it be necessary to
do so, between now and December. I am satis-
fied that we ought to do that, and that it would
be safer for the country if it should be done.
Mr. CHANDLER. As I understand it,
there is no question before the Senate. The
resolution has gone to the other House. The
Senator from Massachusetts desires to enter
a motion to have that resolution recalled in
order that he may make a motion to recon-
sider. It is customary to make a motion of
that kind where a bill or resolution has gone
from the Senate. The question cannot be
taken now; as I understand it, because the
resolution is not befoi'e the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to the motion.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is to request the House of Representa-
tives to return the resolution in order that a
motion to reconsider may be made. That is
a motion, like every other, before the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish simply to say
that it is not probable that I shall vote for the
motion to reconsider, although I cannot say ;
I may hear good reasons to change my opinion.
But it is very well known that there are in the
Senate a certain number of days allowed within
which a motion may be made to reconsider,,
and when a Senator rose who voted with the
majority and said he wished to move to recon-
sider, and the bill had gone before the time
expired, I have never known a case where a
request to recall the matter to enable the mo-
tion to bo made has been refused to him. I
think it has always been as a matter of course
acceded to where any Senator desired to move
a reconsideration, if the matter had gone out
of the possession of the Senate. I shall there-
fore vote in favor of requesting the return of
the resolution if the Senator wishes to recon-
sider it.
Mr. SUMNER. I will add one remark to
what the Senator from Maine has said : that
unless we do recall a bill or a resolution like
this on the suggestion of a Senator, the rule
authorizing a motion to reconsider within two
days may be avoided.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Exactly so.
Mr. SUMNER. It may be treated as noth-
ing. Now, I think we ought to stand by our
rules; those are established with a view to the
public interests aud to the conduct of public
business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We spent several hours
on Saturday on this resolution, and had several
votes upon it. I think the sense of the Senate
was pretty clearly manifested. There was some
opposition to adjourning. Thepropositionupon
which the Senator from Massachusetts now
speaks was submitted to tho Senate and voted
upon directly, to meet at some intermediate
time. I think the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Si'mxer] presented it. As the Senator
has stated what his object is, it seems to me
we might, get at this more directly on the pres-
ent motion. If tho resolution is sent for, there
can be no object in having it here and taking
up time with it unless a majority of tho Senate
think we had better alter the resolution, and I
thought we might have tested that question on
this motion. However, the Senator from Maine
and the Senator from Massachusetts seem to
think differently, and that this is a motion to
be made as a matter of course. If that is the
understanding of the Senate, then any one can
make the motion, and there ought to be no
objection to it. I supposed it would be just as
well to settle tho whole question on this motion
as it would be to recall the resolution. I am
not particular about it, however. I am in favor
of the adjournment of Congress. I think noth-
ing will be made by bringing the resolution
"beetle
Mr. FESSENDEN. The difference is, that
unless it is before the Senate you cannot with
any propriety, within the rules of order, de-
bate the question. I merely speak in refer-
ence to what has always been the practice.
Mr. CONNESS. The practice has often
been violated in that regard.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I never knew it done
in my life.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, that the House of Representatives
be requested to return the resolution named
by him.
Mr. COLE. I hope the motion of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts will prevail, and that
the resolution will be brought back to the Sen-
ate for further consideration. I am now, aa I
was before, very much opposed to adjourning
over for eight or nine months without leaving
it in the power of Congress to meet in the
mean time at all. It seems to me we should
be repeating the same condition of things that
we underwent in 1865, during the eight or nine
months that elapsed between the accession of
the present Executive to the Presidency and
the meeting of Congress in December. I am
in favor of adjourning early, and believe that
if it is within our power to meet during the
summer once or more, no necessity will arise
for meeting during the summer ; but I very
much apprehend that if wo adjourn over till
December wo shall have repeated what oc-
curred two years ago, and it will result in
establishing more firmly the policy to which
we have been dissenting ever since, and which
we do not wish to see established in this coun-
try. I earnestly hope that the resolution will
be rccallcd'from the other House.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On this
question tho yeas and nays have been de-
manded.
Mr. CONNESS. I withdraw the call for the
yens and nays.
The motion of Mr. Wilson" was agreed to.
SURVEYS OF KlVEItS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am instructed by the
Committee 011 Commerce, in accordance with
the recommendation of the Secretary of War,
to report a joint resolution, on which I will
ask the present action of the Senate, if there
be 110 objection.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 48) in relation to the execution of
surveys of rivers ordered by Congress, was read
twice and considered as in tho Committee of
the Whole. It provides that tho chief of En-
gineers may, with the approval of the Secre-
tary of War, employ such civil engineers, not
exceeding five in number, for the purpose of
executing surveys and improvements of west-
ern and northwestern rivers, ordered by Con-
gress, as may be necessary to the proper and
diligent prosecution of the same; and the per-
sons so employed may be allowed a reasonable
compensation for their services, not to exceed
thc^sumof $3,000 per annum. •
The joint resolution was reported to tho
Senate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
PROCEEDS OP CAPTURED PROPERTY
_Mr. SHERMAN. 1 am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to report back the joint
resolution (II. It. No. 19) directing that certain
moneys now in the hands of the United States
Treasurer, as special agent of the Treasury
Department, be covered by warrant into the
United States Treasury, with a recommenda-
tion that it be postponed until the first Monday
in December next. The committee have di-
rected me to make a verbal statement with
regard to this resolution. We have examined
it very carefully. The resolution recites that—
Js n0Tr >n the hands of the Treasurer of the
united States, as special agent of the Treasury De-
partment, several million dollars, tho proceeds of
property captured during the rebellion, which money
is under the control of the Secretary of the Treasury,
and as it now stands may be disposed of in settling
claims preferred by the alleged tormer owners of said
captured property without the sanction of Cougreas.
By an official report, which was only printed
this morning, sent to both Houses of Congress
on the 2d of March, 1867,1 find that the House
of Representatives acted on this matter under
a misapprehension of the facts. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in his statement, says
that the whole amount of captured and aban-
doned property was $34,052,800 54, of which
amount the sum of $24,742,022 55 remains as
net proceeds, the balance being paid for trans-
portation and other expenses of managing this
fund. Each of the Secretaries of the Treas-
ury, three of them in the last few years, has,
under the existing laws, released certain prop-
erty that was improperly taken or improperly
held by the United States authorities. The
amount so released was about a million dol-
lars, or something over that, a full statement
of which is given in this document. All of this
money has been passed into the .Treasury ex-
cept $700,000; and as to that I will read this
statement, which will probably relieve the
members of the House from their anxiety as
to the money:
"The claims examined and decided have been mi-
merous and complicated. The papers and evidence
in the same are voluminous, and cannot be readily
incorporated into a general statement; but the samo
are of record in the Department, and, in any case
which the Senate desire specially to investigate, will
be submitted for examination.
"All monoys realized from tho sales of property re-
ceived under the act in question, and other similar
acts, are not repaid to claimants as set forth in state-
ments A and B, or disbursed as expenses of collect-
ing and disposing1 of the same as provided by law,
havo passed into tho hands of the Treasurer of the
United States, and havo also been regularly covered
into the Treasury as receipts from captured and aban-
doned property, exccpt the sum of $500,000 now on
deposit with tho Farmers' Loan and Trust Company
of NewYork to secure the sureties on a bond required
to bo given by Simeon Draper, late cotton a^ent at
Now York, in a suit against him, and now pend-
ing in New York, instituted by tho firm of Dennis-
toun & Co., to recover the proceeds of alleged block-
ade cotton, taken by agents of the Government and
shipped to Mr. Draper for sale; and except, al«o,
about seven hundred thousand dollars, which re-
mains uncovered, for tho payment of expenses in-
cident to the collection, care, and disposition of such
property, as provided by law; to detray the expenses
of certain suits for the recovery of such property or
its proceeds, now being prosecuted abroad; to satisfy
any judgments which may be obtained against any
agents of the Department in suits instituted against
them for aots dono in an official capacity concerning
such property; and also to await the final settlement
of certain specific claims pending for the proceeds
of property alleged to have been wrongfully taken,
which the Department may properly adjudicate."
It seems, then, that the "several million
dollars" spoken of in the preamble to this
joint resolution have already been transferred
•to the Treasury, or what is called " covered "
into the Treasury, excepting the sum of
$500,000 held to await the decision of the Su-
preme Court, and also the sum,of $700,000,
which remains uncovered to defray the ex-
penses of collection of such property and also
to satisfy such judgments of the Court of Claims
as may be made. I have also a statement
from two of the judges of the Court of Claims
that there are cases pending before that court
involving a portion of this sum, and that they
are proceeding to examine them as rapidly as
possible. _ Under this state of the case the
apprehensions of the House seem* to be1 un-
founded, and the committee were unanimously
of the opinion that the subject-matter had
better be postponed until the next session.
There is no objection, to "covering" all the
$700,000 not needed to pay the expenses and
to provide for the claims passed upon by the
Court of Claims; but as it will be difficult to
make the exceptions now carefully, the com-
mittee thought there was a propriety in post-
poning the matter until the first Monday of
December next; and I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
TIIB PATENT OFFICE."
Mr. SHERMAN. I am also directed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 28) to increase the force in
the Patent Office, and for other purposes, to
report it with an amendment to strike out ail
