324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
yet this department has but the same force to
perform this amount of labor that it had then,
and no more clerks, no more assistants, al-
though the duties have increased and the diffi-
culties in the discharge of those duties are con-
stantly increasing. I think there is evident
necessity for a solicitor or some advisory officer,
some gentleman of legal attainments who will
be able to advise the Commissioner of Patents
in respect to the nice legal questions arising
before him. Notwithstamding the praiseworthy
and energetic efforts of "the Commissioner of
Patents to keep up the business of that office,
he is now behind six to eight months in the
average in the various classes of business. I
have before me a table showing the business
of the office for each year from 1837 to 1866.
I will not trouble the Senate with it; but it
shows a gradual increase, and during the last
few years a remarkable increase; and I am
assured by the Commissioner of Patents that
the indications now are that the increase of.
business during the present year will be much
greater than it has ever been heretofore. Here
is a short synopsis of the table;
" The foregoing shows that the number of applica-
tions for patonts rocoived in 18GG exceeded that of
18fi5 by nearly fifty per cent., and that of 1861 by
more than one hundrod per cent., and tho numborof
caveats tiled excoodcd that of 1865 by nearly two
hundred per cent. The number of patents issued
exceeded that of 18G5 by noarly fifty per cont., while
that of 18li5 oxcocdod any previous year moro than
thirty per cent.
"Tho receipts into the patent fund exceeded that of
1SG5 by moro than forty-two per cent., while tho ex-
penditures were increased less than thirty-three per
cent., and 1865 exceeded that of any previous year in
receipts by moro than thirty-six per cont.
" If t.lio business of tho oilico continues to increase
as now, and as it has for several months last past, it
is not unreasonable to suppose that tho number of
applications during tho present year will amount to
nearly, if not unite, twenty thousand. This very
great increase of tho business of tho oflico renders it
absolutolynoccssary that tho elorical ami examining
forco should be correspondingly augmented."
There is no difference, and it seems to me
there can be no difference, of opinion in regard
to the propriety and tho necessity, to meet the
interests and demands of the country, of an
increase of the clerical force; and 1 am assured
on conference with the Commissioner of Pat-
ents, and a careful one, loo, in which he was
kind enough to give me all the information in
reference to the matter that I desired, that the
appointment of a solicitor would very greatly
expedite the business of that office, and would
contribute much to the satisfaction of tho dis-
charge of the duties of the office, especially in
respect to applications for tho extension of
patonts and the just and proper decision of
those nice legal distinctions constantly arising
in the discharge of tho duties of that office. 1
am satisfied also, from information received
not only from the Commissioner of Patents,
but from other gentleman familiar with the
business of that office, that the increase of
compensation for the officers and clerks pro-
vided for in this bill is not unreasonable. The
duties upon them are increasing constantly;
the responsibilities are constantly increasing ;
and while I am not so clear and decided in my
conviction in regard to the propriety of increas-
ing tho salaries of tho four officers designated
in the third section of the bill, I am satisfied
from the best examination I have been able to
give to the subject that the appointment of a
solicitor of patents would very materially con-
tribute to the best interests of the country and
to the proper and judicious and rightftfl dis-'
charge of the duties of that office. While we
have been increasing the compensation of
clerics in various other Departments, it strikes
mo that the compensation of these clerks in
the Patent Office should be at least augmented
so as to be upon an equality with that of
clerks in other Departments, who 1 am certain
do not discharge duties of anymore importance
or any more beneficial to the interests of the
country. Inasmuch as the House of Repre-
sentatives have passed the bill, as I suppose
after giving it due consideration, though I have
not" had a conference with the Committee on
Patents, nor do I know whether the gentlemen
constituting that committee have given their
attention to it, I, speaking for myself, would
prefer to see the bill passed as it came from
the House, with all the sections just as thoy
are. I believe that it is right that it should so
pass. It will not increase the burden of the
Government, and I am assured by the Com-
missioner of Patents that if this bill is passed
it will not only be no burden on the Govern-
ment, there being an ample surplus fund of
the Patent Office to pay all this increase of com-
pensation and the salary of the additional offi-
cers, but I am assured by him that it will in-
crease the funds of the Patent Office in a ratio
much greater than these salaries will take any-
thing from them. I hope it will be passed
without the amendment recommended by the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. CONNESS. I have nothing to say as
to this compensations which shall be paid to
these officers, as proposed in the House bill to
which this amendment is offered ; but I deem
it a proper time to allude to a circumstance of,
as I think, material consequence and impor-
tance connected with the Patent Office and the
administration of law there. I undertake to
say, from some knowledge within my posses-
sion, that the erection of the office of solicitor
there, no matter what compensation is paid
him, and the increase of compensation to the
clerks, will not secure a just administration of
law until there are some other changes made
there. A ease eamc to my knowledge recently
which this furnishes an opportunity to call the
attention of tho Senate and of the country to.
I refer to tho proceedings under an act approved
July 26, 1800, "to extend the time of letters-
patent issued to Thaddeus Hyatt." The Sen-
ate will remember that an act was passed just
prior to tho adjournment of the long session
of the last Congress, and it is provided in the
act which I have before me that—
"The Commissioner of Patents is hereby directed,
upon the presentation of said patent,"
"to extend said patent by making a certificate thero-
on, upon a cert i lied copy thereof, of such extension,
in the name of said Thaddeus Hyatt, if in his judg-
ment, upon full honrmg, that tho same should be
granted."
The " hearing" is provided for by law. Now,
sir, that extension was granted of about even
date with the passage of the act, and the "full
hearing" consisted in copies of Mr. Hyatt's
letters being laid before the Commissioner.
There never was any hearing granted; there
was never any time taken to grant a hearing;
but the reissue was made in a manner so un-
justifiable and so utterly in violation of the
statute that I felt it my duty at this time to
call public attention to tho fact, and to say,
based upon my knowledge of this ease, that
the erection of the office of solicitor in the
Patent Office will not secure a just adminis-
tration of that office. I intend, in pursuance
of this matter, to offer a resolution calling for
copies of the papers from the Interior Depart-
ment, connected with the reissue of tho patent
in this case, to show the manner in which busi-
ness is done there. I feel it my duty at this
time to call public attention to this important
fact.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. I am quite averse to
bills that come in here at the very close of the
session, when there is very little opportunity
for an examination and consideration of them,
increasing the force in particular Departments.
There lias been ample time during this session
and during the previous session to have that
matter thoroughly understood and investigated
if that time had been improved ; but it comes
here just at the last moment, though we can-
not suppose that this matter has only within a
very recent period received the consideration
of the Commissioner. But, sir, from what I
know of the business of the office I am very
well satisfied that an increase of the forco of
assistant examiners is necessary. Therefore,
upon my own knowledge and belief, acquired
from some previous acquaintance with it, I
shall support that part of the bill which has
been recommended by the Committee on Fi-
nance. I am at a loss, however, to conceive
what necessity there is for a solicitor. I am
not convinced by the statement made by the
honorable Senator from West Virginia on that
subject, because I think that there is sufficient
legal ability in the department already, which
the Commissioner can at any time avail him-
self of to acquire any legal information he may
desire. The Senate is aware that there are
three persons holding office as examiners-in-
chief. Their business is strictly legal, to give
legal opinions upon what has passed through
the assistant examiners. Two of these gentle-
men at least, one from New York and one
from Vermont, are gentlemen of high legal
attainments. One of them has been himself
at the head of the Patent Office heretofore;
and the other, Judge Foot, of New York, is a
very able lawyer, very thoroughly versed in
patent law. I do not think the Commissioner
of Patents could get better advice anywhere
upon legal questions arising in his department
than he could get from those two gentlemen
before whom all such questions naturally come,
and who certainly would be ready to give ad-
vice at any time he should require it.
Under these circumstances, with a force in
the office like that, which is legal in its charac-
ter and legal in its intention in every way, I
cannot understand what necessity there is to set
the example in this bureau of. an additional offi-
cer who shall be considered a solicitor and be
called a solicitor for the purpose of giving
legal advice to the head of the office. That is
my strong impression, and until that impres-
sion is removed in some way I certainly can-
not vote for the second section of the bill.
As to the other section in regard to an increase
of salary, I have nothing to say ; but the persona
proposed to be increased are, like other fourth-
class clerks, receiving a salary of $1,800 a
year, and their salaries have been just as much
increased as the salaries of all other classes
by the addition of the twenty per cent, which
they get for this year. I think under the cir-
cumstances we had better agree to the prop-
osition of the Committee on Finance ; and cer-
tainly these parts of the bill can wait until we
meet again and have a chance more fully to
investigate the subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. T wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the act of 1801—only six
years ago—which established the board of
examiners-in-chief, clothed them with the
powers and imposed upon them the duties of
doing all that this solicitor is supposed to be
required to do by this bill, and some things
more. The apparent object of the act of 1861
was to provide not merely one person but a
board, who should be the law and scientific
board of the Patent ©fficc; and the section
which creates that board illustrates more per-
fectly than anything I can say will precisely
the idea and scope that the law makers had,
and the state of the law force of the Patent
Office at that time. It is the second section
of the act of March 2, 1861. It declares:
" For the purpose of securing greater uniformity
of action in the grant and refusal of letters-patent,
there shall be appointed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, three ex-
aminers-in-chief, at an annual salary of 83,000 each,
to be composed of persons of competent legal knowl-
edge and scientific ability, whose duty it shall be, on
the written petition of the applicant lor that purpose
being filed, to revise and determine upon tho valid-
ity of decisions made by examiners when adverse to
the Krnnt of letters-patent; and also to revise and
determine in like manner upon the validity of the
decisions of examiners in interference cases, and,
when required by the Commissioner, in applications
for the extension of patents; and to perform such
other duties as may be assigned to them by-the Com-
missioner. From their decisions appeals may bo
taken to the Commissioner of Patents in person, upon
payment of tho fee hereinafter prescribed. The said
examiners-in-chief shall be governed in their action
by the rules to be prescribed by the Commissioner of
Patents."
Then there is another act well known to the
Senate, an older law, which provides for a still
further appeal to the judges of the supreme
court for the District of Columbia in a case
where the litigants choose to contest it further.
The Senate will perceive, therefore, that only
six years ago a full law and scientific force
advisory to the Commissioner was provided,
stfbject to perform any duty or give any advice
