326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
should be paid of ten dollars, I think, or a cer-
tain sum, which has diminished immensely the
number of appeals; so that there will be no
difficulty in the board of examiners working
off their cases in hand.
Now, what can this solicitor do if this amend-
ment is not agreed to? "What can he do on
the subject of relieving the examiners-in-chief
from any of their duties ? The law points out
the duties of the examiners-in-chief; it makes
them a court, a tribunal, who are to hear and
determine all the classes of cases that I have
referred to when they come before them in the
regular way. Now what does this bill provide
that this solicitor of patents shall do ? Ho
"shall render all reasonable aid in the transac-
tion of the business of said office that may be
required of him by said Commissioner." That
is his duty, and he would have no more right to
sit on an appeal to the board of examiners-in-
chief, or to interfere or to act in it, than 1 would
or the Senator from Kansas under that law,
because I wish to remind my friend again that
this board of examiners is a legally constituted
tribunal, whose jurisdiction is fixed and whose
duties are fixed, and if therefore you intend to
relieve the board from any part of their quasi
judicial duties by the appointment of this
solicitor you must say so in the law. 1 think,
then, it is a^jjarcnt, and it will be apparent to
my friend from West Virginia, to whom this
bill was not referred, and who therefore has
not of course examined its details, and I pre-
sume and to my friend from Kansas, that the
scope of this House bill was not, if you take it
as it reads, and that is the only evidence we
have on the subject, to constitute additional
force to hear appeals from ^examiners or to try
interference or extension causes; but it was to
provide an ornamental officer who should ren-
der the Commissioner of Patents all reasona-
ble aid in the performance of his duties, and
who is to bo paid out of the public money
which is received from the sources I have
named for tlic performance of this ''reasona-
ble aid." I do not believe in that sort of thing
at all. Tliey have got law force enough there.
If thoy have not, increase the board so thai
whoever is appointed can peiform the duties
that arc now imposed by law on them.
Mr. CONNESS. An issue has been made
by a Senator upon the statement that I saw fit
to make this morning, connected with the re-
issue of a patent to Thaddeus Hyatt. I did
not, as stated by the Senator, bring in con-
troversy or in question the propriety of the
passage of the aet of July 2fi, 18613; so that
that part of the issue is gratuitously made. In
regard to the other part, the conduct of the
Commissioner of Patents in the reissue in that
case, I will call for the official papers in the
case and let the statement of the Senator be
tried in the light of the facts that those papers
present.
Mr. WILLEY. I hope, sir, that the Hyatt
case will not he brought into the consideration
of this bill. It does not seem to have any con-
nection with it whatever. I know nothing
about that case myself, whether the Commis-
sioner did right or did wrong in the premises.
The question before the Senate is, ought this
bill to pass, increasing the force of that de-
partment so as to enable it promptly and
properly to discharge its duties, or not? and
whether it ought to pass or not depends upon
the facts and the "reasons upon which it is
asked.
I must demur to a repetition of the argument
of the Senator from Vermont, that I am urging
the passage of this bill, or the second section
of it, because it will not take any funds out of
the Treasury of the United States, but simply
Out of the fund of the Patent Office ; and that
therefore it will relieve the United States of a
burden. I made no such argument. My argu-
ment was predicated upon my belief that it
was necessary to give the Commissioner of
Patents this additional officer to enable him to
discharge the duties devolving upon his office.
1 only referred to the fact that it would be no I
increase of burden upon the Treasury of the
United States, because his compensation would
be taken out of the Patent Office. It is true
that fund belongs to the United States; but
the argument I meant to make was that the
office itself was necessary ; not that we were
to create an office simply because the amount
necessary to pay him his salary would be takfen
out of the Patent Office fund. I had no such
idea as that; and the Senator neglected to
reply to the main point of my argument in
that direction, as it seems to me that we had
good cause to believe that the crcation of this
office, in connection with the other additional
force provided for by this bill, would so increase
the receipts of the Patent Office that, in point
of fact, the payment of this compensation
would not lie taken out of the existing fund at
all. That is to say, it would so expedite the
transaction of business and thus have such an
influence on the increase of business in that
office that the increased business thereby
brought to that office would more than com-
pensate for the payment of this salary out of
the Patent Office fund.
The Senator is somewhat mistaken in saying
that I have not examined this bill in its details.
I remarked awhile ago that I had not exam-
ined it, perhaps, as it would have been exam-
ined if it had been referred to the Patent Office
Committee and considered there. It is, how-
ever, a matter that has been occupying my
attention for some months past. I think the
creation of this office of solicitor, as well as
the other provisions of the bill, would contrib-
ute to the expeditious and useful discharge of
the duties of the Patent Office without any
additional burden to the country ; and there-
fore I was in favor of the passage of the bill
without the amendment proposed by the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. HARLAN. What irthe amendment?
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ment is to strike out the second and third sec-
tions of the bill, which will be read.
The Secretary read the second and third
sections.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will repeat to the Sen-
ator from Iowa, who was not present when I
reported this bill, the explanation I then made
to the Senate. This bill as referred to the
Committee oil Finance contained three sec-
tions. The first provided for an increase of
the clerical force in addition to the present
force of the Patent Office. The second sec-
tion provided for a solicitor of patents, a
new office, the similitude of which I be-
lieve is not in any of the Executive Depart-
ments. There is no solicitor to a bureau that
I know of. There are solicitors for some of
the Departments; but a solicitor for a bureau
is a novel office. This is the first prop-
osition to make one. The third section in-
creased the compensation of the assistant
examiners from $1,800 to $2,000. Their pay
has already been increased, as I have stated,
by the twenty per cent, joint resolution. The
Committee on Finance are willing to give the
increased force required, more examiners,
more assistant examiners, and more second
assistant examiners, but thought it was not
proper now, at this stage of the session, to
create the office of solicitor of the Patent
Office and to increase the salaries of the
assistant examiners. That is the question
involved, and I trust the amendment will be
agreed to. I ask for the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope we shall take the
question on each scetion separately. I ask for
a division of the question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
question will first be on striking out the second
section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest that if that
section is to be adopted at all the officer ought
to be appointed by the President by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator move an amendment?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; lam opposed
to the whole section.
Mr. FOWLER. I move to amend the sec-
tion by making it read " the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, is
authorized to appoint," &c.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us vote first on strik-
ing out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senate refuse to
strike out the section it can be amended after-
ward.
Mr. FOWLER. Very well; I withdraw my
amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee on
Finance, to strike out the second section.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 16 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Buckalow, Cameron, Conkling,
Conness, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds, I<V>sco-
don, Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Henderson, IIo wo, John-
son, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Patterson of Now Hampshire, Sherman, Stewart,
Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, Williams, Wilson, and
Yates—26. ,
NAYS —Messrs. Cole, Corbett, Cragra, Drake,
Fowler, Howard, Morton, Norton, Nye, Patterson
of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Sprague, Thayer, Van Win-
kle, Wade, and Willey—16.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Chandler,
Ferry, Grimes, Guthrie, Hendricks, Ramsey, Riddle,
Ross, and Saulsbury—11.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The next
amendment is to strike out the third section.
Mr. HARLAN. I doubt very much whether
that ought to be stricken out. I think the
point suggested by the Senator from Ohio can
be obviated by a slight amendment, so as to
make this increase of pay commence on the
1st day of next July, and then I am quite sure
it is right. As I understand, the twenty per
cent, allowed by a law of the last Congress
applies to officers during the current fiscal-year,
which will terminate on the 30th of June. I
therefore move to amend the third section by
inserting in the proper place " from and after
the 30th of June next."
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust that section will not
be agreed to for another reason which I did
not state before. This whole question of the
salaries of public officers is a very difficult one.
Now, the salaries have all been graded accord-
ing to their rank. The assistant examiners in
the Patent Office have been put on the grade
of fourth-class clerks. If you change now the
relative pay of any of these various employes,
you make more dissatisfaction far than you
give relief. I know that the examiners, who
also claim an increase of pay, say that this
would be a great injustice to them. They are
men of experience, learned in the law; men
who have practical experience in their depart
ment and are chiefs of their divisions. They
get §2,400, while the assistant examiners get
$1,800. These grades have all been fixed;
and if you increase the pay of one you create
dissatisfaction and discontent among the others.
Several of the examiners have spoken to me
about it already. They are all demanding a
general increase. I trust the Senate will allow
that question to go over until the next session,
when Congress may settle the matter by a bill
carefully prepared. To make a change now
by detachments deranges the whole system. I
think myself the disbursing officer of the Patent
Office ought to get $2,000 salary, because the
disbursing clerks in the other departments and
bureaus get that much; and if that stood by
itself I should have no objection to that prop-
osition, but I think it better to leave the whole
matter to be provided for at the next session.
Mr. HARLAN. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion i's on the amendment of the Committee
on Finance, to strike out the third section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I will suggest another
amendment, which is verbal and yet I think
somewhat important. As the bill now stands
it provides " that the Commissioner of Patents
is authorized from time to time to appoint,'' &c.
