1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
821
I think it would ,be much better to authorize
the Secretary of the Interior to make these
appointments.
Mr. WI,LLEY. j say j.Q gena^or
that that is in point of fact the case now. The
Commissioner of Pateqts is by this bill author-
ized '1 to appoint in the manner already pro-
vided for by law," that is, through the Secre-
tary of the Interior.
Mr. HARLAN. This is now entirely anom-
alous. There is no other head of a bureau,
I think, in any Department that is authorized
to make appointments, and I think it is of
doubtful constitutionality. Congress is author-
ized to confer the right to appoint inferior offi-
cers on the heads of Departments, but I think
not on the heads of bureaus. My amendment
will make uniformity and harmonize the bureau
and the head of the Department, and place this
bureau on the same basis with other bureaus in
relation to the appointments of its subordinates.
I therefore move the amendment to insert the
Words "the Secretary of the Interior on the
nomination of" before the words " Commis-
sioner of Patents."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why want the Com-
missioner's nomination? AVhy not say simply
the Secretary of the Interior shall appoint, as in
other- cases ^
Mr. HARLAN. Then I modify the amend-
ment by moving to strike out the words "Com-
missioner of Patents" and inserting "Secre-
tary of the Interior."
Mr. SHERMAN. I can only say that the
bill as it stands follows the language of former
laws. All the other examiners have been
appointed in that way, and I see no reason for
a change unless some special cause can be
assigned.
Mr. HARLAN. I am quite sure that if the
Senator were at the head of a Department he
would much prefer to have the bureaus under
his supervision uniform in this respect.
Mr. WILLEY. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILLEY. As I understand it, this
amendment makes an innovation upon the
constant usage of appointments in that De-
partment, and it strikes-me that the amend-
ment would be most mischievous in its opera-
tions. It is to be presumed that the Commis-
sioner of Patents is better qualified to judge
of the qualifications of these officers than any
other person, better qualified to judge of the
character and of the qualifications of persons
applying for appointments to these places. He
understands what they have to do ; he knows
what qualifications are necessary to enable
them to perform the duties which they will
have to discharge. Why provide that these
particular additional officers, these clerks and
this additional force shall be appointed in a
different manner from the clerks who have
already been appointed in the Patent Office is
what I cannot understand. Why should a few
clerks in the Patent Office be appointed in one
way while the majority of the clerks in that
office are appointed in another way ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 should like to ask
my friend from West Virginia a question. I
am entirely indifferent how these officers are
appointed, and I might agree with him that
perhaps the head of the bureau could judge
better as to the qualifications of the men ; but
as they are officers, is there not a constitutional
difficulty in the way? Congress may by law
vest the appointment of such infe'rior officers
as it chooses in the head of a Department, but
can the power of appointment be vested in the
head of a bureau? That is the difficulty in
my mind. If there is no constitutional diffi-
culty in the way, and if the appointment has
been heretofore made by the head of the
bureau, it ought to be continued in the same
way ; but if there is a constitutional difficulty
the whole thing ought to be altered.
Mr. WILLEY. What I contend for is that
if there is a constitutional difficulty in the way
it ought to apply to all the clerks in that de-
partment alike. Why a portion of them should
be appointed in one way and another portion
of -the officers of the same bureau should be
appointed in another way, I cannot under-
stand. The truth is that they are in effect
appointed by the Secretary of the Interior as
the law now stands. This officer, the Com-
missioner of Patents, it is presumed under-
stands much better than the Secretary of the
Interior can understand what kind of officers
are'best qualified to discharge the duties in
his bureau. He designates the clerk that he
wishes to assign to certain duties, and that
clerk is appointed by and with the approval
of the Secretary of the Interior, as I under-
stand ; so that any improper appointment can-
not be made by the Commissioner of Patents.
Every appointment must have the approval'
and the consent of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior before it is complete. It seems to me it
is but a poor privilege to the head of a bureau,
especially of the character of the Patent Of-
fice, that he should be permitted to designate
the officer who is to discharge duties under
him, while the Secretary of the Interior has
the control of the appointment of the officers,
as he has had of all officers in that bureau. It
must be done with the approval of the Secre-
tary of the Interior. The duties of these offi-
cers arc peculiar. They are not like the duties
of many other bureaus in that Department.
It requires peculiar qualifications and skill,
and knowledge of a certain character of busi-
ness.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would suggest to the
Senator, then, to restore the words suggested
originally by the Senator from Iowa, "ap-
pointed by the Secretary of the Interior on the
nomination of the Commissioner of Patents."
That would obviate the difficulty and give the
Commissioner the selection, and I suppose that
is all that is necessary. But really I think
there is a constitutional difficulty in the way
of putting it in the form the bill stands.
Mr. WILLEY. The great objection I have
to it is that it comes to about the same result
at last; and you have the manner of appoint-
ment of officers in the same bureau put into
confusion by appointing one portion of them
in one way and another portion of them in
another way. It seems to mo that, if there
be force in the suggestion of the honorable
Senator from Maine, the whole law ought
to be modified, and the manner of appoint-
ment ought to be uniform; and not designate
certain officers under a certain juncture of cir-
cumstances who shall bo appointed in one way,
while other officers to fill vacancies in the ap-
pointments already made shall be appointed in
another way. It strikes mc that there is a
peculiar fitness in the head of this bureau hav-
ing the privilege of designating in the first
place the officers who are to perform duties
under him. It is not like any other branch or
bureau in that Department. It is not like a
bureau that requires nothing but clerical qual-
ifications. It is a matter that requires skill
sometimes in the appointees. It strikes ma
there is an impropriety and an injustice and a
detriment to the service of that bureau by
changing the manner of appointment of officers
in it.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not consider this
matter of sufficient importance to consume
very much time; but I feel quite sure that the
amendment suggested by me ought to be
adopted. I differ in opinion with the _ Sena-
tor from West Virginia on the point which he
has just made, that there is anything peculiar
in this bureau distinguishing it materially in
this respect from any other bureau. It is true
that the head of the bureau may know some-
times more about the personal qualifications
of an applicant for appointment than the Sec-
retary of the Interior; but how can he know
much more than the Secretary of the Interior
of the qualifications of an applicant? It is
very probable that in many cases the Secre-
tary would know better than he would. After
an individual may have been appointed and (
may have served for some months or years, it :
is possible that the head of the bureau' may
know more of his relative qualifications than
the Secretary; but that would be true of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office or
of the Pension Office or of any other bureau ;
and the head of the division would know more
of the relative qualifications of a clerk than
either of them, because his work would come
immediately under the review of the head of
the division. And so in the Patent Office, the
board of examiiiers-in-ehief would know more
than the Commissioner of the qualification of
those assistant examiners after they had served
for some time. But I doubt very much whether
Congress has the power to confer on the bead
of a bureau merely the right to make appoint-
ments. It is surely anomalous; and as it
seems to me ought to be conferred on the
Secretary of the Interior, the head of the De-
partment. I know that no member of this
body would serve as the head of any Depart-
ment for any considerable length of time with-
out desiring uniformity in this respect.
The Senator from West Virginia suggests that
there would be incongruity between those here-
after to be appointed and those that are now in.
I can see no evil that would grow out of this.
Those that are now in the office are of course
commissioned, and will serve until they die,
resign, or are removed; and if a vacancy
should occur in either way, then that vacancy
would be filled under the existing law, and if
the authority should be conferred on the Sec-
retary of the Interior rather than the Commis-
sioner of Patents, then it would apply equally
to all appointments hereafter to be made ; and
this seems to have been the intention of the
party who drafted this bill. It seems to be
prospective in its operation, and provides "that
the Commissioner of Patents is authorized
from time to time to appoint in the manner
already provided for bylaw," with the pro-
viso at the close—
That, the whole number of such additional exam-
iners shall not exceed four of each class.
Mr. WILLEY. The Senator will perceive
that this will be confined simply to the addi-
tional appointees here, the additional exam-
iners. The provision is:
Such an additional nnmber of principal examin-
ers, first assistant examiners, and second assistant
examiners, as may bo required to tiansact the cur-
rent business of the office with dispatch.
And then it provides that they shall not ex-
ceed four in cach branch, so that it especially
confines it to this excepted class; and a va-
cancy occurring, as I understand it, in a clerk-
ship already existing, would be filled in the
manner provided by law at this time, and not
come under the operation of this act, if it should
pass as proposed to be amended by the honor-
able Senator.
Mr. HARLAN. If there were any doubt as
to the meaning of the phraseology of the bill,
it could be easily corrected by striking out the
word "additional" and make it unit'orrm I
will not, however, consume more of the time
of the Senate on the subject.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 18; as follows:
YEAR —Messrs. Buckalew, Cameron, Chandler,
Davis. Dixon, Doolittlo, Drake, Edmunds, Fessen-
den, Frelinghuysen..Harlan, Howe, Ramsey, Ross,
Sprague, Sumner, Williams, and Yates—18.
NAY'S —Messrs. Cole, Conkling, Corbctt, Howard,
Johnson, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norton, Nye,
Patterson of New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennes-
see, Sherman, Thayer. Tipton, Van Winkle, NVade,
"Wiiley, and Wilson—18.
ABSENT —Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Gonness,
Crasin, Ferry, Fowler, Grimes, Guthrie, Henderson,
Hendricks, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Poraeroy, Ritt-
dle, Saulsbury, Stewart, and Trumbull—17.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HAIiLAN. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section :
And be it further enacted, That all officers and clerks
hereafter appointed in the Patent Office shall bo
appointed by the Secretary of the Interior.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendments be
engrossed and Ihe bill read a third time. It
was read the third time, and passed.
