328
TME CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the title of
the bill was amended by striking out tlie words
"and for other purposes."
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVAL.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Moore, his Secretary, announced
that the President had this day approved and
signed the bill (S. No. 01) to provide for a dis-
trict and a circuit court of the United States
for the district of Nebraska, and for other
purposes.
MESSAGE SROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, returned,
in accordance with the request of the Senate,
the resolution of the Senate fixing the day for
the adjournment of Congress.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a concurrent resolution on the same
subject, in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 100) to amend an act
changing the location of the capital of Mon-
tana Territory; and
A bill (H. R. No. 101) for the relief of John
Perry.
SALE 01' SHIPS TO 15ELWOIORENTS
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
Sroceed to the consideration of Senate bill
o. 94.
Mr. WILSON. Reports from connnittces
are in order, and I desire to make a report.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let this bill be taken
up, and then I will give way.
Mr. CONNESS. I object to that.
Mr. WILSON. This will take but a mo-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The busi-
ness is all under the control of the Senate.
Mi. CHANDLER, if the Senator willallow
this bill to come up, I will then give way to allow
him to make his report.
Mr. CONNBSS. Several Senators have
more or less morning business to present, and
J hope the Senator will not move to take np
anything until wo get that disposed of, and then
we can join with him to take up this bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. The morning hour has
passed long since. It is half past two o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The busi-
ness is all under tho control of the Senate.
The question is on the motion of the Senator
from Michigan.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the bill that it is
proposed to take up ?
The Skoretakv. A bill (S. No. 9-1) declar-
atory of the law with regard to the sale of
ships to friendly belligerents.
Mr. SUMNER. On the question of taking
up that bill 1 desire to remind the Senate that
it. was only on Saturday, after some consider-
ation, that the Senate refused to take it up.
It was on that occasion that I made a state-
ment which I do not desire now to repeat, but
which, as the Senator is pressing his bill, I
must repeat, that this bill, on a reference to
tho Committee on Foreign Relations was care-
fully considered, and that eommitteo came to
the conclusion that it was not best to proceed
with its consideration at this time. Whatever
may be the merits'of the bill by itself at another
moment, tho committee was satisfied that it
was not expedient to* proceed with it now. I
do not go into the reasons for that conclusion,
and 1 could not without opening a very wide
debate. Suffice it to say that tho measure is
intimately connected with the foreign policy
of this Government, with pending negotiations,
and I may also say with former legislation
and decisions of the Supreme Court, to say
nothing else of opinions of the Attorneys Gen-
eral of the United States. I think, therefore,
that under the circumstances, unless the Sen-
ate is prepared now to enter into a very broad
field of discussion, a part of which will be of
a delicate character, they had better not take
up the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, as I
stated the other day, the memorial upon which
this bill is based was referred to the Committee
on Commerce on the 9th of February. The
memorial is signed by twenty-three of the
heaviest shippers and merchants of the United
States, headed by A. A. Low & Brothers, C.
H. Marshall & Co., Grinnell, Minturn & Co.,
E. H. Morgan & Son, and Moses H. Grinnell.
Perhaps there is more wealth and more busi-
ness connected with the signers of that memo-
rial than with any other equal number of names
in the United States.
In accordance with the prayer of these me-
morialists, the Committee on Commerce, after
careful consideration, reported a bill, a strictly
mercantile bill. How this subject came before
the Committee on Foreign Relations is to me
a mystery. It does not belong there at all.
It is intimately connected with the commercial
relations of the nation, and not with its foreign
relations. But, sir, I have met—not for the
first time, but every time any subject has been
started for the last four years connected with
the real mercantile relations of the country—
tho ghost of tho Alabama claims ; and I have
met that ghost so often that I am anxious it
should be laid. 1 do not desire to see its form
again.
Mr. President, I had something to do at an
early day with these Alabama claims. As
early as 181>f advocated the pressure of those
claims to final settlement. On the 14th of
December, 186J, while Sherman was on his
march to the sea, and before he had reached
the sea, the Committee on the Conduct of the
War, of which I was a member, was ordered
to make an investigation concerning the army
of the Potomac. While making that investi-
gation I had an interview with General Grant,
who had just heard from General Sherman.
One of his aids had visited General Sherman,
although he had not yet reached the sea. I
asked General Grant whether there was any
doubt about capturing Savannah. He said,
'■ Not the slightest." Said [, " How long will
it take after the capture of Savannah to cap-
ture Charleston and Wilmington, provided
there is an immediate necessity foi their cap-
ture'.''' General Grant replied, "It is a mere
question of expediency when we shall capture
those towns ; at present we have a Navy with
nothing elso to do but guard them ; if we guard
those towns with our Navy wo compel the
enemy to keep garrisons in them ; if we cap-
ture them we ourselves must furnish garri-
sons; but in case of emergency I could cap-
ture those towns in thirty days." " Well,"
said 1, "we have now seven hundred ships-of-
war in commission, with fifty-four thousand
sailors: in case those three cities on the At-
lantic coast were captured, what further need
have you for vesscls-of-war?" lie replied,
" Very little; we should require a few vessels-
of-war in tho Gulf to watch the Texas coast,
and a few along the Atlantic coast; but very
few indeed." Said I, "Is it not true, then,
that we should have five or six hundred ships-
of-war in commission, armed, provisioned,
and icady for immediate use, that could be
assembled in ten days at any point desig-
nated?" Saul he, "Certainly we could, and
those live or six hundred ships-of-war could
be spared."
Sir, it was whli that knowledge, a knowl-
edge which 1 could not then stale, that on the
14th day ot December, 1804,1 offered two res-
olutions to the Senate. The first was lecom-
mending the enlistment of an Army corps to
watch the Canadian frontiers. Expeditions
were being fitted out all along tho Canadian
frontier, not to prey upon our commerce, but
to rob towns. That resolution was in these
words—this was on the 14th of December,
1804, before Sherman had reached the sea:
"Whereas raids have been organized in the Can-
ada*! and iSova Scotia, and men enlUtedin said Brit-
ish 1 rovinecsby men purporting to hold commissions
from the rebels of the United States for tho purpose
ot robbing and murdering peaceable citizens of tho
Umteu States, of burning cities and villages, of pi-
ratically capturing merchant vesjels and murdering
their crews, being a general-system of murder, arson,
robberies, and plunders of the peaceable and un-
armed citizens of the United States-; and whereas
the people of the British Provinces seem disposed to
protect these thieves, robbers, incendiaries, pirates,
and murderers, not only in their individual capacity,
but by tire quibbles of the law: Therefore,
"Tleiohed, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be directed to inquire into the expediency of imme-
diately enlisting an Army corps to watch and -defend
our territory bordering on the lakes and Canadian
line from all hostile demonstrations."
Mr. President, I offered that resolution in
good faith. 1 believed it to be our duty then
to organize an Army corps for that purpose.
When I made that proposition the objection
to its consideration came from the same source
that the objection to this present mercantile
bill comes, to wit, from the Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Johnson.] I did not propose
that that Army corps should watch all along our
frontier. I intended that they should watch in
Montreal and Quebec. Those were the places
at which to watch to prevent depredations from
Canada upon the peaceable citizens of the Uni-
ted States; and my word for it, if we had sent
an Army corps there they would have watched
from Quebec and Montreal, and we should
have held indemnity, not only for the depre-
dations of the Alabama, but for all the depre-
dations committed by British subjects upon our
peaceable citizens and upon our commerce.
But, sir, that resolution was objected to, and
on the following day it was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations. I have
never heard from the Committee on Foreign
Relations on that subject from that day to this.
There it has slept from that day to this.
On the same day I offered another resolu-
tion, which shared the same fate, in the follow-
ing words:
" Whereas at the commencement of the prosent
rebellion the United States were at peace with the
Governments of tho world, andupon terms of comity
and good will with Groat Britain; and whereas that
nation, before the arrival on her soil of our minister
accredited by tho Administration of President Lin-
coln, precipitately acknowledged tho rebels as bel-
ligerents, thus recognizing their llag upon the occan,
without which recognition it would have been re-
garded and treated as piratical by all other Powers;
and whereas she then proclaimed perfect neutrality
botween a llepublic with which she had entertained
friendly relations for upward of half a century and
its treasonable subjects; and whereas numbers of her
subjects, will] 1,1] e knowledge of her Government, com-
menced fitting out British fast-sailing ships, loaded
with munitions of war, for the purpose of running
into our blockaded ports to tho rebels, thus furnish-
ing them the means of organizing and continuing the
rebellion, and' without which it could not have sus-
tained itself six months ; and whereas, in addition
to the above, and with the knowledge of the Govern-
ment, British subjects and members of Parliament
engaged in tho manufacture of piratical English
ships, owned by British subjects, manned by British
seamen, and sailing underBritish colors, for the pur-
pose of burning, destroying, and utt.crlydrivingfrom
the ocean all peaceful merchant, vessels sailing under
the United States ilag; and whereas many private
and unarmed American ships have been burned and
destroyed by these pirates from British ports, tims
causing great loss and damage to the citizens of tho
United States: Therefore.
"llesolucd. That tho Secretary of State be in-
structed immediately to make out a list of each ship
and cargo thus destroyed, with a fair and separate
valuation thereof, and interest .thereon at the late
of six per cent, per annum from the date of capture
or destruction to the date of presentation, and that
he bo directed to demand from the British Govern-
ment payment in full for all ships and cargoes de-
stroyed as aforesaid."
That resolution was likewise objected to by
the Senator from Maryland, and on the fol-
lowing day was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations; and there it has slept the
sleep ot death, knowing no waking.
But, sir, in process of time, and in his own
time, the present Secretary of State did make
a demand upon Great Britain, in an humble
way, for compensation for the depredations
of these British pirates ; and I will read you
the response that he received. He came not
with fife hundred ships-of-war and fifteen-inch
columbiads aimed at the heart of the British
empire, but he came, with his hat in his hand,
and said, "If you please, will you pardon me
for asking you to pay these little bills ?" Well,
sir, Great Britain did not please; but here is
tho response:
"Bobeigs Office, lecember 2,1805.
"Sin: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your
letter of the 18th ultimo having ''cfci eneo io the
