330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
law of nations. No nation that has a great
commercial marine can afford to do it. It puts
it in the power of any small nation, any incon-
siderable nation with whom we might be at
war, a South American republic that has no
commercial marine at all, by going to England
or to Europe and buying five or six ships-of-
war, to destroy our commerce when they have
none to destroy on their part. It would be a
very comfortable doctrine for nations that have
no commerce on the seas; but no nation that
has a commerce on the seas can afford to submit
to it. Four rebel cruisers destroyed nearly
half of our commerce during the late war. If
we should get into a war with Mexico, or any
of the small South American republics, and
they could get money enough to go to England
and buy half a dozen iron-clads or fast sailing
vessels, they could do us more injury in the
•way of destroying our commerce than the
assessed value of the small South American
Governments would be worth.
Sir, wo cannot submit to this doctrine, inde-
pendent of the proposition that we have
placed ourselves upon the reverse position be-
fore the whole world. We have claimed that
Great Britain violated the law of nations by
perm tting the Alabama and other ships to
be fitted out in her ports as ships-of-war for
the so-called confederate States. We have
called upon her for compensation. She at-
tempts to relieve herself from responsibility,
not bccause it was not a violation of the law
of nations, but because, as she alleges, she
was ignorant of the character of the vessels
that were fitted ont. There were two ships-
of-war building in French ports. We appealed
to the French Government, and they were
seized and prevented from sailing. Now, it is
proposed that we shall enact this wrong, of
which we have complained on the part of
France and England, into a law, a principle
of law, that would be fatal to our commerce
in ease of a war even with the smallest of
nations.
Mr. WILSON. I hope that this motion will
now be withdrawn. At any rate I desire the
privilege of making a report on a little reso-
lution which it is rather important to pass.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will ask for a vote on
tluy motion to take np the bill.
Mr. WILSON. I think it will lead to de-
bate. I ask unanimous consent to make a
report.
Mr. CIIANDLER. I have no obiection to
that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection (he Chair will receive the
report.
traders at military posts.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (S. It.
No. 35) to authorize the Commanding General
of the Arinyto permit traders to remain at cer-
tain military posts, to report it back without
amendment. It is a brief resolution for the
accommodation of persons emigrating across
the continent, and I should like to have it put
upon its passage.
By unanimous consent., the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution. It authorizes the Com-
manding General of the Army to permit a
trading establishment to be maintained after
the 1st of July, 1867, at any military post on
the frontier not in the vicinity of any city or
town, and situated at any point between the
one hundredth meridian of longitude west from
Greenwich and the eastern boundary of the
State of California, when, in his judgment,
such establishment is needed for the accommo-
dation of emigrants, freighters, and other citi-
zens ; but after the commissary department is
prepared to supply stores to soldiers as required
by law, no trader permitted to remain at such
post is to sell any goods kept by the commis-
sary department to any'enlisted mau ; and such
traders are to be under protection and military
control as camp followers.
Mr. WILSON. I desire simply to say that
at the last session of Congress we passed a law
abolishing sutlerships in the Army, which takes
effect on the 1st day of July ; but it appears
there are military posts across the country
where traders supply emigrants who go to
California, Oregon, and the Territories. It is
recommended by General Hancock that these
persons, under the direction of the Command-
ing General of the Army, be permitted to con-
tinue their trade at such points as are thought
necessary ; and this resolution has been intro-
duced for that purpose. It is simply an accom-
modation to the emigrants crossing the country.
- The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter of the Secretary of the
Interior recommending an appropriation for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with certain tribes:
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 100) to amend an act
changing the location of the capital of Mon-
tana Territory was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Territories, and
the bill (H. 11. No. 101) for the relief of John
Perry was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
bills introduced.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 112) to incorporate the Lincoln Monument
Association: which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BUCKALEW asked; and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 11!!) chartering the Washington
Homestead Company; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia, and ordered to bo printed.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. It. No. 10) to refer the claim of
the trustees of A. G. Sloo to the Court of
Claims; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
extension oi? t. hyatt's tatent.
Mr. CONNESS submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed t$:
Unsolved, That the Sccrctary of the Interior be di-
rected to report to the Senate copies of all papers
conneotcd with tho extension of patent to Thaddeus
llyatt by authority of an act to extend tho time of
letters-patent issued to Thaddeus Hyatt, approved
July 26, ISfjij.
union pacific hail way.
Mr. CONNESS submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Jicmfaed, That the Secretary of tho Interior be di-
rected to report to the Senate the cause or causes for
the suspension of work by the Union Pacific Railway
Company, when the said suspension took place, and
what legislation is necessary, if any, to secure the
early completion of tho Pacific railroad from Omaha
westward.
indian territory.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, submitted the
following resolution ; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of re-
moving such of the Indian tribes located in the sev-
eral States and Territories as may give their assent
thereto, and establishing the same in the Indian
Territory so-called, and upon other suitable terri-
tory, and particularly to ascertain and report the sit-
uation, condition, natural advantages, and adapta-
tion of such Territory to the wants of said tribes
as,their future and permanent residence. Said com-
mittee may sit during the recess of the Senate, and
shall have authority .to summon witnesses and take
testimony.
distribution op seeds to tiie soutii.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee on
Agriculture, reported a joint resolution (S. R.
No. 50) for the distribution of seeds to the
people of the States lately in rebellion ; which
was-read twice.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask for the present con-
sideration of this joint resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the joint resolution will lie over
under the rule.
Mr. FESSENDEN afterward said: I ob-
jected to the resolution reported by the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania. 1 did not, perhaps,
understand it exactly. I should like to have
it read again. I do not want to interfere with
its progress.
The Secretary read the joint resolution. It
proposes to authorize the Commissioner of
Agriculture to employ and use the sum of
$50,000, or so much thereof as he may deem
necessary, out of the appropriations already
made for his bureau, for the purchase and dis-
tribution to the people lately in rebellion of
such seeds and plants as in his judgment may
be useful or important to them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That would authorize
the Commissioner to expend for seeds for the
rebellious States alone more than we have
appropriated for seeds for the whole country.
Mr. CAMERON. The chief of the Agri-
cultural Bureau tells me that he has the money
in his hands which he can use for this purpose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That must be a mis-
take. How can he have got it?
Mr. CAMERON. I have come back here
so recently that I cannot tell how that is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think $50,000 is con-
siderably more than we have appropriated for
tho purchase of seeds for the whole Union.
This resolution gives him leave to take that
sum and apply it to these particular States. I
move that the joint resolution be recommitted
to the Committee on Agriculture, that they
may look into it and see how the case stands.
The motion was agreed to.
colorado territorial legislature.
Mr. NYE, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, reported a bill (S. No. 114) amendatory
of the organic act of Colorado Territory;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. NYE. I ask for the present considera-
tion of the bill.
Mr. BUCKAEEW. Let it be read for in-
formation
The bill was read. It provides that here-
after the sessions of the Legislative Assembly
of Colorado Territory shall be biennial, mem-
bers of the Council to be elected for four
years and of the House for two years, and
they are to receive six dollars a day instead of
three dollars, heretofore allowed. Each House
of the Legislative Assembly, in addition to the
officers now allowed by law, is to elect an
enrolling clerk, who is to receive five dollars
per day: and the chief clerk is to receive six
dollars per day, and the other officers elected
by the Legislature five dollars per day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Where does that bill
come from ?
Mr. NYE. It comes from the Committee
on Territories. It brings Colorado into har-
monious action with the other Territories.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do the members of
the Legislative Assembly in all the Territories
receive six dollars a day ?
Mr. NYE. Yes; and they meet bienfcially.
It costs the Government the same.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I thought it was fixed
at three dollars.
Mr. NYE. It was fixed at three dollars
when the sessions were annual.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I object to the present
consideration of the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will lie
over under the rule,
message from tub house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 83)
making appropriations to supply deficiencies
