334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 25,
The bill, which was read at length, provides
that the provisions of the act supplementary
to the several acts ^elating to pensions, ap-
proved June 6,1866, shall applyto John Perry,
of Illinois, a pensioner by virtue of a special
act approved March 3, 1-85&
The bill was ordered to engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BAKER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MEETING 01? CONGRESS.
Mr. _SCHENCK submitted the following
resolution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved by the House of Representatives of the Uni-
ted Slates, (the Senate concurring,) That the Senate
and House of Representatives do hereby each give
consent to the other that each House of Congress
shall adjourn the present session from the hour of
twelve o'clock in. on Thursday next, the 28th day of
March instant, to assemble again on the first Wed-
nesday of May, the first "Wednesday of June, the first
Wednesday of September, and the first Wednesday
of November of this year, unless the President pro
tempore of fcho Sonate and the Speaker of the House
of Representatives shall by joint proclamation, to be
issued by them ten days before either of the timos
heroin fixed for assembling, declare that there is no
occasion for tho meeting of Congress at such time.
The House divided, and there were—ayes
60, noes 27.
The main question was then ordered to be
now put.
Mr. BLDMDGE demanded the yeas and
nays on the resolution.
Tho yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in tho aifirmative—yeas 89, nays 30. not voting
46; as follows:
YEAS—Mossrs. Allison, Amos, Anderson, James
M. Ashley, liaker, Banks, Boaman, Benjamin, lien-
ton, Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Bontwcll, Buckland,
Cake. Header W. Clarke, Kidney Clarke'Cook, Cor-
nell, Covode, Cnllom, Donnelly, Driggs, KcUloy, Eg-
glraton, Kin, Fnrnsworth. Feniss, .Kerry, Fields, Fin-
ney, Gartield, Ciavely, Oriswold, Hamilton, Jlayos,
lloopcr. Hopkins, Asahol W. Hubbard, Chester i).
Hubbard. Irigcrsoll, .Judd, Kcllcy, Kitchen, Koontz,
William Lawronrr, Loan, law,in, Luuirhi idge, Mar-
vin, McCarthy, McCluig, Merenr, Miller, Moore,
Moil ell, Myers, Newcomb, O'Neill, Ortli, Paine, I'cr-
hum, Fetors, l'ile. Plant-;, Polsley, Robertson, -Saw-
yer, Sehonck, Seofiold. Spalding-, Aaron l-\ Stevens,
Thomas, Trowbridgo, Twitchell, Van Aernam. Bart
dom—89.
N A. YS—Messrs. Delos It. Ashley, Barnes, Brooks,
Burr, Chanter, Coburn, JSldridao. (Jetz, (ilossbronner,
Haig it, llolman, Humphrey, lluntor.Korr.Maltory,
Marshall, Moiu.^oy, Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson,
Noell, Pruyn, Randall, Robinson, Ross, Shanks,
Stewart, Taffe, Van Auken, and Van Trump—30.
NOX VOTING—Messrs. Aioher, Baldwin, lioycr,
Bromwell, Broomall, Bntlcr, Churchill,Cobb,Dawes,
Demson, Dodge, Eliot, Fox. llolsey, Harding, Hill,
liulburd, Julian, Kelsey, Ketcham, Latlin, (jeorgo
V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Lynch, McCullough, Moor-
bead, Morgan, Phelps, Pike.tPoliind.Pomoroy, Price,
Raum, bolye, Shellabarger, sitgreaves, Smith, Tlmd-
deus Stevens, Stone, Tabor, Tnylor, Upson, Wil-
liam It. Washburn, Wood, and Woodbridge—45.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. SCIIENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled joixt resolution signed.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled joint resolution
_(H. -R. No. 25) providing for the importation
into the United States of certain works of art
dutyfree, and for other purposes; when the
Speaker signed the same.
wood and king.
Mr. TAPFE asked and obtained unanimous
consent for the withdrawal from the files of the
House of the papers in the ease of Wood &
King.
• henry a. smytiib.
The SPEAKER stated that he had been
requested to lay the following letter before the
TIoi> a.
The Clerk read as follows :
Washington, March, 25,1867.
Sir: In the important matter now pending in that
honorable body over which you preside, involving
as it does my private and my official character, X
respectfully request that by some proper order or
resolution of the House I may be permitted to ap-
pear with counsel to produce and examine witnesses
beforo tho " Committee on Public Expenditures"
charged with the continuation of the investigations
in the New York custom-house, and of alleged mis-
demeanors in the administration of the office I now
hold as "collector of customs at the port of New
York."
And to that end I respectfully request that this
memorial may bo laid before the House.
Yours, with respect,
IIENRY A. SMYTHE.
Hon. SciIUTLER Coi,fax',
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary. -
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the request
be granted.
Mr. BINGHAM. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH._ I make tho point
of order that as a memorial this must be re-
ferred under the rules in the usual way.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I put it in the shape
of a resolution.
adjournment 01? congress.
The SPEAKER stated that tho business in
order was tho resolution submitted on Satur-
day in reference to the adjournment, on which
tho main question had been ordered.
Sir. BLAINl?. In view of the action this
morning I move that the resolution be laid
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
iienry a. smythe—again.
Mr. RANDALL. I now move that the
praver of Mr. Smythe be granted.
Mr. FARNSWOltTII. I object.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 move to suspend the
rules. It is only fair and right.
Mr. PRUYN. I ask to make a personal
explanation in regard to this matter.
There was 110 objection.
Mr. PRUYN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege ; and as I shall not probably
again be in attendance at this session, I also
ask leave to make a personal explanation. A
few days since, when the discussion took place
in this House in regard tothe coliectorof New
York and tho New York custom-house, I made
some remarks as to the collector and his ap-
pointment, and added a few words in the brief
time allowed me as to the New York custom-
house, its management, and influence. I not
only avoided all personal charges, but, as the
report in the Congressional Globe will show,
spoke of the many excellent men, and men of
high character, who had at different times held
high positions in that office. I was then well
aware, and had time allowed me would have
alluded as I now gladly do to the fact, that
a large number of persons of unimpeachable
character and worth held subordinate appoint-
ments in the New York custom-house. They
are not the persons who manage or direct its
affairs. Nor did I in any way speak dispara-
gingly of them. I have, however, received a
letter from Hiram Barney, Esq., late collector
of New York, a gentleman for whom I have a
high regard, from which I infer that he has
read a report of my remarks on the occasion
alluded to in some newspaper which I have not
seen, aud in which I have been untruly repre-
sented as having made charges against the
entire staff of the custom-house. 1
What I insisted upon was that the subordi-
nates in the custom-house (as also in the
Departments at Washington and in the civil
service generally) should be appointed, not for
political reasons, but after having been found
qualified on a competitive examination; and
that when reliable men are thus appointed
they should not be interfered with in their pol-
itics any more than in their religion.
I have thought it proper, in view of the desire
which Mr. Barney has expressed, todelend the
New York custom-house against what he terms
the "wholesale denunciations (of it) which
seem to be received with so much satisfaction
in Congress," to place a copy of his letter iij
the hands of the chairman of the committee,
[Mr. Hulburd,] with the hope that the com-
mittee will allow Mr. Barney the opportunity
he asks for. '
Mr. HULBURD. May I say a word?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent. Is there objection? The Chair hears
none. ^
Mr. IIULBURD. I wish merely to say, with
reference to the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall,] that I hope the
House will vote down the proposition and let
this matter go as it should to the Committee
on Public Expenditures ; and I venture to say
if Mr. Smythe wishes an opportunity to be
heard before that committee I have no doubt
it will be accorded to him.
Mr. RANDALL. I submit my motion in
the form of the following resolution :
Resolved, That tho request of Henry A. Smythe,
now collector of the port of Now York, asking tho
privilege and permission to appear by counsel before
the Committee on Public Expenditures in defense
of his conduct as collector, now being examined into
by said committee, be granted.
Mr. SPALDING. I think the gentleman
had better leave it as the chairman of the com-
mittee has suggested. . The committee will
receive that evidence any how.
Mr. RANDALL. The committee did re-
ceive evidence and reported a part of it to this
House. I want fair play.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
debate it without unanimous consent. Is
there objection? The Chair hears none.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would like to ask the
gentleman whether Mr. Smythe has ever ap-
plied to the committee for a hearing before
them.
Mr. RANDALL. No, sir; he has gone to
a higher authority and asked the Speaker to
allow liini to be heard.
Mr. GARFIELD. It would seem from the
language of the petition to be almost implied
that Mr. Smythe had failed to get a hearing
before the committee, and that he now appeals
to the House to order a hearing. I would like
to know of the chairman of the committee
whether any such application has been made
and refused by the committee.
Mr. RANDALL. The answer to that is
the committee was not instituted as a com-
mittee for trial, but to inquire and take evi-
dence ; and now this gentleman asks that he
may appear for the purpose of presenting his
testimony and making his defense.
Mr. GARFIELD. I asked for information.
Mr. RANDALL. I think you have suc-
ceeded in receiving that information.
Mr. HULBURD. Allow me to say that
neither the committee of the last Congress nor
of the present have ever refused to hear Mr.
Smythe or any witnesses he wished to produce
before them, and I do not think they have any
wish to do so now.
Mr. GARFIELD. If the committee had
refused to hear Mr. Smythe I would go for the
order.
Mr. RANDALL. What Mr. Smythe desires
is that if he is tried he may be represented
either personally or by counsel.
Mr. SCOFIELD. 1 wish to ask my colleague
if it has ever been the custom of this House to
allow parties who may be implicated by an
investigation of a committee to appear before
that committee with counsel for trial. My
impression is, without being at all positive 011
the subject, that we appoint a committee to
investigate a subject, acting somewhat like a
grand jury, for the purpose of reporting the
result of their investigation to the House, and
that parties never appear before the committee
with counsel and witnesses as if on trial. I
would ask my colleague whether I'am right as
to the practice of the House.
Mr. RANDALL. I cannot answer that
question. The gentleman perfectly well under-
stands that the committee do not allow any-
body, if they can help it, to appear in defense
