1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
335
of himself if they have a political object in
view.
Mr. SCOFIELD. My colleague is discussing
something else. I am inquiring aboutthe uni-
versal practice of all committees in this House.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman vJfll
allow me, I will answer the inquiry. I do not
suppose it is the universal practice to pro-
hibit parties appearing by counsel before com-
mittees, but I beg leave to say in a matter of
inquiry touching the conduct of a former mem-
ber of this House he did appear before a com-
mittee of the House by his counsel, and did
cross-examine several witnesses.
Mr. SCOFIELD. What committee "was
that ?
Mr, BINGHAM. The Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the vote on the
motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. COVODE." I wish to suggest to the
House that it is the province of Mr. Smythe
now to bring witnesses before the Committee
on Public Expenditures. But as there appears
to be an effort making toward his impeachment,
I do not think it is his province to appear be-
fore them by counsel. I would, therefore, sug-
gest that he be permitted to bring his witnesses
before the committee, and let the committee
examine them.
Mr. HULBURD. I wish to say that it has
been the invariable practice of the committee
since I have been a member of it to allow any
person interested to come before them and pro-
duce witnesses, and that will continue to be
their practice unless the House shall other-
wise order. But we have never allowed coun-
sel to appear, and in this instance I would not
feel at liberty to do it without instructions
from the House.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. J should
like to ^sk the chairman of the Committee on
Public Expenditures [Mr. Hulburd] whether
that committee are doing as they were ordered,
proceeding forthwith to investigate with a view
to impeachment. I had supposed that before
this time they would have acted upon those in-
structions. If this man is innocent, then let
the committee so report. I bad supposed that
before this time the committee would have
reported articles of impeachment, or made an
exculpatory report.
Mr. RANDALL. I would ask the gentle-
man what he, as chairman of the committee,
bas to fear in connection with the examination
of this question, should Mr. Smythe be allowed
to appear before that committee by counsel?
Mr. HULBURD. Nothing at all.
Mr. RANDALL. Then why not permit
"him to do so? Why stand up as a puliic in-
vestigator, and deny the privilege of a clean
and thorough examination ?
Mr. HULBURD. That privilege has never
been yet accorded to any person.
Mr. RANDALL. Then the sooner we begin
to do right the better.
Mr. HULBURD. If the House order it we
■will do so, and not otherwise.
Mr. RANDALL. I trust then the House
will be driven to a sense of fairness, and grant
the privilege Mr. Smythe asks.
Mr. BOYER. In addition to the ease eitod
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,]
where a party was allowed to appear before an
investigating committee by counsel, I desire to
say that I was a member of a committee of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, which was appointed
to investigate a dispute between Mr. Coxk-
lixg and the Provost Marshal General, and
they both, Mr. Coxkling and the Provost
Marshal General, appeared before that com-
mittee with their counsel.
■ Mr. BANKS. I desire simply to say that
this presents a question different from that
presented by an ordinary investigation, in
which any party who might be implicated
would not" have the right to appear before the
committee by counsel. But here is an order
of the House to investigate upon a distinct
charge, upon evidence which has been pub-
lished for a distinct purpose, and it appears to
me that if a party publicly implicated desires
to appear before the committee with counsel
he should be granted that permission. The
committee have control of the matter, and
can limit the extent to which that privilege
shall be exercised. I hope the request will
be granted.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I hope
this House will hesitate and ponder upon this
question before it establishes a precedent of
this sort. The direction which the House has
given to the Committee on Public Expendi-
tures is to inquire with reference to the im-
peachment of the party implicated. Now, are
we to hold that there shall be two trials, one
in this House, or before one of its committees,
and another in the Senate, should articles of
impeachment be found? The case referred to
by my friend from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] bears
no relation to this case. That was a case in
which a member of Congress was concerned ;
and so was the one referred to by my col-
league, [Mr. Boyer.] They were both of the
same character, the jurisdiction being exclu-
sively in this House. Now, if we change the
whole practice in eases of this sort in the way
asked then we shall have a trial in the first
place here, and another trial in the second
place in the Senate, should articles of impeach-
ment be found.
Mr. RANDALL. If it is to result in im-
peachment, then the greater propriety of his
having counsel.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Has the
gentleman ever heard of a case before a grand
jury where the defendant was allowed to pro-
duce witnesses ? All they look for is a prima
facie or presumptive case.
Mr. RANDALL. A grand jury hears but
one side ; that is what I want to avoid here.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I trust
the House will hesitate before it establishes a
precedent of this sort.
Mr. PRUYN. 1 understand that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Williams]
himself appeared as counsel before one of the
committees of this House a few years ago in
the case of Judge Irwin.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I ap-
peared on behalf of the prosecution in that
case.
Mr. PRUYN. It does not matter on which
side ; it is a precedent.
Mr. COVODE. I have had considerable
experience in investigations of this sort. I
never allowed parties to appear by counsel
except in one case ; that was the ease of Judge
Black, then a member of Mr. Buchanan's Cab-
inet. He had counsel in a case in which he
was indirectly interested. In no other case
did I ever allow a counsel for the party charged
to appear before the committee.
This committee, Mr. Speaker, is to some ex-
tent different from all others that we have be-
fore had in this House. It is to take action look-
ing to the impeachment of Mr. Smythe, if there |
should appear sufficient ground for such a pro-
ceeding. It is the nature of a grand jury; and
I deny that parties have a right to appear by
counsel before a grand jury. The parties
effected by an investigation in a committee
may have a right to present their witnesses,
but not to appear bv counsel.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I ask leave to make
a statement.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection?
There was no objection.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, it seems
to me that according to all established prece-
dent it is not proper that this resolution should
be adopted. A committee of this House has
been charged with the duty of making an inves-
tigation to see whether there is probable cause
for recommending articles of impeachment
against Mr. Smythe, collector of the port of
New York. If this House should agree upon
articles of impeachment they will go to the
Senate, where the office? must have his trial.
This committee is, I think, necessarily in the
nature of a grand jury; and I do not believe
that it is proper or preeedented that counsel
for the accused should appear until the trial is
had before the Senate.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr.. Woodbridse]
whether there is not a very clear and a very
great difference between a grand jury and this
committee? The grancUjury that investigates
criminal cases primarily is sworn to secrecy,
and its proceedings are kept inviolate. This
committee is reporting to the House, piece-
meal, portions of the testimony, calculated to
ruin utterly the character of this gentleman.
Now, I am not his defender; but it seems to
me that his request should be granted as a
simple matter of justice. He is, as I under-
stand it, an unprofessional man, a merchant,
and desires to appear before the committee
with some one competent to grasp and com-
prehend his case, softie one capable of cross-
examining the witnesses and presenting his
case in its proper legal aspect before the com-
mittee. I wonder that the committee should
object to this, unless its members desire—and
I do not charge or believe that they do desire
—to ruin utterly the character of this gentle-
man.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Now, Mr. Speaker,
I have not the least desire to injure the char-
acter of Mr. Smythe, with whom I have not
the pleasure of an acquaintance. I believe
that the testimony before a committee of this
kind is ordinarily kept secret; and that it
would have been kept secret in this case if the
reporter had not been bribed by this accused
person, so that the testimony became public
through his own act.
Now, sir, I say that the proceedings before
this committee are analogous to those before a
grand jury. The committee is not a court of
any final jurisdiction. It is not a court that
can try this person. Its duty is simply to ex-
amine the case and report to the House whether
there is cause for further action. All that the
committee can do is that which a grand jury
does under the power conferred by geneial law.
I think that if we should adopt this resolution
the precedent would be a bad one. If this man
is allowed to appear by counsel before this com-
mittee, then on all subsequent proceedings be-
fore committees, involving questions of this
character, counsel may be allowed to appear.
Mr. COVODE. In the impeachment of the
President, for instance.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Yes, sir; as the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Covode]
suggests, the President might ask to send coun-
sel before the Judiciary Committee, who have
underinvestigation the question of his impeach-
ment. I am sure no gentleman on this floor
will say it would be proper to grant that priv-
ilege to the President of the United States.
The granting of the privilege proposed in
this resolution is not in accordance with the
general course of analogous proceedings. It
would work mischief; while 1 cannot see that
any injury would arise to this gentleman if he
should be allowed only such privileges as are
ordinarily extended on like circumstances.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask leave
of the House to make a statement.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection ?
There was no objection.
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg leave to say thatin
this matter of impeachment there is no inquest
known to the Constitution of the United States
exccptthe House of Representatives. No com-
mittee of the House of Representatives was
ever an inquest either for impeachment or any-
thing else. A committee in a case ol this kind,
in which a civil officer is charged with impeach-
able offenses, is simply a commission to take
testimony to be reported to and considered by
the House.
This being the case, it rests necessarily in
the discretion of the House whether the officer
charged shall be allowed to appear in person
or by attorney before the committee and exam-
ine witnesses. If there be such circumstances
in the case as make it improper in the judg-
ment of the House to allow the investigation
of this committee to lie made public by ihe
