1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
837
, The. joint resolution was read at length, ft
provides that the amounts of mopey not esti-
mated for, and asked by the Navy Department,,
to be appropriated by Congress to the use of
said Department for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1868, now under the control of the said
Department, be, and the same are hereby,
ordered to be covered iijto the Treasury of the
United States, and thereby taken from the con-
trol of the said Navy Department.
Mr. BROOKS. I would like to know what
this Resolution really means.
Mr. LOGAN. The object of the resolution
is to place in the Treasury of the United States
moneys now in the control of the Navy Depart-
ment, not asked for by the Department and
not required by it.
Mr. BROOKS. Is not there now a general
law to meet the case ?
Mr. LOGAN. • There is not. By referring
to the report of the Secretary of the Navy, pub-
lished at the last session of Congress, it will
be seen that he reports as the total available
resources of the Department for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1867, the sum of $117,944,-
060 48. After estimating for certain purposes,
the Secretary goes on to say:
"The large unexpended balance in the Treasury at
the close of the last fiscal year is embraced in appro-
priations under more than one hundred different
heads. Many of these are continuous, have been
made for years, their expenditure will be protracted
through years to come, and, though assisting to make
up a large balance, cannot be dispensed with. There
are large amounts, however, under the heads of
' construction,'' steam engineering,'' ordnance,' 'pro-
visions and clothing,' and 'fuel,' which can with pro-
priety revert to the Treasury. No appropriations
under those heads were mado for the current year,
and for the ensuing year none are asked. In tho
course of time the appropriations would be ex-
hausted. but it is not believed to be in accordance
with sound public policy in time of peace to continue
such large amounts at the disposal ot the Depart-
ment. . . -
"Liberal appropriationsforthe naval servicewere
made during the existence of the war, but the funds
of the Department were always carefully and eco-
nomically expended. This fact is attested by the
numerous claims of contractors for relief now before
Congress; and the result is that the Department is
able to complete all the vessels and engines con-
tracted for before the close of the war, and designate
appropriations to tho amount of about fifty million
dollars that can be relinquished to the Treasury, or
may be otherwise disposed of by Congress.
"It has heretofore been deemed essential to correct
administration that there should be annual esti-
mates for proposed expenditures and specific appro-
priations therefor after examination by Congress,
and this Department has no desire to evade this
annual scrutiny."
The Secretary of the Navy himself declares
in his report that it would be proper to cover
this money into the Treasury, so as to take
it from under his control. It strikes me that
the proper way of doing the business of the
country would be to have this money placed
in the Treasury, and then require the Depart-
ment to make estimates for and ask Congress
to appropriate such amounts as may be re-
quired to carry on the operations of the De-
partment. No estimates are made and no
money asked for by the Navy Department for
the reason that the Secretary now has millions
in his hands unexpended. It strikes me it is
rather a novel way of doing business, at least
not a very business-like way, to allow the sum
of $117,000,000 to be in the hands of the Navy
Department, without any estimate for it or
order by Congress in relation to the use to be
made of it. I know that in ordinary transac-
tions men of business would not act in that
way, and it seems to me we should not allow
any Department of this Government to carry
on business in that way when wo have the
whole matter within our own control.
Mr. BBOOKS. The statements and the
theories of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Log.ot] are doubtless all very correct. But I
am not satisfied that there does not now exist
a general law—if not there ought to be one—
throwing all these unexpended sums back into
Ijiy Treasury. My own recollection is that
there is such a general law now ; and I would
suggest, if there be doubts on the subject, that
the law bo made general, not particular.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, sir, I should be glad
if there were a law of that kind ; but if there is,
40tii Cosh. 1st Pres.—^o.
I have been unable to find it. The Secretary
of the Navy does not understand that there is
such a law. If there is a law of the kind it
would obviate any necessity for the action
which I now propose. I find the Secretary of
the Navy saying in his report:
" It has heretofore been deemed essential to correct
administration that there should be annual estimates
for proposed expenditures andspeeific appropriations
therefor after examination by Congress, and this De-
partment has no desire to evade this annual scru-
tiny."
This would certainly leave the impression on
the mind of any one reading it that there is
no law requiring him to pay this money into
■the Treasury. He certainly does not under-
stand that there is such a law.
Mir. BROOKS. I believe the law is that
balances reniaining unexpended for two years
go back into the'Treasury.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I think
there is a very old law requiring that all bal-
ances not expended within a certain time shall
go back to the Treasury. I do not think that
law has ever been repealed.
Mr. LOGAN. If there is such a law apply-
ing in this case, the Secretary of the Navy
must be very ignorant in reference to the law;
for he says:
"As several of the bureaus will have unexpended
appropriations, which will bo ample for some time
to come, they have made no estimates for the fiscal
year ending June 30,1868."
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I think that the
law to which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
refers relates only to appropriations. Balances
of appropriations remaining unexpended for
two years are covered again into the Treasury.
The $98,000,000 to which the gentleman from
Illinois refers has been received, as I under-
stand, from the sale of property. It is not
money appropriated by Congress; and hence
I presume it would not come within the law to
which the gentleman from Pennsylvania refers.
Mr. LOGAN. I will state in reference to
that matter that the greater part of this amount
of $117,000,000 now in the hands of the Sec-
retary of the Navy has never been appropriated
by Congress, but has accrued in his hands by
reason of the sale of property belonging to the
Navy Department, which was ordered to be
disposed of by resolution of Congress.
Mr. ALLISON. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Illinois to state that this sum of
$98,000,000 is now in the hands of the Secre-
tary of the Navy, or that it is in the Treasury
and is counted as a part of the balance in the
Treasury?
Mr. LOGAN. I do not state that it is in
the Treasury. I have no evidence of any such
fact. The evidence I have from this report is
that the money is in the hands of the Secretary
of the Navy unappropriated and unexpended.
Mr. ALLISON. As I understand the fact,
money arising from the sale of property in this
way is uniformly paid into the Treasury of the
United States, and is counted as a balance in
tho Treasury; and no Department of the Gov-
ernment, as I understand, can draw any money
from the Treasury without a specific appropri-
ation by Congress. If there is this $98,000,000
or $117,000,000 to the credit of the Navy De-
partment, then not one dollar of that fund can
be drawn except by requisition of the Secre-
tary of the Navy and on specific appropriation
by Congress.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Does not the Secretary
of the Navy in his report state that the money
which is referred to, or most of it, is derived
from appropriations heretofore made under a
hundred different heads, and not from the sale
of property?
Mr.' LOGAN. I will quote the language of
the Secretary, which is as follows: .
"The largo unexpended balance in the Treasury
at the close of the last fiscal year is embraced in ap-
propriations under more than one hundred different
heads. Many of these are continuous, have been
made for years, their expenditure will be protiacted
through years to come, and, tlmugh assisting to make
up a largo balance, cannotbedispensed with.
are large amounts, however, .under the heads ot
'construction,"steamengineering, ordnance, pro-
visionsandclothing,' ami' fuel, which can with pro-
priety revert to tho Treasury, iso appropriations
under these heads were made for the current year,
and for the ensuing year none jire asked. In tho
course of time the appropriations would be ex-
hausted, but it is not believed to be in accordance
with sound- public policy in time of peace to continue
such large amounts at the disposal of the Depart-
ment."
That is the language of the Secretary o{" the..
Navy. He says they can with propriety revert
to the Treasury, but they never have reverted,
to the Treasury. They are not in the Treasury,
but under the control of the Secretary of the
Navy, and for that reason no appropriation
under these heads has been asked for.
But my idea is this: they have no right to
expend money except that appropriated by
Congress, and when money accumulates in
their hands it should be placed in the Treasury
of the United States. When any of these
Departments require money they should submit
the proper estimates and await the regular
appropriation by Congress.
Mr. VAN WyCK. I ask the gentleman
from Illinois to acceptan amendment, that not
only the Navy Department, but all the other
Departments having unexpended balances ac-
cruing before June, 1866, shall be required to
cover them back into the Treasury of the
United States. The ordnance department
has a balance of $18,000,000. They had
$16,000,000 more than that during thelast year,
which were expended without any estimates
being submitted to the Congress of the United
States, and this $18,000,000 will be expended
in precisely the same way on heavy guns,
which have never been tested as to their capa-
city and endurance.
Mr. LOGAN. In reply to the gentleman
from New York, I will say that my resolution
already embraces the ordnance department
of the Navy. It is specially referred to as
having a portion of this unexpended balance
in its hands, and my resolution comprises at
least that part of the Navy Department.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I do not
know that I understand the report of tho Sec-
retary of the Navy. He sent for the current
year an estimate for $13,252,906 besides that
for the Marine corps; and it was reported in
the bill making appropriations for that arm of
the service, and passed both branches of Con-
gress. 1 do not see why, under the law, these
unexpended balances have not gone into the
surplus fund long ago.
Mr. LOGAN. Perhaps I have not been able
to make myself understood in reference to this
matter. I understand that the Secretary of tho
Navy declares first, that he has over ninety-
eight million dollars of unexpended balances
on hand; and then he further declares that he
has so much more money which has accumu-
lated in his hands from the sales of certain
articles. He asks for an appropriation of
$18,000,000. He has over one hundred and
seventeen million dollars in his hands. He
j will then have, after the appropriation of
$18,000,000, almost $100,000,000 over and
above the estimate submitted to Congress, and
for which appropriation was asked for the Navy
Department.
Mr. ALLISON. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to claim that the Secretary of the Navy
can use this money without the action of Con-
gress?
Mr. LOGAN. He himself positively says
that he can under the law. He says this money
is in his hands unexpended, having thus accu-
mulated under his control, and that it has not
been taken from his control by any action of
Congress. Not only so; he declares further in
his report that the heads of different bureaus
having these large amounts on hand, accumu-
lated from the sale of property, they have for
that reason made no application to Congress
for appropriations for the fiscal year ending
June 30,1868. That is the reason he gives why
they have asked for no appropriation. He says
they have made no requisitions^ because they
have large amounts on hand which he believes
will last for several years. At least he under-
stands that they can expend this money with-
out any appropriation by Congress. My object
