338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
is that they shall be permitted to . do no such
thing; that they shall be permitted to expend
no money except that which has been granted
to them by direct appropriation by Congress.
By this resolution we cover the money into
the Treasury Department, and if they require
money for ordnance or for any of the bureaus
of the Navy Department they must make their
estimates and signify to Congress what they
want it for, and then Congress can give it to
them.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
consideration of the joint resolution? The
Chair hears none.
The joint resolution was read a first, second,
and third time.
Mr. BOYER. Is it in order to move to lay
the resolution on the table?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BOYER. Inasmuch as there may be
some' confusion introduced into the accounts
if this resolution is passed, I move that it be
referred to the Committee on Appropriations
when appointed, in order that it may be brought
up at some future time, when we may have a
better opportunity to investigate the subject, as
it seems to me it ought to be investigated.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well; I have'presented
the resolution in order to take the sense of the
House upon it. If the House is willing that
the Navy Department shall have $117,000,000
it has a right to say so. But I say to gen-
tlemen that the Secretary of the Navy in his
report himself asks Congress to do just what I
have asked it to do.
Mr. BOYER. I do not see that that is any
reason why this should not bo referred to the
appropriate committee, and therefore I insist
on the motion.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I suggest that
it would be better to refer it to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BOYER. I accept the suggestion.
Mr. LOGAN. There is 110 such committee.
Air. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. When ap-
pointed there will be.
Mr. LOGAN. There may be no money loft
when that committee is appointed.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I ask consent to offer a
substitute.
, Mr. LOGAN. I will hear it read for infor-
mation.
The substitute was read, as follows:
Resolved bv the Senate and House of Representatives,
&e„ That all the appropriations to moot tho dis-
bur.-iemof tho Wur or Navy Departments, or any
of the bureaus there®!', for or in aid of tho suppres-
sion of tho rebellion, made prior to Juno 30,1866,
unexpended, but liable to draft by any of tho dis-
bursing officers of either of those Departments at
this dato, shall bo oovored in tho Treasury.
Mr. LOGAN. I cannot accept that. I call
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The first question was on the motion of Mr.
Boyuk, to refer the resolution to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs when appointed; and
being taken, it was disagreed to-—ayes 24,
noes 72.
The joint resolution was then ordered to_be
engrossed and read a third time; and bein°;
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
affairs in maryland.
Mr. THOMAS. I ask, unanimous consent
to present two memorials for the purpose of
having them printed. First, from members of
the General Assembly of Maryland, asking the
immediate consideration by Congress of the
condition of public affairs in that State ; and
second, resolutions adopted by the Grand
Union League of Maryland.
No objection beiug made, the memorials
were ordered to be printed.
contingent appropriation of the senate.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
to take up from the Speaker's table Senate bill
No. 83, making appropriations to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for contingent
expenses of the Senate of the United States
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1807, and
for other purposes.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
up, and read a first and second time.
The bill was read at length.
Mr. STEVENS, of P'ennsylvania. I move
to amend by striking out all after the enacting
clause of the second section, as follows:
That section ten of an act entitled "An act making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30,1868, and for
other purposes," passed at the second session of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, shall not be . construed to
allow a greater compensation for tho publication of
the laws passed by Congress and executive procla-
mations and treaties in the papers of the District of
Columbia than is provided by law for such publica-
tions in other papers.
And by inserting in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing :
That so much of section seven of an act entitlod
"An act making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of theGovernment for the year onding June
30.1808, and for other purposes," approved March
2,1867, as relates to tho publication of the treaties
and laws, be, and tho same is hereby, extended to
the States not therein designated, and to the Terri-
tories ; and that it shall be the duty of the Secretary
of State, upon receiving notice of the designation of
newspapers under the act aforesaid and this section,
promptly to furnish to such newspapers authentic
copied of the treaties and laws of the United States to
be published as aforesaid: Provided, ltshall bo law-
ful to print tho laws and treaties of tho United States
as aforesaid in three newspapeis in Louisiana.
And that the following sums be, and tho same are
hereby, appropriated outof any money in tho Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated for tho objects here-
inafter expressed for the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 1867, namely:
For stationery for the House of Eepresontativcs,
$9,000.
For newspapers, $10,000.
For miscellaneous items, $10,000.
And that there be, and hereby is, appropriated
out of any money in tho Treasury not otherwiso
appropriated for salaries of Commissioner of Educa-
tion and his clerks, $9,400; for furnishing offices and
for stationery, $0,000.
Mr. LAFLIN. I would ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] if hisamend-
inent provides for the publication of the laws
in the loyal States under the same rules and
regulations which were provided at the last
session for tlieir publication in the disloyal
States?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. It is the
same provision which was passed by the House
at this session and sent to the Senate, with this
addition, that it directs the Secretary of State
to furnish copies of the laws to be published.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] permit me to
offer an amendment to his amendment?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I will
hear it read.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to insert after the
proviso in the paragraph relating to the publi-
cation of the laws the following:
And provided further, That the Daily Morning
Chronicle and Daily Evening Leader of the city of
Washington are herebydesignated as tho two papers
in which tho advertisements mentioned in the tenth
section of tho abovo-rccited act shall be published
until otherwise ordered by Congress, any law to the
contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. That is a
little too bald, I think. We have never named
any papers in our laws.
Mr. LOGAN. By a resolution passed on
the last night of the last session of the last
Congress it was provided that the papers here-
tofore named by the Clerk should do certain
printing.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. We passed
a law by which the two papers in the District
having the largest circulation should have the
printing. If that gives the Star and the Chron-
icle the printing I do not propose myself to dis-
turb the arrangement by naming a new paper
in place of one of them, although I may prefer
its politics. I prefer to leave the matter as it
now stands.
;Mr. BROOKS. In the noise and confusion
here I am not quite certain that I understand
the object of the provision in relation to the
printing of the laws. Is it to take from the
Secretary of State and give to the Clerk of this
House the selection of papers throughout the
United States for the publication of the laws?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Laws and
tr6cltlGS«
Mr. BROOKS. The publication of both
laws and treaties?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Yes, sir.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not know that I shall
object to that, for I think it will bring the
Clerk of the House of Representatives in col-
lision with about two thirds of the Radical
newspapers of the country.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. We will
want a little hot blood during this summer.
I now call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the amendment of Mr. Ste-
vens, of Pennsylvania, was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
grading capitol grounds.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The other
day I had ordered to be referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations a bill ffom the Sen-
ate, not thinking at the time that there was no
such committee yet appointed. The Senate
deem the passage of the bill important at this
time. It is Senate bill No. 04, to provide in
part for grading the public grounds, and for
other purposes. It is an appropriation of
$20,000, and affects our comfort here. I ask
that the motion to refer be reconsidered, and
that it be again put upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the bill contains an
appropriation will it not have to be consid-
ered in Committee of the Whole ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I do not
ask that the bill be put upon its passage at this
time; merely that it be placed upon the Speak-
er's table the same as if no order had been made
in regard to its reference.
No objection was made, and the bill was ac-
cordingly again placed upon the Speaker' u table.
public schools.
Mr. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following preamble and res-
olution ; which were read, considered, and
agreed to:
Whereas "religion, morality,and knowledge are,"
in thclanguage of Jefferson in tho Ordinance of 1787,
" necessary to tho good government and the happi-
ness of mankind," therefore schools and the means
of education should be everywhere established; and
whereas from various causes the interests of popu-
lar education have been so greatly neglected in tho
States lately in rebellion that nearly one half of tho
voting population therein are at the present time
unable to road and write; andwlieroas such a stato
of things cannot long continue with safety to tho
nation or to the best interests, prosperity, and hap-
piness of the people of those States: Thereforo,
Resolved, That this House expresses its earnest hopo
that the people of the States lately in insurrection
will, in reorganizing the same in accordance with
existing laws for that purpose, insert in their re-
spective State constitutions a provision requiring the
Legislature to establish andmaintain asystem of free
schools which shall afford adequate opportunity for
public education to all the children of the State.
testimony affecting a senator.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution, at the re-
quest of a Senator:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Expendi-
tures be, and is hereby, instructed to furnish to Sen-
ator Patterson a certified copy of tho testimony
given by David A. Hull, an officer of this House, bo-
fore said committee in its investigations of the New
York custom-house frauds.
Mr. HULBURD. I object.
Mr. BALDWIN, (at two o'clock and fifty-five
minutes p. m.) I move that the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
contested election prom dtaii territory.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
letter from William McGrorty to the Clerk of
