340
Tfif CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
A Member. Oh no, that is prescribed by
Congress. . .
Mr. SCHEfTCK. That maybe the uniform
prescribed by Congress ; it is not the uniform
prescribed by Congress for persons abroad at
Court. In our own country,, in the Army and
Navy, it might be consideredas prescribed by
Congress, but we have none whatever abroad.
Now, all I have to say is, it seems to me the
Congress of the United. States is dabbling in a
very small matter when it insists that while it
does not prescribe anything that shall be worn
by our representatives abroad, those represent-
atives sh^ll. be put under bonds not to wear
anything which will prevent them from appear-
ing singular when they go abroad. That is the
whole of it. If Congress will prescribe a Court
dress, no matter how much it may resemble, for
instance, the suit of my friend who sits before
me, [Mr. Van Hoiw, of Missouri,] let it be
complied with. But this resolution does not
propose any such thing. It does not propose
an American eagle on the collar, or a black
coat or a blue coat or a plain coat or an em-
broidered coat; but it simply says they shall
not wear any uniform whatever until Congress
shall prescribe one. But it does not seom at
all probable that Congress will prescribe one.
Certainly this resolution does not propose to
do it.
The truth is, in attempting to avoid making
ourselves ridiculous we shall only succeed in
milking ourselves ridiculous. I know what
the argument is. I know that it is said that
the dignity of an American citizcn should be
his passport everywhere, and wo are told to
look at Benjamin Franklin, who went to the
Court of Franco in the days of the greatest
formality and ceremony in the public service,
and wore a plain citizen's dress. But what
was that dress? My friend from Massachusetts
would present a most singular figure, I appre-
hend, with a plum-colored coat lined with white
or colored satin, knee-breeches, and a three-
cornered hat.
. Mr. BANKS. If the gentleman will allow
me, it was the citizen's dress of the State of
Pennsylvania, honorable in that State to all^,
men who were entitled to wear it, as Benjamin
Franklin was; and any other costume than that
which he wore would not have been a badge
calculated to do credit to the one who wore it.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well; if the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs will
amend his resolution so as to prescribe what
shall bo an American costume there will be
something practical in it. But the trouble is
it does not prescribe anything. You only say
to the people abroad in their several Courts :
"We defy you: we are democrats: this is a
matter of usage and taste and not of law ; but
while wc conform to usage in our own country,
we expect when wc go abroad to conform to
our own usage there and not to yours. We are
independent of all the world; wo lay down the
rule at home, and we lay down the rule with
you ; and we do not mean to depart from that
which we regard as the true rule upon this
subject, as democratic American citizens,
wherever we may be."
Now. I hold that true politeness consists in
complying, to a reasonable degree at least, so
as not to appear singular, with the usages of
the country, its courts and assemblies of every
kind, where you may happen to be. If you
do not do that, then you will have no rule at
all. The bob-tail business coat, whether drab,
or blue or green, any and every one, will be
equally in order under the law you now pro-
pose to pass.
Mr. GARFIELD. They are hanging men
and women in Ireland for
"Wearing of the green."
Mr. SCHENCK. It may be said that I am
taking a very anti-democratic view of this sub-
ject. Bat I am taking the common-sense
view, the one to avoid ridicule. And I say to
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs and to this House that for a man to
go to a public assembly abroad, where a cer-
tain usage in regard to costume generally pre-
vails, and to insist upon the singularity of
wearing whatever he may have been accus-
tomed to wear on his farm, in his shop, or his
office, or at an evening party at home, and to
refuse to conform to the rules and the usages
of the country where he may happen to be, is
to put himself in opposition to and to fight
against laws, which, after all, are stronger than
auy law upon your statute-book, the laws of
society. And I tell you he will feel, just as my
friend from Virginia, the consul, felt, that he
has made himself ridieslous by his affected
singularity, and that the Secretary of State at
home made a mistake; and with all his de-
mocracy, of which he so boasted, he "Will take
care the next time hegoesto Court to conform,
at least to a reasonable extent, with the usages
that prevail there, so as not to be laughed at;
or he will stay away altogether.
And I say oven more than that; I say, not
to comply to a certain extent with the usages
of a country to which a man may go as the
representative of this country, little as it may
seem proper that it should be so, is, to a cer-
tain extent, to impair his usefulness. I have
known an American minister to be able to
obtain concessions from a foreign Govern-
ment, and to obtain an advantage of the min-
isters of two or three of the principal Powers
of the world without any sacrifice of his own
self-respect, but merely by yielding a little to
the prejudices and usages of the country in
relation to mere matters of social life.
Thegentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Judd,] who
was at Berlin, 1 have no doubt can tell us some-
thing upon this subject. Perhaps the gentle
man from Berlin has never worn a Court cos-
tume of any kind; 1 do not know how that may
be. But he is a gentleman, I know, to be able to
climb the ladder [laughter] of fame either in
one dress or another. And I shall be happy to
hear from him upon this subject. But before
1 yield the floor for that purpose I wish to say
a word further.
Usages abroad are very different in this
respect. As I understand some Courts are
much more liberal than others. Some I know
are very great sticklers for these apparently
immaterial formalities and ceremonies. But
whether all those formalities are to a very
great degree dispensed with, as in our court at
the other end of the avenue, or whether they
stickle for them to a very great extent as they
do in most of the Spanish and Portuguese
Courts, in either case there may be something
gained by conforming to some extent to those
customs. Certainly there is a risk that some-
thing may be lost if we say to those countries,
"iV'e not only expect to control our own social
matters at home, but when we go abroad we
mean to let you people of old countries under-
stand that we will defy all your customs and
habits in this regard."
I now yield to the gentleman from Berlin,
[Mr. Judd,] with the permission of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Basks.]
Mr. JUDD. I do not quite like to be con-
sidered the Representative"of Berlin upon this
floor, because that might impose upon me the
necessity of speaking in German. Now, my
knowledge of German is not sufficient to ena-
ble me to make what might be called a great
speech in it. [Laughter.]
There is some Force in the argument of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Scheme:.] There
is perhaps some little annoyance at times and
under certain circumstances in being pre-
sented in society in a costume different from
that worn by persons about us. But that very
difficulty is incurred by every man from a for-
eign nation possessing a peculiar kind of cos-
tume. The Turk appears at a foreign Court
in the costume he wears before his sovereign
at home. The representative of the Greeks,
even the ladies of some nations, appear in the
peculiar costumes and head-dresses at foreign
Courts that they wear at home. Each nation
indicates to its diplomatic corps'what costume
it desires them to wear when they officially
represent their nation.
■ The difficulty in the practice of this Govern-
ment has been that we have had no rule upon
the subject; and each of our representatives
abroad has been at liberty to put on any kind
of toggery (if I may use that expression) that
he saw fit, whether his taste was good or bad.
Mr. Marcy undertook to regulate this matter,
under the pressure, as my friend from Ohio
would say, of the public sentiment of the coun-
try ; but he failed. He gave advice to our rep-
resentatives abroad, but he issued no orders.
Hence, it was left to each gentleman repre-
senting the country at a foreign Court to do as
he pleased in this respect.
General Jackson, as I am told, undertook to
.prescribe a uniform by saying—and I do not
know but instructions were issued—that a Te-
publican representative should appear in a
black suit of clothes, with a sword in a scab-
bard at his side, a star on his breast, and a
chapeau, indicating his .republican position,
and getting rid of all the tinsel that is some-
times put upon the shoulders of our represent-
atives, with no meaning in it except as a show.
I believe, Mr. Speaker, it would be well if a
uniform, simple in itself, but indicative of the
character and citizenship of the representative,
should be prescribed by Congress or by the
State Department; but until this is done I am in
favor of restricting our representatives abroad to
a suit of clothes similar to that whieh they wear
when presented to the head of their own Gov-
ernment. I cannot perceive the embarrassment
which thegentleman from Ohio seems to think
would grow out of this requirement. I know
perfectly well that the servants in those royal
palaces are, when dressed in black, among the
best-dressed gentlemen in the country; and I
know that not only at royal entertainments, but
at entertainments in private families, where
the uniform is not demanded, but where roy-
alty attends, it is customary for Americans to
appear in what would be called in this country
an evening dress. And, Mr. Speaker, at the
place where I had the honor to serve as a rep-
resentative, if any gentleman ha'd accompanied
me clad in citizen's dress, although it might
have attracted attention, yet I do not think it
would have been the subject-matter of com-
ment. All objection to such a dress'would, I
think, be removed were it understood at for-
eign Courts that the -dress is worn by direction
of the Government, not by the mere choice of
the representative. Our representatives would
then stand in a position precisely correspond-
ing to that which the representatives of other
Governments occupy upon this question.
Mr. Speaker, I am in favor of this resolution.
I would not support it if, as apprehended by
the gentleman from Ohio, it prevented gentle-
men holding military positions from wearing
their uniforms. It seems to mo highly proper
that they should do so. But I understand
there is at present an act of Congress author-
izing military officers to wear their uniforms
upon such occasions, official or otherwise, as
fchey deem proper. This resolution, as I un-
derstand, will not interfere with that privilege.
I believe such of our diplomats as may have
military honors will still have the privilege
wherever they may be. The honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs will
correct me if I am mistaken.
I do hope, Mr. Speaker, that we shall pass
this resolution. I do not think it beneath our
dignity that by act of Congress or by the action
of some official of the Government we should
prescribe some insignia for our representatives
abroad. The gentleman from Ohio indicated
what it seemed to me would be a very proper
insignia, it should be something indicative
of our nationality, so that we may get rid of
this surplus tinsel which has no meaning—■
these gewgaws which might be fit for a child
to wear, but which do not speak well for our
country or for the individual who wears them.
Mr. BANKS. I yield to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
