1867-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. COY ODE. I wish to offer an amend-
ment.'
Mr. BANKS. I will yield to hear the amend-
ment read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That all diplomatic agents shall not be
permitted to wear any Court dress oxeept.Sflch as
shall be prescribed, and the pattern drawn and fash-
ioned by the chief tailor of this nation, who is now
presiding oyer its destinies.
[Great laughter.]
Mr. BANKS. I will accept the gentleman's
amendment when he is willing to give that
officer the supreme direction in all other affairs.
Mr. COVODE. I cannot agree to that.
Mr. NOELL. 1 ask leave to oifer an amend-
ment to the resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
The uniform prescribed by this act shall be as fol-
lows: cocked hat looped up with the American eagle;
swallow-tailed coat with the stars and stripes upon
the tail, and the words marked in worsted, "Pro-
tective Tariff;" butternut pantaloons, closely fitting;
yellow stockings with garters d la Franklin; round-
toed shoes of the latest Lowell fashions; buckskin
vest, one side black and the other white, indicative
of no distinction on account of color; pinchbeck
breastpin with inscription, ".Economy is wealth."
The reading of the amendment was greeted
with repeated peals of laughter.
Mr. BANKS. I cannot consent to that
amendment being offered.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Is it in order to move
to refer the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. Not without the consent
of the gentleman from Massachusetts while he
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BANKS. I yield now to the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. PRUYN. I should like to have per-
mission to submit the substitute which I send
up to the Clerk's desk, and to say a few words
011 it:
licsolved, That the Secretary of State be, and he is
hereby, authorized to prescribe such uniform for the
use ol' the diplomatic representatives of the United
States as he may deem proper.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the gentleman
from Massachusetts will permit that to be
offered.
Mr. BANKS. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise simply for the pur-
pose of making an inquiry in order to guide
my vote. If I understand the exception it
allows every person who is or has been a mil-
itary officer in this country to appear in Court
costume or military dress when in a European
court. Am I right?
Mr. BANKS. The resolution, as I under-
stand, will allow the diplomatic representative
of this country who has been in the Army or
Navy of the United States to wear the uniform
of liis rank.
Mr. BROOKS. Does it mean actually serv-
ing in the Army at the time, a regular officer
of the Army or Navy?
Mr. BANKS. If he has been a volunteer
during the late rebellion he is entitled by the
laws of his country wherever he goes to wear
the uniform of the highest rank which he held.
If he should be a diplomatic representative he
will be entitled to wear that uniform abroad.
If he is not, and has not been in the Army or
Navy, he will of course not be entitled to wear
the uniform of cither.
Mr. BROOKS. If he has been a major gen-
eral, a colonel, or lieutenant of militia called
out during the last rebellion and in actual ser-
vice he will, I understand, be entitled to wear
Ms uniform.
Mr. BANKS. It only refers to those who
are entitled to wear uniform under the act of
Congress of 18G6.
Mr. BROOKS. According the explanation
of the gentleman from Massachusetts this be-
comes a matter of interest to gentlemen on
both sides of the House who have not been
militarv officers. As it now stands the disquali-
fication will be large. There are all over the
House some seven or eight major generals in
the Army of the United States, and several
colonels, but the large majority have been
neither colonels nor major generals; and in
case of service abroad they would.pot be en-
titled to wear the uniform, the court dress of
the Army. These gentlemen would be com-
pelled to appear in plain citizen's dress. I
submit, if the gentleman intends to press his
resolution, that he should cut off all excep-
tions whatever, so that every citizen who goes
as a minister to a foreign Court shall be
required to appear in the dress of his country,
whatever may be the fashion. It ought to
have that bearing to carry out his purpose. I
am opposed to any exclusive resolution in
favor of military gentlemen who may happen
to be on this floor or elsewhere.
Mr. PRUYN. Does the gentleman yield
tome?
Mr. BANKS. I do.
Mr. PRUYN. I entered this Hall when the
gentleman from. Ohio, [Mr. Schexck,] late
minister I believe to Brazil, was speaking on
this subject. I myself very cordially-concurred
in those of his remarks which 1 heard, and
following out the suggestion of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Judd,] who admitted the
propriety of some costume or some insignia for
our foreign ministers, I drafted a brief amend-
ment to the resolution, which I sent to the
Chair for the purpose of presenting the views
of the gentleman in a practical manner.
Now, sir, I am authorized in saying, from
repeated visits to the other side of the Atlantic,
that as a general thing our ministers abroad
have behaved with very great good sense and
commendable propriety in this matter, and
that as a general thing they have attended the
Courts of the sovereigns of the country to which
they were accredited iu plain costume such as
gentlemen would wear here, that is with an
evening dress such as the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schexck] has spoken of. But I agree
with liim, and with the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Judd,] that there are occasions when in
this respect it is best for the interest of the
country that our representatives should not be
hampered by a rule of this kind.
What is this resolution? On its face it admits
the propriety of a uniform. It only says it shall
not be used or worn until Congress prescribes
one. That is, the two Houses of Congress are
to fix and settle the details of a dress to be worn
by gentlemen three or five thousand miles from
home. Now, I submit that that is not our prov-
ince or duty, and we had better send it, as the
gentleman from Illinois proposes, to the Exec-
utive or to the proper Department of the Gov-
ernment. If this resolution should say that
until Congress acts the Secretary of State or
the President may prescribe a uniform it would
be very much improved. But it proceeds on
the assumption that a uniform ought to be worn
and that it is proper to have one, and still it
does not prescribe one. It seems to me if we
are going to meddle with the matter at all we
had better see that some rule is adopted by
which a uniform can be agreed upon and set-
tled. It is with that view that I suggest that
this should be referred to the Department of
State, where it properly belongs; otherwise I
hope it will be laid on the table.
Mr. BANKS. I yield to the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. SCHENCK. It was my intention to
move to refer this to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and for that purpose I have reduced
the motion to writing in these words:
That the resolution be referred to the Committee
on JForeign Affairs with instructions to report a uni-
form to be worn by the representatives oi the Gov-
ernment of the United States at foreign Courts.
My object was, inasmuch as this resolution
proposes and does nothing, or worse than
nothing, to try and get something done._ But
the gentleman from New York has anticipated
substantially what I was going to propose by a
reference. It can be done by an amendment
directing the Secretary of State to recommend
something instead of having the Committee on
Foreign Affairs consider and report upon it.
As I may not be able to get a vote on referring
it to that committee, I shall therefore vote for
the motion of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Pjwyx.J
Mr. BANKS. I yield to the gentleman from
Delaware.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I would suggest .to the
gentleman from Massachusetts to make an ex-
ception in favor of our diplomatic representa-
tives to the Barbary States. This matter of
ornament and display may be to us but a very
trivial thing : but it is well known that with the
Oriental nations it is regarded as of very essen-
tial importance. In order that our representa-
tives should have a proper reception at the
Court of the Bey it is necessary for them to
wear a uniform of some description, and the
more gorgeous its character the greater the
impression it makes. And even in their ordi-
nary intercourse with the people it is neces-
sary ; and they are in the habit of wearing
some badge, such as a diplomatic cap, with a
gold band and an eagle in front, to indicate
the character in which they appear, in order
to enable them to command proper respect,
and even to secure them from violence.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, this is not my
resolution. I would not have proposed any
change in this matter to the House of my own
option. But it comes to us from the Senate.
It has passed that body, and it has to be con-
sidered here. Of course we are to give it such
consideration as the subject is entitled to, and
there are many things to be said in its favor.
I did not expect any objection would be made to
a regulation so manifestly proper. I supposed
it would be received here, as it has been re-
ceived elsewhere, with instantaneous and gen-
oral assent. The various propositions which
have been suggested by way of amendment I
accept as the best the opponents of the meas-
ure can offer.
With regard to what the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] styles the discrim-
ination in favor of the uniform of the Army
and Navy of the United States I think this
ought to be said : it may be a discrimination
not acceptable to gentlemen on the other side
of the Iiouse, but to a man entitled to wear it
the privilege is of great value. It is a badge
of honor. It shows he has served his country
and periled his life in defense of its liberties,
and that by order of his Government he is enti-
tled to appear in it wherever he may be. If it
is a discrimination in his favor, it is one which
he lias richly earned. If he is an officer of
the Army or Navy, I conceive nothing can be
more clear than that he should be entitled to
wear tlie dress prescribed for him by the Gov-
ernment whenever he is assigned to other duties
than those which lie in the exact line of his
profession. Thus much in regard to the dis-
crimination in favor of discharged volunteers
or of officers of the Army and Navy to which
the gentleman refers. It is in favor of the
men only who defended the liberties of their
country by their blood or at the peril of their
lives.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
has suggested that it is the duty of our diplo-
matic representatives to conform to some con-
siderable extent to the customs of the country
to which they may be accredited. That he
styles the rule of politeness. Unquestionably
when a man is in a country not his own, or
when a citizen visits a circle where he is not
of right privileged, he should conform to the
customs of the country or the habits of the
persons he visits. That is the rule of polite-
ness. But it is not the law of business men;
and diplomatic representatives go from this
country to represent this Government at for-
eign Courts upon matters of business. He
does not assume the character of the nation
he visits; he represents his own. That is his
business. No exception can be taken to it.
In receiving a minister from this country every
foreign Government recognizes and tolerates,
where it does not interfere with its safety or
its rights, the customs of the country repre-
sented. Any course of conduct on the part of
our representatives that imposes a departure
from our customs, and an adoption of those
