1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
848
pc
H:
sideration in the Committee of the Whole on.
the state of the Union.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Let me
make a statement. This is land which has
been purchased, but the party who owns .it is,
not able to give a deed. I have here the- in-
dorsements of the head of the Engineer Bu-
reau and of the Secretary of War. They both
ask for the passage of this bill. If the Clerk
will read the indorsement of General Hum-
phreys I think it will be a sufficient explana-
tion.
The SPEAKER. It is certainly an appro-
priation bill.
Mr._ HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It is to
be paid out of appropriations already made.
Ihe SPEAKER. It does not so read. It
says "pay for the same out of any moneys in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.''
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Then I
will move to strike that out.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done yet.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to suspend the rules, and in the mean time I
ask unanimous consent to have the letter of
General Humphreys read.
No objection being made the letter was read,
as follows:
Engineer Department,
"Washington, March 7,1867.
Sir: The United States district attorney for Mas-
sachusetts, to whom was referred the question of title
to the land which it is desired to purchase on Long
Island Head, Boston harbor, for fortification pur-
'Oses, represents through his assistant, Henry D.~
[yde, Esq., that it is impracticable to obtain a title
by purchase to that portion of the Headowned'by
James T. Austin, in consequence of the condition,
physical and mental, of the owner, who is very aged
and believed to be so unsound of mind as to be inca-
pable of making a valid conveyance. He therefore
recommends that application be made to Congress
for the passage of an act authorizing the Secretary
of War to take possession of the property under the
right of eminent domain, paying for the same the
sum which has been agreed upon between the Uni-
ted States and his son, Ivers J. Aivstin, who is his
agent; thus securing the valid titlewhichitis other-
wise impracticable to iobtain during the life time of
James T. Austin, the present actual owner of the
property.
Should you concur in this proposition, I would sug-
gest that the matter be brought to the attention of
the chairmen of the Military Committees of the Sen-
ate and House with a view to the enactment of the
necessary law. A draft of an act, which it is sup-
posed will effect the object, is herewith.
It should be observed that the action suggested in
this matter is an entirely amicable one between the
parties. Mr. Ivers J. Austin, as the representative
of his father, is willing to selito the United States
for what, under the circumstances, is believed to be a
fair price, and the Government is willing to pay that
Erice on securing a valid title. Such title cannot,
owever, be had in the usual way; and hence this
proposition, which is fully concurred in by Mr. Aus-
tin's representative, and which seems to me to be
without objection on the part of the Government.
Mr. Hyde will, it is understood, make such ex-
planations to Hon. Mr. Wilson, chairman of the
Military Committeeofthe Senate, as will put him in
possession of all the information nccessary to a full
understanding of the case.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
A. A. HUMPHREYS.
Brigadier General and Chief of Engineers, Major
General of Volunteers.
Hon. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War.
On the motion to suspend the rules, there
were—ayes 58, noes 1G 5 no quorum voting.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the House adjourns
now will this be the first business in the
morning?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions wcro presented under the
rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. CAKE: The petition of F. A. Herwig and
644 others, citizens of Ashland, Schuylkill county,
Pennsylvania, praying Congress for aprotective tariff,
and urging immediate attention to the question of
protection. . .
By Mr. MILLER: Apetihon from citizens ot Bote-
tourt county, Virginia, asking for the passage of a
law imposing the payment of the wardcot, <xc., upon
active secessionists. 4 , . _
By Mr. SCHENCK: A petition of dtnons of Port-
age county, Ohio, praying for the impeachment ot
the President of the United States.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 26, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move to dispense
with the further reading of the Journal.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It. can only
be done by unanimous consent.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe I shall ob-
ject. There is no quorum here. It had better
be read.
The Secretary resumed and concluded the
reading of the Journal.
personal explanation.
Mr. CONNESS. I rise to a matter of priv-
ilege. I notice in the Boston Journal printed
a few days since a statement from the corre-
spondent of that paper personal to myself, in
which it is stated that after the present Con-
gress I intend to retire from public life. If
the correspondent had stopped there I would
not of course have noticed what he has said ;
but he goes on to say that I propose entering
upon the interesting and profitable business
of engaging in making wine and. brandy from
grapes. How he got the information that I
was going so to violate the principles of my
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] and
those he so ably advocates I do not know. I
only rise to correct that part of it, because I
have recently and at all times since I have
been here taken a great interest in relieving
that class of industry from as I thought un-
necessary and improper burdens, aivd to say
that I never had, and never intend to have,
any interest in it. I need not say to the Sen-
ate that I never have had any interest in any
question that comes before a body that I am a
member of.
mint laws.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, communicating, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of the 23d instant,
information relative to a proposed change iu
the mint laws of the United States on the
subject of refining gold and silver and public
policies incident thereto.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that that commu-
nication be printed and referred to the Finance
Committee; and also that five hundred addi-
tional copies be printed for the use of the
Treasury Department.
The motion was agreed to.
union pacific railroad.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the following communication from
the Department of the Interior:
Department of tiie Interior,
Washington, D. C., March 25,1867.
Sir: In reply to a resolution adopted by the Senate
this day directing the Secretary of the Interior " to
repoit to the Senate the cause or causes for the sus-
pension of work by the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, when the said suspension took place, and what
legislation in necessary, if any, to secure the early
completion of the Pacific railroad from Omaha
westward,'' I have the honor to state that this De-
partment has not been advised of a suspension of
work by the Union Pacific Railroad Company, and
is not prepared to recommend legislation with a view
to secure the object mentioned in the resolution.
I am. sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
0. II. BROWXING, Secretary.
Hon. B. I?. AVade, President of the Senate of the bnited
States.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to refer that com-
munication to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad ; and I desire to say that my infor-
mation is, and I have no doubt of its cor-
rectness, that "there has not been any work
done upon that part of the Pacific railroad
since the winter began. It is a matter ot no
little consequence to this country, which has
appropriated so liberally for the construction
of that great improvement, that any company
engaged in its construction should cease oper-
ations at any season of the year. It_ cannot
be alleged nor pleaded that because it is the
season of winter therefore they cannot carry
on operations. The Central Pacific railroad
of California, who are now engaged in making
a part of this great thoroughfare, have had dur-
ing the entire winter not less than twelve thou-
sand men engaged at a point seven thousand
feet above the sea, near the summit of the
Sierra Nevada mountains, where the snows
fall to great dejrth ; and they have not ceased
their labor during the winter season. They
fygvcindeed conducted their operations at great
increased cost to themselves; but as they have
been furnished by the Government with nearly
enough to enable them to build the road they
feel that they would be lacking in their duty
to the public and to the Government if they
should show a want of energy in carrying on
the Work with which they are charged.
I have recently had a communication from
an agent of this'Oovernment, a very responsi-
ble and intelligent gentleman, who came to
Omaha on the three hundred miles of road
constructed, and at the end of the road, I can-
not name the station, but the western termi-
nus, he had to remain six days before he could
travel eastward to Omaha upon the three hun-
dred miles constructed of that road because of
the want of a common order of energy in re-
moving the snow from the track, they having
no sufficient apparatus for performing that
comparatively easy task. For six days he was
detained there; and he tells me that there has
not been a particle of work done upon the road
through this entire winter; that they intend to
resume operations when the sun grows warm
in the late spring.
Now, we are told by the Interior Depart-
ment, which is charged with the superintend-
ence and direction of this work, that there is
no knowledge in that Department of these
facts, if they be facts. I call the attention of
the honorable chairman of the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad of this body to this state
of facts: first, as alleged, that there is a total
cessation of labor and lias been for a length of
time——
Mr. HOWARD. How long?
Mr. CONNESS. Since the winter began,
and that there is not at this time, as the Sec-
retary of the Interior reports, any knowledge
in the Department as to whether they have
ceased or not; and I beg his attention and the
attention of his committee to this important
subject.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose there is nothing
before the Senate particularly for discussion.
Mr. CONNESS. There is a motion to refer
the communication to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad.
Mr. POftERO Y. On that question I simply
desire to say that I do not wish to draw any
comparison between one company and another.
The company on the Pacific have undoubtedly
done exceedingly well. I never heard anything
against them. As to this company, all I know
about them is what I have heard and seen in
the papers. I understand that they have built
more miles of road during the year last past
than were ever built by any company any-
where in any country within the same time.
They did that without having any eastern con-
nections by which they could get their iron on
to the track. They had to take it up the cir-
cuitous windings of the Missouri river in a bad
state of water. Working on the surface where
a road is going a valley is a very different state
of facts -from what it would be if they were in
the mountains making deep cuts. That work
can be prosecuted in the winter; but where it
is mere surface work, grading through the val-
ley of the Platte, where the entire surface is
frozen, with no deep cuts to excavate, it is
almost impossible to pursue it through the
winter.
I only make these remarks for the sake of
saying that unless there is some state of facts
that I do not know of any attack upon this
company would seem to me to be entirely
gratuitous.
Mr. CONNESS. I have made a "simple
statement of facts.  The Senator from Kansas
calls it an attack. I do not know why he uses
that language. I believe the facts I have stated
