846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
COLORADO TERRITORIAL T/EGISLATUV.E. .
Mr. NYE. I desire to call up Senate bill
No. 114, amendatory of the act establishing the
Territory of Colorado.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It becomes
the duty of the Chair a?this time to call up the
unfinished business of yesterday, which is the
resolution in regard to adjournment.
Mr. NYE. I move to lay that aside in-
formally for the purpose of taking up the bill
to which I have referred. It is important that
the bill should pass.
Mr. POMEROY. The unfinished business
cannot be laid aside informally by a motion.
It can be laid aside by unanimous consent.
If laid aside by a motion, it is laid aside for
the day.
Mr. NYB. Well, let it be laid aside by
unanimous consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent. Is there any objection ?
The Chair hears none; and the question is
on the motion of the Senator from Nevada.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 114) amendatory of the organic act of
Colorado Territory was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. POMEROY. It seems to mo that it
will produce difficulty if we give the members
of the Legislature in this Territory more per
day than wc give in other Territories. I think
that in the Territories which we have organ-
ized we have uniformly allowed the members
of the Legislature the same amount of com-
pensation. Now, wo propose to give the mem-
bers of the Legislature of Colorado Territory
six dollars a day. We shall have to do it in
all the other organized Territories if wo do it
in this case. There are other mountain Ter-
ritories beside Colorado, where the expenses
are very great, and in these Territories 1 pre-
sume six dollars a day is not too much ; but
1 suggest that the bill as it stands is a discrim-
ination against the other organized Territories.
If thoy need more, the territorial Legislature
can give them any additional amount they can
raise.
Mr. NYE. The Senator from Kansas is
laboring under quite a mistake. Before the
last Congress the uniform rate of pay to mem-
bers of territorial Legislatures was three dol-
lars a day, and their sessions were annual.
A year ago or more a law was passed in regard
to the Territory of Washington, and at the last
session a similar one in regard to the Territory
of Montana, making the sessions biennial, and
giving; the members, six dollars a day, so that
this bill conforms precisely to, and is in fact a
copy of, the bills in regard to Montana and
Washington Territories. One trouble is that
my friend has not quite kept pace with the
march of the Territories. Any person who
has lived in these mountain Territories knows
very well that three dollars a day is a mere
nothing. The expenses of the government in
fact are precisely the same as they were before ;
the bill makes no difference in that regard. It
is only to make this Territory harmonious and
uniform with the others. I trust the Senator
from Kansas will be satisfied with this expla-
nation and let this bill pass, so that Colorado
shall be put on the same footing with the other
Territories.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not know that we
had commenced on the line of giving six dol-
lars a day.
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir; and we have made their
sessions biennial.
Mr. POMEROY. If we have already entered
mi this line of increasing the pay in two or
three Territories heretofore organized I will
say no more about it. I ought to have made
the objection when the first lerritory was being
arranged under this rul#
The bill was reported to the Senate.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I believe there is a lim-
itation in the existing law in regard to this
Territory upon the duration of the sessions of
the legislative body. Their sessions are con-
fined to a period of forty days, if they are to
meet biennially instead of annually it strikes
me that limitation ought to be removed, and
the Senate ought to adopt an amendment pro-
viding that the session should not last, say
more than sixty days, or some period somewhat
longer than the present limitation.
Mr. NYE. If the Senator from Pennsylvania
had resided in any of these Territories he would
have ascertained before this that a forty days'
session, if the Legislature did not meet oftener
than once in four years, would be enough. If
anything is wrong about it, it is that the time
is too long. The length of the session of the
territorial Legislature remains unaltered in the
bills to which I have referred in regard to the
other Territories. I think forty days is a suffi-
cient time to do all the legislation necessary.
I hope, therefore, that suggestion will not be
heeded.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third lime, and
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE SCRIP.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to take up House
joint resolution No. 21. It is a joint reso-
lution which has already been passed by the
other House and which it is important that we
should pass before we adjourn. The agricul-
tural college bill that we passed provided for
the issuo of a certain quantity of land scrip to
the various States. The States in rebellion
have not until recently applied for any scrip
with the exception of the State of Tennessee,
which has already been provided for by Con-
gress. The other States which were lately in
rebellion have now applied, and one 'or two
States without having been reorganized accord-
ing to the provisions of our law are pressing
upon the Commissioner of the General Land
Office the issuing of this scrip to them. We
think they are not yet in a sufficiently organ-
ized state to receive agricultural college scrip,
and this joint resolution is simply to restrain
the issue of scrip to those States until they shall
be represented in Congress and organized
under the system of organization provided by
Congress. That is all there is in the joint res-
olution. It is very important that the officers
should be restrained from issuing agricultural
college scrip to these States before they are
organized under the act of Congress. 1 hope
the resolution will bo adopted.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 21)
relative to the issue of agricultural college scrip
to States lately in rebellion.
It is recited in the preamble that on the 3d
day of April, 186(>, by the authority and direc-
tion of the President of the United States,
agricultural college scrip, covering nearly two
hundred and seventy thousand acres, was issued
and delivered to the State of North Carolina
under the act of Congress of July 5,1802, pro-
viding for agricultural colleges; and that by
the same authority the General Laud Office is
now preparing to issue scrip in like manner to
the States of Virginia, Georgia, and Missis-
sippi ; and that this action of the President
takes for granted that those States are restored
to their proper constitutional relation to the
Union, and are to be recognized in all respects
as entitled to the rights of the other States of
the Union, which questions Congress alone can
rightfully determine. It therefore proposes to
prohibit the further issue or delivery of such
scrip to any of the States lately in rebellion
against the United States, except the State of
Tennessee, or the acceptance of such scrip or
of any heretofore issued by the registers or
receivers of any of the land offices of the States
named, until they shall be fully restored to
their rights as States by Congress.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to take this occa-
sion to make a statement in regard to the issue
of agricultural college scrip to the various
States. I think that measure on the part of
Congress was extremely unwise. I was charged
by the State of Indiana, in connection with a
board of trustees created for that purpose, with
the sale of the scrip delivered to that State for
the purpose of erecting an agricultural college.
The law provided that in a State where there
was no public land subject to entry at $1 25
per acre, scrip should be issued in lieu of land.
Then the law further provided that the States
themselves could not locate this scrip, but that
they must sell it. Ohio, for example, got scrip
calling for nearly six hundred thousand acres
of land, and Indiana got scrip calling for three
hundred and ninety thousand acres of land,
and so all the other States according to the
number of their representatives in Congress.
What has been the practical effect of it? The
States could not locate it themselves, but they
were required to sell it. The scrip was thrown
upon the market; each State becamc a com-
petitor with the other States, and all of them
were competing with the General Government.
The result was that the scrip fell in the market
from eighty-seven to fifty cents an acre, and
when I offered the Indiana scrip for sale no
more than fifty cents an acre could be obtained
for it. Acting for the State of Indiana, I re-
fused to sell it and very much preferred to return
the scrip to the United States. The whole
scheme of creating agricultural colleges by the
issue of this scrip is a failure. The States have
sold their scrip at from fifty to sixty cents an
acre, not realizing enough from it in any case
to carry out the grand purpose contemplated
by Congress. The Government can sell no
laiid at ยง1 25 an acre, because speculators buy
up the scrip, and of course can sell it to those
who wish to buy land at less than the Govern-
ment price of the land. The States are realiz-
ing but a small fund from it, insufficient to
b ild these colleges, and the purpose for which
the grant was made is a failure.
I trust no more scrip will ever be issued ; and
I believe in regard to those States who have
not already sold their scrip that some arrange-
ment ought to be made between them and the
General Government in regard to it. It would
have been far wiser to donate to the States so
much money for that purpose and let the Gov-
ernment keep the land and sell it at $1 25 per
acre, rather than to have thirty States in the
market competing with each other,' and all with
the General Government, and selling their scrip
for what they can get for it. If yon will look
to the reports of'your land sales you will find
that not one acre out of a thousand is bought
from the Government direct at $1 25 per acre
and paid for into the Treasury, when men can
enter it with this land scrip, which they can buy
at fifty or sixty or seventy cents an acre. The
States 'have to sell it in large quantities to
speculators. They cannot retail it. Then the
men who buy it enter it in large quantities or
sell it for what they can get. The whole scheme
therefore lias failed; and I think so far from
any more of this scrip being issued the law
ought to be repealed as to all the States to
which the scrip has not yet been issued, and
some provision should be made as a substitute
for it.
Mr. HOWARD. Allow me to inquire of
the honorable Senator from Kansas whether
this resolution relates to all the States or only
to the rebel States?
Mr. POMEROY. This resolution is only
to restrain the issuing of scrip to the States
lately in rebellion until they shall have been
restored to their relations to the Union and
recognized by Congress. Then they are to
have the scrip the same as the other States
have had it already.
Mr. HOWARD. I should be well satisfied
with that. I think the necessity for such a
measure is very strong.
Mr. RAMSEY. I*offer this amendment, to
come in as a proviso at the end of the joint
resolution :
Provided, That not more than five sections of agri-
cultural collego scrip heretofore or hereafter issued
shall be located in one township.
