$5®
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
dent to the times, I think the business men
of the nation should be permitted to use those
agencies and those customary practices which
have been familiar to them, and by the use of
which they have been able to sustain the gen-
eral public credit, and have carried through
heretofore men who to-day are in good stand-
ing, and who pay their debts and from whom
every creditor receives everything that isdue
to him. The question is simply whether you
will make more bankrupts who are to be bene-
fited by the provisions of the law, or whether
you will make less. I disclaim any hostility to
it as a bankrupt law. I acknowledge I had
that purpose in the beginning; but the more I
look at its provisions the more I am inclined
to favor it. For that reason I desire that the
business men of the country shall not have an
excuse to unite with those who are disaffected
toward it for its repeal; and I have assured,
myself, whether I am able to assure the Senate
or not, that to fix a future day for its operation
will contribute far more to its permanency than
to make it go into effect now, receiving, as it
will receive, all the hostility, incident to an
attempt to uproot the commercial fabric.
Mr. DRAKE. I feel constrained earnestly
to insist upon the disposition of this bill which
I have proposed, and the more the matter is
discussed here the more I am satisfied that
there are effects and results to flow from the
adoption Of this bill at this time which the
Senate is not in any condition to foresee or to
comprehend. Here is a proposition to put off
until the 1st of January next the taking effect
of the bankrupt act. 1 say without any hesita-
tion at all that is to destroy the act entirely.
If the taking effect of it is put off until the 1st
day of January next then I venture the pre-
diction that it never will take effect at all.
Bat, sir, I venture to say further that no
Senator in this body can see fully the effect of
the second proviso of this bill, "that nothing
in this act contained shall be considered or
hold to invalidate any lien or conveyance ac-
quired or made prior to the taking effect of
this act," that is prior to the 1st day of Janu-
ary, 1868. From this time till the 1st day of
January, 1868, men are to have an opportunity
to fix up and arrange their affairs, as the hon-
orable Senator from Oregon said, so that there
shall be no assets for their creditors.
I do not wish to go into a discussion now
of the merits of this bill in all its bearings upon
the original act; but 1 do earnestly insist upon
obtaining the attention of the Senate sufficiently
to induce them to send the bill to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary in order to sec what its
bearings are, and to let the Senate know what
is to be the result of voting for the passage of
this bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should prefer the ref-
erence of this bill, if there was time, for the
committee to consider it, but of course a ref-
erence now will kill the bill.
Mr. DRAKE. Not necessarily.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is nothing in this
proviso but a negative. It does not make any-
thing valid. It simply prevents transactions
from being invalidated by this law. There is
no positive effect in this proviso, and certainly
the Senator from Missouri cannot misappre-
hend the meaning of it. It is perfectly plain.
_ Mr. DRAKE. It is a most pregnant nega-
tive.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is to allow a man to
do up to the 1st of June what he would have
been allowed to do if this act had not passed.
Mr. DRAKE. Up to the 1st of January.
Mr. ANTHONY. The 1st of June the bill
reads.
Mr. DRAKE. I understand that the bill
has been changed so as to read "the 1st of
January, 1868."
Mr. ANTHONY. No, sir ; that amendment
is pending, but has not been adopted, and I
trust my colleague will withdraw the amend-
ment. If it will secure the assent of the Sena-
tor from Missouri to the bill, I am sure he will.
This will only make the bankrupt precisely
what we thought it was when we passed it.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to offer an
amendment to the amendment.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The pend-
ing motion is to refer the bill to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that course
will be taken. '
Mr. CORBETT. Is it not in order to offer
an amendment previous to the commitment
of the bill ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A motion
to commit takes precedence of a motion to
amend.
Mr. CORBETT. I hope that motion will be
withdrawn to enable me to offer an amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. The amendment can be of-
fered afterward, to go with the bill to the Com-
mittee.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ment will be in order if the Senate should
refuse to commit the bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to hear
what the amendment is.
Mr. CORBETT. I have not examined the
bankrupt law thoroughly, but I am told that
it contains no limitation as to the number of
times a party may take the benefit of the law.
I think, for the benefit of creditors and to pre-
vent wild speculation, there ought to be a pro-
vision in the law to prevent men taking the
benefit of it perhaps more than twice. There-
fore I wish to submit an amendment that
parties seeking to take the benefit of this bank-
rupt law shall not have the privilege of taking
the benefit of it more than twice.
Mr. ANTHONY. If my friend will allow
me to interrupt him, I think that is provided
for in the original law. I so understand it.
Mr. CORBETT. I made the inquiry. I
have not examined it thoroughly.
Mr. ANTHONY. I so understand it; but
this is not intended to amend the law in any
rcspoet, but only to fix the time at which it
shall go into effect.
Mr. CORBETT. I have no objection to
that. I only desired to offer an amendment
covering that point if it was not provided for.
If it is already provided for I am satisfied.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think it is so. Mr.
President, I quote not by authority, but liter-
ally from the chairman of the Committee on
the Judiciary when I say that the Judiciary
Committee is the tomb of the Senate. If this
bill goes there that is the end of it. Other-
wise, I should be glad to have it go there, for
I am sure that if this bill could be examined
by every Senator it would meet with the unan-
imous vote of the Senate. I hope we shall
now have a vote on the bill without referring it.
- The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on committing this bill to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. RAMSEY. Now, would it be in order
to move to proceed to the consideration of
executive business?
Mr. ANTHONY. It would be in order, but
it would be very injudicious. [Laughter.]
Mr. RAMSEY. I make that motion. It is
very important to clear off the executive Cal-
endar, so that the rejections may be filled by
other nominations.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senate will
give us a vote on the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. _ I hope if this bill is
to be acted upon that it will be referred. It
ought to be unquestionably, in order that the
committee may look into it and see what the
effect of it will be. I do not understand it. I
was not sufficiently acquainted with the bank-
rupt bill in the first place, and the idea of
extending the time for its going into effect by
this bill and with these provisos, without
knowing anything about the effect of them, or
referring them to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, I will say is a simple piece of rashness
that I hope will not be undertaken by the
Senate. The committee can report it back to-
morrow morning.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then if the Senator will
allow me to make an amendment to his mo-
tion 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Min-
nesota, to proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
Mr. ANTHONY. He withdraws that.
Mr.* RAMSEY. No, sir.
Mr. ANTHONY. Well, he is going to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I was not aware that I was.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am very anxious that
he should, and I know that he will; and there-
fore I shall go on the same as though he did.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ Does the
Senator from Minnesota withdraw his motion ?
Mr. RAMSEY. I suppose I shall have to
do so after that appeal.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the bill can be referred
to the committee with instructions to report
to-morrow morning I shall not object.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They will report as
soon as they can.
Mr. ANTHONY. They will riot report it
at all.
Mr. DRAKE. I object to the instructions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to refer this bill to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ANTHONY. With instructions to re-
port to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. -Does the
Senator move that amendment? •
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the chairman is will-
ing to take the instructions, I have no objec-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is impossible for the
Committee on the Judiciary to consider all
these questions and report upon them. We
were in session three hours this morning. It
will bo utterly impossible for us to investigate
and report upon this measure by to-morrow.
If we had no other questions pressing upon us
we might do so. We have a meeting to-mor-
row on another matter that we are now inves-
tigating. I will say t-o my friend from Rhode
Island that so far as I am concerned, as one
member of the committee,' I would be prepared
to act upon it as soon as we can with reasona-
ble dispatch.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think we can determine
upon the propriety of the amendment by to-
morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should object to the
instructions. - However, we will try to carry
out any instructions that the Senate gives us;
butthere are other matters before that commit-
tee which require its attention.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well; I will take
the assurance of the Senator that he will give it
immediate consideration.
The PRESIDENTprq tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to refer.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Before that motion is put
I desire to say, for the information of the
Senate, that, as I understand it, this bill in its
p^psent form was drawn by the honorable Sen-
ator who lately occupied a seat in this body,
who had the care of the bankrupt bill during
■its passage through the Senate. It has been
carefully drawn by him to meet the difficulties
that he has foreseen. Since the act has gone
into effect he concurs in the importance of the
measure now before the Senate. He thought
when this bill was upon its passage that it con-
tained the provision which is now ingrafted in
this bill, that it did take effect at a day in the
future. It seems to me, therefore, that it is
entirely unnecessary to refer it to the Judiciary
Committee, when he, the best friend of the
bankrupt law, its strongest advocate, and its
leader m this body, has drawn the measure
which removes the difficulties which are in the
way of its operation. I trust, therefore, thn'
the Senate will act upon it at once. I shouk
prefer that they would act upon it and agree to
the amendment that I have offered; but if
they are not inclined to take that view, I hope
they will pass it as he, the friend of the meas-
ure, has prepared it; and I think those who
were originally opposed to it will also agree to
it. I trust that it will not be sent to the com-
mittee.
Mr. FESSENDEN called for the yeas and
