1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35$
country ? Sir, the Senator thought differently
then, or I trust he would ha,ve voted differently.
This Senate thought differently then and acted
differently, and in accordance With the settled
judgment and wishes of the majority of the
people of this country. Where else have these
great interests got to look now for repose? Do
they look to the executive branch of this Gov-
ernment? For what reason? Hastherebeen
that course of action in that arm and force
of the Government that is calculated to give
repose to the country? On the contrary, I
assert that the measures and the conduct of
the Executive have rocked the interests of this
country to their very base until the whole
superstructure has toppled upon the base.
The country with one accord shouted for
joy when this great measure was passed con-
vening Congress on the 4th day of March.
What for ? That this Congress could stand
here upon the tower as watchmen to give the
alarm when danger approaches. And now we
are told that the twenty-four days we have sat
here have caused great discontent and uneasi-
ness in the great interests of this country. I
have looked for some evidence of that fact. I
find none. 1 received this morning from a
distant constituency the expression of the hope
that Congress would continue in session. I
know that the great mass of the people require
that Congress should be in that position that
in any emergency demanding it they can con-
vene. It seems to me to have been trifling
with the public confidence to have called this
session for twenty-four days and then say that
there exists no further necessity for its sitting,
but on the contrary the great public interests
demand that it should dissolve itself to-day.
The contradiction in the reason that actuated
the passage of this law and the action of Sen-
ators upon it now, is to me entirely inexpli-
cable.
I do not know that the plan proposed by
the House of Representatives and submitted
to the Committee on the Judiciary, at whose
hands it has received no consideration, is the
best plan ; but this body ought to look to that
committee, if that was not the best, to give us
some improvement on it, for I submit it as a
principle that no body of men, even though
they be a committee, have a right to condemn
one theory unless they can substitute in its
place a better.
What has Congress done to create this mi-
easiness? The distinguished Senator from
Oregon [Mr. Williams] will say that by this
continuous session he has saved four or five
hundred thousand acres of land to the country.
Other great measures of saving and improve-
ment have been adopted; and if Congress was
not in session when would the bankrupt law,
this great measure of relief, go into effect? It
will be found that Congress, without disturb-
ing any of the great interests of the country,
can find business enough, so long as it sits, in
providing measures of security for this country.
But, sir. that was not the object of this ses-
sion of Congress. People may disguise it as
they please ; Senators may say now about it
what tliey choose; but the real object that
called this Congress together was to see to it
that no measures were taken by the Executive
of this nation to destroy its stability. I have
seen nothing from that source that is calcu-
lated to increase my confidence in him at all.
Two days ago he flirted in the face of this
Senate one of the strangest messages that was
ever written, one that was born in malice, and
hurled back defiantly at the power that is now
guiding this Government. If Senators see in
that evidence of safety in intrusting the great
interests of the country to his care at this pe-
culiar moment, -I confess they see what to me
is not to be seen. Is he friendly to the great
measure of reconstruction wo have enacted?
Let his own paper that lies upon- your desk
answer. He charges that the measures that
Congress has put forth are unconstitutional
from the beginning to the end, and he asserts
now that those measures are at variance with
the Constitution of the United States. Sir, I
40th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 23.
do not ,know what others may expect; but
standing in his position, there is not a Sena-
tor on this floor but what could so conduct
himself and shield himself under the protec-
tion of the Constitution as to make the recon-
struction measure utterly inoperative. We are
told that he has appointed good commanders
for the several positions. Sir. a breath from
him makes a commander, and another breath
unmakeshim. YourSchofieldsandyourPopes
and other generals may be supplanted to-mor-
row by men whose feelings are in accordance
with his own, and your law will receive under
their guidance such protection and such, fur-
therance as vultures give to doves.
But, sir, there seems to be a sort of home-
sickness seizing upon the Senate. I am told
that in armies occasionally it really amounts
to a disease, so that it is not a crime to desert,
and prudent commanders on such occasions
always examine and diagnose carefully to see
whether the soldier means to desert or whether
he is afflicted with a disease that he cannot
help. If that is the case here, the Senators
who are so much in favor of an adjournment
will probably go home if they have that disease,
and I do not expect what I say will change the
result. My friend from Illinois seems to be
afflicted with it bad ; and so far from consider-
ing measures that are sent here, his only cry
is "adjourn immediately." That is the report
of the Judiciary Committee—adjourn. I have
high respect for their opinion; but, sir, I
desire that when the evil hour shall come, as
in my judgment it will between this and Decem-
ber, the people shall not look at me and say
''You did it."
If the proposition of the House proposes to
convene Congress too often, I submit to the
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary
whether he had not better propose to have but
two meetings during the summer. What ob-
jection can there be to that? None, but the
objection raised that it will give repose to the
country if Congress is not to come together.
I have said upon that subject all 1 desire to
say. If the people of this nation look to any
other haven of rest and repose but in the Con-
gress of the United States now, they are sure
to ride out in an uncertain roadway and a ter-
rible storm. Sir, in this haven and harbor of
the Congress of the United States, in this
power that has taken the government of the
rebellious States and of this country into its
own hands, in this power that uses the Execu-
tive now but simply as a clerk to make a mark
upon bills to show that they have been there
in the ordinary routine of business, the coun-
try looks for that repose which the Senator
from West Virginia so much desires that the
people should enjoy,
I hope, sir, if the Senate entertain objections
to the measure proposed by the House, that
they will at least provide some way by which
Congress can control itself, and in cave of any
emergency will be able to come together bv
virtue of the rule or the law that they them-
selves fix, and have it depending upon their
will whether they shall assemble or not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not care a great
deal how this question is decided; but there
are some things in the remarks of the honor-
able Senator from Nevada that I cannot help
noticing. It is very difficult to reply to him at
anytime. He indulges so much in tropes and
figures, his imagination is so fervid, and he has
such beautiful illustrations at his tongue s end,
that it is very difficult in replying to keep to
the facts and overlook his figures of speech;
but after all, this is to be decided by the matter
of fact instead of figures of speech.
My friend has made a very severe imputation
or insinuation with regard to the members ot -
this Senate who are for adjournment, and that
is, that they must be afflicted with homesick-
ness. In other words, it is suggested that the
large majority of this Scn&to who vote to &d-
journ to December, instead of being influenced
by public considerations and their views of duty,
are merely following out their own personal
convenience and comfort; they are in a hurry
to get home, and therefore they are ready to
sacrifice what the best interests o_f the country
demand. I can put no other construction upon
his language. My friend will permit me to
say to him in all kindness that I have not been
absent, except detained by sickness in my
lodgings, for many years from daily attendance
upon my duties here. I have neither been to
New York nor to Philadelphia nor anywhere
else. I have stayed in Washington, ready, to
the best of my ability to discharge my duties.
Homesickness has not affected me; but I will
say to my friend that if I had spent all' my
time at home pretty much during the last
session and got here only a few days before it
adjourned, it would have been hard then if I
had been homesick. [Laughter.] I ghould
have had no excuse for being homesick under
such circumstanecs. Those Senators who had
been at work here all the time might have had
an excuse, but under such circumstances I
should have had none.
Well, sir, I do not claim any such exemp-
tion. I claim to be influenced by no consider-
ations in the vote that I give on this subject,
except simply my views of what is advisable.
It may be that in my view the opinions of the
people that I represent differ somewhat from
the opinions of the people of Nevada on the
subject, who are so near and so thoroughly
acquainted with public affairs, and so every
day in communication with them, that they
can tell better than anybody else what is going
on here, and what it is advisable for us to do!
I have seen no testimony that the people of
the country expect at our hands what the hon-
orable Senator seems to suppose. He says
that ho knows that the people of this country
demand that we should continue in session.
How does he know it? Where does he get
his information? lie gives as an illustration
one letter from his own constituents. I have
heard of nothing else. Where are the news-
papers that have called upon us to continue in
session ? To be sure 1 do not know as much
about them as others, but I have seen no such
overwhelming testimony of public opinion
coming from that source; and I certainly have
seen no such overwhelming testimony on the
subject coming from any other source. I
regret that I am not better informed on the
subject; but when Senators rise here and tell
us that they know what public opinion is, I
should like to be informed how they know it.
Is it anything more than their impression and
their belief? And if so, may not others have
an impression and a belief of a different kind
from other sources of information? I do not
yield, therefore, to that argument on the sub-
ject. It is not conclusive to my mind.
I have heard but one argument and that is,
the inquiry, " What was this particular session
for at this time? Was it not designed that we
I should meet in March and keep ourselves
almost in continuous session, or, at any rate,
in a condition to meet often?" Why, sir, I
did not understand that to be the reason. The
reason of this session being called on |he
4th of March I always understood to be in
order to organize this Fortieth Congress, espe-
cially the House of Representatives. We have
now a President who was elected Vice Presi-
dent. If he should die, the next officer is the
President of the Senate. Wo had then but
two lives in being, to use a legal term. Itwas
thought important that the Congress should be
organized so that we might have a Speaker of
the House, who might be next in succession ;
and the last being the short session, it was
supposed also that there might be some neces-
sary legislation to be accomplished. Senators
are perfectly aware that it was supposed that
we should hav® too short a time m older to
pass those bills which we thought necessary in
order to tie the hands of the President; that
we could not get them through; that some of
them might slip and that it might be impor-
tant for us to have another session in order to
pass that necessary legislation. I never heard
any other reasons given than those. If there
were others they were not submitted to me.
