1867.
THE; CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
355
referred to them was the resolution which came
from the House of Representatives, and that
was a proposition to adjourn on Thursday to
stated periods, so that Congress might continue
in position to assemble at any time when the
Presiding Officers of the two Houses might call
them together. I would not refer to the action
of the committee but that I consider the prop-
osition of the other House decidedly prefera-
ble, in every respect, to the proposition re-
ported by the committee.
In the first place no possible harm can result
to the country or to Congress from the meas-
ure proposed by the House. It does not bring
us here unless it is necessary and important
that we should come. We can be at home
and stand adjourned just as much as we should
be if we passed the proposition of the chairman
of the committee, unless some emergency
should arise calling upon Congress to be here.
On the other hand, if an emergency arises
which shall justify legislative interposition or
legislative action, we can all trust, I am sure,
to the Presiding Officers of the two bodies to
call us together.
Mr. President, wo are in the midst of extraor-
dinary times. The country is apparently at
peace, buif'tlib great object for which we have
had a gigantic war is not yet accomplished.
We have done much, I may say, indeed, we
have done almost everything ; the flag of the
enemy trails in the dust at the feet of our vic-
torious hosts, and we have established a
policy of reconstruction which I believe will
stand, which I believe if it can be successfully
carried out without interposition from any
source, will meet the approbation of the coun-
try and result in the reestablislinient of this
Union upon a basis of prosperity such as it
was before the war began. But our mission
has not yet been accomplished; this country
is not yet restored ; the Union is not yet un-
broken ; all the stars are not yet upon our flag;
reconstruction is not yet complete, nor will it
bo complete until the rebel States themselves
have taken action, until they have responded
by their votes and by their conduct to the
action of Congress Then the question arises,
how are the measures of Congress to be carried
out, and by whom except by Congress itself?
Have we the approbation or the favor of the
Supreme Court? Is the President ready to
aid in the accomplishment of these measures?
The Senator from Maine asked the question
what good will it do for us to remain in session,
can we compel the President to do differently
from what he would do were we adjourned?
I say yes. If the President refuses to execute
the laws that have been adopted by Congress,
if he fails to carry out the measures which have
been enacted, this Congress will stand ready
to impeach the President for refusing to carry
them out. But if we adjourn over, without
keeping ourselves in position, the President
may pursue just what course he pleases; he
may execute these laws or not execute them;
he may retain in power the present generals
of the Army whom he has appointed to exe-
cute these laws, or he may at his pleasure have
others in their places, and what position will
Congress occupy? The ridiculous, disgraceful,
cowardly position of having abandoned their
posts and left the execution of these laws to
the President himself. Sir, this is like plant-
ing the corn, and hoeing it, and plowing it,
and cultivating it to the full ear and then leav-
ing that ear to rot and to decay upon the
ground. Shall we stop before we have carried
out this work of reconstruction? Has this war
been in vain ? Have all these millions of money
been expended in vain? Have, our plans of
reconstruction for a year or more occupied the
attention of Congress for naught? And shall
we now forsooth, men who should be sentinels
upon the watch-tower of liberty to protect the
rights of the people, leave the execution of
these measures, the carrying out of this policj',
in the hands of a man who has opposed us from
the start, who has connived with our enemies,
who has proved false to his promises and to
his pledges?
Mr. FESSENDEN. "Will my friend allow
me to ask him a question ? Does not the Con-
stitution settle who shall execute the laws?
What can Congress do to execute them? We
are to legislate.
Mr. YATES. The Constitution unfortu-
nately does fix upon the President, upon the
Commander-in-ChiefoftheNavy and the Army,
the duty of executing these laws. The argu-
ment which I made was that if he shall fail to
do it, if he shall fail to execute the laws, then
we ought to be in a position where we can be
called together by the Presiding Officers of the
two bodies to bring in articles of impeachment,
and to punish the President for the commission
of high crimes and misdemeanors. But the
honorable Senator from Maine says. "No, we
will go to cur homes; we will deprive ourselves
of this power ; we will cut ourselves off from
this right; and if the President does not choose
to execute these laws, we cannot reassemble
until the'regular time." Which is the wisest
policy, that proposed by the House of Repre-
sentatives or by the committee of the Senate ?
Mr. President, a good deal has been said
about public opinion on this subject. I am
not one of those who bend to public opinion
unless I think that public opinion is right; but
in this country the popular will is the breath,
the life, the soul of the Government; and
prestige is a great deal in the settlement of
every question. When we have the people on
our side, Congress may move forward ; but if
the people are not on our side, Congress can-
not move forward.
Suppose we adjourn over now, and the Presi-
dent, as he believes these laws are unconsti-
tutional, as he is not at heart for tliem, fails
to execute them, or so feebly executes them
that he does not carry out the plans and designs
of Congress, he has until late in the fall, some
eight or nine months to wait for a change in
public sentiment, to await the returns of elec-
tions,"and to take advantage of anything that
may occur in the mean time. 1 believe that
the people of this country expect of Congress
to maintain its position, to carry out its policy,
and for that reason I am opposed to the report
of the committee ; and I can vote very cheer-
fully, for I think there is no constitutional diffi-
culty in the way, for the resolution which has
been submitted by the House of Representa-
tives.
Mr. IIOWE. Mr. President, is it in order
to move to amend the amendment reported by
the committee?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. HOWE. If so, I move to amend the
amendment by striking out all the words which
the committee propose to insert, and to insert
after the word "that:"
The President of the Senate and tlio Speaker of the
House of Representatives, on Fuday, t he IHthday of
March, ut twelve o'clock meiidi.m, jsd.iouin their re-
spective Houses until the first Monday of June: and
that oil that day, unless it be then otherwise ordered
by the two Houses, they further adjouin their re-
■ speetive Houses until the first Moud-ry o: December,
1857.
I should like to see this amendment agreed
to. and I cannot conceive for my life what valid
objection can be urged against it. ft proposes
to adjourn the two Houses just one day later
than that named by the amendment of the
committee. I think that additional day we
need here for executive business if for no other.
It proposes to reserve the right to the Repre-
sentatives to reconvene here on the first Mon-
day of June next if they choose to do so. That
is all. No man is compelled to come. It re-
serves the right to the Representatives to reas-
semblc here if they choose to reassemble heie
at that time, or if there is a public exigenaj
which calls upon them to reassemble.
What possible objection can any Senator or
any Representative have to retaining such a
privilege as this, or such a right as tms, or
such a power as this, call it whichever you may.
Who knows, who Can now foresee but what
this disease, which the Senator from Nevada
has characterized, I hope inaccurately, as
homesickness, may take a new form by June
next? Who. knows but that by that time we
may get sick of home and want to come back
to these Halls again ? What objection to hav-
ing a legal right to do so ? Every Senator'and
every Representative comes as a vohuit^r.
The resolution is imperative, if this amend-
ment be adopted, upon the Presiding Officers
of the two Houses to adjourn the two Houses
on that day again until December, unless the
two Houses otherwise order aud direct them,
and they cannot otherwise direct them unless
a quorum shall lie assembled here voluntarily.
Is a quorum likely to assemble voluntarily
unless it should happen that some exigency
should arise, some contingency should present
itself which seemed to impress upon the mind
of the individual Senators and Representa-
tives the duty of returning here?
I cannot conceive of any contingency in
which the provision can do any harm; but you
ask me what possible good it can do. Sir, I
wish that question would not bo pressed upon
me, for that is the difficult one to answer.
[Laughter.] I cannot just now say what prac-
tical good will result from having this right
reserved to us to reassemble in June. Yes,
Mr. President, I correct myself. I think I can
mention just one good that will arise from it.
It is suggested to mo by the argument of the .
Senator from West Virginia; it is enforced by
the argument recently made by the Senator
from Maine. Those Senators have appealed
to the body against reserving this right to
reassemble here on any future day between
tflis and D'ecember, because such a possibility,
such a contingency held up before the Ameri-
can people, they seem to think keeps the
American people in a state of perpetual con-
sternation, business is unsettled, commerce is
pursued staggeringly, every branch of human
effort is carried on under difficulties. If that
is so—and it does not become me to contro-
vert any assertion made by the Senator from
West Virginia or the Senator from Maine—if
that is so, it is necessary to be corrected, be-
cause Congress and its meetings occasionally
are a constitutional necessity ; and if people
are so alarmed at the prospect of an assem-
bling of the Congress of the United States
they must be taught to rise above that fear.
Professor Rarey, I remember, had otic way
of overcoming this weakness in those that he
undertook to deal with. When he had a horse
that was unnecessarily nervous and apprehen-
sive of objects that he encounlered, his way
was to enforce upon his observation, to press
upon the observation and notice of the horse
the object which he was apt to shun, gradually
approach it until he could get him to smell of
it, and so teach him to disregard the object.
I do not think, in view of what is said here of
the extreme nervousness and apprehensivc-
ness of the American people in view of a Con-
gress, that it would actually do at once to_let
the people smell of a Congress, but I think
wc can put one out toward them, hold up the
possibility of if, and in time they will learn to
contemplate such a thing as the meeting of an
American Congress and not fall fiat before it.
I hope to live to see that time come. -And
this, I think, is one way in which we can edu-
cate the people to contemplate this great hor-
ror, to familiarize themselves with it gradually,
and finally consent to it.
Mr. President, if it be so, as it is said to be,
that the business of this country cannot go on
while the national Legislature is in session;
if it be so, as it is said to be, that the laying
of a bill upon the table of the House of Rep-
resentatives occasions an ague on State street,
in Boston, and a panic in Wall street, the
sooner that business is educated above that
state of apprehensiveness and nervousness the
better; and in this point of view I would very
much like to see the amendment adopted. But
it is not the only one, for ihe.se are extraordi-
nary times. That cannot be denied. You do
not know what may happen in the next sixty
days. There may be a state of things arising
within that time which would impress it upon
the minds of individual Senators as a duty that
