356
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
March 26,
they should come back here. "Why? What
for? Certainly in no -possible event to act as
watch-dogs of the Presidential Mansion. I do
not contemplate any such thing as that, We
have our peculiar, our particular, our especial
vocation, and I have no idea of seeing it
changed. If we come here at all, we come to
do the constitutional work of a constitutional
Legislature, and for nothing else. But there
may be, I say, an occasion for such work as
that in the next sixty days. We cannot fore-
know that there will not be, and since there is
no possible inconvenience to arise from re-
serving this power in the resolution, I really
wish the Senate would do it; and besides, it
seems to me we thus show a disposition to
reconeilG our views with a view which seem's
to be prevalent in the other House, and so we
seem to be approaching a mutual agreement,
approaching some plan upon which the two
Houses can adjourn at some time.
Mr. SA.ULS13URY. The rumor has floated
upon the air during the whole existence of the
last session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and
during the brief period of the Fortieth Con-
gress, that the President of the United States
is to be impeached. I have yet to learn from
the utterance of a statesman in whom the public
have confidence, or of a press to whose teach-
ings the public give implicit credence, that this
is a remedy for existing evils. I am so unfor-
tunately situated in this body as not to belong
to a presidential republican party, or to a
congressional republican party. -As far as
the indications of each in action have been
manifested I differ widely, very widely from
both. But, sir, I will now take occasion to say
that which I have not said publicly before, but
which I have felt all the time in my heart of
hearts, that if the President of the U nited States
would allow himself to be impeached, and
before conviction of high crimes and misde-
meanors upon which he may be arraigned
allow himself to be deposed from his high
authority, as has been suggested, he ought to
be impeached.
Sir, it may bo said that this is throwing defi-
ance in the teeth of the omnipotence of the
American Congress. It may be that it is dis-
loyal to utter such a sentiment as that. It is
not uttered in the spirit of defiance, and as for
" disloyalty," I have heard enough of it for the
last six years to subject the word only to my
personal contempt. The Constitution of the
country, if there oe any Constitution left, and
if there be any country left over which that
Constitution is the supreme law of the land,
points out the mode and the manner in which
a high official shall be arraigned. For the first
time in the history of our Government, which
has stood for eighty or ninety years, wc find it
threatened every day that our independent and
coordinate branch of the Government shall be
arraigned before the other and tried. That
may lie proper; but it is further intimated that
before trial and before conviction that coordi-
nate brunch of the Government has a right to
lay its omnipotent hand upon the other and
dispossess it of its constitutional rights, and
subject it, and not only it but every power of
the Government, to the absolute will and con-
trol of this usurping authority. Sir, if that be
the theory .of the American Constitution; if
that be the teaching of our fathers ; if that be
the doctrine taught by the establishment upon
a written charter of a Government of coordi-
nate and equal powers, I have been unable to
appreciate that form of government; and if it
•has como to this, then I say, as one of the
humblest members of this body, come despot-
ism in your worst form ; come ye usurpers of
government and of administration, and subject
the rights and the liberties of the people to
your absolute control. Whatever personal
consequence may attach to me, I utter my
voice of protest against it, and say that never
did a man fill the executive chair of the nation
who ought to submit to such a tyrannical exer-
cise of power; and I say now, without any
offense to the gentlemen with whom I associate,
"If this be treason, make the most of it."
Mr. DRAKE. I cannot regard the question
now before the Senate otherwise than as one
of the most important that has been before it
since it assembled as a part of the_ Fortieth
Congress, and as one of the- most important
that is likely to come before it while it is in
session. I propose, in addition to some re-
marks which I made the other day, to state
my views on some points presented by the hon-
orable Senator from Maine, and before doing
so I must express my great regret at finding
myself obliged to differ from one so justly dis-
tinguished in this body and before the country
as that gentleman.
Mr. President, turn it which way we may,
look at it how we may, a vote of adjournment
now over to next December is one of two
things: either a declaration to the country that
Congress has confidence in the Administration,
or that Congress is powerless to check or con-
trol that Administration by appropriate legisla-
tion. I do not propose by my vote to make
either declaration to the country. I do not
intend, so far as my individual action is con-
cerned, to say to the people whom I represent
here that " all is quiet on tlie Potomac for
it is not quiet here, and we know it is not.
Nor do I intend to say to them that if the
President chooses to take this, that, or the
other course in the execution or non-execu-
tion of the laws which we have passed Con-
gress has no power to lay its hand upon him.
One or the other of these two things, in my
opinion, a present adjournment over to next
December, is the declaration of Congress, and
cannot be construed to be otherwise.
The honorable Senator from Maine asks,
apparently with the conviction that it is unan-
swerable, what legislation is undone that the
exigencies of the country require ? Sir, I
admit that to all appearances what we know
at this moment of the exigencies of the coun-
try has been met by the legislation that has
been consummated ; but can the Senator from
Maine tell what other legislation may not be
needed before sixty or even thirty days shall
have passed over our heads. We know, we
need not be told, that we are dealing with a
people who are wide-awake to everything that
can furnish an opportunity to them to shake
off what they call the shackles of an odious
tyranny ; and we know, too, that at the other
end of the avenue is an executive officer who
isjn sympathy with them, and not in sympathy
with Congress and its legislation.
And can we tell that there may not arise
within thirty days after we leave here an exi-
gency as great as any which this Congress or
its predecessor has been called upon to meet.
If wc were in ordinary circumstances there
would be no objection to our going hence until
December. If wo were in ordinary circum-
stances there would have been no occasion for
the Fortieth Congress to meet on the 4th of
March,_ and the veiy fact that it did meet is an
indication to the world that there was an exi-
gency which had to be met. Why did no pre-
vious Congress ever meet to organize, as the
Senator from Maine sajte? During the term
for which General Harrison was elected the
Vice President* went from your chair to the
While House for three years and eleven months,
and Congress never thought of meeting on the
4th of March to elect a Speaker to put him in
the line of succession to the presidency. Un-
der the Administration of Mr. Pierce the Vice
President died, and your chair became vacant;
but Congress was never called together for the
purpose of electing a Speaker to pu't him in the
line of the presidency; nor in General Taylor's
term either. Why not? Because the exigen-
cies of the country did not demand it. Why
did the Thirty-Ninth Congress pass an act con-
vening this Congress but that the exigencies of
the country did demand it in ari imperative de-
gree? Now, we are called upon to leave here,
to disperse, to go home, to tell the country all
is safe in the hands of Andrew Johnson ; all is
safe in the hands of a President who declares
your laws unconstitutional; all is safe in the
hands of a President who is in sympathy with
the very men and the very States over whom
those laws are intended to be operative for the
restoration of the Union.
Sir, I cannot do this thing. A sense of duty
to the loyal people I represent forbids that
under any circumstances I should give my
assent to this Congress dispersing for more than
eight months to come. 1 hope that something
like the amendment offered by the Senator
from Wisconsin will be adopted by this body.
I hope for the peace and the quiet of the loyal
men of the country that they will not be made
to believe by the action of this Congress that
they can have no hope whatever, let the Pres-
ident do what he may, between now and De-
cember. I would prefer an amendment similar
to that of the Senator from Wisconsin in a little
different shape; that is, providing more than
one day between now and December when
Congress may" meet; and if his amendment
shall fail, I have one prepared which I will
offer to cover that state of the case.
But, Mr. President, one word more. I make
no imputations upon the motives which lead
gentlemen to vote in favor of an adjournment
over until December; it does not become me
or any other Senator to make imputations upon
the motives of Senators; but 1 can state my
own motive for the course I pursue, and that
is that this nation shall, if Congress can do it,
be guarded at every point against the machina-
tions of men who would yet destroy it if they
could. With me it would be motive enough to
sit here in my seat every day until December
to know that it is possible that the designs
and devices which are still cherished for the
destruction of this nation had a possibility of
being carried out.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not altogether agree
with the honorable Senator from Missouri in
construing an adjournment as a declaration to
the country that Congress has confidence in
the Executive or into a declaration that Con-
gress is disposed to abandon the performance
of its duty. I say that the construction to be
put upon the act of Congress in adjourning at
this time is in the first place that it has been
usual from the beginning of the Government
for the adjournment to take place about this
time, and in adjourning, as is proposed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, we only follow
thosa precedents that have been established
since the formation of the Government; and it
further amounts to a declaration on the part
of Congress that we believe the legislation
which has been enacted is sufficient for the
protection of the country, and that we h'slve put
such guards around and such checks upon the
Executive by our legislation as to protect the
country and promote the restoration of the
Union.
I construe the other proposition to adjourn
from time to time, as proposed by the House
of Representatives, as a declaration to the coun-
try on the part of Congress that in their judg-
ment there is some great impending danger;
and that declaration on the part of Congress
will disturb the public mind, and the people
will ask each other, "What does this extraor-
dinary proceeding mean, and where is that great
and hidden danger that is coming upon the coun-
try : Congress must understand it; they must
have some means of knowledge not within our
reach?" The people will justly construe this
act as an apprehension on their part that some
great calamity, some unseen calamity is about
to befall the country, and that it is necessary
that Congress should assemble from time to
time during the summer to prevent the effects
of that calamity.
Now, sir, what does this mean? We find
that those distinguished gentlemen who seemed
most reluctant to provide a speedy way for the
restoration of the Union are now most anxious
to continue this session of Congress, in order,
according to the declaration of some of them,
to facilitate the return of the rebel .States to the
Union. Now, sir, does this mean impeach-
ment or not ? That is the question. Suppose
Andrew Johnson should make the laws we
have passed for reconstruction inoperative;
