1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
&57
what follows? Are not those States left in
their present condition? Is anybody to be
harmed if the rebel States are not restored in
the next six months? Suppose the restoration
shall be put off for one year ; who is harmed?
Cannot Congress endure that continuance of
the present state of things? Cannot the coun-
try endure it? Who is it that is so very anx-
ious that Congress should stay together to
compel the Executive to go forward and make
an irnmediate restoration of those States to
the_ Union? Sir, we have passed a law by
which we have opened the doors of the Union
to those States. We have invited them to
come in upon our terms. Upon the President
devolves the responsibility of executing that
law. If he fails in the performance of his
duty he will be answerable to the grand tribu-
nal of this nation for his failure to perform his
duty. But even if those laws should fail until
the 1st of December to produce their intended
effect, the nation, in my judgment, will not suf-
fer ; for so far as I am individually concerned
I think no matter what obstacles Andrew John-
son may put in the way, those States will have
their representatives in Congress just as soon
as the interests of this country will warrant.
All he can do, and all that these gentlemen pre-
tend that he can do, is simply to put off the res-
toration of those States, by a failure to exe-
cute our law, for a certain length of time; and
I cannot possibly perceive what grave danger
will result even if he should pursue that
course. But this is altogether a matter of sus-
picion. Although I have no very exalted
opinion of the President, I do not regard him
as a very bold man ; and I doubt very much,
with Congress constituted as it is to-day,
whether he will take the responsibility of
trampling under Ms feet the legislation of the
last Congress ; and so far as present indica-_
tions point ho is disposed to execute the law"
according to the expectations of those who
made it.
Now, sir, I am afraid that the people of this
country will understand that this proposal for
Congress to assemble during the summer is
simply intended to facilitate proceedings for
the impeachment of the President. I express
no opinion upon that subject; but I say, if we
intend to do it, let us do it boldly and fear-
lessly and above board, and not under some
> other pretense make an arrangement by which
Congress may be called together for that pur-
pose, if possibly there should be some reason
discovered for such a proceeding.
This proposition clearly contemplates that
this meeting of Congress is to be a kind of
contingency, and when Congress assembles,
the Presiding Officers of the two Houses are
to adjourn them unless otherwise ordered.
The representatives pf the people are scattered
from one end to the other of this vast country,
and every man is compelled to decide as^ to
whether an exigency has arisen or notrequiring
the Iiepresentatives and Senators to assemble.
Some may decide oneway and some may decide
another. Some may stay away supposing there
is no exigency requiring their attendance;
others may be here. There may be a part of
a Senate and part of a House; and when they
assemble, ana in the absence of the Repre-
sentatives and Senators of many of the States,
they may proceed to the transaction of busi-
ness. I say this sort of proceeding opens the
door for great mischief. I would much prefer,
if we are to have a session in the summer time,
to have -it understood that there is to be a
resular session of Congress for the transaction
of"business, and then let all the Senators and
Representatives assemble ; but so long as there
is to bo a session and it is understood that
there is to be no business transacted, unless
certain persons shall determine that it is neces-
sary to transact business, it puts the whole
interests of the country in the hands of a few
persons who may see proper to assemble at
that time. . ,
There are Senators and Representatives here
from the Pacific coast. They have a right, I
suppose, to return to their constituents during
an adjournment. If this proceeding takes
place, if a certain number of Senators and
Representatives should assemble on the first
Monday of June and conclude to proceed with
any business, even with an impeachment, they
of course will have no voice in the matter,
because it will be impossible for them to be
here to participate af.er. receiving notice that
it has been decided, after these gentlemen have
assembled, that they will proceed with" the
transaction of business. I should like to know
in reference to this resolution, whether it is
necessary for the Senators and Iiepresentatives
from that coast and remote parts of the coun-
try to remain here with a view of transacting
business during the summer, or whether they
can safely return to their constituents ? Cer-
tainly no very important business ought to be
transacted unless all the States that are now
represented in Congress are represented at
that time.
In view of all these considerations, in view
of the fact that nobody knows of any reason,
and it is only suspected that some reason may
possibly arise for what is proposed, it seems to
me that our true coursc is to adjourn Congress,
to show to the people of this country that wo
are convinced that at the present time there is
no danger, that the country is safe. The peo-
ple understand the President as well as we do.
They know what lie has done and what he will
do. I have failed to hear any gentleman an-
swer the question as to how we can control
the Executive if we do remain in session. Can
we execute the laws? Can he not go forward
and appoint such men as he sees proper to
command in these military districts in the
South without our consent?
Mr. DRAKE. Will the gentleman' allow
me to make a suggestion at that point?
Mr. WILLIAM'S. Certainly.
Mr. DRAKE. We cannot as a Congress
undertake the execution of the laws ; but we
can pass new laws which may be made neces-
sary by his failure to execute those already
existing.
Mr. WILLIAMS. No doubt wc can pass
new laws ; but we can pass no law to execute
those that we have already enacted. We can-
not compel the President to execute a law wc
have made if he refuses to execute that law_;
and there is no remedy that I can see unless it
be the remedy provided for in the Constitu-
tion, that when the Executive or any other offi-
cer fails to execute a law, he shall be arraigned
and tried for his delinquency. That is a rem-
edy, I acknowledge ; and if it be necessary for
Congress to assemble for that purpose, let us
understand it. I think it desirable to know
exactly what the thing means, and not to have
it left in mystery and in doubt. I infer that it
means something more than gentlemen are
willing to say, because no one who advocates
it undertakes to specify any particular reason,
or points out any particular danger that is im-
pending ; but there is something, some dim
and shadowy danger that looms up at some
remote distance that we arc expected to wait
for, to be prepared to meet; and hero we re-
main, dawdling along from day to day, having
nothing to do, afraid to do anything, but, like
Micawber, waiting for something to turn up,
and so we are to pass through the summer. It
seems to me, as was suggested by the Senator
from Maine, it is "not in accordance with the
dignity and power and history of the legisla-
tive branch of this nation that wc should pur-
sue anv such course.
Mr. STEWART. If I ever had entertained
any doubt in regard to the true course to bo
pursued on this subject the discussion to-day
has certainlv removed that doubt There has
been no reason assigned, no contingency sug-
gested, in my opinion, that should bring this
Congress together. The_ principal difficulty
that has been suggested is that the laws we
have passed on the subject of reconstruction
may not be carried into effect. Congress has
stated generous, fair, liberal terms of restora-
tion. The charge that Congress was prevent-
ing the return of the southern States is now
fully answered. It does not lay at the door of
Congress or of the Union party. We are for
the Union. We have stated generous terms
upon which the Union may be restored. The
people of the South, the people that desire
the South to return to the Union, are as much
interested in this as the Union party ; the rebels
themselves are as much interested ia the exe-
cution of this law as we are. I think they and
the Executive have seen enough not to be de-
sirous of throwing further obstructions in the
way of the execution of the will of the loyal
people of this country. The door is open, and
I dp not believe they dare take the responsi-
bility of shutting that door. If they dare, let
them take the responsibility. _ Let him who
will obstruct the just restoration which Con-
gress has provided for, and then there will be
a cause for action on the part of Congress.
But if wo stay here without any definite aim or
object and waste our strength and bring our-
selves into disrepute we may not have the
moral support of the country to do those things
that will appear to every one to be necessary.
It will take all the time of this vacation to
give the people of the South a chance to let
these-laws go into operation. The registration
will take until September, and the conventions
will occupy the balance of the time. They
can no more than fairly try the experiment by
the time we shall return. We shall then have
an opportunity to see all they propose_ to do;
and if they do not come up to the spirit of out-
law the loyal people of this country will de-
mand that further measures shall be taken.
We shall then have come fresh from the peo-
ple. We shall have seen the spirit of the
South, who are to act voluntarily to a great
extent in this matter. It is not in the hands
of the President. Ho has already appointed
these generals. Let liim appoint others if he.
pleases. The duty of these officers is pointed
out. They are to make the registration; they
are to count votes. If peace is not kept there
so that there can be a fair registration } if the
rebels in the South propose to disturb the
peace and do it, they incur a fearful respon-
sibility, and we shall be here in time to cure
it. I believe that if Congress leave here now
and return in December, if there has been
anything wrong done, wc shall have the moral
support of the country to rectify that wrong.
We are in too good a position to try experi-
ments. Our position is too strong, too just for
us to take any chances of doing wrong and
getting in a worse position.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to make a
motion, with the unanimous consent of the
Senate, that wc take a recess until half past
5f>vpn o'f'loPK.
Several Senators. No, no; let us have a
vote. < . , ,
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the vote will be
taken on this question, and then we can have a
rccc^s
Mr. HENDERSON. Very well; I am will-
ing to withdraw the motion if we can get a
vote. „ „ ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no sort of feel-
ing in regard to this question of adjournment,
and should be willing to fix days when Con-
gress should reassemble between now and De-
cember if I could see any public necessity for
so doing, or if I thought it was best for the
public interests of the country. I have no
such fears as some entertain of the President.
So far as his acts are concerned I have never
withheld the expression of my opinion in con-
demnation of them when I believed them to
be wrong. Of liis acts I have always spoken
freely, and expect to do so, in condemnation
or approval as, in my judgment, they seem to
be right or wrong. Personalty^ of the Kxc-
cutive I do not indulge in remarks. I believe
I have never been guiltyof making any per-
sonal attacks upon the Executive.
I expect the Executive to exercise the func-
tions that belong to his office, and I will no more
encroach upon what I believe are his constitu-
tional prerogatives than I will allow him to
encroach upon ours. It is his province to oon-
