mo
TSE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
ator from Massachusetts to the amendment of
the committee.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 15, nays 20 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Cole, Drake,
Harlan, Howe, Nye, Pomeroy, Sherman, Sumner,
'Thayer. Tipton, Wade, "Wilson, and Yates—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buekalew, Cattell, Conk-
ling, Conness, Corbett, Cragin, Davis, Dixon, Ed-
munds, Fessenden, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, John-
son, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Patterson of Tennessee, Itoss, Spraguo,
Stewart, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey, and Wil-
liams—26.
ABSliNT—Messrs. Doolittle, Ferry, Grimes, Guth-
rie, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, Norton, Pat-
terson of New Hampshire, Ramsey, Eiddlc, and
Saulsbury—12.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. HOWE. I want to try one amendment
at, the other end of the resolution. I move to
amend.it by striking out " Thursday, the 28th,"
and inserting "Friday, the 29th." I believe
that is within the constitutional power of Con-
gress, and I feel bound, in view of what has
been said, to explain that this proposed amend-
ment, has not the slightest reference to the
question of impeachment. [Laughter.]
Mi'. NYE. I hope that the amendment will
not be adopted. It will keep the business
community of the country agitated for twenty-
foin- hours more. [Laughter.]
Mr. DRAKE. I'ask the Senator from Wis-
consin if he will not accommodate me so much
for a moment as to withdraw his amendment
to let me offer another which Thave prepared ?
Air. IIOWE. Is mine inconsistent with
yours?
Mr. DRAKE. I wish to offer an amend-
ment by way of substitute for the whole prop-
osition.
Mr. IIOWE. That can be moved afterward
just as well.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin to the amendment of the commit-
tee.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. DRAKE. I move to amend the amend-
ment reported by the committee by striking
out all after the word " that" in the first line
and inserting:
On Thursday, the 28t.h day of March, instant, at
tho hour of twelve o'clock noon, the President of
ttao Senate and the Speaker of tlio House of Repre-
sentativesshall adjourn their respective Housos ovor
until Wednesday, tho 5th day ot June noxt, when,
unless a Quorum of both Houses bo present, those
officers shall further adjourn the said Houses, re-
spectively, over until Wednesday, tho 4th day of
September next, when, unless a riuorum of both
Houses be present, they shall further adjourn the
said Houses ovor, respectively, until tho first Mon-
day of December next.
I call for the yeas and nays on this amend-
ment.
Tho yeas and nays were ordered; and be-
ing taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 27 ; as fol-
lows :
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Cole, Cragin,
Drake, Fooler, Harlan, Howe, Nye, Pomeroy, Sum-
ner, Thayer. Wade, and Yates—If.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buekalew, Cattell. Conk-
ling, Conness, Corbett, Davis, Dixon,Edmunds, ]?es-
senden, Erelinghuyseu, Johnson, Morgan, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Patterson of
Tennessee, Ross,Shorman. Sprague, Stewart/Tipton,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey, Williams, and Wil-
son—27.
ABSENT—Messrs.Doolittle, Terry, Grimes, Guth-
rie, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, Norton, Pat-
terson of New Hampshire, Eamsey, Riddle, and
Saulsbury—12.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
The amendment was agreed to.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the adoption of the resolution
as amended.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. ROSS. I desire to say that on this
question I am paired with the Senator from
Minnesota, [Mr. Norton.] If he were present
he would vote in the affirmative and I in the
negative.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buekalew, Conkling,
Conness, Corbett, Davis, Dixon. Edmunds, Fessen-
den Frelinghuysen, Johnson, Morgan, Morrill of
Maine, Patterson of Tennessee, Sherman, Sprague,
Stewart, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey, and Wil-
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Cole, Cragin,
Drake, Fowler, Harlan, Morrill of V ermont, Morton,
Nye, Pomeroy, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Wade, Wil-
son, and Yates—17,
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, Doolittle, Ferry, Grimes,
Guthrie, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, Howe, Nor-
ton, Patterson of New Hampshire, Ramsey, Riddle,
Ross, and Saulsbury—15.
So the resolution, as amended, was adopted.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bill
and joint resolution of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 63) to authorize the entry and
occupation of a portion of Long Island, in Bos-
ton harbor; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 22} declaring
the meaning of the second section of the act
of the 2d of March, 1861, relative to property
lost in the military service.
enrolled resolution signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 3D) concerning the uniform
of persons in the diplomatic service of the
United States ; and it was signed by the Pres-
ident pro tempore.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 79) to authorize the
appointment of certain watchmen, and for
other purposes; and the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 38) to cover certain moneys in the con-
trol of the Navy Department into the Treas-
ury, were read twice by their titles, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations.
The joint resolution (H. R. ]No. 41) providing
fortlie necessary surveys for a ship-canal around
the falls of the Ohio river, for military, naval,
and commercial purposes, and the joint resolu-
tion (II. R. No. 41) relating to the sale of the
marine hospital at Evansville, Indiana, were
read twice by their titles, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 42) author-
izing the employment of Brevet Brigadier
General Selli Eastman on special service was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
The joint resolution (II. R. No. 45) in regard
to the Rancho Panoche Grande claim in Cali-
fornia, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Tho joint resolution (H. R. No. 39) in refer-
ence to the payment of the salaries of members
of Congress, was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie on the table.
The amendments of theliouse of Represent-
atives to the bill (S. No. 83) making appro-
priations to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for contingent expenses of the Senate
of the United States for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 18G7, and for other purposes, were
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
executive' business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have now, so far
as we are concerned, voted to adjourn on the
day after to-morrow. There is a good deal of
executive business on the table that ought to
be attended to, and I move that the Senate now
take a recess until half past seven o'clock for
the purpose of then considering executive bus-
iness ; it is now half past five.
_Mr. CHANDLER. I am afraid the country
will be agitated if we meet again this evening.
I move that tho Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed toj there being
on a division—ayes 11, noes 20.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Maine that the Senate take a recess till half
past seven o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Had we not better go
into executive session now, have the messages
read and referred, and adjourn until to-morrow,
and then take the day for executive business.
What shall we gain by coming here to-night?
Mr. FESSENDEN. We can settle some
cases.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is not much on
the executive Calendar. We can refer the
messages and receive whatever reports are
ready to be made, and then to-morrow come
here and take the day.
Mr. SUMNER. Yes; go into executive
session at one o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a matter of entire
indifference to me. I want to get ahead with
business; but if the Senate prefer to go into
executive session now very well. I withdraw
my motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday,, March 26, 1867.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntou.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
iiarfeil's ferry.
Mr. THOMAS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following preamble and resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas it is desirable that the public property at
Harper's Ferry, West Virginia, used previous to the
rebellion for an armory, be turned to useful account:
Jtesolvcil, That tho Attorney General of tho United
States be directed to examine tho titlo papers con-
cerning that property, and report his opinion as to
the title of the United States to the same, whether it
is in fee-simple or merely held in trust by the Presi-
dent for a specific use and no other.
harbor in wisconsin and michigan.
Mr. SAWYER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted a joint resolution of the Legislature of
Wisconsin, asking Congress for an appropria-
tion for improving the harbor at the mouth of
Mcnomonee river, between the States of Wis-
consin and Michigan; which was ordered to be
referred to the Committee on Appropriations
when appointed, and printed. "
surrogate in tiie district.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to create'the office of
surrogate of the District of Columbia, to provide
for the appointment and define the powers and
duties of guardians, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
doorkeeper's messengers.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I also ask unani-
mous consent to submit the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Doorkeeper be authorized and
directed to retain during the recess of Congress the
number of messengers now employed.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I object; this haa not
been usual heretofore.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Allow me to explain
a moment.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I object.
taxing united states securities.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution for consid-
eration at this time:
Resolved, That in the judgment of this House the
bonds and^ other securities issued by the United
States, which, are by law exempt from. State and
municipal taxation, ought to be taxed by the au-
thority of Congress for national purposes in such
manner and to such extent as may be necessary to
substantially equalize taxation, taking: into consid-
eration the average tax imposed upon other prop-
erty for local purposes^ in the several States, such
bonds and other securities not being exempt by any
provision of law from such taxation; and that the
