1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
363
made properly without the consent of tlie
member to be alfected^thereby. But what I
particularly desire to call the attention of the
House to is this: that a ehauge is made in the
report which ta,kes the shape of a direct attack
upon me to which I could make no reply. The
new matter is as follows:
The gentleman denounces me as having executed
an innocent person without evidence. X have oxe-
i—i l)ei'son, but acted as the advocate of the
umteabtates on the trial otf persons who were charged
with and convicted of the assassination of Abraham
.Lincoln. J.he gentleman pronounces, with the assur-
ance olbir Oracle, that an innocent woman was on
tiiafc trial convicted without sufficient evidence. By
what right does the gentleman thus assail me, or the
tribunals of true and brave and honorable men, who
found the facts upon their oaths, and pronounccd the
judgment? What does the gentleman know of the
evidence in the ease, and what docs he care for the
evidence when he thus assails the official conduct of
those men who constituted the court?"
Now, with the leave of the House, I do not
desire to make any characterization by use of
epithets of such a change. That even in the heat
and ardor of debate we may throw off expres-
sions which upon reflection we would a little
rather had not been said, it is most true, may
be, and should be changed in the official re-
port. I may do so myself. But he who in the
cool hour of the silent night sits down and
deliberately pens an accusation against liis
peer to which he cannot reply is not to be
envied.
Therefore I ask leave now to state the evi-
dence upon which I made the assertion I did
the other day, that Mrs. Surratt was improp-
erly convicted; because the gentleman says
that I neither knew nor cared for the evidence.
I hold in my hand the evidence as reported
under the gentleman's official sanction. I ex-
amined it with great care long ago. The state-
ment I made the other day was not sporadic
thought with mo; it was the result of a careful
examination of this case for another and a dif-
ferent purpose, in the endeavor to ascertain
who was concerned in fact in the great con-
spiracy to assassinate President Lincoln.
The gentleman says he was 1! the advocate
of the United States only." Sir, he makes a
wide mistake as to his official position. He
was the special judge advocate whose duty it
was to protect the rights of the prisoner as
well as the rights of the United States, and to
sum up the evidence and state the law as would
" a judge on the bench. Certainly it was his
duty to present to the commission all the evi-
dence bearing upon the ease.
Now, there was a piece of evidence within
the knowledge of the special judge advocate
and in his possession which he did not produce
on this most momentous trial. Wheu Booth
was captured by the force under Lieutenant
Colonel Conger there was taken from his
pocket a diary like the one I now hold in my
hand. In this diary Booth had set down day
by day his plans, his thoughts, his motives,
and the execution of his plans. That diary
came into the possession of the Government,
but it was not brought before the military
commission. Although even Booth's tobacco-
pipe, spur, and compass, found in the same
pocket with the diary, were put m evidence,
the diary was not produced. That diary has
been before your Committee on the Judiciary.
Let mo say here, to exclude conclusions, that ,
I do not obtain my evidence from them. That j
diary, as now produced, has eighteen pages
cut out, the pages prior to the time when
Abraham Lincoln was massacred, although
the edges as yet show they had all been" writ-
ten over. Now, what I want to know is this:
was that diary whole when it came into the
hands of the Government? And second, if it
was good judgment on thepart of the gentle-
man prosecuting the assassins of the President
to put in evidence the tobacco-pipe which was
found in Booth's pocket, why was not the
diary, in his own handwriting, put in evi-
dence, and wherein lie himself had detailed
the particulars of that crime?
And therefore I did not eharge.,the able and
gallant soldiers who sat on that court with
having done any wrong. They did not see the
diary. They did not know of the diary. If
they had they might have given a different
finding upon the matter,of this great eonspir-
aey.
Who spoliated that book ? Who suppressed
that evidence? Who caused an innocent
woman to be hung when he had in liis pocket
the diary which had stated at least what was
the idea and the purpose of the main conspir-
ator in the case? There is still remaining in
that diary a most'remarkablesentence, written
apparently but a few hours before Booth died.
I give it from memory :
"I have endeavored to cross the Potomac five
times, but failed. I propose to return to Washing-
ton and give myself up, and clear myself from this
great crime."
How clear himself? By disclosing his ac-
complices? Who were they ? Who spoliated
that book after it got into the possession of the
Government,'"if it was not spoliated before ?
And what evidence is there that it was spo-
liated before?
Why was not Lieutenant Colonel Conger
allowed to state fully in regard to this matter?
Let me read from the reported evidence on the
trial. It will bo seen that the questions were
carefully put, so that Conger when on the wit-
ness-stand should not tell about that book. He
says:
" I then took what things were in his pockets and
tied them up in a piecc of paper. lie was not then
quito dead. lie would—once perhaps in five minutes
—ga&p; his heart would almost die out, and then it
would commence again, and by a few rapid beats
would mako a slight motion. I loft the body and the
prisoner Ilerold in charge of Lieutenant Baker. I
told him to wait an hour if Booth was not dead; if he
recovered to wait there,.and send over to Belle Plain
lor asurgeon from one of the gun-ships, and if ho
died in the space of an hour to get the best convey-
ance lie could and biing him on.
"1 stayed there some ten minutes after that was
said when the doctor there said lie was dead.
"LA kuifc, pair of pi«tols, belt, holster,file, pocket
compass, spur, pipe, carbine, cartridges, and tills of
exchangewcrc shown to tlio witness.!
"That is the knife, belt, and holster taken from
Booth; the pistols 1 did not examine with any caro;
but they looked like these; that is the pocket-com-
pass, with the candle-grease on it, just as we found
it; the spur I turned over to Mr. Stanton; and I
judge this to bo the one taken from Booth. That is
the carbine we took; it is a Spencer rifle, and has a
mark on the breech by which I know it; both the
pistols and carbine were loaded; I unlanded the car-
bine myself in Mr. Secretary Stanton's offico, and
these are the cartridges that I took out; there was
one in the barrel and tie cluimborwas lull; these arc
the bills of exchange; I put my initials on them."
& fi. X if -HA.
"I had seen John Wilkes Booth in Washington,
andiccoffnizcd the man who was killed as the same;
I had before remarked liis resemblance to his brother,
Edwin Booth, whom I had often seen play."
It will be seen that there was no point where
the witness was asked, " Were those things all
that you took from Booth's pockets?" Certain
articles were spread out before the witness,
even to a tobacco-pipe, and he was asked,
"Did you take this?" "Did you take that?"
ITe answered, " Yes." But if the proper ques-
tion had been asked he would have answered,
"Yes; audi took the diary of Booth from
his person ; it was not necessary that 1 should
know anything about him from his resem-
blance to his brother, Edwin Booth, in order
to recognize him, because I took this diary in
his own handwriting from his own breast as
he lay there gasping in the agonies of death."
That would have been an identification beyond
all question and all peradventure.
Now, sir, I do not know what would have
been the judgment of that military commission
if that e\idence found upon the person of the
prisoner had been produced ; and that evi-
dence ought, in my judgment, to have been
produced. I will state here (because I wish
to deal fairly and justly with this case ; I have
no feeling, no heat in regard to it) that I
understand the theory to be that that evidence
was not produced lest Booth's glorification of
himself, as found in his diary, should go before
the country. I think that a lame excuse. If
an assassin can glorify himself, let him do so.
No harm could result from it in the minds of a
patriotic and intelligent people. Therefore, [
again ask, Why was a most remarkable piece
of evidence, which was found on the body of i
the great conspirator, concealed? No, I will
take that back; I will not say "concealed;"
but why was it not brought forward ,on that
trial? Why was it not brought to the knowl-
edge pf the public mind ?. I believe that piece
of evidence would have shown what, the whole
case, in my judgment, now shows: that up to
a certain hour Booth contemplated capture
and abduction, and that he afterward changed
his purpose to assassination on consultation
with the conspirators about him.
Mrs. Surratt may or may not have known
of that change of purpose from abduction to
assassination. Now, what I hnd fault with in
the judge advocate, who did not sum up for
the prisoner, is that in his very able and very
bitter argument against the prisoners no notice
is taken by the special judge advocate of this
change of purpose and brought to the attention
of the men who composed that military tribu-
nal. And if Mrs. Surratt did not know of this
change of purpose there is no evidence that
she knew in any way of the assassination, and
ought not, in my judgment, to have been con-
victed of taking part in it.
Mr. Speaker, these are briefly some of the
reasons why in my former remarks I said " I
am glad the blood of that woman, be she guilty
or innocent, is not upon my head." But in
no manner, in no way, by no intendment or
word of mine, did I mean to say that those
able and discrcet officers, military men who
relied for the law of the case upon the special
judge advocate, and who thought they had all
the facts which could throw light upon the
case, but before whom all the facts were not
put, did any wrong whatever—I do not mean to
say they judged wrongly under the lights they
had. But the point I make, and the point
which shall stand made before this country, is
that all the testimony possible to throw light
on that case was not before that tribunal; for
if wo had only the advantage of all the testi-
mony, Mr. Speaker, we might then have been
able, with the testimony of witnesses fresh in
mind, to find who, indeed, wfee all the accom-
plicos of Booth ; to find who it was that cbangcd
Booth's purpose from capturc to assassination;
who it was that could profit by assassination who
could not profit by capturc and abduction of
the President; who it was expected by Booth
would succeed to Lincoln if the knife made a
vacancy, which we cannot do now but might
have done if we could ascertain what was in
that book. Although in some aspects of the
case it might not have been legal evidence, yet
in all aspects it is moral evidence, carrying
conviction to the moral sense. It is the dying
declaration of a man, assassin though he be,
who was speaking the truth, probably to him-
self, as between himself and his God.
If we had all the pages we should have had
some explanation of this great fact: how was
Booth to clear himself by going back to Wash-
ington from the great crime he had committed?
That Booth thought, he could do so appears
from what still remains; the oiher eighteen
pages are gone. Were they gone when the book-
came into the possession of the learned judge
advocate? If they were, why did not he inquire
when and where they went? When Lieutenant
Colonel Conger gave it to some one, why did
he not inquire " Was it whole then ?" When it
went into the hands of the next man was it
whole then ? Whose was the knife that cut out
the leaves in a way that is plain to be seen of
all men?
I am not now speaking of anything which is
mere hearsay, but of that which I know. I am
speaking of that in which, if I speak wrongly,
any gentleman of the Judiciary Committee who
has had this book before him can correct me.
Again, I take leave to say I am not speaking
of any' knowledge got from them, because they
properly keep it to themselves.
Now, sir, I should not have further pursued
this matter except that the gentleman charged
me with having made my statement without
evidence, without examination of the evidence.
Ho has chosen I o bring this matter here by that
charge, and I desire now in some form this
