364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
matter shall be fully and thoroughly investi-
gated, so that all the facts may be brought be-
fore the House and the country.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. ROSS. I move that his time be ex-
tended.
Objection was made.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask unanimous consent
to make a reply to the gentleman.
The SPEAKER. How much time does the
gentleman ask for ?
Mr. BINGHAM. The length of time taken
by my opponent and accuser.
There was no objection, and leave was ac-
cordingly granted.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire, if the gentleman
has the book to which he refers, he will have
goodness enough to send it to me ?
Mr. B UTLER. Is this the book you desire?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; I mean the
diary of Booth—not a report of the trial.
Mr. BUTLER. The diary? Oh no, sir.
They do not let me see it.*
Mr. BINGHAM. Oh yes, sir ; that is
another exhibition of fairness and manliness.
Mr. BUTLER. I have not it, sir.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman has not
got it, he ought not to have said anything about
it. Why talk of written evidence and not be
able to produce it ?
Mr. BUTLER. But then I know who has.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, I do not; that is
the difference.
Mr. Speaker, I desire to say that the report
which was made of the hurried and excited
debate which took place between myself and
the gentleman, and which was provoked on
his part by an unjust imputation unwarranted
by all parliamentary proceedings, none the less
unjust aud disreputable because he selected the
softest words in the language, was very imper-
fect except the first paragraph.
The SPEAKER. The word "disreputable"
is not proper.
Mr. BINGHAM. What is not proper?
The SPEAKER. The word "disreputable."
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg pardon. I suppose
that to speak of an unjust accusation as disrep-
utable is parliamentary.
The SPEAKER. To characterize the lan-
guage of a member as disreputable is not par-
liamentary,
Mr. BINGHAM; I am only sorry the
Speaker did not discover that like words in
my accuser's harangue were not also unparlia-
mentary. I take back the word under the
direction of the Speaker, and stand corrccted.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will speak
in order. "
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg to say that in my
former reply to the gentleman, made under
the excitement arising from a sense of wrong
done me, and the limitation of my time, it so
happened that the report sent to me was the
most imperfect, as before stated, that has
ever been submitted to me of my remarks
made in this House. I therefore revised
the report, as was my right, and of this the
gentleman .complains, and in his sore distress
reprints the imperfect report, with errors in
it patent to every man who heard me, and
lays it on the tables of members. That is
beyond question _ a heroic and magnanimous
achievement! Sir, I say that any gentleman
may examine the report in the Globe as revised
by me with what care he pleases, and lie will
fail to find in my corrected remarks as therein
published a single accusation against the gen-
tleman that is not, by express words or by
necessary implication, in the notes of the
reporters. The remarks as revised and pub-
lished are substantially and almost literally
what I said ou this floor.
I charged that the gentleman constituted
himself an unjust accuser. I charged him
with having assailed my official conduct upon
this floor and elsewhere. I charged him also
with having assailed the official conduct of
men who were his peers in the field, who
stood amid the blackness and tempest of the
great conflict, where the earthquake and th e fire
led the charge. Those words I used that day,
and I repeat them now, although they did
not appear in precisely that form in the official
report sent to me. And yet the gentleman is
driven to such straits as I have named, after
making this assault on me, simply because I
do not choose to follow him and levy charities
by confiscation upon a conquered people. He
chooses to try to get out ot the difficulty into
which he has put himself by getting up this mu-
tilated report of my remarks and printing it.
The gentleman is welcome to all that he can
make by any such course of procedure, and
there I leave him, with the additional remark
that even in the meager reports of the daily
papers on the following morning is found sub-
stantially every statement that is recorded iu
the corrected report in the Globe, even down
to the last words I uttered, which they did me
the kindness to preserve, and which are, "I
defy the gentleman's calumny."
What, then, is the gentleman complaining
of? Why, that I said he had condemned with-
out knowing or caring for the evidence. I say
it yet. And, sir, if he is the lawyer he is re-
puted to be—and I am not the man to underrate
my adversary here or anywhere—he is to be
pitied, coming here and arraigning his peers
again for not consenting to admit as testimony
for the defense the declarations of any man
accused made after the feet. The gentleman
puts his book into his pocket. I tell him that
i defy him, by any investigation that he dare
institute, here or anywhere, to show that any
communication came to my hands that ap-
peared or purported to be the production of J.
Wilkes Booth that was  not made after the
fact, long after the fact. Is any lawyer in
America or in England to be told that the
words and declarations of an accused felon,
made after the fact, are evidence that the
advocate for the Government is bound to admit
on behalf of the accused in any court? Why,
sir, if one of several conspirators can thus
make his declarations, made after the fact
evidence, either for himself or for his cocon-
spirators, how impotent is justice itself 1
Sir. I treat with contempt and scorn any
intimation from any quarter that I or my asso-
ciate counsel were under obligations to admit
any such evidence. The law does not require
it; the common law, the 'growth of centuries,
the gathered wisdom of a thousand years ex-
cludes it. But perhaps that great monument
of wisdom and learning is not equal to the in-
comparable genius of the incomparable hero
of Fort Fisher. [Laughter on the Democratic
side.]
Mr. BUTLER. Will the gentleman give
way a moment?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; the gentleman
has no right to ask favors at my hands. One
word more ; I beg leave to say 1 never saw any
memorandum of any kind of John Wilkes
Booth or any writing indicating, if I under-
stood at all the gentleman's remarks, any plan
by which he was to carry out his projected
conspiracy. I never saw any such thing. That
is my answer to that. If anybody else saw it,
then let whoever else saw it auswer for it. I
never saw any such thing. And I am not sur-
prised that the gentleman would not let me see
the book that he put into his pocket.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I think 
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
declines to yield, and must be allow^ij to pro-
ceed without interruption.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not care, if having
refused to let me inspect the book, he imitates
the example given in the vision in the Apoca-
lypse, and "eats it." [Laughter.]
One word more. The gentleman talks about
the spoliated book. '• Who spoliated the
book?" That is about as interesting a cry
as that _to which I referred the other day,
Who killed Cock Robin?" Who knows that
it was spoliated or mutilated, if that is the gen-
tleman's meaning? If John Wilkes Booth tore
pages out of it, was that spoliation or mutila-
tion? The gentleman's words are as impo-
tent as they are unwarranted.
"Let the galled jade wince1; ourwithersarounwrunj?."
I challenge th% gentleman, I dare him here
or any where in this tribunal, or in any tribunal,
to assert that I spoliated or mutilated any book.
Why, sir, such a charge, without one tittle of
evidence, is only fit to come from a man who
lives in a bottle and is fed with a spoon.
[Laughter and applause, checked by the
Speaker. ]
One word to show the heartless malicious-
ness of this assault, if that be parliamentary.
I have great respect for the Speaker of this
House personally, as well as for his entire
fairness; and if anything said by me in the
heat and excitement of this moment even col-
orably reflects upon the Speaker, I ask that
the reporter shall record in the debates and
proceedings of this House that I recall and
disclaim any such purpose or any such inten-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman did reflect
in some of his remarks upon the Speaker. '
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg the pardon of the
Chair; I had no such intention. I believe a
more impartial Presiding Officer never sat since
the Commons first met.
Now, what is the other statement made here,
showing the utter maliciousness of this accusa-
tion,-the utter disregard and contempt for all
decency and all law? What is it? Why, that
I controlled the rulings in the court. The
gentleman says he has the record. He is not
unlearned in the law—for, as I said before, I
do not underrate my adversary—and he knows I
was not the official recorder of that court nor
its presiding judge advocate. He knows its
recorder was the Judge Advocate General of
the United States; he knows that he presided
during every minute and every liou$ of its ses-
sion ; he knows that he was its legal adviser.
What then? Why, I am to be held at fault;
and why? Because I did not overrule the
official recorder of the court. Having said this,
allow me to say further that the Judge Advo-
cate General did his duty faithfully and is above
reproach.
Now, if the gentleman seeks to condemn me
for anything said in the argument on that trial,
which I admit I made, and every word of which
is my own and that of no other man; if the.
gentleman seeks to condemn me for anything
uttered by me in that argument, let him read
from the passage and show to this House and
to the world wherein I did injustice to any man
or to any person connected either directly or
indirectly with that trial. Sir, the gentleman
has undertaken a task entirely beyond his
powers. And he only proves in that which he
has undertaken to-day that the execution of
the war on his part in this instance, as in oth-
ers, is by no means up to the high and sound-
ing manifesto.
I repeat, when he again accuses me, and
before he asks that I shall be condemned for
any part which I performed upon that trial, let
him point to any utterance or act of mine which
justifies such condemnation.
What is this matter to which the gentleman
refers in reference to a change of plan? Why,
it was^ exhibited in evidence on that trial that
the original plan, as falsely alleged by the con-
spirators, was to kidnap, not to assassinate.
And the gentleman says, "Poor Mrs. Surratt
did not know it.'' Sir, I remember the maxim
whic^i even the pagan observed, to speak noth-
ing of the dead but that which is good; and
therefore I am not to be driven by anything
which the gentleman may have said, or anything
he can say, to utter one single word now in the
way of argument as to the guilt of Mrs. Surratt.
There is the evidence; and when the gentleman
chooses again to assail me let him read my
argument upon that subject, and let him answer
it. Let him show wherein it is false; let him
show wherein it is corrupt; let him show, above
all things, wherein it is malicious or unjust.
For, sir, I Recognize that at last justice is the
rale of conduct, both official and unofficial,
