1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
inasmuch as it is the attribute of the great God
of Nature, which dwelt with Him before worlds
were, which will abide with Him when worlds
perish, and by which the gentleman and my-
self shall both be judged for this day's proceed-
ings.
Mr. Speaker, nothing gives me more pain
than to be compelled to utter an unkind word
toward my fellow-man; and I repeat what I
said in the opening of this controversy with the
gentleman, that I defy mortal man to find upon
the recorded debates of this House during all
my ten years' service any word of mine offen-
sive to any human being except words provoked
by an unjust assault. Am I to be condemned
if having the sense to feel an insult I also have
the spirit to resent it? That is my answer, sir.
A man's conduct is worth more than a man's
pretensions, inasmuch as conduct at last is
character.
I may have spoken now with a heat unbe-
coming me in this place ; but, sir, if I have, I
shall ask the poor privilege of softening my
rude words if any I have uttered in the official
report. Having said this much, sir, I desire to
say one word more, and I shall have done:
"Grateful as I am to the good Being whose
bounty has imparted to me this reasoning in-
tellect, I hold myself proportionably indebted
to him from whose enlightened understanding
another ray of knowledge communicates to
mine." I deeply regret that the gentleman has
not thus made me his debtor.
Mr. WARD obtained the floor.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I ask a mo-
ment to correct one mistake.
Mr. PILE. I object to any further continu-
ation of this controversy. We have had enough
of it.
Mr. GETZ. I also object. The gentleman
from Massachusetts has had words enough
about this matter.
assassination trial.
Mr. WARD. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution, which in view
of what has taken place is evidently proper at
this time: /
Whereas an ex-memberof the Cabinethasdeclared
in a public speech delivered at Boston that the testi-
mony given on behalf of the Government on tho trial
of the assassins of the lato President Lincoln was
suborned, and that one of the accomplices ofthesaid
assassins, Mrs. Surratt, was convicted and executed
without there having been any evidence of hcrguilt;
and whereas a member of this liouse, tho honorable
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] did on
the 21st day ot March, 1867, in debate in this House,
use the following language: " But the only victim of
the gentleman's prowess thatl know of was an inno-
cent woman, hung upon tho scaffold, one Mrs. Sur-
ratt. And I can sustain the memory of Fort Fisher
if lie [Mr. Bingham] and his associates can sustain
him in shedding the blood of a woman tried by a
military commission and convicted without sufficient
evidence, in my judgment;" and whereas the trial
of said assassins was essentially national in its char-
acter, and the public honor requires that this grave
and deliberate impeachment of the integrity of its
proceedings shall be investigated and tho truth de-
clared: Therefore,
Be it resolved. That a select committee of three be
appointed by the Speaker to examine thoroughly into
said charges, and to report thereon, and that they
have authority to send lor all persons and papers
which may be required in conducting said investiga-
tion.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I object.
This question never ought to have come here,
and never ought to go any further.
Mr. WARD. I move that the rules be sus-
pended.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
26, noes 90.
Mr. WARD called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the House refused to suspend the rules.
marine hospital, evansville, indiana.
Mr. NIBLACK. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a joint resolution relating to the
sale of the Marine Hospital at Evansville, In-
diana.
There was no objection; and the jomt reso-
lution was received, and read a first and second
time. .
The joint resolution authorizes the Secretary
of the Treasury to sell the Marine Hospital at
Evansville, Indiana) to Bernard Nurse, for the
sum of $1Q,000, that being the highest sum
offered at the time the same was exposed to
sale under advertisement dated February 13,
•1807, on condition that the building shall be
used only for hospital purposes.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The res-
olution should be modified so as to provide
that it shall be sold to the highest bidder.
Mr. NIBLACK. If the House will allow
me to make a brief explanation I think I can
satisfy them.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman allow me to move an amendment
that it shall only be sold to the highest bidder
on advertisement duly made?
Mr. NIBLACK. It has been put up for
sale, and there were two bids of the same
amount. My resolution proposes to give the
preference to the party who wants to keep it
as a hospital over the other party who wishes
to use it for his own private purposes.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. It ought
to be differently worded. I do not like it to
go in this way.
Mr. NIBLACK. I am acting under the
advice of the officer having charge of it.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I will
move as an amendment that it shall be sold to
tho highest bidder who proposes to keep it for
hospital purposes.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. _ I move to
amend the amendment by providing that it
shall not be sold at less than $10,001.
Mr. NIBLACK. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I accept
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
and my amendment will then read as follows:
Provided, That it shall bo sold to the highest bidder
who shali keep the same for hospital purposes; and
for tlfe sum of not less than $10,001.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to strike out the
words " who will keep the same for hospital
purposes."
The SPEAKER. The amendment is not in
order, as the main question has been ordered
to be now put.
The amendment of Mr. Stevens, of Penn-
sylvania, was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I want to know of the
gentleman from Indiana why the provision
should be kept in that it shall only be sold to
the highest bidder, who will keep it for hospi-
tal purposes?
Mr. SCIIENCK. This man wants to use it
for hospital purposes, while others want to use
it for manufacturing purposes. We desire that
the former shall have the preference at the
same price.
The joint resolution, as amended, was then
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. NIBLACK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
call op committees fob reports.
The SPEAKER stated the morning hour
had now commenced, and that committees
would be called for reports.
property lost in the military service.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported back Housejoint reso-
lution No. 22, declaring the meaning of the
second section of the act of tire 2d of March,
1861, relative to property lost in the military
service, with the recommendation that it do
pass. .
' The joint resolution provides that section
two of the act of Congress entitled "An act
to provide for the payment of the expenses
incurred by the Territories of Washington and
Oregon in the suppression of Indian"hostilities
therein in the years 1855 and 1856," approved
March 2, 1861, shall be so construed that
whenever any claimant for such property shall
comply with all the terms and conditions of
the act of March 3, 1849, on the subject of
property lost in the military service, he, she,
or they shall be paid the amount of the judg-
ment in his, her, or their favor entered by the
Third Auditor, and certified by him, as required
by the last-named act, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask for the reading
of the report of the Senate committee, which
will fully Explain this matter.
The report was read, as follows:
"Mr. Howard, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred a
joint resolution declaring tho meaning of the second
section of the act of the 2d of March, 18G1, relativo
to property lost in the military service, made the
following report:
" The only question appears tobe whether undertlie
fourth seotion of the act of March 3,1849, the Treas-
ury Department is authorized to pay the amounts
awarded for horses and other property lost; or in
other words, whether that scetion operates as an
appropriation of the money. The language of the
section is that 'when such judgments shall bo in
favor of such claim, the claimant or his legal repre-
sentative shall be entitled to the amount thereof
upon the production of a copy thereof certified by
said Auditor at the Treasury of the United States.'
The committee think the intention of Congress was
to appropriate in this general way any sum of money
necessary to satisfy those judgments or awards of tho
Third Auditor; still the language is not, as they
think, so precise and exact as should be employed
in an appropriation from the Treasury, and they are
by no means surprised that it has received a different
construction. They therefore report back the joint
resolution with amendments, and recommend its
passage."
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered to
bo read a third time; and it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
william m'garrihan.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
the memorial of William McGarrihan, relativo
to a claim to a certain land-grant known as
Ranclio Penoche Grande, in California, re-
ported back House bill No. 05, for his relief,
accompanied by a report, to which was ap-
pended certain documents, and moved that
the bill, report, and accompanying documents
be recommitted to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, also reported
from the same committee a joint resolution
relative to the Rancho Penoche Grande ; which
was read a first and second time.
The resolution directs the Secretary of the
Interior to withhold the issuing of any patent,
and to permit no proceeding in his Depart-
ment affecting the title to the tract of land
known as Rancho Penoche Grande, in the coun-
ties of Monterey and Fresno, in California,
until the claim thereto now pending in Con-
gress shall have been disposed of; and that no
title or claim to said land or any part thereof
shall be made or perfected, or any proceeding
for that purpose be taken under any existing
law, until the said claim now pending in Con-
gress shall have been disposed of.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the joint resolution
was passed; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
francis fernandez.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, from the same
committee, reported adversely on the petition
of Francis Fernandez, praying for a special act
of naturalization; and the same was laid on the
table.
