1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
867
have an opportunity. I will ask the House to
vote down the previous question so I may offer
the amendment.
Mr. ELDRIDG-E. I desire to ask whether
the gentleman from Ohio is prepared to make
a report on the subject which was referred to
him at the close of the last session ?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Yes, sir; I am.
This proposition, however, does not relate to
that subject. It relates to mileage only.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would like to know
also whether the gentleman has paid back into
the Treasury the extra compensation which he
received? [Laughter.]
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. No, sir; I have
not, and I do not intend to do so. Whatever
compensation is fixed by law I expect to re-
ceive, in common with other members. I
received no extra compensation; I rec.eived
the increased compensation allowed by the law
of the last Congress, as all other members did,
and that I suppose is what is meant by the
extra compensation. I did not refuse to receive
it, because my refusal, or even a refunding of
it to the Treasury, would not inure to the sole
benelit of the district I have the honor to rep-
resent. My district would in that event only
receive the benefit of the two hundred and
forty-second part of it; a mere infinitesimal
portion. All the districts would share alike
the benefit, and I do not propose that other
districts whose members take full pay shall
in addition enjoy the benefit of that which
the law declares me as the Representative of
my district entitled to have. 1 wish to apply
the same rule of law to all members of the
House, for in this way alone can justice be
done and a proper remedy be applied. I voted
against the increase of salary from a sense of
duty, and I am ready now to again demonstrate
my faith by my words. I shall do what my
judgment dictates to be right on this as I do
on all other subjects; and I hope this Con-
gress will have enough of dignity and self-re-
spect to treat this subject as they do all others;
that they will treat it with that decorum and
dignity which becomes the Representatives of
the people.
Mr. BOUTWELL. The committee, of course,
have had no session, and I do not feel at lib-
erty to go into a discussion on the subject of
mileage. The effect of the pending proposi-
tion is to allow members to receive their pay
monthly during the recess as well as during the
sessions of Congress.
Now, I hope the gentleman from Ohio will
be able to overcome his conscientious scruples,
if he has any, about receiving the extra pay.
[Laughter.]
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I wish to say
to the House and to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, that the amendment I have sub-
mitted does not relate to extra compensation
at all. I have not professed to have any special
conscientious scruples on that subject. On the
contrary, I have said whatever is voted by Con-
gress in the way of mileage sr compensation
that I will take.
But, Mr. Speaker, I wish to say a word on
this subject. During the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress my colleague [Mr. Sciiexck] reported
from the Military Committee a bill fixing the
mileage of certain military officers at ten cents
a mile; and in every law of Congress where
the subject of mileage is referred to, or allowed
for any purpose, it is fixed at ten cents a mile,_
or at a less rate, except only for members of
Congress. I know no reason why, with the
improved facilities for travel which we now
have, one rate of mileage should be allowed
for members of Congress and another rate for
other officers of the Government. The mileage
of the n umbers from California and Oregon,
at the present rate, will amount to $6,000 or
more for a Congress—for the entire term of
two years. T • • vc t
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I Wish to inquire if I
understood the gentleman from Ohio correctly,
that he wishes it to be understood he only
takes the extra compensation provided tor by
law and whatever mileage Congress sees fit to
grant, not because he desires the money, but
out of respect and in obedience to the law?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I said no such
thing. I will take it, however, because it is
fixed by law.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded.
'MifLAWRENCB, of Ohio, demanded the
yeas and nays on ordering the main question
to be now put.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The main question was ordered to be now
put.
The substitute was agreed to.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
My. BOUTWELL moved to amend the title
so that it would read "A joint resolution in
reference to the payment of salaries of mem-
bers of Congress.''
The amendment was Agreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote'by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
solicitor or the court of claims.
Mr. BOUTWELL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported back House bill No.
63, making the office of solicitor of the Court
of Claims a bureau in the office of the Attor-
ney General, and for other purposes, with the
following substitute:
Strike out all after tlio enacting elauso and insert
the following:
That from and after the 1st day of April, 1807,
there shall be established in the olliee ami under
the direction of the Attorney General of th© Lmt'Od
States, lor the time being, a bureau, to be called tUo
buicau of tLic solicitor ot the Cuuit ot Claims. Ihe
officers of said bureau shall consist of one solicitor
and two assistant solicitors, who shall bo in lieu of
the present solicitors, and shall discharge the duties
now imposed upon the solicitors of said court by force
of existing law, and shall be severally appointed by
the Court of Claims, and shall hold their ollico for
four years, unless sooner removed by said Court, ihe
solicitor shall receive an annual salary of $4,000;
thefirst assistant $3,500; the second assistant $3,000;
each payable quarterly. Tho Attorney General snail
havo power to appoint two clerks of the fourth class,
and one clerk at a salary not exceeding 32,000, in
said bureau. . „ , , , m. *-i. v n
2. A.ndbctt further enctctcd, Tiiat it shall also
be tho duty of the said solicitor and his assistants
in all eases brought against the United States msaid
Court ot Claims, tounded upon any contract, agree-
ment, or transaction, with any executive depart-
ment, or any bureau, officer, or agent oi such depart-
ment, or where the matter or thing on which the
claim is based shall have been passed upon and de-
cided by any department, bureau, or othoer intrusted
bv law or department regulations with the settle-
ment and adjustment of such claims, demands, or
accounts, to transmit to said department, bureau, or
officer, as aforesaid, a printed copy ot the petition
filed by the claimant in such ease, with a request
that the said department, bureau, or olUcer to whom
the same shall be so transmitted, as atoresaid, will
furnish to said solicitor all facts, circumstances, and
evidence touching said claim, as is or may be in the
possession or knowledge of tho said department,
bureau, or officer and it shall be the duty of the said
department, bureau, or officer to whom such petition
may be transmitted, and such request preferred, as
aforesaid, without delay, and within a, reasonable
time, to furnish said solicitor with a full statement
of all the facts, information, and proofs wnion are or
may be within the knowledge or in the possession ot
said department, bureau, or officer ®
claim aforesaid. Such statement shall also contain
a reference to or description of all official documeuta
or papers, if any. as may or do furnish pioot ol facts
referred to in said statement, or that'^ay be neces-
9irv and proper lor the defense of the Uniteaptates
asainTthe said claim, togetherwitht^^
ofiicc or place where the same is kept oi may be P^o
cured. And "if the saidclaim Aalljave b^n passed
upon which
In all cases
to said solicitor, u*. -------- • • i
einctly state tho reasons and punciple.
^eS'decSonshaaU h«e f upon anj
department or bureau transmitting such statement,
departm feo ^ ?0Ith ?ucciuctly
the same sha
™™T™d~acopyof tho opinion filed, it any smjii
he ann" ed to sueh statement and transmitted with
the same to tho solicitor nloresaid. And where any
ddcisio™ in the case shall have boon based upon any
regulation of an executive department.,or where
such regulation shall or may, in the opinion of the
department, bureau, or officer transmitting such
statement, have any bearing upon the claim in suit,
the same shall be distinctly referred to, and Quoted
in extenso in the statement transmitted to said soli-
citor: Provided, however, That where there shall bo
pending in the said court more than one case, or a
class of cases, the defense to which shall rest upon
the same facts, circumstances, and proofs, the said
department, bureau, or officer shall only be reQuirr- J
to certify and transmit one statement of the saint,
and such statement shall be held to apply to ail
such class of cases as if made out, certified, and
transmitted in each case respectively.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it shall and
may be lawful for the head of any executive depart-
ment, whenever any claim is made upon said Depart-
ment involving disputed facts or controverted ques-
tions of law where tho amount in controversy exceeds
$3,000, or whore the decision will affoct a class of
cases or furnish a precedent for the future action of
any executive department in the adjustment of a
class of cases without regard to tho amount involved
in tho particular case, or where any authority, right,
privilege, or exemption is claimed or denied under
tho Constitution of the United States, to cause such
claim, with all tho vouchers, papers, proofs, and doc-
uments pertaining: thereto, to be transmitted to the
Court of Claims, and the same shall be there pro-
ceeded in as if originally commenced by the volun-
tary action of tho claimant: Provided, however, lhat
no case shall be referred by any head of a Depart-
ment unless it belongs to one of the several classes
of cases as to which, by reason of the subject-matter
and character, the said Court of Claims might under
existing laws take jurisdiction on such voluntary
action of tho claimant. And the Secretary of the
Treasury may, upon the certificate of any Auditor or
Comptroller of the Treasury, direct any account,
matter, or claim of the character, amount, or class
described or limited in thissection.to be transmitted,
with all the vouchers, papers, documents, and proofs
pertaining thereto, to the said Court 0f Claims lor
trial and adjudication. And all the cases mentioned
in this section which shall be transmitted by the head
of any executive department, or upon the certificate
of any Auditor or Comptroller, shall be proceeded in
as other cases pending in said court, and shall, in all
respects, be subject to the samo rules and regulations,
and appeals from tho final judgment# or decrees ot
the said court therein to tho Supreme Court ot the
United States shall bo allowed in the manner now
provided by law. Tho amount of tho final judgments
or decrees in such cases so transmitted to saicl court,
where rendered in favor of the claimants, shall m nil
eases bo paid out of any specific appropriation appli-
cable to the same,if any such there be: and where
no such appropriation exists, the same shall be paid
in the same manner as other judgments of said court.
Sec. 4. And be it further cnacted, lhat all provis-
ions of any aet incompatible herewith be, and tho
same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Unless there is a desire
to debate this bill I will call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BROOKS. With tha permission of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, before making
the point of order that I intend to make, i
suggest that as the bill is a pretty long one, and
much of it is in manuscript, it had better be
postponed and printed. I do not think ten
gentlemen in the House understand its provis-
ions. Some of them I notice are pretty im-
portant. It creates, I believe, four officers.
Xt provides salaries of $4,000, $",*>00, $3,000,
and $2,000. I suggest, therefore, that, it be
postponed for a flay or two, so as to have it
printed. If that is not allowed, I must make
the point of order that it makes an appropria-
tion and should go to the Committee of the
Whole.
The SPEAKER. Tho bill does not contain
an appropriation.
Mr. BROOKS. I think there is an appro-
priation in some of the concluding clauses.
The SPEAKER. The Chair examined the
bill while the gentleman was speaking.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 wish the Clerk would
l*0£tcl it
The SPEAKER. The creation of an office
and fixing its salary is not an appropriation.
Mr. BROOKS. I know it is not, but it pro-
vides an appropriation.
The SPEAKER. It reads "shall in all
cases be paid out of any specific appropria-
tion applicable to the same, if any such there
be; and where no such appropriation exists,
the same shall be paid in the same manner as
other judgments of said court. There is no
appropriation; it does not take any money out
of the Treasury. .
Mr. BROOKS. How are the.se judgments
to be paid?
The SPEAKER. They are paid out ot^tlie
appropriations made from time to time. The
