1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
371
be due to these Indians there will be nothing to
reinvest.
Mr. ALLISON.' There is one other thing
which I wish to understand. I ses there is a
provision that if the Secretary of the Interior
does notapprove of the awards made by the
commissio'ners sent among these tribes, then
it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the In-
terior or of the President of the United States
to appoint other commissioners, who shall go
there and take_ testimony, and ■ make new
awards. I submit to the gentleman, if the Sec-
retary of the Interior shall see proper to refuse
to pay a single award made by tnat commis-
sion, the whole question will then again be
opened up for consideration. Then new com-
missioners will be appointed who may award
millions. I think it bears that interpretation.
It authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to
select new commissioners, who may make
whatever awards they please, and authorizes
hiui to sell whatever bonds may be necessary
to pay such awards.
Mr. WINDOM. I do not think it bears any
such interpretation. It authorize him to
select enough of bonds to pay the claims which
may be found to bo due. I do not think the
Secretary would refuse to confirm an award for
$300,000 as to'o much and afterward confirm
one for $500,000.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not know about that.
Mr. BALDWIN. I shall occupy the time of
the House but for a few minutes. Mr. Speaker,
I have paid some attention to the subject-mat-
ter of this bill, and what I have learned has
created a desire to know more. I am fully
persuaded, however, that it needs a most
searching investigation before we take any
action on the bill. As I understand, the awards
are not yet made, and therefore why should we
sell the bonds until we know what ought to be
paid? Why may not wo make these claimants
wait until the money shall be invested in the
bonds ? "VVhy sell the bonds or make provision
for selling the bonds now? I am sure this
matter needs a thorough investigation, and that
instead of being passed, the bill should be
ordered to be referred to the Committee of
Claims for future investigation.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. _ I wish
to ask a question. From the discussion thus
far it would seem no one but Indians are inter-
ested in this bill. I believe there are some
white men interested in it.
Mr. WINDOM. So far as I am aware there
are none but Indians.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. ftAs I
understand the case there are certain white
men interested in this matter, and I presume
if you go to the bottom of this thing it will be
found it is for the benefit of white men, who are
pressing this bill through. I perceive that it
reads " to enable the Secretary of the Interior
to pay the claims of certain Choctaw and Chick-
asaw Indians and other loyal persons." _ It is
evident that somebody but Indians are inter-
ested.
Mr. WINDOM. There may be some white
men among them that are interested.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I want
to know something about it before I vote upon
it. I hope it will be referred to the com-
mittee.
Mr. BOUT WELL. I think I can give some
information in regard to the white men. If
the gentleman will look at the fifth article of
the treaty he will find that there are two per-
sons named in that article as having claims
against the Indians, namely, Joseph P. Heald
and Reuben Wright- Perhaps the claims
named in the treaty amount to $90,000.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. They
may be honorable and honest men; but this
matter Should be investigated.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I want to say, especially
to the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Wash-
burn,] that Mr. Heald is a person whom I
know very well. lie lives in my own neigh-
borhood, and is a very upright man. He left
the Indian country when the war opened. 1 hey
took pc ssession of his flouring-mill ana goods,
and used them for their own purposes in aid
of the rebellion. He stayed away till the close
of the war, and then went back there. He in-
terested himself, as a man naturally would who
has lost a large estate, in getting this article
iu the treaty, and I believe he is entitled to the
.money. *
Mr. WASHBUKN, of Wisconsin. All I
wish to say is: I think this ought to go to the
appropriate committee, and my friend, I think,
will agree with me iu that.
Mr. WINDOM. I will take but very little
more of the time of the House on this ques-
tion. If the House desire to refer it to the
committee and let it lie over I have certainly
no objection, only that the Indians have suf-
fered very much and they need this money.
It-is due to them under treaty stipulation.
They are our friends and were such during the
dark hours of the Government, and it is a very
great hardship upon them to be refused the pay
that is due them.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Baldwin] asks why sell these bonds now? I
tell him because these Indians were driven
from their homes and everything was taken
from them. They are ill a suffering condition;
our treaty stipulation gives them a certain
amount of money, and they ask that their dis-
loyal persecutors shall be compelled to pay
that money to them.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask the gentleman to yield.
I desire to vote right on this question. I know
one of the gentlemen on this commission, and
know him to be a very high-minded, honest
gentleman. But I would like to have the
chairman of the former Committee on Indian
Affairs to give a reason, so that the House may
understand it fairly, why these people should
not be heard before the committee. 1 ask the
gentleman to allow the remonstrance which I
hold in my hand to be read for information.
Mr. WINDOM. I have no objection-, I
want all the information on the subject I can
get.
The Clerk read as follows:
Statement of the Choctaw delegation, showing that
the claims provided to bo paid by Senate joint res-
olution No. 177 and House joint resolution No.
2US, are not loyal, but rebel, &c.
To tile Senators and Representatives of the UnitedStates :
We, the undersigned, delegates of the Choctaw
nation, do respectfully protest against the passage
of either Senate joint, resolution No. 177 or House
joint resolution N o. 298, both of which " provide for
the payment of certain losses sustained by loyal
Choctaw anil Chickasaw Indians;" and for the fol-
lowing reasons: *
]. That three fourths of the so-called loyal claims
are those of persons who can be proven to have been
rebels, the majority of them having served in-the
rebel army.
2. That although the loyal of our nation, ourselves
included, have suffered severe losses by the rebellion,
in no case do we know of a single just claim for dam-
ages preferred bv a thoroughly loyal man.
3. That bya treaty concluded last year between the
United States and the Choctaw and Chickasaw na-
tions, the Secretary of the Interior was invested with
the power to pay these claims if proven on testimony
to bo those of loyal persons.
4. That the Secretary of the Interior has refused to
authorize the payment of the awards to the claim-
ants. „ . . ,,
5. That the claims, even if just, are many of them
fictitious, and if not fictitious, are at least three or
four times in excess of damages sustained.
6. That if the resolution pass, the moneys paid m
award of claims will,mostly accrue to speculators,
who, at a small valuation, have bought up the greater
portion ot the claims.
In support of our reasons we would refer you to an
argument drawn up in our behalf by J. 11. Ji. -La-
trobe, esq., and presented by him to the Secretary of
the Interior, and if personal pioof be required ot us
we aro l eady to furnish it whenever required.
"We may well*ask if it is not strange that joint reso-
lutions the same in effect and purpose should be pre-
sented at the same time in the benate and House.
For ourselves and the people we represent, we de-
nounce them as links in a vast chain of schemes con-
coctedby desperate men fortbeioboeryof our nation.
Not only believing, but knowing toe claims to be a
frnud upon the. Government, as well as upon the
Choctaw and Chickasaw nations, we earnestly ask the
defeat of the joint resolutions re: p rp|^cnI*vNK
ISRAEL >'ULSOM.'
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will say that my only object is this: if
these things fire true, as alleged by the chiefs
of the nation, then these claims should not be
paid. And if the gentleman does not know
of their falsity, then that is a good reason why
this bill should at least be referred to a com-
mittee.
Mr. WINDOM. If the House will bear with
me for three or five minutes, I will make" a
statement, and then if they desire to refer this
bill they can do so.
I will say to the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Logan] that the certificate of Governor
Pitchlynn in reference to loyalty would go just
about as far with me as the certificate of Jeff.
Davis for the same purpose. Jeff. Davis was
once president of what was known as the south-
ern conl'ederacy. This Pitchlynn was governor
of one of those nations during the rebellion,
and I believe was himself a rebel like Jetf.
Davis. Yet he comes before this House to
certify that these are not. loyal Indians who
make these claims. I think that the report of
the committees shows conclusively that the com-
mission could not sit in the heart of this Indian
country, for the reason that these disloyal In-
dians were so determined to prevent proof
being taken under this treaty that it was dan-
gerous for any loyal Indian to make his claim
before the commission.
Now, a Single word further in reference to
the manner in which these Indians were treated.
I will read from the testimony of one of them,
as a sample of the testimony of a great many
of them, showing the treatment these loyal
persons received at the hands of the disloyal.
Yet these disloyal persons are here to-day
whispering in the ears of members of Con-
gress that these claims are dishonest and should
not be paid. Every gentleman who allows him-
self to be misled by any such statements, and
votes against this bill, will put himself upon
the side of these disloyal persecutors of loyal
Indians. I will read the evidence of one of
the witnesses, and then the House can dispose
of the matter as they shall see fit:
" Sha-lo-ye,an Indian woman, tells the tale of their
terrible suffeiing in her testimony, as follows: she
'was one of tho loyal Indians driven from the nation
in 18S1 by rebel Choctaws and Chickasaws; there
wero a greatmanystarted; wewere verybadlyseared
because they had run in among us and tied our men
because they were friendly to the United States. If
wc had not joined in with tho UnitedStates t.lie rebels
would not have troubled us. We left everything
when they tied our men; we left our homes in agreat
hurry; many of us had nottime to got our ponies and
walked,old and young; many of us had no shoes; tied
rags around our feet. We hoard the northern Army
was coming, and started to meet it for protection.
The rebel Indians followed us and fought us as soon
as we started; they tied and whipped two men be-
cause they were friendly with the United States.
They fought us four times; the fourth time they scat-
tered us and took a great many of our people back;
two wore killed, twenty-six wero captured by the
rebels in tho last fight. A great many little children
wero frozen to death in their mother's arms; one
woman froze to death; many grown people wore
frosted; some of them lost their feet; they could bo
tracked in the snow by tho blood from their feet;
many of our people died from starvation; I was five
days without anything to eat. We got to Kansas
after Christmas; it was very cold, snow very deep.
A great many died after wo got to Kansas from their
sufferings during this trip."
The sufferings of these Indians, thus driven
out from their homes, were almost intolerable.
They were matters of public record at the time,
and are not exaggerated by the witness in the
statement which i have read.
Now, when this treaty was made, condoning
the past offenses of these rebels, they agreed
to pay for the damages they had inflicted. This
bill proposes the same thing. I feel no par-
ticular interest in it, further than that I desire
to see the stipulations of the treaty carried out.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I would ask the
gentleman if this matter has not been ■fully
investigated by a committee of the Senate ?
Mr. WINDOM. It has been; and it was
also investigated in tho last session of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress by the Committee on
Indian Affairs of the House of Representa-
tives. We believed it to be a thoroughly just
and proper claim. However if the House
desire to refer the bill they can do so ; but in
doing so they will postpone the payment (if
these claims for probably six or eight months,
and in the mean time these Indians will starve.
I now call the previous question.
The qftestion was taken upon seconding the
