1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
37^
was read twice, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It proposes to transfer the
sum of $50,000 from the funds in charge of
the Commissioner of the Bureau of Freedmen,
Refugees, and Abandoned Lands, and placed
to the credit of the Department of Agricul-
ture, and provides that that sum shall be- used
under the direction of the Commissioner of
Agriculture for the purchase of seeds of im-
proved^ varieties of vegetables and cereals and
their distribution -in the southern States.
Mr. CAMERON. I understand from the
Commissioner of the Department of Agricul-
ture that this is entirely acceptable to the
Freedmen's Bureau. The money is there.
This is undoubtedly the best mode of helping
the people of the South, by assisting them in
their agricultural pursuits. I hope the reso-
lution will be adopted.
Mr. CATTELL. I hope that the resolution
which now comes from the Committee on Ag-
riculture, with the unanimous indorsement of
that committee, will be passed by the Senate.
It is a simple proposition to expend $50,000
of the money which has already been appro-
priated, and is in the hands of the Commis-
sioner of the Freedmen's Bureau, for the pur-
chase and distribution of vegetable and cereal
seeds to the people of the southern States. I
do not think the money could be expended in
any form that would be so advantageous to the
people of the South as to supply them with
improved varieties of seeds iu the present
languishing condition of their agriculture. The
Commissioner of Agriculture informs me that
he is in the receipt of letters amounting to from
two hundred and fifty to five hundred per day,
a large portion of which come from the South,
begging for donations of vegetable and cereal
seeds. As the sum named in this- resolution
will go very far toward supplying that demand,
and as it requires no new appropriation what-
ever, and is only taken from the fund already
appropriated for the benefit of the southern
people, I sincerely trust that the resolution
will meet with the unanimous approval of the
Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let me ask
my friend, the Senator from New Jersey, if it
is not too late to supply these seeds for the
present year's use? It strikes me it is too late.
Mr. CATTELL. In answer to the inquiry
of the gentleman from Vermont, I will say
that it is yet time for a very large number of
the seeds and for many of the cereals for plant-
ing. Of course in some of the southern States
for the earlier descriptions of vegetables it is
late, and yet the distribution of such seeds
as are now in season will be of very great ad-
vantage to the South. I do not propose to
detain the Senate by any lengthened remarks
on this question; but I hold in my hand a
letter, an extract or two from which I should
like to read, simply as showing the anxiety on
the part of the South, and their destitution in
regard to this very important subject. It is a
letter addressed to the Commissioner of Agri-
culture by a most excellent and worthy lady
residing in North Carolina, who has been the
instrument of doing very much good in her
locality, a member of the society of Friends.
An extract or two from this letter will illus-
trate my point. She writes :
" I have a record of one hundred and ten families
suiipii ed with a liberal assortment of the seeds, and
olten I was too much burdened to enter the names
of others who were furnished. Old men, feeble wo-
men, and little children, white and colored, have
walked miles to procure a supply. I have taken
pains in a prudent manner to impress on the minds
of the people that these are sent gratis by our Gov:
eminent for our relief and encouragement." a- *
* "Before I wrote to thee on the subject of
corn, one poor man came thirty miles to inquire if
there was any 'chanty corn' deposited at any point
on the .railroad.''
E only give these two extracts of this letter
as an illustration of how badly these things are
needed iu the southern country. I do not
think the amount named here could be better
expended in any earthly way than in the dis-
tribution of seeds ill that country. I will only
say, and I believe the chairman of tho Com-
mittee on Agriculture will concur with me,
that this resolution met the unanimous appro-
bation of the committee,-is indorsed by the
Agricultural Department, and if it shall be
passed, the money will at once be put to use.
Mr. FRELINGHU YSEN. I was not aware
that this resolution was to be offered; but a
few days ago, in conversation with General
Howard, he expressed to me the importance
of this measure, and what a great relief it
would be to the South, and also stated that,
although it was late, it was not too late for a
contribution of seeds to the South to be of
great service to the country.
Mr. POMEROY. I would not throw any
obstacle in the way of the passage of this res-
olution ; but $50,000 seems like a very small
amount for supplying sgeds to such a destitute
portion of thecountry. I do not know whether
they have any funds on hand that could be ap-
plied to this purpose; but I know that this is
a very small amount for the purpose contem-
plated. I was once in a situation myself where
I had to distribute $50,000 worth to a mere
Territory, which amount was very generously
contributed by the State of New York, and al-
though it did good immeasurable, still $50,000
was a small supply even for that people; and
to think of undertaking to <*o this with $50,000
for the whole South looks to me like only a
drop in the bucket.
Mr. CATTELL. I reply to the Senator from
Kansas that doubtless it is a small sum, but
even $50,000 will do a very great deal of good,
and the Committee on Agriculture did not feel
disposed to ask for a very large sum. I am
thankful to my colleague from New Jersey for
mentioning General Howard's name and his
commendation of the purpose of this resolution.
Yesterday General Howard sent a gentleman
from the South to the Commissioner of Agri-
culture with a letter urging him to supply him
for himself and his neighbors with the neces-
sary seeds, particularly of the vegetables. The
Commissioner informs me, and also was com-
pelled to inform the gentleman, that the stock
was already about exhausted, and that ho_ was
able to do but very little for him. While I
thank tho Senator from Kansas for his hearty
cooperation in this measure, I would rather
not risk the failure of its passage in the other
House by asking for a larger sum. I shall
therefore be glad to have the resolution passed
as it stands.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to know
whether General Howard approves of this di-
version of the fund. If so, I have no objection
to the resolution.
Mr. CAMERON. I will reply to^ the Sena-
tor from Minnesota that the Commissioner of
Agriculture told me it was entirely agreeable
to the Freedmen's Bureau. This is one of
those questions which F did not think it was
necessary to say a word about. It appeals at
once not only to the heart but the judgment
of every man of intelligence. To give these
people the means of work is extending much
better charity than giving money. Fifty thou-
sand dollars expended in tho distribution of
seeds will be a great deal better than §1,000,000
sent down there to be distributed in charities.
It will stimulate men to work, and make them
feel proud of their own exertions. The reso-
lution takes no money from the Treasury; it
merely transfers this sum from what has already
been appropriated. I think it is hardly neces-
sary to utter a word on the subject.
Mr. FOWLER. This amount, small as it
is, will bo of great advantage, I know. I he
recent terrible floods in a portion of my State
have deprived the people of the opportunity
of getting a crop unless they get_ some aid m
this way. Small as tho sum is, it will be of
very great advantage, and it will be much bet-
ter expended in this way than if expended m
provisions. „ ,,
Mr. MORTON". I am a member or the
Committee on Agriculture that reported this
resolution. I believe that the expenditure 01
$60,000 in sending seeds and plants to the
southern people will do them more good than
the expenditure of $1,000,000 in buying and
sending them food. It will enable them to
raise their own provision.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, .read the third
time, and passed.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES. •
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 9V) supplementary to the act
to incorporate The Newsboys' Home, and pro-
viding for the relief of certain minor children
in the District of Columbia, have instructed
me to report it back without amendment, and
recommend its passage.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that that bill will be
put on its passage now.
Mr. CONNBSS. I should like to hear it
read first.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. CONNESS and Mr. JOHNSON ob-
jected to its consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it goes over under the rule.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask whether ojie objec-
tion carries it over ?
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. Certainly,
on the day on which it is reported.
Mr. SUMNER. After it has been read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It was read for informa-
tion.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred a petition of
citizens of Louisiana, praying for aid in the
rebuilding aud repairing of the broken and
dilapidated levees of the Mississippi river, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
11G) to guaranty the payment of certain
bonds to be issued under the authority of the
Government of the State of Louisiana for the
purpose of building and repairing levees in
said State. Tho bill and report were ordered
to be printed, and on motion of Mr. Hender-
son', were recommitted to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 10G) fixing the time at which the act
to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States, approved March
2, 1867, shall go into effect, reported adversely
thereon.
Mr. SPRAGUE, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 44) directing an examin-
ation and estimate to be made of the cost of
reconstructing the levees of the Mississippi
river, reported it without amendment.
KKMOVAL OF INDIAN TRIBES.
Mr. THAYER. I am instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs, to whom was
referred the joint resolution (S. R. No. 47) in
relation to the removal of Indian tribes, to
report it back without amendment, and I ask
for its present consideration. It will take but
a few moments.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution, which provides that
it shall not be lawful to remove or to relocate
any Indian tribe not specifically authorized by
law or treaty stipulation, and no public money
or fund held in trust for Indians is to be used
for the removal of any Indian tribe from one
location to another unless specifically appro-
priated by law for that purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. The resolution strikes
me from its reading as a very good one; but
it is a very strange state of affairs that such a.
law is necessary. It simply says that unless a
law authorizes the Indians to be removed it
shall not be done. If there is any necessity
for the passage of such a resolution it cer-
tainly ought to be passed. I notice that it is
stated in the newspapers that a gentleman
whom we have rejected as commissioner of
Indian Affairs is now in the western country
making treaties with a great number of Indian
tribes, which are to be seut here and acted
