378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
now in taking them home or not. Some of it
is expense incurred by reason of the sickness
of two of the chiefs, who I beliete have died
since they left home.
Another item is for the Sioux of the Upper
Missouri. The papers here explain that. Ibere
was no absolute authority of law for bringing
them here; but they have been brought here,
and a treaty has been perfected with them,
which in all probability is a good treaty.
Now, in regard to the Chippewas of the
Mississippi, an appropriation of $10,000 was
asked. I desired the agent to itemize the
accounts of every Indian who was brought
here from the point of starting to Washington
city, and what it would cost to take him back,
each hotel bill, each item of railroad faro, and
so on, so that I could begin to ascertain the
correctness of the various items. I have ex-
amined the matter carefully. The agent pre-
sented the items, and on investigating them
I find the amount to be $6,000 instead of
$10,000, which was asked for, and so we have
put the appropriation at $6,000. The Chip-
pewas of the Mississippi are also in the State
of Minnesota; and the Senator who offered the
original bill, and who represents that State in
part, will be able to explain to the Senate why
that appropriation should be made.
The Committee on Indian Affairs are not
responsible for these appropriations. They
are rendered necessary in consequence of the
Indians having been brought to this city to
make treaties. It is for the Senate to deter-
mine whether it will violently break off this
system now by refusing this appropriation, and
thereby giving a hard lesson for the future,
because it will be a terrible lesson. I do not
know how the Indians are to got back, or
whether you will make this appropriation, and
provide for breaking up the system in the
future, which must be broken up, and which
the Committee on Indian Affairs is determined
to break up so far as possible. We passed a
resolution this morning that will go very far
toward curtailing expenses of this character
by saying that the department shall not remove
an Indian Iribe anywhere without first consult-
ing with Congress.
Air. WILLJAMS. I should like to inquire
whose money has been expended in trans-
porting these Indians here? Has it been
money belonging to private individuals or pub-
lic money?
Mr. HENDERSON. The expenses in a
great many cases have not been paid at all.
The larger portion of them remain unpaid.
The accounts, as I understand, have been
kept, but they are yet to be paid.
Mr. WILLI A M.S. Were not vouchers pro-
duced for these bills?
Mr. HENDERSON. Not at all.
Mr. ltAMSEY. In their settlement under
the appropriation of course vouchers will be
produced.
Mr, HENDERSON. I presume in the set-
tlement all that will be attended to. I have
stated all the facts I know in reference to the
matter.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend the
amendment by adding to it:
And all laws allowing the Prosidont or tho Secre-
tary of the Interior or tho Commissioner of Indian
Affairs to enter into treaties with any Indian tribes
are hereby lepealed, and no treaty shall heieafter
bo mside with any tribe until an appropriation au-
thorizing such treaty shall be made by law.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator from Missouri,
the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, has referred the Senate to me for an
explanation of one of these items, the appro-
priation. for the Sioux of Lake Traverse, just
over the boundary line of Minnesota, in the
Territory of Dakota. Before going into that
item, however, I must say that 1 fear, from the
apologetic speech of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, it may be supposed
that there was some great wrong in all this.
Why, Mr. President, from the earliest times it
has been the practice of the Indian department
to call the Indian chiefs here, instead of sending
commissioners to their own locality, to make
treaties with them. There is nothing wrong in
that; there is great economy in it. If you had
sent out delegates^ escorted by troops, to
either of these localities, to Kansas, to Lake
Traverse, to the Upper Missouri, or to the
Upper Mississippi, it would have cost the Gov-
ernment twice what the expense of making the
treaty in this case amounted to. By one of
these treaties, that with the Chippewas of the
Mississippi, the Government, in the trade, has
effected a gain of several million dollars. Dele-
gations have been here representing some five
or six or probably eight thousand Indians.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does the Senator say we
have got the advantage in making a treaty with
the Indians?
Mr. RAMSEY. I really think the advantage
is about as great as I have stated.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then it is a cruel outrage
on the Indians.
Mr. RAMSEY. They are willing to make
the arrangement, and desire to make it, never-
theless ; but the Government has that advan-
tage. It, is now proposed to appropriate be-
tween fifty and sixty thousand dollars, which
gentlemen appear to regard as an enormous
sum, for bringing together the representatives
of eight or ten thousand Indians of various
tribes in different parts of the country. It
seems to me that it is not very startling. It
has been done time and again without any
attention being called to it. it is really a great
stroke of economy on the part of the Indian
department to bring tho chiefs here to make
treaties. There is no novelty in it, and there
is no occasion ftrany apology in the premises.
It was a very proper thing and a very econom-
ical thing. Now, so far as regards the particu-
lar item of $15,000 expenditure for bringing
here the chiefs and head men of the Lake Tra-
verse tribe of Sioux Indians, I will say that this
body of Sioux were friendly to the whites in the
great massacre in 1862. There are some fifteen
hundred or two thousand of them. They threw
themselves between the hostile Indians and tho
whites, and no doubt saved many lives. It is
within the recollection of the Senate that in
that massacre, in the period of about ten days,
eight hundred men, women, and children were
slaughtered by the hostile Sioux.
These men withdrew from the body of the
tribe, and, so far as they could, interposed
their protection against the further massacre
of our people. They withdrew to the plains
of Dakota. The annuities of the whole body
of the Sioux, tho lower and the upper Sioux,
the Sissetons, the Wahpaton, tho Medawakan-
ton, and Wahpakoota bands of Sioux were
confiscated by the Government by an act of
February or March, 1863, and the hostile
Sioux were removed by the Government down
on to the Missouri, somewhere about the
mouth of the Niobrara. Notwithstanding this
confiscation, the Government found it was ne-
cessary to support them to some extent, and
they have from that time to this been in the
habit of making an annual appropriation of
about one hundred thousand dollars for their
support. But these friendly Sioux, these men
who, because of their protection to the white
settlers at that time, have made themselves
objects of hostility to the other Sioux, have
remained without any annuities, any attention,
or any care on the part of the Government
through all these years. Now, the authorities
of the State of Minnesota, the Governor, the
Legislature, and the people generally, thought
this was doing these friendly Indians a great
wrong, and they asked the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs to make a treaty with them in
recognition of their kindness and their great
service, and to gwke some provision for them
for the future.
Again, there is a great deal of travel and
transportation through northern Dakota and
Minnesota to Montana, a region that is improv-
ing very rapidly. Over that country emigrant
parties pass every year. With a view to giving
them protection it has been thought advisable to
call in the assistance of this body of Indians, to
make them still more friendly, and call them
in to the support of the Government. We
have selected from among them a most efficient
and valuable body of scouts for the protection
of travelers. All these motives influenced the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs to call these
Indians here to make a treaty, and I say that
if a commission had been sent out by our Gov-
ernment to the Indian country to make treaty
it would have cost two or three times as much
as is asked fer here. In regard to the Chippe-
was of the Mississippi I think they have paid
very well for all we appropriate in the large
body of lands we get; but the item of $6,000
for them is hardly worth talking about.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This amendment
is in substance the bill of the Senator from
Minnesota which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. There was no ex-
planation accompanying the bill which seemed
to justify an examination of it by that commit-
tee. We were not aware of the act of 1863
referred to, which it is said in some sense jus-
tifies what has been done in this case, if justifi-
cation were necessary. The honorable Senator
from Minnesota says that has been the custom
time out of mind. I do not know how that is.
All I mean to say is that the committee had
no data from which they could act on this
question. It seemed a proper subject, there-
fore, in their judgment to go to the Committee
on Indian Affairs. They accordingly reported
the bill back, asking to be discharged from its
further consideration and that it bo sent to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Now, I confess, independent of any custom
or usage on this subject, of which I know
nothing, that something of this kind would
seem to have been contemplated by the pro-
vision of the appropriation bill of 1863 which
has been alluded to. It seems to have been
contemplated by that provision that the Presi-
dent of the United States should open treaty
negotiations with the Kansas tribes with a view
to their removal to some other country. This
expense is incurred, it is said, in pursuance
of tho provisions of that act. If that is so,
then there would seem to be some obligation
on the part of the Government to make the
appropriation necessary to meet the actual ex-
penses ; but again, on that subject the Com-
mittee on Appropriations had no sort of data
from which they, could judge as to what was
proper in the premises, and I have no opinion
now upon that subject. I understand the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri, the chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs, to have a
large bundle of papers here, estimates, &c.
I understand him to say that the appropriation
proposed is much less than the exhibit of ex-
penses said to have been incurred. This I
believe is the foundation of the application.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only effect of the
amendment I have offered is to restore the law
to what it was prior to 1861. Prior to that
time it was the custom to authorize by law the
making of treaties with tribes of Indians where
it was deemed necessary. Amendments were
offered to the Indian appropriation bills au-
thorizing treaties to be made with the Sioux
Indians of the Mississippi or any other tribe,
and appropriating a certain sum for the ex-
penses of the negotiation; but of late, under
an amendment to the Indian appropriation
bill in 1863, it seems that general authority
was given to make treaty arrangements with
perhaps a great variety of tribes, and there
are^ other provisions of law besides the one
which has heen referred to on that subject.
I think now that, the war is over that wa
ought to fall back on the original practice,
and. not allow any treaty to be made with the
Indian tribes unless the necessity for it be sub-
mitted to Congress and an appropriation be
made in advance for the purpose of allowing it
to be concluded. There will be no practical
difficulty in the way of such a course of pro-
ceeding. I hope in a year or two to see tho
whole system of treaties with Indian tribes
abolished, but while it stands we ought at
least to fall back on the original practice of the
Government, which is to allow treaties to be
