1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Z79
made with Indian tribes only after the neces-
sity for them has been submitted to- Congress
and an appropriation made for the purpose.
As the law stands, our officers have almost
unlimited authority to contract expense under
their general power to make treaties with In-
dian tribes.^ As a matter of course we cannot
restrain this expenditure ; we cannot prevent
them from bringing a whole tribe to Washing-
ton or any other portion ofthe country, having
gi ven them a general authority to make treaties
with the Indians.
Mr. HOWE. When did we give any such
general Authority ?
Mr. SHERMAN. One act in 1863 gives the
authority, and there are other laws passed in
18G1 and in 1862 giving some authority, as I
am informed, to make treaties with many of the
tribes.
Mr. HOWE. Does the law give the officers
authority to spend a dollar in making a treaty ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Itgives authorityto make
a treaty, and if a treaty was ever made with
Indians without spending money it would be
an anomaly. They generally make the Indians
drunk in the first plaqe, and it costs something
for the whisky, and then we furnish them with
tobacco and feed them for a while.
Mr. HOWE. Does the statute direct the
President of the United States to make the
Indians drunk?
Mr. SHERMAN. The statute authorizes
the President to make treaties with the Indians,
and any man living in the West ought to know
how they are made. But it seems that in one
of these cases the Senator from Minnesota
congratulates the country over the fact that
we have cheated the Indians to the extent of
several millions.
Mr.RAMSEY. No; there was no cheating
about it; they made the bargain willingly.
Mr. SHERMAN. I say that when we are
treating with Indians who cannot understand
our language, who cannot read and write, who
are brought here under our influence away
from their tribes, particular men selected with
whom we treat, it is certainly cheating when
we get the advantage of them several million
dollars.
Mr. RxVMSEY. The Senator will allow me
to say to him that, the Chippewas of the Mis-
sissippi, of whom I spoke, have among then-
number men as shrewd at a bargain as any
man in the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will tell you how we
get rid of such men, and the Senator from
Iowa [Mr. Harlan] knows it. We bribe them;
we call them chiefs ; we authorize them to wear
feathers, we give them two sections of land,
and perhaps $5,000. We provide liberally for
the chiefs who make the treaty, we bribe them,
and then we get the bulk of the land of the
tribe at whatever price we choose to give them.
This is somewhat unpleasant to talk about, but
I think we ought to go back to the old practice
of the Government, which required some show-
ing to be made before an Indian treaty was au-
thorized. That is the object of my amend-
ment.
Mr. RAMSEY. I agree with the Senator
from Ohio that we ought to abandon the treaty-
making system and provide for occupying the
Indian lands under the authority of acts of
Congress whenever we desire thorn, making
the best arrangement for the benefit of the
Indians we can. But, sir, the Senator is
greatly mistaken in regard to his idea that
Indians are made drunk in order to agree to
a treaty. I have been present as a party to
several negotiations with Indian tribes, and I
never knew of such a thing. I do not believe
that in the whole time these Indians have been
negotiating with the Government here they
bave been drunk. I know that the leading
men of many of these tribes do not drink at
all. It is entirely wrong to undertake here in
the Senate to gif e an impression of that kind
to the country. There may have been such
instances perhaps in the past history of the
Government; but certainly during the last ten
or fifteen yours it his not occurred. I he In-
dians of many of the tribes are notoriously as
temperate as white men, especially their chiefs.
When they make these treaties they are as
sober as Senators are when they consider them
afterward.
Mr.POMEROY. It seems tometobeevident
that the Senator from Ohio never made any trea-
ties with Indians if he imagines that they are
made drunk in order to effect a treaty. J. know
an Indian is generally very fond of whisky; but
the moment you give him any whisky you can-
not make a-treaty with him. I have been pres-
ent when treaties were made, and I have seen
efforts made to get them to do business when
they had been drinking, and so far as my ob-
servation goes when an Indian has been drink-
ing he cannot do anything, but lies perfectly
still. You cannot make a treaty with an In-
dian under those circumstances. He will not
treat with you unless he is sober.' I havo never
seen a treaty made when there was any whisky
about. I have seen Indians drunk, but I never
saw one of them when he was in that state
undertake" to make a treaty yet. I have been
present at the making of a great many treaties,
and I never yet saw an Indian who was not
sober at the time a treaty was made. I do not
believe you could make a treaty with an lndian
when he was drunk.
Mr. HOWE. I think the Senator from Ohio
has drawn rather largely on his fancy in de-
scribing the manner of negotiating Indian trea-
ties. I do not think the practice is as has been
stated ; though it is not my purpose to defend
either the mode of negotiating treaties or the
treaties which have been negotiated. I rise
simply to say that I do not understand that
there is any authority vested in the President
or in the Department by the law to which my
attention has been called to contract a dollar
of expense.
Mr. SHERMAN The Senator will perceive
that they have done it, and the fact that they
have contracted expense is the reason why we
are .called upon for an appropriation.
Mr. HOWE. I once l^eard of a justice of
the peace who said he knew he could try an
action of ejectment because he had just done
it; and the Senator's argument is about as
-conclusive as that of the justice's was in that
case. Whether they have contracted expense
or not I know not, except as papers are pre-
sented here which seem to render bills on
behalf of Indian tribes visiting Washington.
I do not know what the condition of that is,
whether these landlords or these railroad com-
panies really have an account against the Uni-
ted States for their charges for the keep and
transportation of these Indians. They have
not rendered them to the Government. I ap-
prehend these bills have all been paid. I do
not know who paid them; I do not know
where the money came from; but I take it
they did not come here on the credit of the
Government. I take it the railroad companies
have got their pay for their transportation; 1
take it the landlords have got their pay for
their entertainment on the way; and so I do
not really think any indebtedness has been
contracted in the name of the Government;
but if it has been, it involves the Government
in no obligation any more than if I had con-
tracted it. I might, if I could get credit to do
so, import half the Slate of Wisconsin down
here and put the Government under the same
obligation to pay the bills as wo are under to
pay these bills which are said to have been
incurred in bringing these Indians here.
So much on the score of obligation., Now,
it is a mere question of expediency whether
we will pay these expenditures or not. 1 think
the only consideration which calls upon us to
pay these hills is the fact stated in the letter
read here the other day from the Secretary of
the Interior or the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, I forget which, which says he was urged
to make these treaties, and he was urged to
bring these Indians here by various members
of Congress. I do not know but that we may
have been committed by these outside repre-
sentations and efforts of members ot Congress
to pay these bills. I agree with the Senator
from Ohio that no expense ought to be con-
tracted in this way in negotiating these trea-
ties; but I think 'this amendment goes too
far 
Mr. SHERMAN. I am willing to modify it.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 feel as the Senator
from Wisconsin does, that the amendment of
the _ Senator from Ohio goes too far. If an
Indian treaty can be negotiated without ex-
pense let them negotiate it and send it here,
and we are willing to pass upon it when it
comes. The Senator's amendment provides
that no treaty shall hereafter be made with any
Indian tribe until an appropriation authorizing
such treaty shall first be made by law. Per-
haps it will not require in some cases a dollar
to make a treaty, and if so let them send it.
I propose to alter the amendment so as to make
it read:
No expense shall hereafter be incurred in negotiat-
ing a treaty with any Indian tribe until an appro-
priation authorizing such expense sliallfirst bo made
by law.
Mr. HOWE. That amendment will be sat-
isfactory to me ; it meets the precise point I
was about to raise.
ThePRESIDENT#n> tempore. The amend-
ment suggesied by the Senator from Missouri
is not now in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am willing to modify
ray amendment by accepting that amendment.
I think it answers the same purpose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The
amendment of the Senator from Ohio will be
so modified.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I believe that this propo-
sition is put upon the ground that it has been
the custom to invite Indians to Washington for
the purpose of making treaties. I know noth-
ing of that custom; but it seems to me that
it is a little premature to make these appro-
priations before the treaties have been ratified
by the Senate. £ understand from the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs that
none of these treaties have yet been ratified,
and it is not yet ascertained that any treaty has
really been made between the Government and
these Indians. It seems to me that before
making an appropriation like this it would be
proper to wait until it is ascertained that some
treaty has been made. Now, simply to nego-
tiate a treaty between these Indians and the
Commissioner does not constitute a binding
treaty, for it is necessary that it should be
ratified by the Senate; and when it is ratified
and is binding upon the contracting parties,
then the question will arise, as it seems to me,
as to whether or not the expenses of making
that treaty should be paid.
I differ with the honorable Senator from Min-
nesota as to the economy of this mode of mak-
ing treaties. Iunderstood him to say that these
Indians arc friendly Indians. When a com-
mission of one or two or three persons are
sent to make treaties with friendly tribes is it
necessary that a military escort should accom-
pany them at an expense of six or eight or ten
thousand dollars? All this work, in my judg-
ment, could have been accomplished by sending
to these Indian tribes one or two or three per-
sons for the purpose of making these treaties.
Then what assurance have we that the tribes
will consider themselves bound by these trea-
ties? A, B, and C, certain Indians, have been
invited here, or have come here, representing
themselves to be chiefs or heads of bands, and
the Commissioner enters into some arrange-
ment with them here in Washington; and of
that arrangement the tribe may be entirely igno-
rant. When the men who have been invited
to Washington return home to their respective
tribes is it altogether certain that, those tribes
will recognize their authority to make these
treaties, and to enter into binding obligations
for them with the Government?
I-make those suggestions because it appears
to me that we had better hesitate about making
this appropriation of $00,000 at this time until
we know whether or not we have a treaty with
these Indians or any one tribe of them.
