1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
hope of doing anything in open session, and I
desire to go into executive session, where we
possibly can do something.
The question being put, the motion was
agreed to—ayes twenty, noes not counted.
bill introduced.
Mr«CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
cousent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (8. R. No. 53) relating to the trans-
portation of troops by the Isthmus route to the
Pacific States and Territories ; which was read
twice by its title, and ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose thefe will be
no objection on the part of anybody to print-
ing the report of the Judiciary Committee which
was made just now. The Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Edmunds] tells me that a motion
is necessary for that purpose. I make that
motion.
Mr. CONKLING. Including the minority
TAMAW" olcA 9
&r. TRUMBULL. Certainly. I make a
motion to print the report, with the views of
the minority.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore, The mo-
tion may be entertained by unanimous con-
sent. The Chair hears no objection.
The motion was agreed to. 1'
_ The doors were then closed ; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 27, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
lincoln monument association.
Mr. ORTH. I ask that by unanimous con-
sent Senate bill No. 112, to incorporate the
Lincoln Monument Association, be taken from
the Speaker's table for consideration at the
present time.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, and read a first and
second time.
By the bill, which was read at length, Alex-
ander W. Randall, James Harlan, Alexander
Ramsey, Nathaniel P. Banks, Sidney Perham,
John Conness, John T. Wilson, Godlove S.
Orth, Delos R. Ashley, Halbert E. Paine,
Charles O'Neill, Burt Van Horn, John F.
Driggs, Frederick E. Woodbridge, Jacob Ben-
ton, John Hill, Shelby M-. Cullom, Thomas A.
Jenekes, Orin S. Ferry, N. B. Smithers, Fran-
cis Thomas, Samuel McKee, Horace Maynard,
John F. Benjamin, Rufus Mallory, Sidney
Clarke, Daniel Polsley, Walter A. Burleigh,
John Taffe, and their successors, are consti-
tuted a body-corporate in the District of Co-
lumbia by the name of the Lincoln Monument
Association, for the purpose of erecting a mon-
ument in the city of Washington commemora-
tive of the great charter of emancipation and
universal liberty in America.
It is provided in the second section that the
persons named in the first section of this act
shall be the first trustees of the corporation,
and shall have power to fill vacancies in their
number, and to add to their number, not ex-
ceeding one from each State in the Union.
By the third, fourth, and fifth sections the
corporation is empowered to own and control
such property as may be necessary for the car-
rying out of the objects of the association ; to
collect money, and to make such rules and
regulations as they may deem necessary or ex-
pedient ; to appoint a president, a vice presi-
dent, a secretary, a treasurer, and also a board
of managers, consisting of not less than seven,
nor more than thirteen, who are to have a gen-
eral control of the affairs of the association,
and who may be selected from persons not
included in the list of corporators. ^
The sixth section provides that the property
of the corporation held or occupied by them
for the uses and purposes of their corporation
40th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 25.
shall be exempt from all taxes to be levied
under the authority of the United States or of
any municipal corporation within the District
of Columbia.
The seventh section.reserves to Congress the
right at any time hereafter to repeal, alter, or
amend this act.
Mr. ORTH called the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered ; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ORTH moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
inspection tour to pacific coast.
Mr. McCLURG, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to
communicate to this Houso the report of the tour of
inspection made by General M. }). L. Simpson, of
the commissary department, to the Pacific coast,
during the summer and fall of 1806.
Mr. McCLURG moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
francis dainese.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I ask" unanimous
consent to submit a resolution proposing the
appointment of a select committee ; and I will
state in advance that I do not wish to be a
member of this committee. The resolution is
as follows:
Resolved, That a select committee of three mem-
bers of this Houso bu appointed by the Spcaker«to
inquire into the matter and things charged in the
memorial of Francis Dainesc, which accompanies
this resolution, and that said committee have power
to send for persons and papers, to examine witnesses
under oath, and to report the facts with such action
as said committee may recommend to this Houso.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
survey ob' rock iuveil.
Mr. HOPKINS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to
send the report of Brevet Brigadier General J. H,
Wilson, upon the survey and examination of the
Rock river, if riot sent to the House prior to its ad-
journment, to the Congressional Printer, and that
the same be printed with maps.
Mr. HOPKINS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
referred, under the law, to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed of the report and
maps of General Wilson upon the survey and exam-
ination of the Rock river, when presented, three
thousand extra copies for the use of the House, and
iivo hundred copies for the use of the Bureau of
Engineers.
enrolled bill and joint resolution.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined ana found truly enrolled a
bill and joint resolution of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 03) to authorize the entry
and occupation of a portion of Long Island, in
Boston harbor, for military purposes ; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 22) declaringthe
meaning of the second section of the act of the
'2d of March, 1801, relative to property lost in
the military service.
southern railroads.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ask
unanimous consent to submit the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Speaker bo requested to reap-
point the select Committee on Southern Railroads to
whom shall be referred the evidence taken by said
committee during the Thirty-Ninth Congress, with
power to sit during the recess, and to send for per-
sons and papers, and to report during the next ses-
sion of Congress, and the Speaker to fill any vacan-
cies that til ere may be on said committee.
Mr. CHANLER. I object.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Allow
me to say it is the memorial of a large -house
in New York, and is for the purpose of trying
to arrange affairs with the Government. The
Government took possession ,of the railroad
with the rolling stock, and this is necessary
that the road may be completed.
_Mr. CHANLER, Having been on the
minority of the committee, and knowing that
the business has not been so far developed in
the absence of the chairman, Mr. Maynard,
of Tennessee, as to render it necessary for the
reassembling of the committee, I must persist
in my objection. I speak with the understand-
ing that in the report of the committee no re-
quest is made to report progress, and it was
the understanding that there should be no
action taken until Congress reassembled.
There was no business before the committee
calling for action ; and nothing whatever, so
far as I understand, to jeopardize the rights of
any one.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. It is
necessary, that the matter be arranged, this
committee should be reappointed. I have
done this at the request of the owners of the
road.
Mr. CHANLER. If this were for the pro-
tection of interests I should not object, but I
do not so understand.
Mr. SPALDING. It will save money to
the Government.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks unani-
mous consent to lay before the House certain
papers which he received a few days ago. The
Clerk will read the accompanying letter.
The Clerk read as follows:
Headquarters df.rartmeut op tiieTennessee,
Quartermaster's Office,
United States Military Roads.
Louisville, Kentucky, March 19,1807.
Sir: I have tlie honor to transmit hyewith, as
directed, my evidenco before your committee, with
accompanying documents.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
S. R. HAJ1ELL,
Brevet Major, Acting Quartermaster in charge of Uni-
ted States Military Railroads.
To the honorable Chairman select Committee on
Southern Railroads, Houso of Representatives,
Washington, District of Columbia.
The SPEAKER. These papers have been
in the possession of the Speaker for several
days, as there was no committee in legal ex-
istence to which they could be referred.
Mr. CHANLEU. As a member of that
committee nothing has been developed, I am
sure, which can call for the reappointment of
this committee at this time. I think there is
no necessity for the reappointment of the com-
mittee. There are others here who were mem-
bers of the committee. If I thought it were
necessary I would not objcct.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Is it not
a privileged question?
The SPEAKER. The appointment of a
standing committee is of a privileged charac-
ter, but in reference to the appointment of a
special committee the Chair would have to ask
the consent of the House.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. _ I move,
then, to suspend the rules so I may introduce
the resolution, and that the testimony pre-
sented by the Chair may be referred to the
committee when appointed.
Mr. CHANLER. We have had the testi-
mony before us.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
09, noes 20.
Mr. CHANLER demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Chanlbb and
Mr. McCfeunu were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes GO, noes 23.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsj'lvania, demanded
the previous question on the resolution.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote just taken; and also moved
