388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
The amendment of the Senate was reported,
as follows:
Strike out all after the word " concurring," in K09
two of said resolution, and insert in lieu thereof as
follows:
That the President of the Senate and the Speaker
of tho House of Kepresentatives.be authorised, and
directed to olose the present session by adjourning
their respective Houses on the 28th instant, at twelve
o'clock meridian.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to concur in the
Senate amendment.
. Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman has not
the floor, I believe.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman who origin-
ated the resolution is entitled to the floor by
usage.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the
amendment of the Senate by offering the fol-
lowing as a substitute:
lie noised by the Hourte of Meproientniives of the Uni-
ted Slates, (the Senate concurring,) That the Senate
and House of Representativesdo hereby each givecon-
seut to the other that each House of Congress shall
adjourn the present session from the hour of twelve
m.,on Thursday, the 28th clay of March instant, to as-
semble again on thofirst, Wednesday of Juno and the
first Wednesday of Septembor, of this year, unless
the President of tho Senato pro tempore and tho
Speaker of tho House of Representatives shall by
joint proclamation, to be issued by them ten days
before cither of tho times herein fixed for reassem-
bling. declaro that there is no occasion for the meet-
ing of Congress at such time.
Tho SPEAKER. This as an amendment to
the amendment of the Senato, is too large in
its character, for this reason : the two branches
of Congress have concurred in a part of the
resolution. The Senate struck out all after tho
word "concurring'' and inserted what has been
read. The part that has been concurred in by
both .branches is beyond the power of amend-
ment. The gentleman can move to amend by
striking out the part amended by the Senate
and inserting what he proposes.
Mr. SCHENCK. Let the Clerk, then, modify
my proposition so that it may be an amend-
ment to the amendment of the Senate.
The Clerk read as follows:
Striko out all of the Senate amendment from and
after tbo word " that," and insert in lieu thereof tho
following: .
Tho Senato and Houso of Representatives do
hereby oach give consent to tho other that each
House of Congress shall adjourn its present session
from tho hoar of twelve m. on Thursday, tho 2Sth
day of March instant, to assemble again on tho iirst
Wednesday of Juno and tho first Wednesdayof Sep-
tember of this year, unless tho President pro tempore
of tho Senate and tho Speaker of the Houso of Rep-
resentatives shall by jointproclamntion, to be issued
by them ton days before either of tho times herein
fixed for assembling, declare that there is no occa-
sion for thif mooting of Congress at such timo.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will move the amend-
ment as read by the Clerk. Now, Mr. Speaker,
whatever may bo the result of this discussion
in the Senate and the House, it is pretty cer-
tain that to-morrow will bo the last day of this
present session of Congress.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is this question debat-
able ?
The SPEAKER. It is, to a limited extent.
Mr. SCHENCK. As, we "are, therefore,
within the last day of business of our present
assembling together, I am admonished not to
occupy unnecessarily the time of the House.
But I cannot sit here altogether silent when
so momentous a question as tins is to be set-
tled, as it would be settled if the motion my
colleague [Mr. Spaldixg] attempted to make
should prevail: that the House concur with
the Senate in its amendment concerning ad-
journment to-morrow.
Mr. SPALDING, I desire to inquire for
information whether, after the gentleman has
concluded his remarks, it will bo in order for
me to submit the motion to concur in the
amendment of the Senato?
The SPEAKER. A motion to concur is
always in order, as tending to bring the two
Houses together in their action. But a motion
to amend an amendment of the Senate has
priority of a motion to concur.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand that any
motion is in order which tends to bring tbo
two Houses together; and it has precedence
of any motion but the motion to amend an
amendment of the Senate.
Now, with, full knowledge of that fact, and
believing that this question is too momentous
to be decided in silence, I will occupy the
attention of the House for a few moments by
stating my reasons for the amendment I have
submitted. Day before yesterday, by a vote
of nearly three to one, 89 to 31, this House
determined that it was not wise for us to leave
our places here without some provision being
made for the reassembling _ of Congress be-
tween the interval of any adjournment of the
present session and the commencement of
another regular session of Congress in Decem-
ber next. We therefore provided that such
reassembling should take place in the months
of May, June, September, and November,
with this condition, however : that any of these
meetings might be dispensed with by procla-
mation, to be made in advance by the Presiding
Officers of the Senate and House of Represent-
atives, that in their judgment there is nothing
in the condition of public affairs which renders
it necessary that Congress should reassemble
at that time.
The Senate proposes to have no stopping-
place between now and December next; to
closc the present session of Congress to-mor-
row, and to have no reassembling of this legis-
lative department of the Government until the
commencement of its regular session in Decem-
ber next; leaving us in the condition of an
entire suspension of any active exercise of
legislative functions on the part of Congress,
and with no meeting before December next
for the purpose of discharging its duties except
at the pleasure of the Executive himself. It
is a very broad difference of opinion between
the two Houses, and one deserving to be very
seriously considered.
Sir, I think there is no hour which brings
more sadness to a soldier's heart than that in
which a retreat is ordered. Or, if it is stating
the case too strongly to say that this resembles
an order for a general retreat, I think I may
say that the hearts of men in the presence of
the enemy are apt to feel very heavy when at
any time they are called upon to surrender an
advanced position near tho enemy and fall
back and form their lines anew and upon differ-
ent ground. That is just about the condition
in which we now stand with this issue before us.
Now, it may be thought that in this statement
there is an intimation that I regard the Pres-
ident as inimical to Congress. Well, sir, put it
in whatever phrase you will, whether he be the
enemy of Congress, and through Congress of
the country, whether Congress be hostile to tho
President or not, this much is certain : for more
than a year past there has been exhibited be-
fore the country and the world a struggle be-
tween Congress and the President as to which
should rule the country, as to the policy of
which should prevail in regard to the grave
questions connected with the restoration of the
union. Soon after the close of the war the
President adopted what he styles his policy.
Congress, differing from the President, has by
acts of legislation adopted what they regard
as the true and legitimate and the safest policy
upon this subject. The President does not
consent to that which the law-making power has
dccided upon, but by veto after veto attempts
to strike d^wn the hands of the representa-
tives of the people, to stifle their voices as ex-
pressed through thestatute-book, and to compel
them to succumb to his views. Congress is too
strong for him, and by overwhelming vote again
and again passes these legislative enactments
over his veto. But the President does not stand
contented when those acts are thus passed. In
the vetoes themselves, and in formal State
papers communicated to Congress, he de-
nounces what we have done as tyrannical, as
oppressive, as an infringement upon the rights
of the people of certain sections of this coun-
try, and declares that if those people resist
such despotic legislation they will enroll them-
selves among the Ilampdens and Sidneys of the
world, the great martyrs for liberty. Here,
then, we have not only a difference between
these two coordinate branches, but we have the
President, through the medium of public docu-
ments, with all the weight that his utterances
can acquire from such a form, gravely telling
the people of a portion of the country that they
will ennoble themselves if they resist the orders
which may be made by the legislative depart-
ment that they shall conform to certain terms
prescribed to them before they can be restored
to their former relations to the Government.
Now, sir, in this condition of things, with
this defiance ringing in our ears, uttered, no
longer ago than on the last day of the last week,
it is proposed that we shall abandon our posi-
tion here, leaving the President, through his
agencies and the agencies prescribed by law;
to carry out those enactments to the execution
of which he avows himself thus disinclined—-to
use the mildest term that can be applied. It
may be said that the law must be obeyed. It
may be said that the law will be obeyed by the
President. Sir, there are different modes of
obeying law. A law may be obeyed apparently,
and yet with such a spirit of hostility to the law
itself that the execution of that law amounts
virtually to,nothing. How is the President to
carry out the determination of the law-making
power with reference to the insurrectionary
States? Through the agency of the Army?
How will the Army be disposed to carry out
the duties assigned to them? Just as you may
expect them ordinarily to execute orders which
come to them from a chief who is disposed to
have those'orders executed in the manner
most favorable and lenient toward those upon
whom the execution of the orders is to operate.
Sir, I have seen something of this matter be-
fore ; and I tell you that if the officers of the
Army, knowing this spirit and sentiment upon
the part of the President, are called upon to
execute in good faith the orders of Congress
made to them through the law, they will be
subject to all the blandishments, to all the con-
trolling influences which may be expected to
tempt men to swerve a little from the direct
and straightforward path, when they know that ■
their chief is not hearty in his desire to have
the law enforced, and when they know that any
sympathy they may exhibit toward those against
whom particularly the law is to be executed
will be shared by that chief. I am very much
afraid of the execution of the law in that way.
Mr. BURR. Will the gentleman permit me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. BURR. I desire the gentleman to ex-
plain how the facts on which he has commented
with regard to the control of the Army would
be affected by Congress remaining in session?
Does the gentleman propose that Congress
shall take the command of the Army ?
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir; I propose no
such thing. I propose that while we watch
the President, to prevent him from usurping
power, we shall not ourselves commit any such
usurpation. But I maintain that while we have
it in our power it is better for us to be at hand
to watch the mode in which these things are
done, so that, should evil come or be threat-
ened in the manner of the execution of the
law, we may hedge about the safety of the Re-
public by such acts of legislation as shall keep
the President and those who act under him in
cheek. Sir, if Congress had not met or been
about to meet, and if Congress when it met had
not acted by investigation of such acts as the
riot, as it was termed, giving it the mildest
epithet, at New Orleans, does any man sup-
pose the President, unabridged in the exercise
of his power by this watchful'care of Congress,
would not, have given to us in various shapes
repetitions of just such scenes as that?
Mr. Speaker, what is a part of this history
through which we have just gone? In Sep-
tember and the early part of October last
I believe, as I believe m my own existence,
it was the fixed purpose of the President of
the United States that this Fortieth Congress
should not assemble at all constituted as it
now is. He meant to have had a Congress
here consisting of those representatives of the
North who would'go with him in a scheme of
