t>90
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
character, which prescribe the forms and the
plan upon which these rebellious States shall
be restored. And when Congress acts, he turns
to these people in the rebellious States, who
are the subjects of that legislation, and says to
them: "All this that the law-making power is
doing is usurpation, is tyranny, is oppression;
and if you were to resist it you would rank your-
selves among the Hampdens and Sidneys, the
great martyrs of liberty and freedom through-
out the world," thus preaching rebellion in his
very official papers.
Now, I think that grave and great political
crimes like these are proper subjects for im-
peachment ; much more so than anything which
maybe ascertained by any investigation, though
it should amount to the stealing of a five-dollar
note. But no matter what may be the differ-
ences of opinion among us upon the question,
we have entered upon this investigation; and
I say we shall be recreant if we do not either
carry it out vigorously, promptly, speedily, in
such way as to come to some conclusion upon it,
or else upon the ground of expediency, or any
other which may be thought proper, magnani-
mously abandon the further pursuit of the sub-
ject.
And yet we have decided to do neither. We
have neither decided to abandon it, to give it
up as an inexpedient undertaking, and upon
the ground that the game is not worth the pur-
suit ; nor have we shown curselves disposed
to pursue it vigorously ana bring it to some
effective conclusion. 1 think we ought not to
adjourn until we decide this matter one way
or the other.
Then, again, there lies here close to our
doors a difficulty. What is the condition of
the State of Maryland? The spirit of rebellion
is there triumphant at this very hour; and
those who are animated by hostility to the
national Government, having obtained by fraud
the control of the government of that State,
are seeking to use muni for the perpetuation
of itself, for the continuance of fraud upon the
rights of the people of the State. A conven-
tion to frame a new constitution has been called
in a manner expressly prohibited by the pres-
ent constitution of the State. And we have
the assurance that when thw disloyal people of
the State move in this irregular way, there will
be a movement made upon the part of the
Union people, in order that they, too, in an
irregular way (if irregular ways are to be re-
sorted to) may have their convention and adopt
their constitution. Under these circumstances
I believe upon my soul a collision attended
with bloodshed is inevitable in that State before
the approaching summer is over, unless there
be a moral and a legal influence exerted by the
near presence of the legislative department of
this Government, in the full exercise of its
functions, to prevent the sympathy, if not the
active cooperation of those who might inter-
fere against the loyal men of Maryland.
Maryland lies in immediate proximity to this
Capitol: you have no access to this spot ex-
cept through her Territory ; and with this dark
prospect, with this gloomy cloud looming up
here at our very doors, it is proposed that the
members of this Congress shall abandon their
posts, go home and leave it to the President to
do as he pleases. Sir, does any one doubt that
if such a collision should take place, all and
more than all that was enacted in New Orleans
will be enacted again, if not by the direct con-
nivance, at least with no sympathy against its
commission, upon the part of those who are in
authority at the other end of the avenue.
Mr. KELLEY. In connection with the gen-
tleman's remarks as to the condition of affairs
in Maryland, I would like the Clerk to read a
letter which I received yesterday morning from"
one of the most distinguished citizens of Mary-
land—a man in every way trustworthy.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield for the purpose of
having the letter read.
The Clerk read as follows:
It would have been better for us (if Congress
adjourns now without considering Maryland's situa-
tion) had we died with the South as traitors, and
come up wifchthem in the resurrection of reconstruc-
tion. The Legislature has tied us, as far as their
little sense and their blindness of malice would
allow, hand and foot; they have called a conven-
tion and given the power of it to the late slavehold-
ing counties arbitrarily; they have perpetuated
slavery in the negro-apprentice code, and cut off all
remedy in State courts, by shutting up the criminal
court of Baltimore to such complaints; they; have
determined to make us pay for slaves by appointing
a commissioner in each county to register the num-
ber and the proprietorship; they have provided re-
muneration for all officers who resist the civil rights
bill, and allow no negro testimony; they have re-
fused to pass a bill allowing them to testify; they
have put tho militiaof the Stateunder rebel control,
and exclude, not in terms but in fact, the blacks
from enrollment; they have increased the old Kane
police to five hundred men, and now, if you gentle-
men choose to sit in Washington, your armed enemy
is not on the other side of the Potomac, but on this.
Congress ought not to adjourn till it hear from our
Radical convention, which meets on Wednesday,
(27th,) nor until it has passed a law directing how
this reconstruction shall take place in Maryland,
and putting us on the same footing with other slave-
holding States.
"I implore you to use your influence to keep it
there, no matter how wearied you are, as I know
you must be." .
Mr. SCHENCK. That is but a confirma-
tion of what I was saying: and if we need other
confirmation, we have, it in the very able me-
morial upon this subject signed by the Union
members of the Legislature of Maryland. That
memorial, which was presented a few days ago
by the honorable gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Thomas,] and referred to one of the com-
mittees, shows that the condition of things in
that State requires-watchful care. I take the
liberty to embody that memorial as a part of
my remarks:
" To the honorable Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States :
" The undersigned, members of tho General Assem-
bly ot Maryland, respectfully present this memorial
to your honorable body on tho condition of public
affairs in this State, to which they ask the immediate
considerationot the national Legislature. Tue Gen-
eral Assembly of Maryland is about to adjourn, after
a session as memorable 1'or evil and as important to
tho country as that which consigned tho Legislature
of 1801 to the cascmates of Foit Warren. Elected in
great part by the deliberate violation of the election
law oi tho Stato, by the votes of men who wcro in
aetivo accord with tho rebellion, and whose hatred
to the Government rendered the presence of military
forco.during tho war necessary to prevent their act-
ive aid to the rebels in arms, and in spite of which
they did give huge aid in men and money, they have
marked their session by a series of acts to which we
desire to call your attention. The rebels of Mary-
land sent. South during tho war some twenty thou-
sand soldiers to tho rebel army. These men have
nearly all returned, and a large immigration from the
South since the war has largely addod to that num-
ber. By a doubtful construction of a clause iu the
existing constitution this General Assembly, thus
electcd, has enfranchised all white men, no matter
what treason they may have committed, and has thus
added to tho voting population about thirty thou-
sand persons who have only lately ceased an armed
rcaistanccto tho Government. Not satisfied with this,
they have just passed a militia bill which, in direct
defiance of tho present constitution of tho State, has
made all whito rebels, no matter what their previous
treason, part of the militia.
"They havo by deliberate vote refused to exclude
even from the highest office under the law any per-
son, no matter what his rank in the rebel army, and
they are about to putin foice this law, the effect of
which is against our own constitution and tho Army
laws ot Congress; to put in the rtjar of tbo capital an
armed force, composed largely of the same men who
havo just been forced to eeaso armed attempts to cap-
ture the capital. One great reason of this bill is to
better carry out the scheme of revolutionizing the
government of the State, abolishing the existing con-
stitution, and making another still more firmly fast-
ening on tho necks of the loyal people the yoke of
rebel control. Tho present constitution of Maryland,
while it docs not allow colored suffrage,doesnot give
to tho late masters the right to representin the Legis-
lature their disfranchised froedmen. It bases rep-
resentation on white population. These conspira-
tors, not satisfied with controlling the Legislature and
the,executive department, have passed a bill calling
a convention for a constitutional convention on the
10th day of April, tho convention to meet on the sec-
ond Monday of May, 1867. This they have done,
although the constitution provides that the Legisla-
ture shall pass no laws providing for a change in the
existing constitution, except in the mode therein
prescribed; and although the constitution regulates
tho representation in any convention called to make
a new constitution by fixing it the same as that of
each countyin theGeneral Assembly, they havefixed
an arbitrary basis of representation which, while it
excludes the colored man from the ballot-box, gives
to the old worn-out counties, which were as rebel-
lious as South Carolina, an increased representation,
by which the oppressor is to represent the oppressed
against his will, and by which a minority of the peo-
ple of the State are to hold in thoir proposed conven-
tion the same power as the majority.
The State of Maryland has at present a colored
population of at least two hundred thousand, and by
immigration since the war perhaps two hundred and
fifty thousand, making a voting population of from
forty to fifty thousand. In most of the counties whose
representation has been thus illegally increased the
colored population is equal to or greater than the
white. The House of Representatives of the United
States has already passed a resolution of inquiry
whether the present constitution of this State is now
republican, and since the colored man is now a cit-
izen it may well be doubtful whether a State which
excludes for no crime one fourth of its population
who are citizens is republican. This General Assem-
bly has inaugurated, however, a movement which,
from the illegal representation made in the bill itself,
actually now accomplishes not only the exclusion of
this population from suffrage, but also gives the dis-
loyal population a representation for them. The
present judiciary of tho Stato is for the most part
loyal, and one object of this movement is to legislate
out ail the remaining loyal officers whom they havo
not already removed, and place ex-rebels, perhaps
brigadiers and colonels of the rebel army, in their
places. Not satisfied with the pardon and the char-
ity which Union men have extended, they have com-
menced a reaction against the results of the war, and
determined on a policy which, if unchecked, destroys
a loyal constitution and puts in its place one made
by traitors andfiagrantly anti-republican, and places
an armed militiaof disloyal men and aminority gov-
ernment of rebel sympathizers and rebels in the com-
plete possession of this State. While tho South is
about to commence a career of freedom and progress,
these men, untaught by the lessons of the past, have
determined by the forms of law, but in violation of
both the State and Federal law, to put this State
back into a condition of darkness and slavery.
" These acts, we Submit, are in violation of State and
national law—oppressive, revolutionary, and danger-
ous to theorder and peaceof the nation. The Union
men of Maryland are groaning under this tyranny.
They are now oppressed, by verdicts of disloyal juries
in many counties. Immigration into tho State, ex-
cept from the South, is stopped, and some loyal men
are deliberating on leaving tho State. The most,
however, are ready, by all proper moans, at all per-
sonal hazards, to resist this infamous attempt of
oppression. The danger of bloodshed is imminent;
tho time is perilous. We call on Congress not to
adjourn before settling this £rave matter, which, if
notscttled, may startle them in their recess by some-
thing worse ^han the massacre at New Orleans,
although not so unequal and one-sided. We earnestly
ask, on thopartof themajority of the people of Mary- 
land, deprived of legal voice, cxcept through us, a
minority of the General Assembly, that Congress will
guaranty to us a republican form of government on
the only basis of right, truth, and peace—impartial
suffrage, without respect to race or color—as it has
already guarantied it to the southern States.
" Signed by seven Senators and twelve mombers of
the House of Delegates."
Now, sir, I come back to the question as to
what the President will probably do if he can
get us out of the way and keep us out of the
way until next winter? Suppose that by a writ
of habeas corpus or otherwise tKe question
should be made before Judge Field or Judge
Davis or any of those gentlemen concurring in
the Milligan decision, and it should be claimed
that any one arrested under our recent legisla-
tion on the subject of reconstruction must be
discharged upon the ground of the unconstitu-
tionality of all that Congress has done on this
question, do you suppose that there would not
be found a decision to suit the occasion? Do
you suppose you would not have an Executive
ready at once then-to withdraw all the military
force from these States and leave them in the
condition in which we found them, or worse,
at the close of the war? I say we have no
assurance what is to be the result of our legis-
lation when applied in practice; but we have
every reason to believe that between now and
next December such decisions will be made,
such course taken, such construction put upon
the law, as far as may seem to be on the face
of it, at any rate, wijfcin the power of the Exec-
utive, as to deprive that law of all its vital force.
At this very hour I repose more confidence
in the acquiescence of the rebels themselves at
the South in that much we have done than any
expectation or hone from the Executive in
having it done well. Why, sir, at this very
moment these rebels all over the South ar-.
ready to accept the situation, and accept it in
such way as means something, while here m
exhibited the strange spectacle of the head of
the Government himself, of the President of
the United States, inciting them and encourag-
ing them and imploring them as they are pat-
riots and freemen not to submit to the laws
which have been enacted, which he has not
approved, but which Congress has passed over
his head.
Some gentleman asks me if there be not some
arrterepen$€et something behind the Supreme
