892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
to criticise the Chair for not appointing the
committees, as the House understood exactly
what the case was.
Mr. LOGAN. I understood from gentlemen
about me that the Chair had made hie remarks
in reply to remarks made by me, otherwise I
should not have said anything now.
Mr. SPALDING. My design was only to
give the reason for the action of the Speaker.
LEAVE 01? ABSENCE.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has been re-
quested to ask leave of absence for Mr. Yak
Aernam, Mr. Orth, and Mr. Hunter, for the
remainder of the session.
No objection was made, and leave was
accordingly granted.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. _ The House will now re-
sume the consideration of reports from com-
mittees during the remainder of the morning
hour, which has been interrupted by the con-
sideration of the resolution relating to adjourn-
ment.
Cr.ATMS BY FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS.
Mr. BANKS, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, reported a joint resolution concerning
the payment of claims made by foreign Govern-
ments against the United States for property
destroyed by the armies-of the United States;
which was rend a first and second time.
The joint resolution, which was read at
length, declares that, in the opinion of Con-
gress, no claim made by other Governments or
by citizens or subjects of other Governments
for losses of property sustained by such Gov-
ernments, citizens, or subjects during the re-
cent rebellion should be recognized or allowed
by the Executive Departments of this Govern-
ment until the same shall have been submitted
to Congress with all the facts relating thereto.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, this resolution
is substantially the same as one which was
referred to the committee upon the motion of
one of my colleagues. The object is to pre-
vent the offset of any claims we may have
against the Government of Great Britain by
a recognition or allowance of claims on the
part of that nation against this Government,
or its citizens until the facts and evidence shall
have been submitted to Congress. I presume
there can be no objection to the resolution,
and 1 call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and, the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to bo engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BRITISH AMERICAN CONFEDERATION.
Mr. BANKS, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported a joint resolution respect-
ing the proposed confederation of Provinces
on the northern frontier ol' the United States;
which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution, which was read at
length, declares that the people of the United
States cannot, regard the proposed confedera-
tion of the Provinces on the northern frontier
of this country without extreme solicitude;
that a confederation of States on this conti-
nent, extending from ocean to ocean, estab-
lished without consulting the people of the
Provinces to be united, and founded upon
monarchical principles, cannot be considered
otherwise than in contravention of the tradi-
tions and constantly-declared principles of this
Government, endangering its most important
interests, and tending to increase and perpet-
uate embarrassments already existing between
the two Governments immediately interested.
Mr. BANKS. I call the previous question.
Mr. BROOKS. There is a single question
of fact in reference to which X should like to be
informed before we are called upon to vote.
Mr. BANKS. -I yield for any inquiry.
Mr. BROOKS. Is it true that the people to
be embraced in this new confederation have
not, as represented through their Legislatures,
consented to the action of the British Govern-
ment ? Are the committee sure as to the fact
stated in the resolution ? It is desirable that
we shall not in our resolutions make averments
of fact which cannot be sustained.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I understand
that a principal point of the contest in the
Provinces, and also with the opponents of this
measure in the British Government, is that the
proposition to confederate these Provinces on
the northern frontier has never been submitted
to the people of the colonies, though the Legis-
latures of most of the colonies have assented
to it. One of the Provinces, Nova Scotia, by
a remonstrance signed by thirty thousand of
its citizens, has protested against the confed-
eration. The citizens joining in this remon-
strance constitute a majority of all who would
'be permitted to vote even under our laws; yet
the Legislature of Nova Scotia has approved
and consented to the confederation. That I
understand to be the fact.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman yield to me
for a moment?
Mr. BANKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I regret that the
committee has not seen proper to refer to mo-
narchical Governments attempted to be estab-
lished in other portions of the continent than
upou the northeast; and I would askthechair-
man whether the committee have considered the
resolution referred to them in the early part of
the session, relating to the establishment of
monarchical Governments anywhere on the
American continent. Tho attention of Con-
gress has been demanded, not only to the con-
templated monarchy in Canada, but also to the
attempted monarchy in Mexico. The principle
implied in this resolution calls, in my judg-
ment, for not onlyageneral expression of opin-
ion with reference to the establishment of mo-
narchical Governments, but a declaration of
sympathy for republican Governments else-
where; And I would like to have had that
committee make a report in sympathy with the
struggling people of Ireland, who are seeking
to establish a republican government there. 1
now ask the chairman what has become of the
resolution referred to them in the early part of
the session sympathizing with the people of
Ireland, as well as against the establishment
of monarchical Governments anywhere on this
continent?
Mr. BANKS. The committee has instructed
mc to report a resolution in answer to the one
presented by the gentleman fiom New Yoik,
and it. will be submitted after this resolution
has been acted on.
In regard to this resolution, Mr. Speaker, it
was thought to express the views of the House
011 the question immediately pending. It is
regarded that tho question of monarchujal or
imperial government in Mexico has bell set-
tled. We are notified that the French troops
have boon withdrawn. The last soldier has
left, and the Emperor, if he has not already
left, will soon leave. It was not regarded as
necessary nor involved in the resolution of the
gentleman from New York that subject being
more immediately and directly connected with
the interests of the country, and requiring
more positive action than the expression of
opinion, has been left for future consideration.
Mr. CHANLER. I want to see whether
X understand the resolution. I agree with the
principles which underlie it; but itseemstome
to be illogical. The gentleman protests against
the establishment of a monarchical Govern-
ment to nortty^ast of this Union. If Great
Britain rules her colonies under a monarchical
form of government, why not meet it at once,
and say we take issue with Great Britain in
holding any dominions 011 this continent, un-
less she gives them the light of sclf-govern-
ment such as we now have ? A monarchical
form of government docs exist in Canada
to-day. The Queen of England rules that
Government directly to-day under the laws of
England and under the imperial system of
England. I do not see that the resolution con-
tains anything positive; that it fulminates
anything from this Congress which is going to
disturb a hair of the British lion ; and unless
he intends to carry this matter to some point
which will make our power felt, I think it is
wiser for us to remain silent. If we propose
to make up a political issue with Great Britain
as to the form of government in her colonies
on thiS continent, well and good. Let us
insist on the independence of Canada, and
take up arms with Cauada on that issue.
This resolution means nothing. It contains
nothing which is true. It assumes the Govern-
ment of Canada to-day is not monarchical. I
merely make the suggestion as the tendency of
my views on this question.
Mr. BANKS. 4 It was not the intention of
the committee to present any menace or any
threat or to make any protest on this question,
not even to determine the character, but look-
ing to positive results proposed in lier colonies
by the Government of Great Britain. But it
does express an opinion, so far as this changed
condition of the colonies is concerned, extend-
ing as they do from the Atlantic to the Pacific
ocean, representing principles hostile to the
interests, antagonistic to the Government of
this country, that it cannot but be regarded
with solicitude and as in contravention of the
rights and interests of this Government. Be-
yond that the committee did not think it was
proper to go, nor is further action required at
this time. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the operation
thereof the joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. CHANLER demanded the yeas and
nays on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Tho joint resolution was passed.
Mr._BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
sympathy for ireland.
Mr. BANKS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs to report the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That this IIouso exu-.-vd its sympathy to
tho people of Ireland and of CancUa in al! their just
efforts to maintain tho independence of Statos, to
elevate the people, and to extend and perpetuate the
principles of liberty.
Mr. BANKS. I yield to the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Robinsos.]
Mr. ROBINSON. Mr. Speaker, how much
remains of the morning hour?
Tho SPEAKER. Twenty minutes.
Mr. ROBINSON. I do not intend at. this
time to make any lengthy remarks, and yet I
desire to make some observations rqithor than
let this resolution pass in silence. I trust be-
fore this Congress adjourns I shall have an
opportunity of introducing a stronger resolution
than this. I presume 1 may say, without any
disrespect to the chairman of the committee,
or to the other members of the committee, or
without referring to anything that may have
occurred in the committee, that. I should have
preferred a much more decided expression of
sympathy than this. But such as it is I trust
it will pass as the beginning of good things.
Before^ this Congress expires I hope to have
the privilege of introducing a resolution not
only of sympathy, but acknowledging the bel-
ligerent rights and independence of Ireland.
I throw this out in no spirit of bravado. I
believe the independence of Ireland will come.
I believe that the train of circumstances now in
operation will bring about that result.
"Tratk crashed to earth shall rise again."
Long as Ireland has been crushed she will yet
rise ami maintain a position among the nations
of the earth.
