THS CONG-SESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
■thing of the effect of this hill before I am called
upon'to vote upon it. It is a proposition, I
believe, to change the law in a single particular,;
in regard to a certain class of woolen articles
mixed with silk. I desire to know what the
price per pound of these articles will be—the
average value.
Mr. KELLEY. I would gladly give the
information which the gentleman desires, but I
cannot. It would take hours to obtain it even
if we were in the neighborhood of the estab-
lishments.
Mr. ALLISON. I only desire to call atten-
tion to the fact that these articles when manu-
factured with silk pay a duty, as I understand,
under the existing law of fifty per ccnt. ad
valorem, and this of course does not alter that
provision of the law. But as I understand the
gentleman from Pennsylvania the present duty
upon these articles when4na(k; of wool with a
single thread of silk is different from that.
Mr. KELLEY. They pay the duty laid on
all other woolen goods. I would say to the
gentleman that this resolution comes to me from
the members of the Finance Committee of the
Senate, who have considered the subject, and
it would have come to us as a Senate resolution
but for the fact that a measure in regard to the
tariff cannot originate in that branch. The
question has been investigated, however, by
that committee, and it is found, as I have
stated, that the insertion in one of the articles
of a quantity of silk, so minute that it requires
a glass to detect it, modifies the rate of duty
while itdoes not change the value of the article.
I now call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered to
ba engrossed for a third reading; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. KELLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
dul'uty clerks of courts.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce for present consideration a
juint resolution authorizing, the clerks of the
district and circuit courts for the State of New
York to appoint deputy clerks.
No objection being made, the resolution was
read a first and second time, and considered.
It authorizes each clerk of the circuit and
district courts of the United States in the sev-
eral districts in the State of New York to
appoint a deputy, who may exercise all the
official powers of his principal. Such deputy
before lie enters on the discharge of his duty
to take the official oath now prescribed by law,
but not to be entitled to any compensation for
such services from the Government; nothing
herein contained to be held to excuse or re-
lease said clerks from legal responsibility for
acts performed in their behalf by their respect-
ive deputies.
Mr. POLAND. Will the gentleman yield?
I desire to "amend by striking out the State of
New York and making the provision general,
to apply to all the clerks of the courts in the
country. I am aware there is a necessity for
such a law.
Mr. II UMPIlREY. The clerksof two courts
in the State of New York have written to me
urging this act. I have received no informa-
tion on the subject from other sources. I have
consulted with the members from my own
State and they concur with me that this would
be entirely proper. If the Representatives of
the other States desire to embrace the circuit
and district courts of the whole country, I cer-
tainly have no objection. I know the business
of all these courts will be increased by the
operation of the bankrupt law, and that it will
be very necessary in the State that I have
the honor in part to represent to have such a
law as I propose. But if the allowing of the
amendment will have the effect to create oppo-
sition and thereby defeat this resolution, I
should be very sorry for having admitted it,
.thereby depriving the State of Ne-yv York of
this necessary act.
Mr. POLAND. During the last session of
Congress application was made to me by the
clerks of the district and circuit courts in the
State of Vermont asking for precisely this
action to Ije taken by Congress in reference to
that State. * I apprehend there is just the same
necessity in all parts of the eouutry for a pro-
vision of this sort as there is in the State of
New York. I think it a very wise provision,
and that there can be no opposition to it from
any quarter. I move to amend by striking out
the words "State of New York" and inserting
" United States," so that it will apply to all the
judicial districts in the United States.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
that the joint resolution and pending amend-
ment be referred to the' Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 48, noes 3G.
So the motion to refer was agreed to.
dismissals from the army, etc.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I ask leave to submit a
resolution for consideration at this time. I
will say that it is recommended by a majority
of the Committee on the Judiciary, including
thegentlemen, members of that committee, who
sit on the other side of the House. It is a res-
olution calling upon the President for informa-
tion which is deemed necessary by the com-
mittee. I ask that the resolution be read for
the information of the House.
The Clerk read as follows:
llesolvcd, That tlio President of the United States
bo requested to furnish to this House, or to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary duiing recess, as soon as may
be, a.full list of all oflicers dismissed the service with
forfeiture of pay and allowances, or who arc liable
to other forfeitures or supposed forfeitures according
to tho regulations of thoArmy; and of all enlisted
men who have forfeited pay, bounty, or allowances
lor desertion or absence without leave, orbysentence
°f courts-martial who have been restored to the rolls,
°r had such forfeitures in any way relieved by order
of the President or other officer of the Ooveriiment;
which list shall show who have been so lestored or re-
lieved, and upon whoso order.-*, anil the amount of
such forfeitures and flues which have been restored
or may bo released to the persons so lestored and
relieved by said ordcis, setting- forth fully upon what
representations and whose recommendations or ap-
proval such orders of restoration or relief have been
made; so that tho full amount taken from the Treas-
ury, which had been forfeited by such orders, may
be fully shown.
Mr. NI BLACK. I object.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw his objection. My colleagues
upon the Committee 011 the Judiciary, the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] and the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldp.idge,]
consent to this resolution. I hope there will
be no objection to it.
Mr. NiBLACK. It will take six months.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I do not know how long
this will take; but the committee need the
information.
Mr. ^NIBLACK. Verywell; I withdraw my
objection.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to-
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid 011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
iron-clad ca5ianciie.
Mr SCHENCK. I rise for the purpose of
asking the House to discharge the Committee
of Claims from the further consideration of
the Senate joint resolution No. 17, in relation
to paying the contractors for constructing the
iron-clad Camanche. If the House will per-
mit me to make the statement, I will sav that
I make this request at the suggestion of Sen-
ators from the Pacific coast.
Mr. WARD. I rise to a question of order.
I hat joint resolution was ordered to be referred
to the Committee of Claims when appointed,
and the motion to reconsider the vote by which
it was referred was laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. That is true; but at the
same time a motion can be made to discharge
the committee from its further consideration.
If the gentleman from New York [Mr. Ward]
or any other member objects, then it will re-
quire a suspension of the rules by a two-thirds
vote.
Mr. WARD. I do object; I think it should
be examined by a committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to suspend the
rules, in order that the committee may be dis-
charged from the further consideration of this
joint resolution, and that it may be considered
in the House at the present time.,
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes.48, noes 40.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
indiana and ohio war claims.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended in order to take from the Speaker's
table for consideration at this time the bill of
the Senate No. 105, to reimburse the States of
Indiana and Ohio for moneys expended for the
United States in enrolling, equipping, and pro-
visioning military forces to aid in suppressing
the rebellion; and before the vote is taken upon
my motion 1 ask that the bill may be read for
the information of the House.
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion provides that immediately after the pas-
sage of this act the -President shall appoint
three commissioners, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, who are not resi-
dents of the State of Indiana, whose duty it
shall be to ascertain the amount of moneys
expended by the State of Indiana in enrolling,
equipping, subsisting, transporting, and pay-
ing such State forces as were called into ser-
vice in said State since the 1st day of January,
1802, to act in concert with the forces of the
United States in the suppression of the rebel-
lion against the United States.
The second section provides that the com-
missioner so appointed shall proceed, subject
to regulations to be prescribed by the Secre-
tary of War, at once to examine all the items
of expenditure made by the State for the pur-
poses herein named, allowing onty for dis-
bursements made and amounts assumed by
the State for enrolling, equipping, subsisting",
transporting, and paying such troops as were
called into service by the Government at the
request of the United States department com-
mander commanding the district in which In-
diana may at the time have been included, or
bj; the express order, consent, 01- concurrence
of such commander, or which may have been
employed or used in suppressing rebellion in
said State. No allowance is to be made for
any troops who did not perform actual military
service in full concert and cooperation with
the authorities of tho United States and subject
to their orders.
It is provided in the third section that m
making up the accounts the commissioners
shall, for the convenience of the accounting
officers of the Government, state separately the
amounts expended respectively for enrolling,
equipping, arming, subsisting, transporting, and
paying the troops.
.The fourth section directs that in the adjust-
ment of accounts under this act the eommis-
siefners shall not allow for any expenditures 01
compensation for service at a rate greater than
was at the time authorized by the laws of the
United States and the regulations prescribed
by the Secretary of War in similar cases.
It is provided in the fifth section that so
soon as the commissioners shall have made up
the account and ascertained the balance they
shall make written report, showing the different
items of expenditure, to the Secretary of the
Treasury, who shall cause the same to be
examined by the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury, who are to audit the accounts as
in ordinary eases ; and if it should appear that
any sum remains due to theState the Secretary '
of the Treasury is to draw his warrant for. the
sum, payable to the Governor of the State,
and deliver it to hiin.
