THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
Mr. CHANDLER. The appropriation, for
western rivers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then what is the ne-
cessity for this ?
Mr. CHANDLER. The works that are to
■ be. surveyed are defined in the bill for river
and harbor improvements. This is a different
work to be surveyed, but it requires no addi-
tional appropriation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
it read.
The Secretary read the joint resolution, .as
follows:
Be it resolved, &c.. That the Secretary of War be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to cause
surveys, with plans and estimates of oost, to be made
by an officer of engineers, for a ship-canal around
the foils of the Ohio river on the Indiana side thereof,
of suitable location and dimensions for military,
naval, and commercial purposes; and also to_ cause
said officer to estima te the expense of completing the
Louisville and Portland canal, on the Kentucky side
of said falls, according to the plan on which the said
canal company is now progressing with said work,
and that the expenses of both be defrayed from the
sums appropriated in the acts of June 23,1866, and
March 2,1867, for examination and surveys relating
to the improvement of harbors and rivers on the
northwestern lakes.
Mr. HOAVE. I should like to know from the
chairman of the committee what possible ob-
ject there can be in having two canals around
the same falls, one on each side?
Mr. CHANDLER. I am not very conver-
sant with this matter. The member from Cin-
cinnati, and likewise the Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Morton,] told me that the canal already
in use was not large enough. At any rate they
desire a survey, and the House have passed
this resolution ; and the Committee on Com-
merce authorized me, as it appropriated no
money, to report it for the gratification of those
parties. I do not know anything about it.
Mr. HOWE. Let me make one remark.
The Senator says it appropriates no money;
but substantially it does, since it diverts a por-
tion of a fund already dedicated by act of Con-
gress to important works. It diverts a part of
that fund and dedicates it to this work, for
which it seems to me there can be no possible
necessity. I hope that the joint resolution will
lie upon the table, and I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
transportation of troops to the pacific.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the joint reso-
lution which was pending last evening when
we adjourned, The chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs has given it attention,
and it will not occupy more than a moment.
I move that it be considered now, in order that
it may go to the House of Representatives.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 53)
relating to the transportation of troops by the
Isthmus route to the Pacific States and Terri-
tories. It provides that hereafter whenever it
shall be necessary to transport troops to the
Pacific States or Territories, or to bring troops
therefrom, the Secretary of War shall, for one
week or more before ordering the same to be
done, advertise in at least one newspaper at
New York or at San Francisco, as the case
may be, for proposals for such transportation,
and that he shall contract with such person or
persons as shall give sufficient security for the
most rapid and safe conveyance of such troops
at the lowest cost to the Government; but he
shall be at liberty to reject all bids if he shall
believe that the public interests will be pro-
moted thereby.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
confirmation OS direct tax sales.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I am directed
by the Committee on the Judiciary, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 79) to confirm
certain sales made by the direct tax commis-
sioners for South Carolina to persons in the
Army, Navy, or Marine Corps, and for otter
purposes,, to report it back without amend-
ment, and I ask for its immediate considera-
tion. I will state to the Senate that the bill
was prepared at the Treasury Department.
The object of it is this: by_a statute passed in
1862 the commissioner of direct taxes was au-
thorized to S6ll l&nds and to t&k© on© fourth,
in payment, and the remaining three fourths
were to be paid in three years 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion had better be put on taking it up for con-
sideration before it is explained. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
the bill ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I object. I have forgot-
ten all about it. If it can be postponed for a
moment I will look into it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made it lies over under the rule.
adjournment 01? congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the adjourn-
ment resolution, which was returned from the
House of Representatives.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the honorable mem-
ber permit me to waive an objection which I
made just now to a bill reported by the Judi-
ciary Committee? We can pass it in a mo-
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us get this resolution
up first.
Mr. JOHNSON. Very well.
The motion of Mr. Trumbull was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
the interposition of any motion that does not
take anytime. I believe my friend from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Wilson] wishes to introduce
a bill.
bills introduced.
Mr. THAYERasked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce the following
bills ; which were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs:
A bill (S. No. 117) for the relief of Charles
E. Guerie;
A bill (S. No. 118) for the relief of Seth E.
Ward ; and
A bill (S. No. 119) for the relief of B. B.
Mills.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution's. R. No. 54) infavor of Joseph Segar,
of Virginia ; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee op Claims.
confirmation op direct tax sales.
Mr. JOHNSON. There was a bill reported
from the Judiciary Committee by the honora-
ble member from New Jersey [Mr. Freling-
hcysen] a few moments ago. I was not exactly
aware at the time of the nature of the bill, it
not having been seen by me in committee ; but
from his explanation of it I am satisfied that
the bill ought to pass, and pass at once. I
therefore waive my objection, and hope that
the bill may be taken up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maryland withdraws his objection ;
and if there be no further objection, that bill
will be considered as before the Senate, and
will be read.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 79) to
confirm certain sales by the direct tax com-
missioners for South Carolina to persons in the
Army, Navy, or Marine corps, and for other
purposes. The preamble recites that by the
provisions of the eleventh section of an act
entitled "An act for the collection of direct
taxes in insurrectionary districts within the Uni-
ted States, and for other purposes," approved
June 7, 1862, and in accordance with instruc-
tions issued by the President on the 16th of Sep-
tember, 1863, certain lands in the parishes of
St. Helena and St. Luke, South Carolina, which
had been bid in by the United States at public
tax sales, were in part sold by the direct tax
commissioners for South Carolina to persons
serving in the Army, Navy, or Marine corps, on
the following conditions: that one fourth part
of the purchase money should be paid at the
time of sale, and the residue in three years
thereafter, and that the purchaser, his heirs or
assigns, should commit no waste before pay-
ment in full of the purchase money, and that
upon failure to comply with either of these
conditions it should be lawful for-the commis-
sioners or their successors in office to enter
upon the premises so sold and sell them for
the payment of the purchase money due the
United States, returning the overplus, if any,
to the purchaser, his heirs or assigns. The
bill, therefore, proposes to confirm the sales
made to persons in the Armj', Navy, or
Marine corps as provided in the eleventh sec-
tion of the act of June 7, 1802, and under the
instructions of the President to the direct tax
commissioners for South Carolina, upon the
terms and conditions set forth in those instruc-
tions ; and the commissioners, or their success-
ors in office, are authorized, on such terms
and conditions as they, with the approval of
the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe,
to resell at public sale, after giving due notice
as upon the sale of other public lands of the
United States for sixty days, such of the tracts
or parcels of land as may have been sold to
persons who have failed to comply with any of
the conditions of sale prescribed by those in-
structions, and they are authorized to make
one bid on any tract offered at such resale for
and in behalf of the United States.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to have an
explanation of the bill. I am a little fearful
about its passage. It seems to me tKat we
ought at least to give six months' notice to
these persons.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Sixty days is the
time mentioned in the bill.
Mr. WILSON. That is a very short time in
a large country like ours. .1 think six months
is little enough. I hope the bill will be modi-
fied so as to provide for the sale of the lands
after six months' notice, giving them that period
to look about themselves. I have been written
to in regard to these lands by some of the sol-
diers. It has been pretty difficult for them to
comply with the terms of sale, and they want a
little more time in which to do it. I think wo
ought to give them six months at least.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. This matter has
been pressed upon me by the Treasury Depart-
ment. These lands were sold for taxes, and
by the terms of the law under which they were
sold one fourth of the purchase money was to
be paid in cash and three fourths in three years.
The purchasers have failed to comply with the
payment of the three fourths, and there is no
power resting in the Government to make a
resale. The notice has to be, by the law there,
sixty days. I have no objection-to making it
longer ; but I think six months is almost too
long. I suggest four months.
Mr. WILSON. I am very sure that some of
the men who have purchased this land find it
very difficult to pay for it, and would like to
have the time of payment extended for a longer
period than three years. I think if the Senator
would consent to modify the bill so as to give
them six months after the passage of this act
within which to pay the money it would help
them very much.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I accept that
amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I move, then, to strike out
sixty days and insert six months.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That modifi-
cation will be made, if there be no objection.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
SENATE CONTINGENT EXPENSES.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine,
the Senate proceeded to consider the first
amendment of the House to the bill of the
Senate (S. No. 83) making appropriations to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
contingent expenses of the Senate of the Uni-
