1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
401
ted States for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1867, disagreed to by the Senate, and the
amendments, of the Senate to the other amend-
ments of the House to the bill, disagreed to by
the House.
Mr. 'MORRILL, of Maine. I move that the
Senate insist upon its amendments disagreed
to by the House, and agree to the- conference
asked by the House.
The motion was agreed to.
M.r. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that the
conferees on the part of the Senate' be appointed
by the Chair.
The motion'was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Morrill of Maine, Mr. Edmunds, and
Mr. Buckalew the conferees on the part of the
Senate.
john perry.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I am directed by the
Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the bill (EI. II. No. 101) for the relief of John
Perry, to report it without amendment and rec-
ommend its passage; and I ask for its present
consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides that the provisions
of the act supplementary to the several acts
relating to pensions, approved June 6, 1866,
shall apply to J ohn Perry, of Illinois, a pen-
sioner by virtue of a special act approved
March 3, 1859.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
adjournment os congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. _ I hope we shall now
proceed with the question of adjournment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The action
of the House will be read.
The Secretary read as follows :
In the House of Representatives,
March 27,1867.
Resolved, That the House concur in the amendment
of the Senate to the resolution of the House in rela-
tion to the adjournment of the two Houses with the
following amendment: -
Strike out all of the Senate amendment from and
after the word " that" and insert in lieu thereof the
following:
The Semite and House of Representatives do
hereby each give consent to tho other that each
House of Congress shall adjourn its present session
from tho hour of twelve m. on Thursday, the 28th
day of March, instant, to assemble again on the first
Wednesday ot June and tho first Wednesday of Sep-
tember of this year, unless the President j>ro tempore
of tho Senate and the Speaker of the House ot Rep-
resentatives shall by joint proclamation, to be issued
by them ten days before either of the times herein
fixed for assembling, declare that there is no occasion
lor the meeting ot Congress at such time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
amendment so that it mil read according to
the amendment that I send to the Chair. It
is to- strike out all after the word "that" in
the first line of the amendment and insert:
The President of the Senate and the Speaker of the
House of Representatives are hereby instructed to
adjourn their respecti-v e Houses at noon on the 29tli
day of March, instant, to the first Wednesday of July,
1867; and that, unless otherwise ordered by both
Houses, they, at one o'clock in the afternoon of the
next day thereafter, further adjourn their respective
Houses to tho fust Wednesday of November, 1SG7.
Of course it is well known to tlie Senate
that I have voted against having any of these
intermediate midsummer sessions, and have
been in favor of meeting on the 1st of Novem-
ber or the latter part of October for the regu-
lar purposes of business ; and it is also well
understood that the Senate have heretofore,
by a pretty strong majority, disagreed also to
this early meeting or repeated meetings of the
two Houses; but it is equally obvious now that
the other branch of Congress is determined to
have at least two intermediate meetings in some
form. I think it right, therefore, to compromise
this difference on a fnere question of expediency
and safety bj' providing for one which in effect
is contingent. The only change is as to_ the
method of getting at it, so as to bring it within
our constitutional powers; so as to compro-
Conu. 1st Pess.—No. 20.
mise- the difference of opinion which exists
between the two bodies; and in that view I
should hope that the Senate would concur in
the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is only important
as a precedent, it seems#to me. We ha.ve
wasted a good deal of time on this question of
adjournment. I do not regard it as very im-
portant. A large majority of the Senate liave
expressed their opinion that there is no neces-
sity in the state of the public business to de-
mand extraordinary sessions of Congress; that
neither tl^e President nor anybody else has
sufficient power to endanger the public safety
during the usual recess. That is my deliberate
judgment; and I think now that the country
would have more confidence in us, and that we
should have sufficient confidence in the con-
dition of things to go home, taking the usual ad-
journment, and meeting here at the usual time.
But as there is no very serious objection to
any precaution against contingencies that we
cannot foresee, I am not disposed to make any
active opposition to any reasonable measure
to convene Congress in the event of any
such exigency. The House of Representatives
have, by repeated votes, declared that they
think it is necessary to provide for an exigency
not now foreseen, either on account of events
which may ocSur, or on account of power that
may be exercised by other departments of the
Government. If they entertain that fear I do
not object to their guarding against it. The
only question with me is as to the best mode
and method of doing it. The plan which we
agree upon will probably be looked upon as a
precedent hereafter, if a like condition of
things should ever recur.
It seems to me perfectly plain that we can
authorize the Presiding Officers of the two
Houses to convene Congress together ; and if
there is no constitutional doubt about it, that,
it seems to me. is the best way. We fear now
the exercise of power by the Executive. We
therefore propose to provide some plan by
which Congress may be convened to meet un-
foreseen exigencies. The President has the
power to convene us, but we do not choose to
trust him. I have no doubt that under the
Constitution Congress has the power to dele-
gate to the Presiding Officers of the two bodies
the designation of the time and mode and man-
ner of our meeting. If there is anything con-
ferred by the Constitution upon Congress it
is the right to perpetuate its existence during
the entire term of the election of Congress.
We can prescribe the time and place and mode
and manner of meeting. We cannot be pro-
rogued ; we cannot be dissolved ; and herein
Congress differs from allotherlegislative bodies
that I have read of in modern history. The
British Parliament may be prorogued; the
French Chamber of Deputies may be pro-
rogued ; I believe every legislative body now
existing in Europe may be dissolved by the
executive authority; but under the Constitu-
tion of the United States Congress is an inde-
pendent power, and may keep itself in exist-
ence in spite of the Executive. The Execu-
tive has no power over it cxcept. in the single
case of disagreement between the two Houses
as to tho time of adjournment, when he may
fix the time. He has no control over their
meetings. The power is given to Congress to
assemble at tlieir own time and at their own
place. The Constitution provides that they
shall assemble once a year, and that they shall
assemble on the first Monday of December,
unless a different time is fixed. The fourth
clause of the fifth section of the first article
provides that—
"Neither House, during tho session of Congress,
shall, without the consent of the other, adjourn lor
more than three days."
That implies necessarily that with tlie con-
sent of the House it may adjourn at any time,
in any mode, for five days or ten days or fifty
days, provided, however, they meet once a year.
Now. to say that we cannot delegate this power
is a departure from other principles that we
have acted upon. For instance, looking over
the designated: powers of Congress, it is pro-
vided that Congress shall have power " to-bor-
row money on the credit of the united States.'
Does that mean that Congress shall go into the
market to negotiate that money? Mot at all.
It simply means that Congress shall by law
provide the mode and manner in which money
shall be borrowed; and we therefore com-
monly authorize the Secretary of the Treasury
to borrow money upon the credit of the United
States, prescribing the terms and manner.
Money so borrowed is borrowed by "Congress.
So the same language is used in regard to the"
power to coin money. Congress may coin
money. Do we coin money? We authorize
the coining of money at the Mint. And so all
the powers that are given to Congress in the
long list of powers are practically delegated to
some executive officer.
It seems to me, therefore, that there is noth-
ing in the Constitution to prevent us from del-
egating to the Presiding Officers of the two
Houses the right to designate the time when
we shall meet. I cau draw no nice distinc-
tions of that kind; and I think that the best
form. We can trust the Presiding Officers of
the two Houses to designate the time. Wo
can adjourn to- meet at a time designated by
them, provided it is within the year, leaving
the regular session to stand. Therefore, when
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
offered his proposition the other day, it seemed
to me a reasonable one, and I voted for it. I
did not wish to take part in the discussion, or
rather I did not want to occupy time. The
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] seemed
strongly impressed with the idea that it was'
unconstitutional. I shall not now consume
time, but barely repeat my opinion that there
is nothing in the Constitution to prevent us
from adopting that form, and 1 am in favor of
it; and if the proposition is offered by the
Senator from Massachusetts I shall now voto
for it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I have but one idea to
express in answer to the Senator from Ohio.
The President, the . head of the exeoutivo
department, has the power to convene Con-
gress.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not exclusive
at all.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Hero it is proposed'by
a legislative statute to confer that power upon
the President of the Senate and the Speaker
of the House of Representatives. Why, sir,
that power being vested in the Executive, is
in its nature exclusive. Tf it could by statute
be vested in any other officer of the Govern-
ment, or iu any other power, the provision of
the Constitution vesting it in him would be
perfectly nugatory ; it could be defeated at any
time by a majority of tho two Houses of Con-
gress acting in concert or by a statute which
they might enact.
This contains the whole argument, and it is
uselc.-s to go into collateral considerations.
If the power be an executive power, declared
to be such by the Constitution of the United
States, it is impossible by legislation to create
it a statute power and to vest it anywhere
whatever. If the power exist to do this by
statute it may be vested in any other officer
as well as the President of the Senate or the
Speaker of the House; it may be conferred
upon a commission ; it may be conferred upon
the head of the judicial department, that is,
upon the Chief J ustice of the United States;
it may be conferred upon any person whatever,
official or citizen. Such being the results to
which the argument of the Senator from Ohio
tends, it must be unfounded. This power was
regulated by the Constitution, and therefore it
cannot be regulated by statute. That is the
answer which I think any reasonable man
ought to give to the suggestion to which we
11 <sf ptj p<"1.
Mr. SHERMAN. The whole argument is
based upon the idea that the power given to
the President to convene Congress upon ex-
traordinary occasions is an exclusive power.
There is no ground for such an argument.
