402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
The language of the Constitution conferring
this power on the President is—
"He may, on extraordinary occasions, convene
both Houses, or either of them, and in ease of disa-
greement between them with respect to the time of
adjournment, ho may adjourn thom to such time as
he shall think proper."
Tiiis proposition does not interfere with his
constitutional power. If he deems, from any
condition of affairs, that an extraordinary oc-
casion has arisen, he has the power, notwith-
standing our action here, to convene us, even
at a time when the Presiding Officers would
not wish us to assemble. This does not inter-
fere with his power. It is not in the nature
of an exclusive power; but, on the contrary,
the Constitution itself confers upon Congress
absolute power over this question. We may
adjourn from day to day, for.three days at a
time, or for six days at a time, by the consent
of both Houses, or we may continue en perma-
nence, as we should do on an extraordinary
occasion.
The truth is that the Constitution is based
upon the idea that there are three distinct
powers of the Government, the executive, the
legislative, and the judicial, and the executive
has no power whatever to limit, curb, restrain,
or affect in the slightest degree the legislative
power of the Government except so far as the
veto is concerned, which is only a part of the
legislative power. Congress has absolute power
over its time of meeting and its time of ad-
journment, the mode and manner of meeting,
the place of meeting, and all the circumstances
connected with it. This additional power is
given to the President merely to provide for
an exig<>ncy that may arise during the recess
unforeseen, when he may convene us; but it
seems to me it does not prevent Congress, in
the exercise of its clear power over the sub-
ject, from providing that it will meet on the
call of the Presiding Officers of the two Houses.
No difficulty could arise from it. If you, sir,
and the Sppaker of the House, could by proc-
lamation call Congress together, and a quorum
of both Houses should meet hero on your call,
who could dispute the authority of the Congress
thus assembled? Would the President dare
do it? It would be the Congress of the United
States, serving within the time for which it was
elected by the people and the States. Nobody
could interfere with its authority when con-
vened in pursuance of its own law prescribed
by itself. Neither the Executive nor the judi-
ciary could interfere with its power. No one
can call in question the right of Congress to
fix the mode and manner and time and place
of meeting. It seems to me, therefore, the
argument based upon this clause of the Con-
' stitution is unsound, because it goes upon the
supposition that this power of the President is
exclusive in its character when it is not exclu-
sive, the same power being also given to Con-
gress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it bccomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I trust there will be
common consent to lay that important ques-
tion aside.
Mr. SUMNER. What was the unfinished
business?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A motion
to print certain testimony.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that that be
postponed until to-morrow, for the purpose of
enabling us to proceed with the resolution
under consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to say a word or
two m reply to the constitutional argument
of my distinguished friend from Ohio, because
I am considerably surprised that he should
advance the doctrines that he does.
1 believe if has been generally decided by
tiiecourtsof the United States, always decided,
that whese in respect to a particular subject a
joowcrwas gi\cn to one branch of the Govern-
ment it must be taken as a general rule to be
exclusive. Whether that power is granted as
an imperative power that must be exercised,
or as a discretionary power that may be exer-
cised, makes no difference in respect to its
being entirely in th%power of the department
of the Government to which it may be con-
fided. Therefore the fact that the language
of the Constitution is that the President "may''
convene Congress on extraordinary occasions
furnishes no argument in favor of there being
an implied or independent or coexisting power
in some other body, any stronger th|n that ar-
gument would be if the Constitution had said
the President ''shall-' convene Congress on
extraordinary occasions. The object of using
the word "may" rather than "shall" evi-
dently was to repose in him the discretion of
deciding when and what should be an extraor-
dinary occasion that should authorize the re-
assembling of the legislative department of
the Government that had dispersed. If, there-
fore, in the case supposed, Congress may by
law, or without law—because to make a law
takes the assent of the President—if Congress
may by concurrent resolution provide some
other power or tribunal or test for the assem-
bling of Congress on extraordinary occasions,
it seems to me that you overturn the grant of
most of the powers that are supposed, and
always have been supposed, to be exclusive,
that the Constitution confers on any of the
departments of the Government.
I think, then, that most lawyers would agree
with me in saying, and most judges have agreed
in saying, that where power over a particular
subject is reposed in one department of the
Government, whether imperative or discretion-
ary, no matter which, that power is to be ex-
ercised by that department to the exclusion of
others, because otherwise there would be a
conflict of departments at once if they should
happen to disagree. And in order to reach
that construction it is not necessary that the
language should be in terms exclusive, as if
the Constitution-makers were drawing up pleas
in abatement and were obliged to rebut every
possible implication.
But look a little further. What are the
powers vested in Congress? My friend says
that they are authorized to borrow money; and
he inquires with an air of triumph, "Is it to
be said that Congress is to form itself into a
committee and go about the streets borrowing
money? It must employ agents to execute its
will." That is a perfectly fair argument; but
let me remind my friend that by another pro-
vision of the Constitution Congress, in order
to borrow money, must do it by law. It is
not the two Houses of Congress that borrow
money, although the term "Congress" is used.
Every one of the legislative powers vested in
the two Houses is referred to Congress as a
body _; but there is another clause of the Con-
stitution which declares that no act of theirs
shall become a law or be valid until it is ap-
proved by the President of the United States,
or passed against his disapproval by two thirds
of the body. Therefore, when we go into the
market to borrow money or exercise any other
one of the functions that the Constitution re-
poses in us, we execute and perform those
functions by force of a law which selects the
agents, leaves nothing to discretion except to
perform our will.
How do you distinguish, says my friend, be-
tween that case and the one under considera-
tion? Why, sir, what are we to do here?
Without law the two Houses are to delegate to
their Presiding Officers a discretion as to will,
as to time, as to emergency. When the Presi-
dent of the Senate and the Speaker of the
House of Representatives get together to eon-
suit as to the state of public safety, to say
whether we ought to assemble or not, are they
executing our will, or are they exercising an
individual judgment and discretion of their own
over the subject of when Congress should as-
semble, or whether there is occasion for it,
which we have undertaken to confide to them ?
There is no principle better known in consti-
tutional or legislative law than that legislative
powers cannot be delegated. That is well un-
derstood everywhere. Now, what do we dele-
gate in this case? We do not delegate the
performance of an executive act, executing our
will at a particular time; we might do that;
but we delegate the trust that we ourselves
now may decide if we choose to two persons
to decide, when and under what circumstances
Congress shall reconvene. There is no war-
rant for that in the Constitution, as it seems to
me. When you, sir, and the Speaker of'the
House act under such an authority, you are not
doing anything that we have required you to
do, but you are exercising an authority depend-
ent upon your own judgment and discretion,
instead of depending upon ours. Your discre-
tion and judgment may be perfectly right, and
I have no doubt would be as a matter of fact,
but as a matter of law the judgment and dis-
cretion which the Constitution imposes in these
two bodies is delegated to one member of each;
and we should have exactly the same power in
making a law to delegate to the Presiding Offi-
cers of the two Houses the power to make that
law, provided the President would approve it,
that we should have to delegate this authority,
because it is a function that we must exercise
as a body, we must'decide. Having decided,
we can leave it to the executive officers pos-
sibly to carry our decision into effect, and that
is the ground upon which my amendment is
offered. That is, we decide that we will ad-
journ to a particular day, and then if a particu-
lar contingency does not happen it is left to
nobody's discretion, to nobody's judgment, but
an existing fact; then you are further directed
to do another thing, and you do it. That pos-
sibly, probably, we may lawfully do, although
that would be open to some slight doubt as
standing in opposition to that clause which
authorizes less than a quorum of the two bodies
to adjourn from day to day—a clear and ex-
press grant of power to less than a quorum to
adjourn from day to day and to continue to sit.
But still my own opinion is that this law will
stand the test of constitutional investigation as
executing an order of the two Houses when
they again meet, acting on their responsibility.
Less than that it appears we cannot possibly do.
But my friend from Ohio says, " What it'this
power is doubtful; who can question it; who
can overthrow us; if we meet here even if we
have not the authority," as he seems to main-
tain, " on your call and that of the Speaker of
the House, who is to turn us out, who is to
question our supreme authority to be an organ-
ized and legal body?" I will answer that by
putting a similar question: suppose we ad-
journ without day and go home, and then we
get together here all of us on the 4th day of
July, and you take your chair, and the Speaker
takes his, who is to question our authority? -1
take it, it would be the duty of the executive
department of the Government to question our
authority unless he means to have a mob legis-
late. We should be an assemblage of highly
respectable individuals who had gotten together
in Washington on the 4th day of July, that is
all; and the Executive in my opinion would
be perfectly justified in holding no communi-
cation with us whatever, because it would be a
revolutior^ry assemblage and nothing else.
However perfect and pure the motives of every
man who assembled here might be, however
high the emergency which should call us
together, the body would be nothing but a
revolutionary body; and in these disturbed and
troublous times it would be a sad precedent
indeed to undertake to disorganize the order
we have for the purpose of stumping somebody
to question it. If there is any ground to sup
pose that there is any need at all for our com-
ing together in midsummer, we ought to avoid
every possible question as to the regularity of
the means by which we get together. There
is much less question in the* manner that-pro-
posed than there is in the other, as it appears
to me.
"Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, the Senator
from Vermont in the remarks which he has
