404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
noth Housos, thoy, at one o'clock on the afternoon
of the next day thereafter, farther adjourn their
respective Houses to the first Monday of December,
1867.
Mr. 'TRUMBULL. I have not changed the
views which I originally entertained as to the
propriety of an adjournment of Congress in
the usual way to the usual time of meeting ;
but there seems to be a difference between the
two Houses on that subject, and a desire on
the part of the House of Representatives, and
many members of the Senate' also, that Con-
gress should retain within itself in some form
the power of assembling at some intermediate
time or times. While I do not attach any
importance to that provision, while I do not
believe that if that simple authority is given
there will be any occasion to exercise it, and
trust there may be none, still, as we must
arrange this matter satisfactorily, and, if we
can, come to some sort of an agreement, and
I do not regard it as any sacrifice of principle,
I am not disposed to be tenacious about the
form of adjournment, and shall acquiesce with
our friends in providing for- an intermediate
session.
In regard to the difficulty or supposed diffi-
culty of my friends from Missouri and Indiana,
I suggest to them that all possible question
would be avoided, and the resolution would be
just as weli, if the words "unless otherwise
ordered" were stricken out. Then it would
make it the duty of the Presiding Officers to
adjourn their respective Houses from the first
Wednesday of July, if that is the day fixed, to
the first Monday of^December. That will be
made their duty ; but if a majority come here
and rescind the resolution no adjournment
will take place. I think we need not say any-
thing about "unless otherwise ordered." The
words "unless otherwise ordered" have no
legal effect.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Why not say
"unless otherwise ordered by a quorum of
each House?"
Mr. TRUMBULL. It could only be by a
quorum ; less than a quorum could not make
the order. If a resolution is now passed by
both Houses directing the Presiding Officers
of the respective Houses at a particular lime
to close the session, they must close it at that
time ; but if before that time arrives the reso-
lution is rescinded they cannot close the ses-
sion at that time. The words "unless other-
wise ordered" in the resolution have no
meaning in a legal sense. If a quorum catnc
here at the_time designated and desired to
transact business, as a matter of course they
would rescind the resolution, and then the
Presiding Officers could not carry' it into
effect.
Mr. JOHNSON. The amendment offered
by the honorable member from Vermont gets
rid of the constitutional objection to which I
think the original proposition was obnoxious.
I do not propose, therefore, to state why, in
my opinion, that was liable to constitutional
objection; but so far as the amendment is con-
cerned it is justified as I think by the power
which Congress has, if the two Houses can
agree, to adjourn from month to month or to
any specific time. In other words, the power
of adjournmentwithoutany limitation whatever
as to the time of adjournment is vested exclu-
sively in the two Houses of Congress, if they
can agree in its exercise. On the contingency
of their not being able to agree the Constitu-
tion provides that the Executive shall fix the
day. The only doubt, therefore, is the one sug-
gested by the honorable member from Missouri
as to the construction of the amendment. I
understand him to say that if the amendment
passes it will be in the power of less than a
quorum of either branch, if they should be
present at the first day to which the two Houses
are to stand adjourned, to prevent an adjourn-
ment over by exercising the power which is in
words by the Constitution conferred upon each
House of adjourning from day to day at the
instance of a number less than a quorum.
Mr. DRAKE. If thehonorable Senator will
allow me, I will state that I did not assert that
power for less than a- quorum, but I said the
matter was open for question.
' Mr. JOHNSON. So I understood. Theonly
doubt is whether the suggestion is warranted
at all. I think, with all respect to the honor-
able member, that it is not warranted, Congress
having the authority to adjourn certainly has
the authority to direct the Presiding Officers to
adjourn them on any day.they think proper;
and that has been often done, and when the
hour fixed for the adjournment arrives the Pre-
siding Officers in the two branches announce
that Congress stands adjourned. Then the
only question is whether they will be bound so
to declare on the second day, to which the
adjournment is to be made by this amendment,
provided there be any members then present
claiming the right to adjourn from day to day.
I think the power very clear, and that it would
then be the duty of the Presiding Officers to
adjourn the two Houses unless they were or-
dered not to adjourn them by both Houses.
Now, what is a House, and what is a Senate
competent to pass an order? It is a quorum
of each branch, and consequently if there is
not a quorum on" the day at which the adjourn-
ment is to be had the Presiding Officers will be
as much bound to declare Congress adjourned
on the second day as they will be bound to
declare Congress adjourned on the first day.
The honorable Senator from Illinois sug-
gests that the difficulty mentioned by the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri might be avoided
by striking out of the amendment the words
''unless otherwise ordered." With due def-
erence to him, I think that, if adopted, would
give more force to the objection than it would
have if the amendment were passed in the
shape in which it is presented by the honora-
ble member from Vermont; for then it would
read that the two Houses are to adjourn on
Friday, if thati^ the day we are to fix, until the
first Wednesday of July, and that they are on
ihat day to adjourn to December. Now, sup-
pose we pass it in that form without providing
that that authority to adjourn from July to
December is to be subject to the order of the
two Houses; then, if less than a majority of
the Senate are here on that day, and less than
a majority of the other House, those present
may claim that we have not taken from them
the authority to adjourn from day to day, and
they may say that they will continue to exer-
cise that power until they can bring in a quo-
rum, and as they have the authority under the
Constitution to adjourn from day to day, being
less than a quorum, and to send for absent
members, they may send for them.
I may be wrong in what I have stated in
relation to the suggested alteration of the
amendment which came from the honorable
Senator from Illinois; but I am satisfied, with
due respect to the honorable member from
Missouri, that I must be right when I say that
unless there is a quorum of the two Houses
present on the day to which we propose first
to adjourn by the terms of the resolution it
will be the duty of the Presiding Officers to
adjourn Congress on that day, and it will be
their duty, if there is a quorum present, to ad-
journ on that day unless the two Houses order
otherwise.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Vermont.
Mr. ANTHONY. Is that amendable ?
The PRESIDENT protcmpore. No. It is in
the second degree now.
Mr. ANTHONY. I would suggest Saturday,
the 30th, instead of Friday, the 29th, as the day
of adjournment.
Mr. DRAKE. I wish to inquire of the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont what his partic-
ular reason is for fixing on a day in July instead
of June for the two Houses to meet.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The particular reason I
had, being opposed myself to meeting in June
or July or August, was to accommodate the
views of the Senate, if I could, to those of the
House, who were determined to have two meet-
ings, one in June apd one in Septeuber, by
dividing the time and putting one meeting in
July, so that the spaces between now and July,
and July and December, would be nearly equal.
The theory of somebody seems to be that there
is some apprehended danger of some extraor-
dinary ev^nt or something that is likely to hap-
pen at som  time, nobody knows when, that
we ought to keep watch of; and-therefore, cal-
culating the probability of chances, it seems
most likely that we shall hit this calamity by
dividing the time as nearly equally as possible.
That is the only reason I can give.
Mr. DRAKE, I would suggest that the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont might know per-
fectly well, as doubtless he does know, that
nothing short of a convulsion of empires would
bring a majority of the two Houses here in the
month of July.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope nothing short of
that will.
Mr. DRAKE. I hope the Senator's amend-
ment will not be adopted.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Vermont, as it is in order
now to make inquiries of him, whether he
regards this as a continuous session from the
first meeting of Congress on^ the 4th day of
March until the first Monday in December, or
whether these are two different sessions ? Is
the meeting of Congress in July, in case it
should occur, to begin a new session, or is it
to be a part of this session ? If we agree to
this resolution, and Congress adjourns from
July to the first Monday in December, I should
like to know whether Congress then meets, in
accordance with the provisions of the Consti-
tution, and commences a new session, or
whether it is to meet under this resolution in
continuation of this session, and whether we
come back on the first Monday of December to
attend the first session of the Fortieth Con-
gress? If that be so, as I am a member of the
Finance Committee, it is necessary that I
should intimate to gentlemen that if we come
back on the first Monday of December to
attend a meeting of this session of Congress,
we shall not be entitled to mileage, as I under-
stand. But if we come back on the first Mon-
day of December, pursuant to the provision
of the Constitution, we then come to commence
a new and distinct session of Congress. I find
that at the last session an act was passed pro-
viding '■
"That in addition to the present regular times of
meeting of Congress, there shall be a meeting of tlio
Fortieth Congress of the United States, and of each
succeeding Congress thereafter, at twelve o'clock
meridian on the 4th day of March, the day on which
the term begins for which the Congress is elected,
except that when the 4th of March occurs on Sun-
day, then tho meeting shall take place at the same
hour on the next succeeding day.
"Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That no person
who was a member of the previous Congress shall
receive any compensation as mileage for going to
or returning from the additional session provided for
by the foregoing section."
This law provides for an additional meeting
of the Fortieth Congress on the 4th day of
March, and it is a law passed by both Houses
and approved by the President, as provided
for in the Constitution. Now, I desire to
know whether the meeting for which this con-
current resolution provides, on the first Wednes-
day of July, is or is not a meeting such as this
law provides for, or is it the reassembling of
this identical session of Congress, and will
the meeting, for which this resolution provides,
on the first Monday of December, be a reas-
sembling of this first session of the Fortieth
Congress? *
Mr. ANTHONY. This is the first session
of the Fortieth Congress.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I know it is; but this
resolution provides for an adjournment to a
particular day in July, and then for a meeting
on tho first Monday of December; and it seems
to me that the meeting on the first Monday of
December, for which it provides, will be sim-
ply another meeting of the first session of the
Fortieth Congress ; and other questions will
arise. Is the time between this and the first
Wednesday in July a recess, such as the Con-
