1867.
tSe congressional globe.
405
stitution contemplates, in which the President
can fill vacancies, or is Congress in session ?
And after that time, until the first Monday of
December, is there a recess in which, when
vacancies occur, the President can fill them.;
or is Congress still in session? I should like
some _ explanation on these points, as they
occasion trouble in my mind. I presume the
honorable Senator from Vermont can make
the explanation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend has put me so
many knotty questions that I want to ask his
leave to wait until the first Monday of Decem-
ber before I answer them all, as we have a
great deal to do just now. But it is true, as
he says, in substance, that the last clause of
this amendment is entirely unnecessary; an
adjournment without day would effectuate pre-
cisely the same purpose ; and as he seems to
have a good many metaphysical doubts in his
mind upon that subject (and I never knew that
he had any upon any other, -I am glad to say)
I will relieve those doubts by disposing of the
subject by a further modification, so that the
amendment will simply direct the Speaker of
the House and the President of the Senate, on
the occasion named in July, to adjourn their
respective Houses without dayj the effect of
which will be to carry us over to December,
and I do that in deference to the painful state
of anxiety that I see my friend from Oregon
is in.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is some question
as to whether the time between this and the
first Wednesday of July will not be a recess,
during which a great many employes would
draw their compensation. I presume myself,
as the session would be continued, and this
would be a mere recess and not an adjourn-
ment, the clerks of committees, &e., would
draw their pay. I presume it is not the pur-
pose to have anything of that kind done, and
therefore I want to add a provision on that
subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection, if
the provision is such a one that it does not
require presidential assent.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is a matter in the
power of either House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will hear the Senator's
proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN.
to add this
propose
proviso :
Provided, That clerks of committees of the Senate
and the House of Representatives, who do not re-
ceive a yearly compensation, shall only be paid for
the days that Congress shall be actually in session
previous to the first Monday of December next.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will modify my amend-
ment by adding that.
Mr. DRAKE. I believe the amendment
offered by the Senator from Vermont is open
to amendment, is it not?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not.
Mr. DRAKE. Is it not in order to strike
out "July" and insert "June?"
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is not open to amendment unless by the
consent of the mover. He may modify it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish further to modify
my amendment to meet another objection that
has been made or to avoid a conclusion, and
that is to insert after "1867" where it occurs
after " July" the words " when the President
of the Senate and the Speaker of the House
of Representatives shall cause the roll of each
House respectively to be called," and then
after the word " thereafter" to insert the same
words. I also propose to name the 30th of
March as the day for the adjournment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the reading of
the amendment as modified.
The Secretary read as follows:
That the President of the Senate and the Speaker
of the House of Representatives are hereby instructed
to adjourn their respective Houses at noon on the
30th day of March, instant, to the first Wednesday of
July. 1867, when the President ot the faenate and the
Speaker of the House of Representatives shall cause
the roll of each House respectively to be read, and
that unless otherwise ordered by both Houses they
at one o'clock in the afternoon of the nextday there-
after. when they shall'cause the roll of each liouse
respectively to be read, shall thereupon turther
adjourn their respective Houses without day.
Mr. DRAKE. That is in substance, if I
understand it now, coming around to the po-
sition I asked the gentleman to take. I asked
him to use simply the language " unless a quo-
rum of both Houses be present the said offi-
cers shall further adjourn," &c. Now, the
gentleman gives direction that the roll shall be
called, and then the two Houses shall adjourn.
That, I take it, is just about coming around to
the position I have been struggling here now
on two occasions to get the Senate to, when it
might be expressed in about six words : " un-
less a quorum of both Houses be present." I
hope the amendment will be put in such a
shape that we can understand it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like, at some
stage of our proceedings on this resolution, to
get a distinct vote upon the question of adjourn-
ing at twelve o'clock to-morrow, free from all
other questions ; and I desire to ascertain from
the Chair at what stage I can accomplish that
object. I am content to do it by dividing the
question on the motion submitted by the Sen-
ator from Vermont, or by moving to strike out
all that part of his resolution which follows the
first provision. In whichever mode I can ac-
complish it, I desire to make some motion so as
to raise distinctly the simple question of an
absolute adjournment at twelve o'clock to-
morrow. Would it be in order to make a
motion to strike out any part of the amend-
ment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Such a
motion would not now be in order.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Then I ask for a divis-
ion of the question, so as to have a vote first
on the first clause of the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would suggest to the
Senator from Pennsylvania that he will accom-
plish the object by voting down all the amend-
ments. The resolution which the Senate passed
originally is pending here, and there is a House
amendment to it, to which amendment we now
propose an amendment. The resolution of the
Senate is a clean resolution for an adjourn-
ment of the two Houses, closing the session in
the ordinary way. If these amendments be
voted down, we come back to the original prop-
osition passed by the Senate, which was that
the Presiding Officers close the present session
by an adjournment of the two Houses at twelve
o'clock to-day; but that could be altered so as
to read "to-morrow" or " Saturday." If these
amendments are all voted down we then come
back to our original proposition.
Mr. HOWARD. I believe that as the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont now reads,
there is to be but one intermediate meeting on
the first Wednesday of July. I would inquire
of him if I am correct in that?.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir. It only pro-
vides for a meeting on the first Wednesday of
July and for a final adjournment on the next
day.
Mr..HOWARD. I am opposed to that. I
prefer the House resolution to that. If it be
necessary to take any precautions at all between
this time and the first of December, it seems
to me that two meetings are at lqpst few enough
in that regard. I hope this amendment will
not be made.
Mr. DRAKE. I understand that no amend-
ment can now be offered to this amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
amendable.
Mr. DRAKE. And I understand that after
the Senate shall have adopted it there can then
be no amendment offered to it; and therefore
we have got to take the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Vermont as a whole or reject it
as a whole. Am I right in that?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Entirely right.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This is an
amendment in the second degree, and is not
open to further amendment. It may be that
after it is adopted, amendments can still be
nidido
Mr. DRAKE. The gentleman from Ver-
mont insists upon it that his amendment has
to be taken now as a whole or rejected as a
whole, and that if it is adopted by the Senate
it is not subject to amendment after its adop-
tion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is true.
Mr. DRAKE. If that is the ease I hope the
Senate will not adopt it; for I think it defeats
the whole object we have in view in an in-
termediate session of Congress, or paving the
way for it, on the first Wednesday of July.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to 'modify the
language of the amendment which I suggested.
It_ seems that the clerks of some of' the eom-'
mittees of the House, like the Committee on
the Judiciary, are actually employed now, and
will be during the recess, under the orders of
their committees. They ought to be paid. I
therefore modify the proviso which 1 offered
so as to read :
Provided, That clerks of committees of the Senate
and House of Representatives who do not reoeive a
yearly compensation, and who aro not actually em-
ployed during tho rocess by order ot a committee of
either House, shall only be paid for the days that
Congress shall be actually in session previous to tho
first Monday of December.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I accept that modifica-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be so modified.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to Say to the Sen-
ator from Missouri that it is true that by our
rules—andthere must be rulesforeverything—
the amendment which I have proposed cannot
be amended in hostility to its purpose, that is,
against my consent; and of course every Sen-
ator understands that if he has any better prop-
osition which he thinks the Senate is likely
to agree to, all he has to do is to vote against
this. If this amendment is rejected, then the
question will be, what shall be done next; and
my friend from Missouri can submit his prop-
osition.
I-stated to the Senate before that I did not
like my own amendment, because I did not
believe in meeting in July or any other inter-
mediate time, except October or November,
and then forthepnrposeof business, and notfor
the purpose of any unforeseen emergency, but
to go on with the work. I believe 1 have ex-
plained as fully as it was necessary that I only
proposed this amendment with a view of ac-
commodating in a degree our views to those of
the House of Representatives, who have just
as good a right as we have to have their opin-
ions about it, and they think there ought to be
a good many intermediate meetings.
Mr. DRAKE. In consequence of the re-
marks just made by the honorable Senator
from Vermont, I wish to give notice that if
his amendment fails I shall offer one which
will manifestly be more in accordance with
the wishes of the House of Representatives,
and with the permission of the Senate 1 will
read it now. It is to strike out of the House
amendment all after the word " June" and in
lieu thereof to insert "when," that is, on the
first Monday of June, " unless a quorum of
both Houses be present said officers shall
further adjourn the said Houses over until the
first Wednesday of Septembernext, when, un-
less a quorum of both Houses be present, they
shall further adjourn the said Houses without
day.''
This will be manifestly more in accordance
with the wishes of the other branch of Con-
gress. They have sent us a proposition here
for two days of meeting between now and
December. The gentleman substitutes one.
I hope that his amendment will not be adopted,
so that we shall have an opportunity to vote
upon this other.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senate seems to have
arrived at a point where the difference is one
of form rather than of substance. We have
been occupied for some minutes, ay more
than that, almost an htfur. in discussing the
phraseology of the resolution. We have reached
the great point which was the subject of such
earnest discussion two or three days ago, that
Congress ought in some way or other to secure
