406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
to itself the power of meeting during the long
period between now and next December. I
understand Senators are all agreed on that
point. They adopt it. I am glad of it. It
has been only by time and by discussion that
we have reached that harmony. The House
has given us three opportunities. The old story
of the Sybil has been repeated. Onee, twice,
thrice she came. Twice the king rejected the
book of wisdom. Twice the Senate has ^ejected
the offer of the Hoiise; and now the third
time, so far as I can understand by what has
fallen from Senators in this discussion, it is
ready to adopt the proposition of the House;
substantially I mean, for the proposition of the
House, as I understand it, is simply to secure
to Congress an opportunity of coming together
during the summer and autumn. Now, the
practical question is, how shall that best be
accomplished ? For one, I am ready to accept
either of the forms proposed. I am willing to
accept the form that the House sent us; I do
not see that that is objectionable. I am ready,
if I can get nothing better, to accept the form
just now proposed by the Senator from Ver-
mont j but I must confess that I do think the
form proposed by the Senator from Missouri
is briefer, clearer, better. Therefore, I am
free to say that if I could have my own way
about it I would set aside the proposition of
the Senator from Vermont, and fall back upon
that of the Senator from Missouri. It seems
to me that it better expresses the •conclusion
which I am glad to see we have at last reached.
I believe it is already settled that we shall
not adjourn to-morrow. Am I right in that ?
I believe the proposition is to adjourn on Sat-
urday.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I am glad of it. That is a
gain of a day. Wo were to adjourn to-day at
twelve o'clock, and then again we were to ad-
journ to-morrow at twelve o'clock, and now
it is put off until Saturday. I think the Senate
would do much better if it put off'the adjourn-
ment until next week. There is important busi-
ness now on your table which ought to b<* con-
sidered. Here is a bill on your table, "a bill
providing for a change in the time of electing
a mayor and other officers for the city of Waslr-
ington." It is simply to give the new voting*
population of Washiugton an opportunity ot
electing a mayor. They arc during this com-
ing month of June to elect a city government,
aldermen, and a common council, but not a
mayor. What will be the condition of things
if they do not elect a mayor? You will have a
mayor elected under the old dispensation when
colored people did not vote, and surrounded by
a city government elected under the new dis-
pensation when colored people do vote. Now,
1 think that you ought to bring the different
branches ofthe government of the city of Wash-
ington into harmony. That can only be done
by a new act of Congress authorizing the elec-
tion of a mayor this month of June, at the same
time that they elect other city oflieers.
That is a question of great importance, Cit-
izens in Washington are very much perplexed
by the idea that Congress may go home with-
out attending to that important question. For
instance, I have a letter that I have received
this morning from a citizen here, from which
I will read a brief sentence:
"We Republicans would feel exceedingly sorry if
Congress should adjourn without passing that most
import-ant bill. May we not ask that the Committee
for the District report said bill and proviso at the
earliest inomeut possible?"
Then here is a resolution adopted by a Re-
publican club on Monday, the 18th of March,
as follows:
" We earnestly deprecate any action oftheFortteth
Congres? which would prevent the ordinary muni-
cipal election, and we respectfully ask the imme-
diate passage ofthe bill, nowin the hands of the€om-
mittee for the District, authorizing an election for
mayor and comptroller in the month of June next."
Are you ready to <go home leaving the gov-
ernment of the city of Washington in this
anomalous condition, with a mayor who will
not sympathize with the majority of the popu-
lation or with his associates in the city govern-
ment? That is something to do. Senators say
we have completed our work. I answer there
is something to do.
Then here is another proposition which I
have once before characterized as an effort to
cut the gordian knot of the suffrage question.
Here is a bill introduced by myself the other
day to carry out various constitutional provis-
ions, securing political rights in all our States,
precisely as we have already secured civil
rights. The importance of,this bill at this
moment cannot be exaggerated. There is not
a Senator now on this floor who does not know
the anxious condition of things in the neigh-
boring State of Maryland for the want of just
such a bill us this. Let Congress interfere
under the Constitution and exercise a power
that clearly belongs to it, that I submit now
can no longer be questioned, and settle this
whole suffrage question, so that it shall no
longer agitate the politics of the States, so that
it shall no .longer be the occasion of dissen-
sion, possibly of bloodshed in the State of
Maryland or in Delaware, or I may say of any
difference of opinion in Ohio. Let us settle the
question before wo go home. That is one
reason why I am glad we have postponed our
adjournment until Saturday. I wish we could
go further and continue in session until we
hav reached a conclusion on at least these
two important bills.
When I rose 1 had no purpose of calling
attention to these, matters now. My special
object was to express my satisfaction that the
Senate at last is disposed to harmonize with
the other House on the important question of
securing to Congress the power of meeting
during the summer and autumn. That is a
great point gained, I submit, for the peace and
the welfare of the country. Without it you will
leave this country a prey to the President; you
will leave our Uniou friends throughout all the
South a prey to the same malignant usurper.
Mr. YATES. I rise almost for the identical
purpose which actuated the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts. I rise to congratulate
some of my peers upon the wise conclusion to
which they have come. 1 especially thank the
honorable Senator from Ohio for the graceful
manner in which he has letired from his for-
mer position to the present position which has
been adopted by the House. Sir, this is one
of the propositions for which I have been in
dead earnest. I verily believe, or I should not
have spoken—for I have not troubled the Sen-
ate with my speeches—that if this Congress
had adjourned without the power to reassem-
ble, it would have been the greatest mistake
of the century and of the age in which we live.
1 am not one of those who desire that the
Union Republican party, which has fought this
glorious battle so long upon principle, shall
stop half way. Sir, the moment that a progress-
ive party in this country or any other stops
half way, the moment it shows any faltering
in courage, in determination to carry it's pur-
poses, that moment that party commences the
backward movement. '' Progress, onward and
onward," is the motto of every truly progress-
ive party, ft we had adjourned under the
circumstances supposed by the honorable
Senator from Ohio we should have lost the
prestige which now belongs to the Republican
Union party, and our party would have met
the fate of all those conservative Union pro-
jects which heretofore have killed off so many
of our greatest and best men. Our political
graves are now full of the dead of buried con-
servatism.
The honorable Senator from Ohio says there
is no danger. Why, sir, when we adjourned
last summer We found this President, who is
opposed to us, who is opposed to pur policy,
who is in^favor of southern and secession^pol-
iey, conniving at the revolutionary proceedings
in the State of Maryland. We found him giv-
*ng governmental sanction, as it were, to the
proceedings of Governor Swann, and attempt-
ing there to frustrate or to thwart a fair regis-
tration of the voters of that State. Sir, no
danger from the President 1 Look upon that
bloodiest picture in the book of time, the New
Orleans riot—the bloodiest, except the mur-
derous assassination of our noble and great
President. No danger, sir, when the Pres-
ident of the-United States, with the weak-
ness of Caligula and the despotism that
characterized that tyrant and- rendered him
memorable for his cruelty, could sit in the
White House and not only look coolly upon,
but cause intervention in favor of, and give his
direct sanction and approval to the means by
which that bloodiest picture was consummated,
to these acts of barbarity which sent a shudder
throughout the world 1
Tell me not there is no danger from such a
President as that! Tell me not there is no
danger if Congress leaves the mighty interests'
of this nation and the measures of reconstruc-
tion, which it hasbcen so long inaugurating, in
the hands of a man whom we know to be the
enemy ofthe country, from the standpoint from
which wo view it, a man who has consulted
with its enemies, who has abandoned his own
party, who has proven untrue to every principle
by which he secured our suffrages.
Sir, how soon, how very soon may the tide
of political fortune be turned. A change in
the result of the elections of New York, Indi-
ana, and Ohio would transfer the power of this
Government from the hands of the Republican
Union party into the hands of secessionists and
sympathizers with secession. While I am as
sanguine as any man upon the subject of suf-
frage, while I believe that if we fight out that
battle faithfully and truly we can carry it in the
northern States, yet when I see so much con-
servative feeling as seeins to have been mani-
fested in the Legislature of the State of Ohio
I am not sure that we can carry universal suf-
frage in more than four or five of the northern
States.
We are very apt to imagine there is no dan-
ger. It is a delightful consolation for honora-
ble Senators, in view of the stubborn facts by
which tlicy are surrounded, to sit still upon
1 their seats and say there is no danger. One
honorable Senator has even gone so far as to
suggest that if an exigency should arise the
President of the United States would call the
two Houses together. Sir, he would not call
these bodies together until Gabriel sounded his
trumpet. He would rather see the ghost of Ban-
quo than to see the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin and such men as him here to attend
to his case.
Mr. HOWE. I suggest that the Senator
from Illinois does the taste of the President of
the United States great injustice in the sug-
gestion he has just made. [Laughter.]
Mr. YATES. De giixfihus non est dispu-
ianclum. I am willing and desire to stay here
until the measure to which my friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] has just alluded
and that introduced by his colleague [Mr.
Wilson] can be carried out. I think it was
in I860, on the 4th day of July, that I took
ground for universal suffrage. 1 believe I was
then the only politician in the country who
came out publicly for universal su ffrage. Other
gentlemen were for "impartial suffrage."
Even Frederick Douglass and Wendell Phil-
lips were not then in favor of universal suf-
frage; they were satisfied with impartial suf-
frage. One year ago I introduced a bill which
declared that universal suffrage should be the
law in every State of this Union, not only in
the rebel States, but in the State of Illinois, "and
I based my proposition upon the constitutional
amendment abolishing slavery in every State
and Territory of this Union, and particularly
upon that clause of it which authorizes Con-
gress to enforce freedom by appropriate legis-
lation. I took the ground then, which I main-
tain to-day, that the black man can never have
his freedom in this country until fye has polit-
ical as well as civil rights. I objected then, and
I object now, to the strenuous effort made to
draw a distinction between civil and political
freedom. I maintain that that difference does
not exist; but whether it-exists or not, I stand
here to day, and those Senators who then voted
