W8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
of the State of Ohio. The people of Ohio take
care of their own affairs, and they do not care
what Senators here think and say of them. I
tell you further that any attempt of Congress
to interfere with matters which are within the
legitimate power of the people of Ohio will
only cheek their movements in the direction
that you desire them to march. By this course
you only excite among them a feeling of State
pride, the same feeling which led many of the
southern States into rebellion. My own de-
liberate conviction is that suffrage in Ohio will
within a very few years be universal. I have
not a doubt of it. I here express my own
opinion on that subject. During the session
I have written public letters to different mem-
bers of the Legislature, giving my views.
There is no opposition to universal suffrage
among the Republicans of Ohio, the newspa-
pers to the contrary notwithstanding; but there
are some difficulties in the way. We are all
committed there to the principle of universal
suffrage; and why? Because we cannot fairly
demand of the people of the southern States
universal suffrage as a condition of their read-
mission to representation unless we yield it
ourselves. Every man of the party to which
I belong in Ohio feels the force of this consid-
eration, and is well aware that it would be
totally inconsistent to impose conditions on
the southern States that we are not willing to
apply to ourselves.
By the constitution of Ohio a convention
will meet within three years to revise the whole
State constitution, and then there will be no
difficulty. In order, however, to amend the
constitution in the mean time the amendment
must be submitted by two thirds, or a majority
of the Legislature, 1 liav$ forgotten which, and
it must be voted for by a majority of all the
electors voting at the election; and it will be
remembered that on that point in regard to the
reconstruction law we had quite a discussion
here; and the same difficulty which was ex-
plained then occurs in Ohio. Two hundred
thousand persons might vote "yea" on a
constitutional amendment and only two vote
"nay," and yet if those twohundred thousand
were not a majority of all the votes cast for any
person on the ticket on that election the con-
stitutional amendment would not be adopted.
There is a difficulty. Now, the question with
the Legislature of Ohio was whether we had
better now submit the matter again to the
people of the State, it having been once before
submitted and rejected, and take their sense
upon it at the coming fall election, or whether
it would be better to postpone it until the
organization of a State convention to revise the
constitution, which will undoubtedly provide
for universal suffrage.
There is no difference of sentiment among
the Republicans of Ohio on the question. I
have myself, and I know my colleague has
done the same, urged members of the Legis-
lature, in deference to the general public opin-
ion of our party throughout the United States,
to present the question to the people this fall,
in the hope that by making it a party move-
ment a sufficient number of the votes cast at
the election may be obtained in favor of it. 1
have no doubt that when the election takes
place a great majority of those voting on the
proposition will vote in favor of it; but there
must be a majority of all the votes cast at the
time for any one of the officers on the ticket
the same year. That is the difficulty in the
way. My impression is, the recent informa-
tion I have from Ohio is, that the Legislature
will take this course and submit the question
at the coming fall election. But let me say to
Senators that nothing in the world would tend
so much to check the strong feeling in my
State in favor of that course as the threat from
Massachusetts or Illinois that they will over-
ride the constitution of the State by congres-
sional enactment.
Anything of that kind would only deter mem-
bers of the Legislature and induce them to
say, "Let them try it on," or something of
that kind. We are all governed by such feel-
ings. I trust Senators will do no such thing;
and especially ought not my friend from Illi-
nois to cast into the teeth of Ohio her laws
upoti this subject, when the constitution and
the laws of Ohio are more liberal than those
of any of the western States I believe. We
allow a great many negroes to vote, all those
nearer white than black, and the judges of
election decide that -matter, so that substan-
tially the great jnajority of them are allowed
td'vote, and always have been under the old
constitution, under the construction that has
prevailed from 1802 to this time. In Illinois
they have had until recently, and perhaps they
have yet, laws which forbid negroes from com-
ing into the State, from sitting on juries, from
taking any part in the government. Now, it
seems to me my friend from Illinois should
take the beam out of his own eye before he un-
dertakes to take out the mote in his neighbor's.
He ought not to talk much about Ohio unless
he talks a great deal about Illinois.
Mr. YATES. The Senator certainly does
not represent my position correctly. I want
the same law, a uniform law, a national law,
for Ohio, Illinois, South Carolina, and Geor-
gia ; and 1 should like to ask the Senator now
whether he will vote against a carefully-pre-
pared bill, like that of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, to extend suffrage to Ohio as well
as to Illinois.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will vote against any
interference by Congress with what is within
the legitimate power of the States.
Mr. YATES. Of ceurse; but would this be
an interference under the amendment to the
Constitution which declares every American to
be a citizen?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not want to go into
that debate now. I could give my present im-
pression, but it is really improper for us to dis-
cuss that question here now. The Senator
must see that it is improper to discuss it. My
own impression—I will be frank with him—is
that the question of suffrage is entirely within
the power of the States. We have imposed
upon the conquered States as a condition uni-
versal suffrage, as one of tho resnlis of the war,
and I have no doubt the people of the north-
ern States will conform their institutions to
that doctrine ; but I doubt very much whether
it is in the power of Congress to say who shall
vote in Ohio under the plain provisions of the
Constitution and the constitutional amendment
fairly construed together. But it is scarcely
worth while to drag that into the debate. We
are proceeding m Ohio to accomplish the very
result the Senator seeks, and he is throwing
obsiacles in tbe way. I say before he does
that he ought to change the constitution and
laws of the State of Illinois.
But, sir, what have all these things to do
with this debate? We drag them in here on
the mere question of whether we shall adjourn
to-day or to-morrow, whether we shall provide
for another session or not. Why drag the con-
stitutions of Ohio and Illinois into the contro-
versy ? I do not see any reason for it; and I
confess I cannot see any reason why I was
called upon to say anything in this debate when
1 have carefully and purposely abstained from
it except, to advocate the proposition of my
friend from Massachusetts. If I get into a
scrape again by coming to his defense I will
keep quiet when he offers a proposition.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DRAKE. I move that the matter now
before the Senate be laid on the table for the
present, in order to take up the other resolu-
tion on the subject of adjournment, which has
been sent to us by tho ITouse of Representa-
tives this morning.
Mr. EDMUNDS and others. Oh, no; let
us dispose of this.
_ Mr. DRAKE. The House seeing feat the
time had passed contemplated by its former
resolution for the adjournment of the two
Houses, has sent us another resolution, and I
think it would be only proper that we should
consider that this latter resolution is intended
by the House to supersede entirely its former
proposition to us on the subject of adjourn-
ment. Therefore it is that I desire to bring
that latest proposition from the House before
the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How does it differ from
the first one?
Mr. DRAKE. It differs very materially
from the first one.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How? Describe it.
Mr. DRAKE. _ The gentleman asks me how
it differs-—-
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to lay the pending reso-
lution on the table, which is not debatable.
Mr. CONNESS and Mr. DRAKE called for
the yeas and nays on the motion ; and they
were ordered; and being taken, resulted—yeas
14, nays*27 ; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Chandler, Drake, Fow-
ler, Howard, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Boss, Sprague, Sum-
ner, Thayer, Wade, Wilson, and Yates—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Cole, Oonkling,
Conness, Corbett, Cragin, Davis, Dixon, Edmunds,
Eessenden, Erelinghuysen, Henderson, Howe, John-
son, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Patterson of Tennessee, Sherman, Stewart,
Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey, and Wil-
liams—27. • „
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, _ Doolittle, J?erry,
Grimes, Guthrie, Harlan, Hendricks, Norton, Nye,
Patterson of New Hampshire, Riddle, and Sauls-
bury—12.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on agreeingto the amendment under
consideration.
Mr. DRAKE. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. CONKLING. May we hear it read in
full as it stands ?
The Secretary read the amendment, as fol-
lows :
The President of the Senate and Speaker of the
House of Representatives are hereby instructed to
adjourn their respective Houses at noon on the 30th
day of March, instant, to the first Wednesday of July,
38G7, at noon; when the President of the Senate and
the Speaker of the House of Representatives shall
cause tho roll of each House respectively to be called;
and that, unless otherwise ordered by both Houses,
tho President of the Senate and Speaker of the House,
at one o'clock in the afternoon of the next day there-
after, shall again cause the roll of each House re-
spectively to be called, and shall thereupon further
adjourn their respective Houses without day: Pro-
vided,, That clerks of committees of the Senate and
Houseol Bepresentativeswho do notreeeive ayearly
compensation, and who are not actually employed
during the recess by order of a committee of either
House, shall only be paid for the days that Congress
shall be actuaUy in session previous to the first Mon-
day of December next.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. POMEROY. I cannot vote on the
amendment, because, as I understand it, they
cannot proceed to business if they would.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to debate.
Mr. JOHNSON. Ifthereisany doubt about
the phraseology, I suggest to my friend from
Vermont that it had better be corrected by
unanimous consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is not a particle
of doubt in my mind.
The result was announced—yeas 25, nays
14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony. Cattell, Cole, Conkling,
Conncss, Corbett, Cragm, Edmunds, Fessenden, Ere-
linghuysen, Henderson, Howe, Johnson, Morgan,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Ram-
sey, Ross, Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Willey, and Williams—25.
NAYS—Blessrs, Buck a. low, Chandler, Davis, Dixon,
Drake, Eowler, Howard, Patterson of Tennessee,
Sprague, Sumner, Thayer, Wade, Wilson, and Yates
—14.
ABSENT — Messrs. Cameron, Doolittle, Ferry,
Grimes, Guthrie, Harlan, Hendricks, Norton, Nye,
Patterson of New Hampshire, Pomeroy, Riddle,
baulsbury, and Sherman—14.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment of the House, as amended,
was concurx-ed in.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVAL OF BILLS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Moore, his Secretary, an-
nounced that he had to-day approved and
