1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
signed the following bills and joint resolu-
tion :
A bill (S. No. G3) to authorize the entry and
occupation of a portion of Long Island, in Bos-
ton harbor, for military purposes ;
A bill (S. No. 80) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to sell the Government
warehouses on'Atlantic dock, Brooklyn, New-
York; and
A joint resolution (S. R.'No. 22) declaring
the meaning of the second section of the act
of 2d of March, 1861, relative to property lost
in the military service.
PAYMENT OF SALARIES OP MEMBERS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the Sen-
ate to proceed to the consideration of House
joint resolution No. 39, in reference to the
payment of the salaries of members of Con-
gress. As it is necessary to amend it, it ought
to be acted upon at the earliest possible mo-
ment. It will not take five minutes to dispose
of it.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution. It provides that
each Senator, member of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and Delegate in Congress, after
having taken and subscribed the required oath,
shall be entitled to receive his compensation
at the end of each month at the rate now es-
tablished by law.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to amend
the resolution by adding the following:
And an amount sufficient to pay their compensa-
tion and mileage to tile 1st day of July next is hereby
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in, and ordered to be engrossed, and
the joint resolution to bo read a third time.
It was read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 51) relative to the iron-elad moni-
tor Camanchc ; in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
E.NKOLLED HILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (Ii. R. No. 101) for the relief of John
Perry, and the enrolled joint resolution (II. R.
No. 26) to authorize the Second Auditor to
settle the accounts of officers of the Army in
certain cases; and they were signed by the
President pro tempore.
SIIIP-OANAL AT FALLS OF THE OHIO.
Mr. MORTON. I move to take from the
table House joint resolution No. 41, which was
laid on the table this morning, I think by a
misunderstanding. It is a resolution providing
for the necessary survey for a ship-canal around
the falls of the Ohio river for military, naval,
and commercial purposes.
Mt. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. MORTON. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion for a moment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That resolution will
give rise to debate necessarily.
Mr. MORTON. I think not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall debate it myself
under the circumstances.
Mr. MORTON. This is the only hope I
have of getting it through. It is important to
the trade of the upper Ohio that these surveys
be made without further delay. The canal
around the falls of the Ohio is wholly insuffi-
cient for the commerce of that river. It is a
matter of the first importance to all the cities
and all the country above Loui-sville, and in
diet below, that these surveys be made, and
that either a new canal shall be made or the
old one enlarged. Therefore, we want the sur-
veys made this summer, so that the report may
be laid before Congress at the next session. I
trust there will be no objection to the passage
of the resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are a great many
other matters that I suppose every gentleman
interested in them thinks of importance. The
most important matter, Ita,ke it, for the Senate
generally is that we should get > through with
the business we must necessarily dispose of,
and that is the executive business. There is
but very little time left; there is a great deal
of executive business on the table; we made
no progress yesterday; and 1 hope the Senate
will proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. SUMNER. I will make one remark
on that. I hope that we shall not proceed
with the consideration of executive business.
The Senate can act on executive business
by itself. It may be called together when the
legislative session is over by the President,
and probably will be, for the consideration of
nominations. Why not, then, let all the execu-
tive business that is now before the Senate pass
over for the present and proceed with import-
ant, essential legislative business? Let the
Senator from Indiana proceed with his bill.
There are one or two bills that I wish to pro-
ceed with, and which I regard as very import-
ant to the welfare of the country. I think the
Senate ought to act on them before we go
home. I think, therefore, that it would be the
best economy of our time now, particularly
after the vote to adjourn that we have taken
to-day, if we proceed constantly with the legis-
lative business until the hour of adjournment,
and let all the executive business pass over to
a called session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My opinion is that the
more we legislate at this period of the session
upon these bills coming from the House, most
of them gotten up without the examination of
a committee, the more mischief we shall do.
Everybody has some sort of plan of his own.
Now, sir, I suppose there are some two or three
hundred nominations on the table—I do not
know how many, but a very large number—
and we all know that unless they are acted
upon at this session they all fail, and they have
got to be sent in again to the Senate; and we
saw yesterday, from the course taken, what
progress we made. Wo ought at least to dis-
pose of those if-we expect to get through. I
am not so anxious about any particular bill
myself, and 1 think all the bills that gentlemen
have will keep without any great difficulty. At
any rate, 1 think that the great majority of the
Senate are most interested in getting through
with the business that we must do and closing
the session, without reference to the particular
bills of Senators. After we have done that, I
have no objection to taking up something else.
I really hope that we shall go into executive
session.
Mr. MORTON. We can continue the open
business of the Senate for an hour, and then
have time to get through with the executive
business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to my friend
that we tried that yesterday, and how far did
we get? We disposed of two or three cases.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator knows that
every executive session is opened perhaps
half a dozen times for the purpose of passing
some little resolution or for some business
that will take no longer tlian^ this. _ Now, sir,
this is a resolution in which time is important.
The difficulty occasioned to commerce by the
want of a sufficient canal around the falls of
the Ohio has long been complained of; and
the people of that part of the great valley of
the Mississippi and Ohio have a right to com-
plain that their interests have been so long
neglected. The interests involved m this im-
provement are very great. Our people trust
to have these surveys made this summer, so
that at the next session of Congress the proper
appropriations may be made. I have not
known of any refusal to make surveys by this
Setfate. They have been ordered "111 ^many
cases where they were not ol the hunuredih
part of the importance that they are in this
case. I sincerely trust that "there will be no
opposition offered to the resolution. ' "
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,.- The ques-
tion is on the motion to proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
Mr. FESSENDEN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Con-
ness, Cragin, Dixon, Fessenden, Frelingtaysen,
Howe, JVlorgan, Patterson of Tennessee, Ramsey,
Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle, and Wil-
liams—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cole, ConUimB, Corbett,
Davis, Fowler, Henderson, Ho ward, Morton. Nye,
Pomcroy, Ross, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Thayer,
Wade, and Wilson—18.
ABSENT —Messrs. Buekalew, Doolittle, Dralte,
Edmunds, Ferry, Grimes, Guthrie, Harlan, Hend-
ricks, Johnson, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Norton, Patterson of Now Hampshire, Riddle,
Saulsbury, Willey, and Yates—18.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on taking up the resolution men-
tioned by the Senator from Indiana.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 41)
providing for the necessary surveys for a ship
canal around the falls of the Ohio river for
military, naval, and commercial purposes.
Mr. MORTON. I only wish to say one
word in regard to this resolution. The canal
around the falls of the Ohio was built some
forty years ago. The locks are not sufficient
to permit boats of the first class, or even of
the second class, to pass through them. This
statement alone will enable the Senate to
understand the great difficulty commerce now
labors under at that point, it is also the con-
viction of engineers, as I am informed, that
the canal was built originally on the wrong
side of the river, and that there will always be
difficulty in getting sufficient water in the canal
upon that side owing to the turn the river takes
at the very point of the falls. At certain
seasons of the year the water is so shallow in
the canal that boats even of the lightest class
cannot be got through it. It is therefore of
the first importance to the commerce of that
river that the eanal shall either be enlarged or
a now one commenced without further delay.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask a
question or two with regard to this resolution.
I want to know whether it is contemplated to
build two canals around the falls, one^on each
side of the river. This resolution, as it strikes
1110, means that two things are to ^e done: it
first implies that a ship-canal is to be built at
the expense of the Government on the Indiana
side, and then that the one already begun on
the Kentucky side is to be completed. It con-
templates, if 1 understand it, that the General
Government is to be at the expense—this is
the beginning of it—of building two canals
around the falls at that place. Is that the idea
of the resolution?
Mr. MORTON. No, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I ask the Senator
to explain what it does mean. Why want one
made 011 this side ?
Mr. MORTON. The object is to have esti-
mates of the expense of building a canal around
the falls of the Ohio river and an estimate and
plan of completing, that is to say, of widening
and deepening the canal already in existence
on the Kentucky side, so that we may see which
is the cheapest and which will be the best in
the opinion of the engineer. Then it will be
for Congress to determine what action it will
take. In other words, the resolution now pro-
vides for preliminary surveys and estimates, and
commits Congress to the construction of neither
canal.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to in-
quire of the Senator by whom and under what
direction the improvements now going on upon
the Kentucky side are made?
Mr. MORTON. The existing canal belongs
to a company which charges tolls for the pas-
sage of boats through it.
'Mr. FESSENDEN. So I supposed. If I
