410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
recollect aright, that was originally undertaken
on the Kentucky side by a company in con-
junction with the United States, and after it
had been bailt and used for a certain length
of time the United States transferred all its
interest to the company, passed it over into the
hands of the company. I believe I am right
in that. Now, they have been in the enjoy-
ment of it for a long time, and it is proposed
to enlarge it. It is perfectly manifest what
this means. It is at the expense of the Gov-
ernment to make a survey, and then if the
Government does not choose to build a canal
on the Indiana side, it is to aid at least in com-
pleting that on the Kentucky side. Otherwise,
why should a survey be made of that which is
a private enterprise?
The Senator from Michigan stated this morn-
ing that it would cost nothing. Why, sir, it
costs just so much money as it takes out of a
fund already appropriated.
The remark that the people of the West
would feel themselves neglected if this was
not done, it seems to me, is hardly appropriate,
when at this very session we have appropriated
I do not know how much, but several million
dollars for improvements in the West and the
East, and I believe that out of those several
millions there was not $500,000 which went
anywhere but in the western States.
Mr. HENDERSON. Not beyond Michigan.
Mr. FBSSENDEN. Michigan and all the
other western States. I do not know how much
was appropriated for Ohio, but very consider-
able in Ohio. I do not know that it went
beyond Michigan, but it went into that region.
It is all very well; I dare say it is needed; but
it hardly lies in the mouths of western gentle-
men to say that the western people would feel
themselves neglected if we did not undertake
this additional work, especially after our legis-
lation of this winter in relation to such matters.
Now, sir, I am unwilling to give any pledge
on the subject, and 1 am unwilling to appio-
priate money for this purpose which lias already
been appropriated to be used for other pur-
poses ; but if those particularly interested in
the subjeetchoose to have it so, I do not know
that it makes any great difference ; but I should
like to have achoice. I wish the Senator would
strike out the words " and directed," so as to
authorize the Secretary of War to do it if he
thinks it expedient; but this resolution com-
pels the Secretary of War to take the money
that is appropriated for other purposes in the
Slates of Michigan and Illinois and Indiana,
&c., and appropriate it to this particular pur-
pose. J do not think it would be wise to do
that. The Senate, of course, will do what it
sees lit on the .subject.
Mr. VAN VVlNKLE. I perceive by this
resolution that it proposes to take the money
necessary for the purposes contemplated by
it out of the little appropriation of $100,000,
which is all that lias been appropriated for the
purpose of improving the Ohio river from
1'ittsburg to its mouth, a distance of a thousand
miles.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is mistaken.
Tt takes it out of another fund. The gentle-
man who introduced this bill in the House,
and also had charge of the river and harbor
bill, tells me that in that same law there was a
specific appropriation for surveys, and we have
provided by a supplementary law that five en-
gineers may be employed for the purpose of
making surveys. This resolution simply directs
this to be done. So far as striking out the
word ''directed" and inserting the word "au-
thorized" is concerned, there is no objection
to that, except that it would render it necessary
to send the resolution back to the House again.
It lias already passed the House unanimously.
It is simply for the purpose of getting the
judgment of the proper engineers of the Gov-
ernment upon the best mode of improving the
Ohio river at the falls. I could go into a long
disquisition to show the importance of it, but
There is no time to do so now.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. That is nheady pro-
vided for by law.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not for a survey.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. A survey of all these
rivers.
Mr. SHERMAN. No.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I am very much in
favor of improving the Ohio river, and have
been anxious for some years to get such a
measure through Congress ; but now, that at
last we have got a little -appropriation of
$100,000, I do not want thfit to be taken and
used for the improvement of these falls.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a specific appro-
priation made for the northwestern lakes and
rivers, but it does not include the Ohio river.
I will state to the Senator from Maine that
it is true that the Louisville and Portland canal
is owned by a private company, and they are
themselves, under an existing law, enlarging
that. It has always been a matter of contro-
versy as to whether it would not bo cheaper
and better to build a new work on a larger
scale at Jeffersonville on the Indiana side,
rather than on the Kentucky side. On the
Kentucky side I am told they have to excavate
rocks, while on the other side there would be
no such necessity. I think it a proper case
for a survey. The Government proposes by
this resolution to go no further than simply
making a survey. Whether the work shall
hereafter be done by the Louisville and Port-
land Canal Company, or whether it shall be
done by the assistance of appropriations by
Congress, is a question which does not arise
at all on this resolution. I am told that the
resolution passed the House unanimously. The
citizens of Cincinnati are very anxious about
it, and 1 trust it will be granted. Probably
the whole cost will not be $5,000. The whole
of the falls is within three miles. The cost
will be trifling.
Mr. CAMERON. I have not heard all the
discussion on this subject, and therefore I may
be wrong in my remarks ; but I have a pretty
good knowledge of the history of this canal.
While I am in favor of doing anything that
may be required for the improvement of the
Ohio river, I am decidedly opposed to spend-
ing any money upon the canal, for the reason
that 1 think it lias been one of the most profit-
able investments in this country. No canal
has made so much money to the stockholders
as it hiss done. I will take it to-morrow, with
all its cost, and make more money out of it
than I could in any other investment that I
know of. Whatever can be done for the im-
provement of the Ohio river should be done ;
but as regards these falls, another canal, in
addition to the one now there, will be a most
profitable investment; and when individuals
make money out of the improvements of the
country, 1 hold that it is wrong for this Govern-
ment to invest its money in such enterprises.
I have great respect for all the gentlemen of
the West 
Mr. SHERMAN. I will simply inform my
friend that this is not a proposition to aid the
canal company at all. It simply authorizes
the Government to ascertain certain facts, to
examine the Indiana side and the Kentucky
side, to make a survey.
Mr. CAMERON. I understand it now per-
fectly well. It is to make the Government of
the United States pay for a survey there. I
hold that the individuals owning that canal can
afford to pay for surveys themselves.
Mr. SHERMAN. They will not make a
survey on the Indiana side.
Mr. CAMERON. That is no reason why
other individuals should not. I made myself,
thirty-five years ago, at my own cost, a survey
around the falls of the Ohio. It would not
cost much money. It did not cost me more
than two or three hundred dollars. I believe
now that anybody who will go there and make
a survey, and get the authority of the State of
Indiana to enable him to make a canal around
there, will make more money than in any other
way in which the same amount of money could
be expended.
Mr. CONKLING. Why do you not do it
now?
Mr. CAMERON. If the State of Indiana
will give me the authority to make a canal
around there, 1 should be very willing to do it.
But, sir, I object to the United States spending
their money for the benefit of private individ-
uals, no matter in what State the work may
happen to be located. The object here is to
get the Government of the United States to
spend its monej' around these falls. I am per-
fectly willing to make an appropriation for the
Ohio river. It is a great highway belonging
to the whole nation, and I believe that at some
future time a system of dams will be instituted
there, as there ought to be in many other rivers
in this country, which will make slack naviga-
tion from the mouth of the Ohio up to its source.
There is plenty of water there. It will be the
greatest improvement of the age in which it
may be inaugurated. But I am in favor of
having it done by individual subscriptions, by
individual enterprise, without any appropria-
tion from the Government. I might just as
well ask for an appropriation around the falls
of the Conewago in the Susquehanna, in the
State of Pennsylvania. We have falls there as
great nearly as the falls of the Ohio, and we
have an immense trade which would go up and
down there if we could get those falls over-
come.
Mr. MORTON. If it is right to require
this survey to be made by individuals, it is a
good argument why all the surveys of western
rivers and harbors should be made by private
individuals. It seems to me to be a new doc-
trine that has been brought forward for the
occasion that private individuals shall make
these surveys. I ask, what authority they
would have with the Government when they
were made? How much importance would
be given to them in this Senate or by the Sec-
retary of War ? They would be entirely unof-
ficial and valueless for any national purpose.
The question of improving the navigation
around the falls of the Ohio is a national ques-
tion. The commerce there is of national, not
local importance ; and I think that the contrast
is very strong between the cases the Senator
puts of those little rivers in his .State and the
case of the navigation around the falls of the
Ohio.
Now, sir, one word in regard to this canal.
This is not to be done for the benefit of the
canal company. We propose to have the
opinion of the engineers as to how this im-
provement should be made, whether by en-
larging that canal, or by building a canal on
the Indiana side, or by both. Suppose it
should be ascertained that the improvement
should be made by enlarging that canal. The
company refuse to do it. They are making a
great deal of money. It is perhaps the best
stock now in the western country; but still they
object. They are making money enough, and
they are not willing to invest another dollar in
widening and deepening that canal. But I ask,
howthatanswers the wants of commerce? I ask
how the great commercial interests are to be
subserved or to be made content by sa)ing,
"This company might do it," when the com-
pany will not do it? The company has not
done it, and will not do it; but the interests of
commerce are all the time suffering, and
complaint has been made for years on this
subject.
Now,_ sir, wo simply want the opinions of
the engineers to have surveys made, and have
them made officially, as they are in a thousand
cases where there is not a hundredth or a
thousandth part of the interest involved that
is involved in this case. It seems to me that
there ought to be no opposition to this. Let
the surveys be made; let them be submitted
to Congress. Why, sir, suppose that Congress
should determine that this canal itself ought
to be widened and improved, the improvement
made on the Kentucky side of the river, and
that the nation should help, it will then be for
us to say upon what terms we shall contribute
to that improvement, not for the mere profit
of that canal company, but for the interest and
advantage of the commerce of the country. If
