412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
tioa to the passage of the bill in that shape. I
said when the Senator from Rhode Island was
up that it contains more than that. The Clerk
will read it.
• Mr. JOHNSON'. Let the amendment be
read.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to strike out the
last proviso.
The Secretary read the Words to be stricken
out, as follows:
And provided further, that.nothmg in this act con-
tained shall be construed or held to invalidate any
lien or conveyance acquired or made in good faith
prior to the taking effect of this act.
Mr. JOHNSON. To strike out that pro-
vision would defeat the purpose of the bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. Of course; that is all
there is in it.
Mr. JOHNSON. The whole object of the
"bill is to accomplish what that proviso seeks to
accomplish. In the absence of the member
of the committee who had it specially in charge,
I will state in a word why it was that we thought
the bill should not pass with the proviso.
The act itself, which we have passed, was
pending in Congress for a great while; it was
passed on the 2a of March ; it was therefore a
law on that day in one sense. As far, how-
ever, as related to the authority of parties to
apply for the benefit of it, it was postponed
until the 1st of June. But the thirty-fifth sec-
tion of the act did what as I think has been
done in all antecedent laws of this description :
it sought to avoid all preferences, which the
law assumed to be illegal, made at any tiuie
within four months after an act of bankruptcy
was discovered. If you say that all the con-
veyances which would be void if you were to
let the law stand as it is that have been made
four months before the 1st of June are to stand,
it may be that so far as relates to persons who
were bankrupt when the law passed, or became
bankrupt at any time after the law passed, the
general creditors would get nothing, but those
bankrupts may, after they knew they were in
a stale of bankruptcy, have preferred special
creditors.
Mr. ANTHONY. Could they not do that
before the law was passed ?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly they could do it
before the law was passed; but they could not
do it upon the theory upon which these laws
exist. The law was passed in March ; it is in
one sense to go in operation in June. Now,
you are about, if you pass this bill, to give
effect to preferences made in the month of
May and April and March, although the law
was passed on the 2d of March.
Mr. ANTHONY. As the law stands it
invalidates preferences made in February, al-
though the act was not passed until March.
Mr. JOHNSON. It affects those made four
months before the 1st of June.
Mr. ANTHONY. Pout months before an
act of bankruptcy, which may be on the 1st of
June.
Mr. JOHNSON. Now, what is done in this
ease is done under your tariff acts almost
always. You frequently provide by your tariff
acts that importations made under the exist-
ing tariff act, or rather in progress of being-
made, shall be subject to the additional duty.
Mr. 'ANTHONY. Does the Senator think
that right?
Mr. JOHNSON. In one sense it is right;
it depends upon the state of the country alto-
gether. The policy of Congress for the last
three or four years has been to pursue that
course. That is much more objectionable, if it
be objectionable at all, than a law which says
that all a bankrupt's assets after he becomes
bankrupt in point of feet sljall be distributed
equally, it being but equitable and just that in
such a condition of things there should be that
equality of distribution. If you pass this bill
you defeat that in Reference to all acts of bank-
ruptcy where there have been preferences made
at any time within four months prior to the 1st
of June.
Mr. DRAKE. The honorable Senator from
Rhode Island just now made a statement with
regard to the effect of the thirty-fifth section of
the bankrupt 'act which was made before, and
1 stated to the Senator who made it before in
the previous discussion that it was a mistake.
I desire now to state to the honorable Senator
from Rhode Island again "that upon an exami-
nation of that section lie will discover his view
of it to be a mistake. The proposition of the
Senator from Rhode Island is that the section
as it stands in the act is retroactive in its effect,
so as to invalidate conveyances made in the
month of February last, before the' act was
passed. A brief examination of the section, I
think, will convince the honorable Senator that
he is under a misapprehension oti that point.
The language of the section is:
That if any person, being insolvent, or in contem-
plation of insolvency, within four months before the
filing of the petition by or against him, with ft view
to give a preference to any creditor or person having
a claim against him, or who is underany liability for
him, procures any part of his property to bo attached,
sequestered, or seized on execution, or makes any
payment, pledge, assignment, transfer, or convey-
ance of any part of his property, either directly or
indirectly, absolutely or conditionally, the person
receiving such payment, pledge, assignment, trans-
fer, or conveyance, or to be benefited thereby, or by
such attachment, having reasonable cause to believe
such person is insolvent, and that such attachment,
payment, pledge, assignment, or conveyance is made
in fraud of the provisions of this act, the same shall
he void.
It could not possibly be made "in fraud of
the provisions of this act" until after the date
of the passage of the act. It is impossible,
therefore, that the view expressed by the hon-
orable Senator from Rhode Island, that this
section invalidates transactions entered into in
the month of February preceding the passage
of the act, can be correct. It cannot be con-
strued to invalidate transactions previous to the
passage, for the language is that the "attach-
ment, payment, pledge," &c., must have been
"in fraud of the provisions of this act."
Mr. ANTHONY. Does it not say that the
transaction shall be regarded as in fraud of the
act?
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir; but—■
"The person receiving such payment, pledge, as-
signment, transfer, or conveyance, or to be benefited
thereby, or by such attachment" is to "have reason-
able causo to believe such person is insolvent, and
that such attachment, payment, pledge, assignment,
or conveyance is made in fraud of the provisions of
this act."
According to the view taken by the honor-
able Senator from Rhode Island, a man was
required to take notice of a transaction in Feb-
ruary being in fraud of the provisions of the
act, before the act took effect 1 I think the
gentleman will perceive in a moment that when
the two things must combine and it must be
found that the act done was in fraud of the
provisions of the law, the time of the opera-
tion of that section cannot extend back beyond
the date of the passage of the act.
Mr. FESSBNDEN. It is now four o'clock.
It is very evident that a matter of this import-
ance ought not to be decided :,i so thin a
Senate, especially when the Senator who has
it in charge is not here to give the reasons for
the report of the Judiciary Committee. I
therefore again move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent ill executive session the doors were
reopened.
MESSAGE T.'TtOJI TIIIO HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPk:crso>t, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the following joint resolu-
tions :
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 87) to author-
izethe SeeretaryoftheTreasurytobuild dredge-
boats for use at the mouth of the Mississippi
river;
A joint resolution (Ii. R. No. 39) in refer-
ence to the payment of the salaries of mem-
bers of Congress; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 47) to amend
an act entitled "An act to provide increased
revenue from imported wool, and for other
purposes."
The message further announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 103) con-
stituting eight hours a day's work for all labor-
ers, workmen, and mechanics employed by or
on behalf of the Government of the United
States; and a joint resolution (H. R. No. 50)
to furnish transportation of provisions to the
destitute in the South.
The message also announced that the House
disagreed to the amendment of the Senate to
the amendment of the House to the resolution
relative to an adjournment of the present ses-
sion, and asked £ conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses, and had ap-
pointed Mr. R. C. Suhenck of Ohio, Mr. I.
Donnelly of Minnesota, and Mr. J. A. Bing-
ham of Ohio, managers at the conference on
its part.
BIGHT-HOUR LABOR SYSTEM.
The bill (H. R. No. 103) constituting eight
hours a day's work for all laborers, workmen,
and mechanics employed by or in behalf of the
Government of the United States, was read
twice by its title.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, if there be no objection.
Mr. "WILSON. I should think it ought to
go to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I suggest that it should
go to the Committee on Agriculture. That is
the proper place for it.
Mr. WILSON. It ought to go to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, I think. It applies to
Government works, to persons working in
navy-yards, arsenals, and places of that char-
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion will be first put on the reference to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. IIOWE. Allow me to say just one
word. If the question was how much money
we should pay these people it would go to the
Committee on Finance. Now, the question
is. how much work they shall do for the money
they get? It seems to me it should go to the
same committee, and therefore I suggest that
it should go to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to know what
necessity there is in sending the bill to any
committee? It contains a simple proposition.
A Senator shakes his head, who has perhaps
more competence than any other Senator within
my sphere of observation for exact mental pro-
cess, and this is a complicated proposition to
that Senator as to whether a laboring man
shall be required in Government employ to
work eight or ten hours a day. Sir, there is
not a man in the world who is not able to de-
cide that instantly, much less the Senator who
shakes his head at me. I have not named
him.
Mr. WILSON. On which side are you?
Mr. CONNESS. I am for the bill. I am
vsry proud to say that many years of my life
have been spent in severe toil. My education,
such as it is, was acquired pending that toil.
I am one of those'who believe—and I do not
say this for the public ear—that toil is reputa-
ble ; that it is ennobling; that it lends true
courage. I believe that the toilers, after all,
' are the men upon whom every society that is
well ordered has to rely. I know that in tjje
great, war through which our country has been
saved and the immutable principles upon
which it is organized have been preserved for
our and the world's uses, we had to rely upon
the arms made strong by toil; that whenever
by the process of law we demanded that citi-
zens not so connected, not so educated, not
so used; should fill their part of soldier to the
Republic, they begged themselves off, they
bought themselves off, they stole themselves
off, from the field of battle and contest.
Mr. President, I said once before in the
Senate, and perhaps it will bear repeating,
that when \ saw the column of Burnside, thirty
thousand or forty thousand strong; marching
through this city to the sanguinary fie-lds be-
tween the Wilderness and Richmond and Coal
Harbor inclusive, and stood where I could see
