1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOJBB.
413
the eye, of every man in the column, I saw-;
scarcely any but those who. had the, marks of
toil and stalwart labor, black and white; and
if I never before that time reverenced the men
who labor, I should do it beginning at that
period of my life ; but it was not necessary for
me to begin then.
Now, Mr. President, there is a considerable
agitation in this country upon this question of
whether a day's labor shall be constituted of
eight or ten hours; and I have no doubt there
are those who think that if this bill be passed,
and the example be set by the Government,
the eight-hour rule will follow in other indus-
tries conducted in the country. Well, sir, I
hope it will. A personal experience enables
me to say that I could myself perform more
labor in eight hours than in ten, taking any
given week for the average, and then it gave
me more hours of study. Many and many a
morning, at two o' clock, when I labored ten and
eleven hours a day in my youth, found me yet
endeavoring to enable myself to take my rank
among my fellows in society ; and I desire by
my vote and voice, if that can influence any
one, to give an equal opportunity to the youths
of the land connectcd with labor and toil. Let
no man forget, because his task is made easy
in this world, the thousands, the tens of thou-
sands, and the hundreds of thousands who labor
and toil for an ill-requited compensation, for a
small compensation, scarcely sufficient to fur-
nish bread, much less to enable them to educate
their children and bring them up fit to be citi-
zens of this Republic. Make their path as easy-
as you can by limiting their hours of labor.
Give them time to think.
Mr. President, I have some feeling on this
subject. I had contemplated introducing such
a bill myself; but I was not anxious to put
myself forward in it. I have no desire to win
any credit from abroad on the subject, God
knows that. But I do ask the Senate to pass
this bill, and to set the example to the labor-
ing citizens of this Republic, the patriotic men
of blood and muscle. Give them the freedom
from toil of two hours less than they i>ow are
compelled to perform. I ask Senators to do
it. It is not necessary to refer the bill. We
all understand it. Let us do ourselves credit
by passing it at once.
Mr. WILSON. I moved the reference of
this measure to the Committee ou Naval Affairs,
not to defeat its passage, but for the reason
that if it was to be referred at all, that the
Naval Committee was the appropriate one.
Suggestions were made all around me to refer
it to committees that should not have the care
of it, and I wished it to go to the committee
to which is referred matters pertaining to the
navy-yards where are employed thousands of
mechanics and workingmen.
Mr. CONNESS. There is not any reason
it should'be referred at all.
Mr. WILSON. I agree with the Senator
from California that there is no need of refer-
ence at all—we all know just what the prop-
osition is—it has been discussed before the
country. All may not concur in the wisdom
of the measure; but all of us know the pur-
port, scope, and meaning of this measure. I
asked the Senator from California how he
intended to vote, for I wished him to declare
himself.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator ought to
have been Yankee enough to guess how I
should vote.
Mr. WILSON. I did guess; but I wanted
the Senator to speak out, as lie did, for the pas-
sage of the bill. I, too, shall vote for it, for I
have been for two or three years in favor of
making the experiment. With an earnest de-
sire to adopt the policy most conducive to
the permanent interests of the workingmen of
the country, I have, I confess, been unable to
salve this eight-hour question satisfactory to
my own reason and conscience. Upon these
questions that so deeply concern the enduring
interests of the toiling masses of our country-
men I would act after careful consideration.
I give on this, as on other questions touching
the rights and interests, the elevation and im-
provement of the toiling men of our country,
my doubts in favor of the dependent, the less
favored portion of the people. I am ready, at
any rate, to try in the public works the experi-
ment, and if it shall fail, we shall speedily dis-
cover it; but if it shall answer the high-raised
expectations of its friends, incalculable good
will be achieved. In voting for this measure,
neither the Senator from California nor myself
have anything to gain.
Mr. CONNESS. We cannot help that.
Mr. WILSON. No, sir; wecannothelpthat;
but I am ready, as I am sure the honorable
Senator is on this as on some other occasions,
to incur censure and bear the burden of re-
proach and hostility. I vote for the measure
without reference, and in the hope that it will,
if passed, be productive of blessings and ben-
efits.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on referring the bill to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope it will not be re-
ferred.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the ques-
tion, and declared that the noes appeared to
have it.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the motion for
n vpfpvfinfp
Mr. FESSENDEN. I renew it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to refer the bill
to the Committee on Finance, where it prop-
erly belongs.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The other
question is not decided yet. The Senator from
Massachusetts asks to withdraw his motion,
which he can do by unanimous consent. The
Chair hears no objection, and it is withdrawn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to refer the bill
to the Committee on Finance. That is the
proper reference, where it should go to be con-
sidered. I wish to say a single word ou this
subject, not to go into the merits of the bill.
I entirely agree to what my friend from Cali-
fornia has said : first, that manual labor is
necessary to courage ; second, that it is neces-
sary to intelligence and being trusted in pub-
lic affairs; and third, as he has demonstrated,
that it is not inconsistent with eloquence.
Nevertheless, it is quite a problem to know
whether you can justly get ten hours' pay for
eight hours' work, and that is a question for
the Committee on Finance to decide, and I
hope it will go there.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is
moved that this bill be referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. CONNESS. On that I call for the yeas
and nays. ["No!" "No."] It is near the
end of the session, otherwise I would not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the call
withdrawn ?
Mr. CONNESS. No, sir.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to state a fact,
on this subject. By the law we are obliged to
pay our laborers in the different positions
where they may be employed precisely the
same sums that are paid outside for similar
labors. The result of this will be_, if we pass
it without knowing what it is outside, that we
shall pay for eight hours' work as much as any-
body else pays for ten ; and I think it is pretty
well demonstrated that from the laborers in
the Government employ you do not get more
than two thirds as much work as you do from
those in private employ as it stands now.
Mr. CONNESS. It must-be considered, I
think, that a reference at this time to a com-
mittee is a defeat of the measure at this ses-
sion. .
Mr. CAMERON. I know something about
workingmen, and I" prefer having this bill sent
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, for the
reason that the Navy employs a great many
workmen. If I had the power to do as I wish
in this matter I would compel the Govern-
ment to employ everybQdy by the hour and
pay a fixed sum far each. hour that a man
worked; so that a man of, enterprise and a
man of industry could better his condition. I
am pot in favqr of fixing any particular hours '
during which men shall be compelled to work
or by which the idle shall get an excuse for
leaving their work. I would encourage labor
in every way, so as to induce every man to be
industrious. .In the main I approve of every-
thing said by the intelligent Senator from Cal-
ifornia. That labor is necessary to the pros-
perity of the country we all admit. We
ought to encourage the.laborer in every way
we can. I do not think we shall do so by
fixing a small or a large number of hours dur-
ing which he shall be compelled to work for a
particular sum. The more you encourage the
enterprise and the courage of men, by so much
more do you increase their intelligence and
their usefulness. I think by sending this bill
to the Committee on Naval Affairs some-meas-
ure will be brought forward which wilfr be a
benefit to the laboring men, and1 I am fos
benefiting them in every way I can.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to state one
other fact for the consideration of Senators, and
that is that it has been found in England, dem-
onsti-ated I think very satisfactorily, that the
effect of trades unions fixing hours of labor and
all that, and compelling everybody to come to
them, has been confessedly to reduce able men,
men of capacity and ambition, to the leMel or
the poorest. That is the effect of that system.
It works against the industrious, against- the
enterprising, against those who want to better
their condition by their work. If you put it
precisely in this way it is simply reducing them
all to the same level.
Mr. CONNESS. I will not extend this
debate. I wish to say, in the first place, that
there is a very great difference between the
laboring people of America and the laboring
people of England, adiffereuce that I hope will
continue as long as the Republic shall last.
The trades unions of England and of this coun-
try to the extent that they exist here, and they
do existhere, have not the hours of labor under
their consideration as much as the wages to be
paid for labor. There are no trades unions in
America that fix the hours of labor, or have
ever undertaken to do so ; but they do under-
take to fix the wages of labor.
Mr. SPRAGUE. That is a mistake.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator says it is a
mistake.
Mr. SPRAGUE. A very great mistake.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I will modify my
statement to the extent the Senatof suggests.
I have never known of any, and I have been
acquainted with their movements to a very
considerable extent. I will say here, however,
that I never belonged to any. I never had any
confidence in that mode of dealing with the
question. My mode, on the contrary, and that
which I advised, was the education of them-
selves by themselves, thus lending dignity and
intelligence to their labor and making them-
selves a necessity to employers, thus rendering
themselves independent of employers. _ That
was my advice when I was in a position to
have any to give. But the reference of this
measure now to the Committee on Finance is
its defeat undoubtedly ; a reference of it'to the
Committee on Naval Affairs would be worse
still, because the chairman of that comroittee
is not here, and that committee does not meet
for business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose it will keep
until the next session. I wish simply to say to
the Senator that I suppose he will admit there
is one point of resemblance between the labor-
ers of England and the laborers of America,
and that is, there is a difference between them,
some of them are better than others and more
capable; and that is enough for my argument.
The question being taken -by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 17 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalow, Cameron, Chandler, Cor-
bett, Cntsdn, Drake, Udmunds, Fes^endcn, Freling-
huysen, Ilowe, Johnson, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Sherman, Spragne, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
and Williams—18.
