1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41?
graphic dispatches from the heads of the Army
and-Navy must cross the territory of that State.
No member of Congress can come here to take
his seat without crossing the territory of Mary-
land ; and is it unreasonable to expect that
the Congress of the United States, which has
expended so much blood and treasure to rescue
one section of the Union from the political
domination held by those plotting the over-
throw of the Government; is it to be expected
that Congress will hesitate to exercise the un-
questioned power conferred upon it under the
Constitution to rescue Maryland from the hands
of persons as thoroughly disloyal and hostile to
this Government at this moment as are any iu
the States further South?
Sir, I take a bolder ground than that even.
I hold that were the Constitution silent upon
the subject, so absolutely necessary and indis-
pensable is the soil of Maryland to the proper
administration of this Government, a pQwer
inherent in this Government as a Government
wouldexist to seize, occupy, and establish there
institutions in accord with the known wishes
and purposes of the people, and the safety and
security of the Government itself. Having
made these few remarks 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Before the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Tnojiis] takes his seat,
will he allow me to address an inquiry to him?
Mr. THOMAS. With great pleasure.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I had not the pleasure
of hearing all the remarks which the gentleman
from Maryland has addressed to the House
upon this subject; but from those I did hear,
it seems to me that he claims the existence of
a most monstrous power on the part of this
Government. But as I may be mistaken in
regard to what the gentleman has claimed, I
desire to inquire of him if he claims that the
Federal Government is armed with original
power to reform the constitution of a State,
which constitution may have existed at the
time when the Federal Government itself was
created? I would also ask him whether the
constitutions of the States which formed our
Federal Constitution were not republican in
form, and whether the nation has grown and
increased in power so that it may now say
to the States lliat their constitutions are not
republican ? Is that, the power given by the
clause of the Constitution to the Federal Gov-
ernment to guaranty to each State a repub-
lican form of government?
Mr. THOMAS. If the gentleman had heard
my opening remarks he would have seen that
I have already anticipated the very question
he has propounded. The constitution of Mary-
land was republican in form, so thoroughly
republican that it came up even to the standard
of republicanism of this day, for it gave to
every free man, black as well as white, the
right alike to a qualified vote. But I have tried
to possess the House with this fact that that
constitution has new grown to be anti-repub-
lican in form, and those who now control the
government will not follow the example of our
fathers, and conform the institutions of the
State to the requirements of the age and the
location and condition of the people.
They hold a power given to them by men
who had respect for republican principles.
They hold that power, but they will not exer-
cise it. They not only cling on to the unjust
political preponderance which they now enjoy,
but they propose to give twelve more Repre-
sentatives to that favored section of the State
in the proposed convention which has so long
enjoyed privileges and immunities altogether
unjust.
I have already explained this subject, and
it seems to me any gentleman who has heard
me ought to sec at a glance that a government
which was once republican has grown to be
anti-republican by the usurpation of those in
whose hands this instrument has been unfor-
tunately placed.
I move that these resolutions be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and be ordered
to be printed.
40th Cons. 1st Sess.—No. 27.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, if anything
on earth could have surprised me, though I
have almost learned to follow uniformly the
Horatian rule, .nil admirari—to wonder at
nothing—it would have been what we have
witnessed this morning, the extraordinary pre-
sentation of, a partisan memorial and the ex-
traordinary speech of the honorable gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Thomas] against his own
State and the constitution of his State, and
the more extraordinary principles which he
has laid down as constitutional law for the
adoption and guidance of the younger genera-
tion of this country. Sir, if this is a consoli-
dated Government and if all powers are vested
here in the Congress of the United States, I
propose to ask the honorable gentleman from
Maryland to look not only at the constitution
of his own State, but the constitutions of other
States and the Constitution of the Federal
Government itself, and ask whether anywhere,
with very few exceptions, a republican gov-
ernment exists in any one State of the Union.
I will begin with the easternmost State, the
State of Maine, from which I came originally.
In that State there is no equality of represent-
ation in the Legislature. The larger towns
are to a great extent disfranchised. The pre-
ponderance of population in the cities is ut-
terly disregarded in the representation, and
thus, if mere numbers constitute a Republic,
there is no republicanism in Maine. ~
I will pass over Massachusetts for the present,
and look to the State of Connecticut. There
is no equality of representation whatever in the
State of Connecticut. Towns like New Haven
and Hartford, the largest cities and towns of
the State, have no equality whatever in repre-
sentation; no more equality than there is in
the State of Maryland. I ask the honorable
gentleman from Maryland whether, when he
proposes that Congress shall give a repub-
lican constitution to Maryland, he proposes that
the two States of Maine and Connecticut shall
have the go-by 
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman, I trust, will
allow me to interrupt him to correct an error
info which he has fallen in regard to the State
of his nativity and of my adoption.
Mr. BROOKS. Certainly.
Mr. BLAINE. The inequality of which the
gentleman speaks does not exist. The relative
representation of the different counties in Maine
is apportioned entirely upon the basis of popu-
lation.
Mr. BROOKS. But has Portland its equal-
ity of representation?
Mr. BLAINE. The respective counties are
entitled to their just share of representation
according to population.
Mr. BROOKS. Do the people of Bangor
enjoy an equality of representation?
Mr. BLAINE. With regard to all the rest
of the State they do.
Mr. BROOKS. Do they enjoy an equality
of representation in the lower branch of the
Legislature?
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman dees not un-
derstand me. The popular representation is
apportioned among the various counties pre-
cisely upon the basis erf population.
Mr. BROOKS. I will ask the gentleman, to
how many representatives is the city of Port-
land entitled in the Legislature?
Mr. BLAINE. Four.
Mr. BROOKS. And what is the population
of Portland?
Mr. BLAINE. Thirty thousand. _ But Cum-
berland county, in which Portland is situated,
enjoys, in her share of representation, the full
advantage of all Portland's population.
Mr. BROOKS. But the city of Portland has
only four representatives, while under an equal
system of representations it would be entitled
to eight or ten.
Mr. BLAINE. It is adopted on the basis
of counties, and the gentleman's objection is
not well founded.
Mr BROOKS. It is not republican to dis-
franchise the cities of Portland and Bangor,
with other cities in that State, arid the cities
of New Haven and Hartford, and other cities
in the State of Connecticut.
I come next in order to the State of Penn-
sylvania. There is a State with a Republican
majority of about seventeen thousand, where
the Democrati<jvote is about two hundred and
ninety-one . thousand. I ask has this State,
under a system of gerrymandering—a word
created in Massachusetts—that Governor Geary
might exercise this anti-republican power of
destroying equality of representation ; I ask
whether the State of Pennsylvania with six
Democratic Representatives in this House and
eighteen Republican Representatives, with only
a majority of less than seventeen thousand over,
we hear, three hundred thousand Democratic
votes, by a wrongful and nnjust apportionment
made for party purposes to create an immense
Republican majority of this House; I ask
whether that is any fairer system of represent-
ation than the one which exists on the Eastern
Shore of Maryland ? LTnder the contrast which
the gentleman from Maryland has drawn with
liis own section of the country, there is 110
equality whatever m the State of Pennsylvania'
more than in the State of Maryland.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman will allow me to say that inequality is
not produced by a representation of larger or
smaller numbers in a particular district, but
because of the aggregation in particular dis-
tricts of men of particular political character.
You could not divide Berks or Lancaster, and
yet their great majorities give them what I have
already stated. It is not on account of the
population ; there is no inequality there.
Mr. BROOKS. I comprehend that by a
series of ingenious operations, by dovetailing
Democratic counties with those having largo
Republican majorities, what is well described
in the well-known process of gerrymandering,
the Republican majority of Pennsylvania have
so contrived their legislation as to make the
representation upon this floor in the ratio of
six Democrats to eighteen Republicans, when
their whole majority in the State is less than
seventeen thousand. That is called repub-
lican representation !
I suppose I shall bo informed—and I dare
say 1 will got into a hornet's nest —Tennessee
and Missouri have republican governments !
But before I come to that, Mr. Speaker, T
ask whether the State of Wisconsin has a re-
publican representation upon this floor? Wis-
consin has between eight and nine hundred
thousand population, and yet her representa-
tion has been so managed by her Republican
majority that while there are upon this floor
five Republicans from that State, the Demo-
cracy, with only about fifteen thousand major-
ity against them, is represented by one soli-
tary star. Is that republican representation?
Would it be just and right to interfere with
Maryland and not also go into the State of
Wisconsin to correct the misrepresentation
there?
Mr. COVODE. I wish to say to my friend
from New York that an effort Was made to
make another Democratic district in western
Pennsylvania, and that happened to be my
own district, but notwithstanding all the com-
bined forces they were not able to succeed.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman is a lucky
man. He knows how to work minorities into
majorities. But let that pass.
Now, for the States of Tennessee andr Mis-
souri. "With the white population in those two
States crushed out,' having no representation
in a large degree upon this floor, the white
population of those States represented by a
minority here, with only one Democrat from
Missouri, 1 ask gentlemen to tell me whether
those are republican forms of government ? 1
know you tell me those who are disfranchised
are rebels and have no right to representation
upon the floor of this House. But is that a
republican form of government ? Has not
man his rights whatsoever that man maybe?
If that man has been a rebel, trampled and
