426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28 
rules. But it does not fall on Monday. * Mark
that. You meet on Wednesday, when you can-
not suspend the rules, and therefore, when it
will not be within your power, by a suspension
of the rules, to get at it in that way. Members
fiould filibuster so as to prevent any joint action
taking place.
It will be sard, perhaps, that the previous
question might prevent it. It is a poor body
that cannot filibuster beyond a certain hour.
We are to call the roll and adjourn over to the
next day, and at one o'clock the roll is to be
called again. Now, if this House by the pre-
vious question is able to prevent this filibuster-
ing, in the Senate they have no previous ques-
tion, and it is in the power of Senators at any
time, by rising to debate, to do this. They
have the right to debate from hour to hour,
and thus prevent any concurrent action on the
part of the two Houses.
If any gentleman chooses to walk into this
trap he may. I do not propose to do it. I say
that resolution, whether designed or not, is
most ingeniously framed so as to prevent any
possibility, or'at least any human probability,
of the meeting of Congress before next De-
cember.
But it will be said gentlemen will be influ-
enced by a sense of public duty to come here'
if required. I do not believe our Democratic
friends will come here at all. I would not if I
were of their way of thinking. They do not
want Congress to meet at all. A great many
011 this side may be desirous to stay away.
Public opinion would drive us here if we were
disposed to stay at home in case any emergency
should require our presence here. Then if
we come here with a large majority in both
branches, with the best intentions, with an
honest purpose to stay'here and do business,
a feeble minority in either branch may prevent
it. We are to meet, but how? AVo are to
stay here until the next day, and then go away
unless some substantial legislation takes place.
In order to stay here after we meet it will
require legislation of both Houses, which may
be defeated in either by a determined minority,
however small that minority may be.
This being the case, though on first impres-
sion when I first heard the resolution I thought
iiore was a fair proposition, not agreeing to the
four periods ot assembling according to my
first resolution, not agreeing to the two accord-
ing to the last resolution sent to the Senate,
but agreeing to one in July; yet when I come
to look into it it is a mere delusive pretense
and really no meeting at all. Therefore, if I
vote for that resolution, I shall be voting neces-
sarily, as I understand it, to adjourn until the
regular meeting of Congress in December next.
I am not prepared to do that. But if I were
compelled to vote I would vote honestly, fairly,
and above board to adjourn without day, to be
called together by law in December next, rather
than to walk into a trap of this kind, and give
somebody good reason to believe that I was
simple enough to think there was something iu
it when there is not.
Before I yield to any one I move that the
House non-concur and ask for a committee of
conference.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the House
concur.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield to the gentleman
from Illinois.
Mr. FAliNSWORTH. If it is in order, I
propose to amend the Senate amendment. I
wish the House to understand the resolution
as amended by the Senate. It requires the
Presiding Officers of the two Houses to adjourn
their respective Houses on Saturday next until
the first Wednesday in July, that we reassemble
on that day, and that thereupon the Presiding
Officers shall cause the rolls of their respective
Houses to be called, and unless otherwise
ordered the two Houses shall adjourn until the
following day ; that on the following day they
shall call the roll again, and shall then adjourn
sine die. There is nothing about " otherwise
ordered'' on. the second day. They shall on
the first day, unless otherwise ordered, call the
roll and adjourn, but on the second day they
shall call the roll and adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
condition of the resolution as regards further
amendment. The Senate has agreed to the
amendment of the House of Representatives
to the amendment of the Senate to the reso-
lution of the House with an amendment. That
is as far as the jpower of amendment can go.
It cannot be again amended and sent back.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I will pot offer
it, but will say what I would have said had I
been permitted to offer it. It was my desire to
so amend the resolution as to authorize the
Presiding Officers of the two Houses on the
second day to call the roll, and if there should
be found no quorum present, then to adjourn
until the regular session of Congress, but if
there should be a quorum present then to pro-
ceed to business. The officers of the two
Houses oughtnottobe required to adjourn their
respective Houses unless otherwise ordered,
for it would be in the power, as the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Sohekck] says, of any gentle-
man by talking an hour to cause an adjourn-
ment of the House and Senate until the regular
session in December. It would 'not require
any twenty-four hours filibustering, only that
some Senator or member of the House should
get the floor and talk an hour. Although there
might be a quorum present in both Houses
for the purpose of doing business, yet, under
this resolution as it now stands, the Presiding
Officer would be required at one o'clock to
rise and declare the House adjourned.
It is, it seems to mo, as the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] characterizes it, a very
ingenious method of providing that there shall
not be a session, no matter what the exigen-
cies of the country may be. I hope, sir, the
House will not agree to the amendment. Let
us have a committee of conference andendeavor
there to provide that we may have a session if
the country demands it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not propose to extend
this discussion, but I simply wish before yield-
ing the floor again to call attention to another
singular provision in the amendment of the
Senate in reference to the clerks of committees,
and messengers which strikes mainly at us.
The Senate is a body of about one third the
number of members that this House contains,
and it has thirteen messengers, some of them
brothers, sons, and other relatives of Senators,
I am sorry to say, while the House has but
seven. These thirteen messengers are to stay
and get their pay. For that purpose I pre-
sume the seven here may be passed by. But
when they come to a chance to strike at the
committee clerks, there is a sudden virtuous
indignation on their part.
Mr. BLAINE. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will say that that provision strikes at
the Senate committee clerks more than it does
to ours.
Mr. SCHENCK. How?
Mr. BLAINE. Because there are no com-
mittee clerks in the House now, while the
Senate have all their committees and clerks.
Mr. SCHENCK. They might as well go
further and exclude the messengers. As my
colleague [Mr. Bingham] desires to move to
concur in this amendment of the Senate, I will
yield the floor to him for five minutes.
Mi-. BINGHAM. I wish to submit a motion
to concur in the amendment of the Senate.
And I would inquire of the Chair whether, un-
der an order already adopted by the House for
the remainder of this session, a motion to sus-
pend the rules is not in order at anytime until
the House shall rescind or modify that order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would decide
that should the House again meet in July
next, or at any other time before the begin-
ning of the next regular session in December
next, a motion to suspend the rules would cer-
tainly be in order, under an order ofthe House,
applicable to the remainder of the first session
of the Fortieth Congress.
Mr. BINGHAM. That being the case, then
I desire to inquire whether it is not also in
order for less than a quorum to order a call of
the House, and whether a call of the House
having once been ordered and begun, it can be
stopped until concluded, except the House so
order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be com-
pelled to rule in accordance with the resolu-
tion adopted by the_ two Houses. That would
be a joint rule binding upon the two Presiding
Officers, unless rescinded or changed by some
other concurrent action of the two Houses;
which concurrent action could only bo had
when a quorum was present in each House.
Mr. BINGHAM. My colleague [Mr. Schexck]
wants to adopt some resolution which shall
compel a quorum of each House to attend here
next July. Sir, he cannot fix it in any way so
as to compel a quorum of this House or of
the Senate, or even a member of the Senate to
attend here then. The remarks of my colleague
would apply with equal force to any resolution
the two Houses might adopt on this subject.
For myself I never saw any necessity for the
continuance of this first session of the Fortieth
Congress. I do not for a moment recognize
the force of the suggestions made by gentle-
men in this House or out of it, that the safety
of this Republic depends in any sense upon
the presence of this Congress or of any Con-
gress for the next six months. That is with
the great people who have once saved this
Government by arms, and who will again do so
if need be. I am perfectly willing to adopt
the Senate amendment, to meet here in July
next, and abide the action of the two Houses
at that time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desiro to inquire
of the Speaker whether under this amendment
of the Senate, even if a quorum should be here
at the time of the meeting in July next, he
would not be obliged to adjourn this House at
the conclusion of the roll-call on the second
day, unless ordered to the contrary by the two
Houses.
The SPEAKER. Unless there should be a
concurrent resolution of the two Houses or-
dering differently, the Chair would be obliged
to adjourn the House at the time named.
Mr. BINGHAM. That matter is left to the
judgment and. action of the two Houses at that
time. They may so order that the session shall
continue from that time until the first Monday
in December next.
It is perfectly plain how this matter stands.
My colleague [Mr. Sciiexck] desires appar-
ently to have some sort of arrangement by
which the two Houses of Congress shall be
compelled to convene. I tell the gentleman
that he cannot make any such arrangement.
You may legislate here and pass a bill every
hour for the next forty-eight consecutive hours,
and you cannot compel a single Senator to be
in his place here next July or at any other
time. It depends upon the separate action of
each House, a quorum of which can compel
the attendance of members.
Therefore, I am in favor of concurring in
the amendment of the Senate, because 1 be-
lieve it will answer all the purposes that I ever
heard urged by anybody who is in favor of a
continuance of this session. It is simply a
notification to the Executive that the repre-
sentatives of the people can come to the Cap-
itol again without consulting him, and proceed
to legislate if the public exigencies shall re-
quire it. I do not myself believe any such
exigencies will arise. But it will be for Con-
gress, in July next, to determine whether or
not any such exigencies have arisen.
Mr. SCHENCK. The remarks of my col-
league [Mr. Bingham] render it necessary that
I should say a word or two further. I admit
that under ordinary circumstances a legisla-
tive body may adjourn when it pleases, or may
refuse to adjourn, as the majority of its mem-
bers shall determine. But here wo, that legis-
lative body, propose to determine now in ad-
vance that when a particular hour arrives,
