428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
tain from the 7th day of November, 1861, the
date of his honorable discharge from the ser-
vice, until the 30th day of January, 1867, the
date from which a pension has been granted
to him.
"Mr. PERHAM. I hope this will be put on
its passage. The petitioner is confined to his
bed and unable to help himself at all. I call
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reeonsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
hiram paulding.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill- "No. 100, supplementary to an
act for the relief of Hiram Paulding, rear
admiral United States Navy; which was read
a first and second time.
It appropriates a sufficient sum to pay the
claim of Rear Admiral Hiram Paulding, as
provided for by^ an act of Congress passed
at the last session, the sum not to exceed
$3,653 02.
Mr. BANKS. I ask that this be put upon
its passage, and I wish to state that at the last
session 
Mr. HOLMAN. I will reserve the point of
order until the gentleman from Massachusetts
makes his statement.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the point
comes too late.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I wish to inquire if this
is a bill to pay for entertaining some friends
abroad?
Mr. BANKS. It ia a bill to reimburse for ex-
penses incurred by the order of the Government
in 1848, It was considered by the Committee
on Foreign Affairs very carefully last session,
agreed to unanimously, reported to the House,
and was passed by both branches, but by acci-
dent the appropriation was omitted.
Mr. SC01< rELD. I examined this bill when
it was here at the last session, and was satis-
fied it was right, and ought to be paid. I made
the inquiry I did, not in opposition to the bill,
but simply to ascertain if it referred to that
frolic.
The bill was then read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
land for brooklyn navy-yard.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 41, for the pur-
chase of land adjoining the navy-yard at Brook-
lyn ; which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
authorizes the Secretary of the Navy to com-
plete the purchase of the property adjoining
the New York navy-yard, known as the Bug-
gies's property, without the previous assent
of the State of New York, provided the title
is otherwise approved by the Attorney General.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask that this joint resolu-
tion may be put upon its passage.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would ask if this joint
resolution has been considered by any commit-
tee of this House?
Mr. KELLEY. This joint resolution was
reported by the Committee on Naval Affairs
of the Senate. In 1866, under the authority
of a special act of Congress, the United States
Government purchased this property. It has
been used in such a manner as greatly to dam-
age the navy-yard in Brooklyn; and it is in
some respects essential to that yard, as reported
by Admiral Smith and others. The purchase
has been made, but other parties desiring the
property "have influence enough at Albany to
prevent the Legislature of New York from
giving its assent. This bill is to provide for
the completion of the coatraot for purchase
without that assent.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have no objection to the
passage of the joint, resolution.
The joint resolution was then read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. KELLEY moved to reeonsider the vote
by which the joint resolution wag passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ohio and indiana wis claims.
The SPEAKER. The next business on the
Speaker's table is Senate bill No. 105.
Mr. SCOFIELD. As there is probably very
little money now left in the Treasury, I move
that the House now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
title of this bill, when if the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] insists upon his
motion it will be put.
The title of the bill was read as follows :
A bill (S. R. No. 105) to reimburse the
States of Indiana and Ohio for moneys ex-
pended for the United States in enrolling,
equipping, and provisioning militia forces to
aid in suppressing the rebellion. .
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will withdraw the mo-
tion to adjourn.
The bill was then read a first and second
time.
Mr. WARD. I desire to reserve my right
to raise the point of order, if this is an appro-
priation bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. The United States has
already paid a very large sum to the State of
Pennsylvania for soldiers called out at the
time of Lee's invasion of that State, and we
ask so much less than Pennsylvania did that,
notwithstanding the fears of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield] 1 think the
Treasury can bear it. What we ask is for pre-
cisely the same kind of costs and expenses
incurred inlndiana and Ohio, in defending the
lives and property of citizens at the time of
Morgan's raid, that were incurred by Pennsyl-
vania at the time of Lee's invasion; and al-
though the operations of Morgan were not so
extensive as those of Lee, they were quite as
active and fraught with mischief as far as they
went.
Mr. MILLER. Does the gentleman say that
this is similar to the claim of Pennsylvania?
Mr. SCHENCK. It is.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. It is sim-
ilar to the claim of Pennsylvania, which has
been twice defeated.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. We voted
for it, and it has been paid.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. No, sir;
we have never had a dollar of it. I rfiove that
the House adjourn.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman cannot
make that motion while I have the floor.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I f>eg
the gentleman's pardon; I thought the gentle-
man was through long ago.
Mr. SCHENCK. Pennsylvania borrowed
from her own people money which she ex-
pended for her own defense. Then she came
to Congress to have the money paid back to
her. So the States of Ohio and Indiana have
in good faith expended this money, and in-
curred obligations to their citizens, their peo-
ple, and their soldiers. They now ask that
only the actual expenditures which they have
incurred, the losses which they have sustained,
shall be paid by the Government in like man-
ner. And I say again that the principle in-
volved in this case is the same as that which
has been applied to Pennsylvania and other
States.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would ask the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Sohenok] if this bill does not
contain the same provisions and for exactly
the same purposes as the acts passed during
the last session of Congress for Missouri and
West Virginia?
Mr. SCHENCK. It does; I was just about
to add that. And it is unquestionably fair that
we should treat alike all these States—Penn-
sylvania, West Virginia, Missouri, Ohio, and
Indiana—whose soil has been actually invaded
and defended by the States. I now call the
previous question.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a question of order:
that the bill has not yet been read to the
House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains that
point of order. Any member has the right to
call for the reading of the bill.
Mr. WARD. I now raise the point of ordey
that this bill is an appropriation bill, and under
the rules must first be considered in Committee
of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
pointof order; and if the gentleman from New
York insists upon it, the rules must be sus-
pended before the previous question can be
sustained.
Mr. SCHENCK. I thought the gentleman
had waived the objection. If he insists upon
it, I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. WARD. I hope the House will allow
me to say a single word. I am entirely willing
that this bill shall be considered, and if it be
just, shall be passed ; but I do object to a bill
appropriating hundreds of thousands of dollars
being put through the House without the con-
sideration of any committee. I should be glad
if the House would now go into the Committee
of the Whole upon this bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I was not aware that the
gentleman desired to discuss the bill.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I desire to inquire
whether this claim has ever been examined
by any committee of the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. The claim of Indianahas
been. That of Ohio grows out of the same
raid and rests on precisely the same grounds.
Mr. GRISWOLD. By what committee was
the claim examined?
Mr. SCHENCK. By the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The SPEAKER. - If the point of order is
insisted upon, that this is an appropriation
bill, the Chair will rule 
Mr. HOLMAN. I insist that the point of
order comes too late, that it cannot be made
after the bill has been debated.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point that the question of order is raised too
late. The point must be made immediately
after the bill is read. It is true that in this
case the bill has not been read; but as soon
as the title was announced any member had
the right to demand the reading of the hill.
It was probably not called for because the bill
was read in full yesterday.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr, Schenck] how much
money is involved in this bill? I see that no
specified sum is stated on the face of the hill.
Mr. SCHENCK. My impression is that
so far as Ohio is concerned, it will amount to
about thirty thousand dollars. The gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] can, I presume,
speak for his own State.
Mr. HOLMAN. From the nature of some
of the claims, being for equipment of troops,
&c., the precise sum cannot be now deter-
mined ; but the whole amount I suppose will
not exeeed $100,000.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to ask further,
whether the bill is intended to cover only the
expenditures made by these two States in re-
pelling the Morgan and other raids, or whether
itgoes beyond that?
Mr. HOLMAN. No, sir; it does not go
beyond that.
_ Mr. SCHENCK. I now demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. CHANLER. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. BROOMALL. Is it in order to move
that the House take a recess till half past sovea
o'clock this evening?
The SPEAKER. It would be if the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Chastleb] should
withdraw the motion to adjourn.
Mr. CHANLER. I do not withdraw it.
