1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOME.
429
On the motion, there-were—ayes 43, noes 51.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The previous question was seconded and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. KOON TZ. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The question was taken; but before the
result was announced,
^r■ 1 RO W BRID GE called for tellers,
tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Koohtz
and Hot.man were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 55, noes 43.
So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon
|at tour o'clock and fifty minutes p.m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
JFhe following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
.CAKE: Several petitions of citizens of
bchuy 11aU county, Pennsylvania, praying Congress
to proceed with the impeachment and removal of the
Acting President nf the United States.
By Mr. MILLER: The memorial of 250 workinymen
of JSorthumberland county, Pennsylvania, praying
tor the passage of a lawgiving adequate protection
to American manufacturers and industry.
.By Mr.lROWBBIDGE: Thi petition of John Cal-
vin Johnson, of Watkinsville, Georgia, praying to
be relieved from the disabilities of the constitutional
amendment as contemplated by that amendment.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 29, 1807.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday ; but was interrupted by
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that the
further reading of the Journal be dispensed
with.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think I shall object.
It had better be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the reading will be continued.
The Secretary resumed and concluded the
reading of the J ournal.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of the In-
terior, communicating, in obedience to law, a
letter of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office and a letter of the surveyor gen-
eral of New Mexico, and a copy of the evi-
dence taken by the surveyor general in rela-
tion to the pueblo of Santa Ana of New Mex-
ico ; which was ordered to lie on tlie table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that all other
business be suspended, and that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. G3.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope we shall have the
privilege of presenting petitions and getting
papers off our tables. I have several petitions
that I wish to present.
Mr. JOHNSON. So have I.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I withdraw the motion
for the present.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present the petition of
James L. Seward, late a member of Congress
from the State of Georgia, praying to be re-
lieved from the disability of the constitutional
amendment. I have also other petitions of a
similar character, some of which, undoubtedly,
if presented to the Senate, would induce them
to waive the disability in their cases; but
upon examination I believe that Congress has
no power to relieve any party from the disa-
bility imposed by the constitutional amend-
ment until the constitutional amendment itself
is adopted and forms a part of the Constitu-
tion. It is the constitutional amendment alone
that gives to Congress the power to remove
the disability, and until that is adopted and
forms a part of the Constitution these memo-
rialists must wait. I move that these petitions
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
They were s® referred.
Mr. HOWARD presented resolutions of the
Legislature Of Michigan, in favor of a grant of
land to aid in the construction of a railroad
"from a point at or near-Negaunee, in the iron
region on the Marquette and Ontonagon rail-
road, to the straits of Mackinaw; which were
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONNESS presented the petition of
Frederick Richards, praying to be allowed a
pension ; which was referred to the-Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. HOWE presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Wisconsin,'in favor of granting
a pension to Calvin Ely, on account of the mil-
itary services and death of his only son, Lieu-
tenant Colonel John H. Ely ofthe tenth regi-
ment of Wisconsin volunteers; which were
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of
workingmen of Northumberland county, and
a petition of workingmen of Schuylkill county,
Pennsylvania, praying for such an adjustment
of the tariff on imports as to give adequate
protection to American manufactures and in-
dustry ; which were referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. FOWLER presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Little Rock, Arkansas, remonstrating
against the passage of any law designed to
remedy the defects of the sale of property in
May, 1865, for the non-payment of the United
States direct tax; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary. *
Mr. NORTON presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of the return
of the fees paid by settlers on certain home-
stead entries canceled by the Commissioner
of the General Land Olficc since the 1st of
January, 1803; which were referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of vol-
unteer soldiers in the armies of the United
States during the late rebellion, praying for a
bounty of eight and one third dollars per month
for each month of service; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. JOHNSON presented resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of Arkansas, declar-
ing the existing government of that State to be
republican in form, in conformity with the Con-
stitution and constitutional laws and treaties
of the United States, and is the true and proper
government of that State, and of right ought
to be recognized as a member of the Federal
Union, and entitled to representation in the
Senate and House of Representatives with all
the rights and privileges of other States; which
were referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
PHONETIC ALPHABET.
Mr. CONNESS. I present the memorial
of a citizen of the State of California, a gen-
tleman distinguished for his learning, in which
he memorializes Congress to pass an act to
provide for the establishment of a phonetic
alphabet. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on the Library.
It was so referred.
Mr. CONNESS. He also incloses the form
of an act which he asks me to introduce on the
same subject, and as it is connected with that,
I should like to present it now, and let it be
read and referred to the same committee.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 120) relative to the
phonetic alphabet; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the
Library, and ordered to be printed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. YATES. The Committee on Territo-
ries, to whom was referred the bill (II. R. No.
100) to amend an act changing the location ot
the capital of Montana Territory, have in-
structed me to report it back and recommend
its passage, and I desire immediate action upon
it. There is no sort of objection to it. It is
a mere local matter. '
The PRESIDENT pto tempore. Is there
any objection?
Mr. CAMERON, Mr. JOHNSON, 4nd Mr.
SPRAGUE objected.
Mr. YATES. I hope Senators will not
object.
Mr. CAMERON. I do object, because I
have a resolution which I want to present to
the Senate. It will take but a moment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the bill lies over under the rule.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom were re-
ferred a memorial of the Legislature of. Ne-
braska, in favor of additional bounty to the
troops from that Territory who served in the
Army during the rebellion; resolutions of the
Legislature of Tennessee, in favor of securing
the quota of arms from the General Govern-
ment to which that State may be entitled, and
that one of the forts in the vicinity of Nash-
ville may be secured for the depositary of said
arms; resolutions of the Legislature of Mis-
souri, in favor of the passage of a law grant-
ing the same bounty to the Missouri State
militia which has been paid to volunteers of
other States in the United States service; and
two petitions of volunteer soldiers and a me-
morial of the Legislature of Minnesota, in favor
of an equalization of bounties, asked to be
discharged from their further consideration,
the subjects having been acted upon; which
was agreed to.
EXAMINATION OF INDIAN TERRITOnY.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, reported the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Memlved, That tho Committee on Indian Affairs
shall have authority, under tho resolution of March
25,1867, if by them deemed expedient, to visit and
examine in person the Indian territory, contemplated
in said resolution for the permanent residenco of tho
Indian tribes, and to employ a clerk during such
examination; and the Scoretary of Wsir be requested
to give such military protection and transportation
to the committee as may be deemed nccossary.
INFORMATION ON INDIAN AFFAIKS.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am directed by the
same committee to report the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior cause
to be prepared and reported to tho Senate, at the
earliest practical moment, a statement, arranged in
alphabetical order.showing,
1. The approximate number of persons belonging
to each tribe of Indians in tho United States.
2. Tho locality and extent of the reservation, if
any, assigned to the tribe, and whether the lands are
held in common or in severalty; and if there be no
reservation, then a description of the country occu-
pied or claimed by such tribe.
3. A statement of the treaty obligations now sub-
sisting with each tribe, showing the date and artieio
thereof, and referring to the volume and page of the
Statutcs-at-Large where the same may be found.
4. The amounts of money required to be appropri-
ated annually under such treaty obligations, and the
purposes to which it is to be applied; and also tho
amount annually appropriated since tho year 1862,
inclusive, for tho use of tribes with which no treaty
stipulations exist, and how the same has been ex-
pended.
5. The progress of each tribo in education and civ-
ilization, together with such other facts connected
with its history and present relations as mayprcsent
in short and concise form its true conditions, with
such remarks in reference to future policy and treat-
ment as the experience of the Department may sug-
S 6. The name of the superintendent and agent hav-
ing charge of the tribe, the extent of their jurisdic-
tion, the date of their appointment,with such remarks
in reference to the efficiency of such officers as their
general conduct in the discharge of their duties may
suggest.
I ask for the present consideration of the
resolution.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. POMEROY. I think it would require
a large number of clerks to answer that res-
olution.
- Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to suggest to
the Senator who offered that resolution to
include in it an inquiry as to the number of
each tribe devoted to agriculture and who main-
tain themselves in that way. That would be a
valuable piece of information, and very sug-
gestive in legislation hereafter. A large num-
