430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29.
ber of some tribes are in that condition, while
others entirely discard agriculture.
Mr. HENDERSON. I think the resolution
in its terms covers all that the Senator desires.
Mr. RAMSE Y. There is one general inquiry
under which head possibly it might be embraced,
but this kind of information is so important in
acting upon Indian subjectsthata special head
should be devoted to it. Still I shall not urge
an amendment; I simply suggest it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope the resolution
will be passed. The information is very im-
portant to the Indian Committee. We cannot
get along without it.
The resolution was adopted.
TOTING PLACES IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. WILLEY. I desire to report a bill of
six or eight lines, stating to the Senate that
from information which has come to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia it appears
there are not voting places enough in some of
the wards of the city of Washington to enable
the increased vote of those wards to be taken
on the same day. I am authorized by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia to report a
bill to remedy that defect, and to ask the Sen-
ate to indulge me by its present consideration.
The bill (S. No. 121) aathoiizing and requir-
ing the judges of election in the city of Wash-
ington, in the District of Columbia, to desig-
nate and establish voting places therein, was
read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. DAVIS. J objcct to any farther con-
sideration of the bill until I offer a resolution,
which will take no time, and I ask permission
to read it to the Senate that they may under-
stand it.
Mr. WJLLEY. Is it for the purpose of pres-
ent consideration ?
Mr. DAVIS. After the Senator hears it he
can object to its consideration.
Mr. WILLEY. Is the Senator in order till
this bill is disposed of?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I under-
stand the Senator from Kentucky to object to
the second reading of the bill at this time.
WEST VIRGINIA,
Mr. DAVIS. I will read my resolution :
Whereas "West Virginia was formed wholly within
tho jurisdiction of the State of Virginia, and by an
. act of Congress approved December 81.1862, was ad-
mitted into the Union as one of tho United States,
and said act recites that "the Legislature of Virginia,
by an act passed on tho 13th day of May, 1862, did
give its warrant to the formation of a new State
within tho jurisdiction of the State of Virginia, to be
known by thonamoof West Virginia;" and whereas
Congress by an act entitled "An act for th« more effi-
cient government of tho rebel States," passed the
2d day of March, instant, over tho President's veto,
did assume, that on the said 13th day of May, 1802,
Virginia was not a State of the United States; and
whereas Congress by a resolution pushed in January,
1865, proposed to the Legislature of the several States
an amendment to the Constitution of tho United
States in these words and figures:
"Article XIII.
" Section 1. Neither slavery nor involuntary servi-
tude, except as a punishment for crime whereof the
parties shall have been duly convicted, shall exist
within ihe United States, or any place subject to
their jui i&diction.
"st:c2. Congress shall have power to enforce this
article by appropriate legislation;"
And whereas on the 6th of April, 1860, Congress did
gass over the veto of tho President of tho United
tates, underthe second section of said amendment
of the Constitution, an act entitled "Anacttoprotect
all persons in tho United States in their civil rights
and furnish the means of their vindication;" and
whereas at the date of the passage of tho aoi Inst
aforesaid the said proposed amendment of the Con-
stitution had been ratified by the following named
States: Illinois Rhode Island, Michigan, Mary-
land, New York, West Virginia, Maine, Kansas,
Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, Virginia, Ohio, Mis-
souri, Nevada. Indiana, Louisiana,Minnesota, Wis-
consin, Vermont, Tennessee, Arkansas, Connecticut,
.New Hampshire, Georgia, Oregon, California, Flor-
ida, Now Jersey, and Iowa, of which States Vir-
ginia, Louisiana, Arkansas, South Oaiolina, Ala-
bama, North Carolina, Georgia, and Florida are
assumed by the said act of Congress, entitled "An
act for the more efficient government of the rebel
States;vnot to have been States of the UnitedScates,
both at the time they severally ratified the aforesaid
proposed amendment of the Constitution and at the
times that Congress passed the aforesaid act, entitled
. An act to protect all persons in the United States
in their civil rights and furnish the mean3 of their
vindication:" Therefore,
Beit resolved. That tho Committee on the Judi- i
ciary do investigate, consider, and report to the Sen- 1
ate whether West Virginia is one of the States of the
United States, whether the aforesaid act < to protect
all persons in the United States m their civil rights
is a constitutional and valid law, and whether the
aforesaid proposed amendment of the Constitution
has been proposed and ratified according to the iorui
required by the Constitution and by the requisite
number of States, and is or not a part thereof.
I move to refer this resolution to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
massacre near, fort phil. kearnet.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following
resolution; which was considered .by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to tho Senate the official report of
Colonel H.B.Carringt on as to the massacre of Lieu-
tenant Fetterman and others, and also such inform-
ation on the subject as has not been heretofore com-
municated to the Senate.
baltimore and ohio railroad.
Mr. CAMERON submitted the following
resolution, and asked for its present considera-
tion.
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he is
hereby, directed to inform the Senate what amount
of money has been paid by the United States to the
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company for transport-
ation during the war, what rates were paid to that
railroad for such service, whether the compensation
paid was greater than that allowed toother railroads
for tho performance of like services, and if so, why
such higher rates were so paid to the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad; also, what amount of money is still
claimcd by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Com-
pany as due that company by tho United States, and
for what service^such balance, if any. is so claimed,
together with the amount duo the United States by
the said Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company for
the use of engines, cars, &c., furnished by the trov-
ernmentto thatcompanydnring the war, andwhether
any claim has been made by the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company for damages to their road by rea-
son of military operations, whether any moneys have
been paid them on account of such damages, and what
amount if any, has been so paid by the United
States.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection to the
consideration of the resolution, but I wish to
say 
Mr. YATES. I object. The honorable Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania objected to the con-
sideration of a matter in which lam interested,
and which I deem very important.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution goes over under the
rules.
Mr. CAMERON. Allow me to suggest to
the Senator from Illinois that I made no im-
proper objection.
Mr. YATES. I object unless mine is first
considered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution will lie over.
president's page.
Mr. CRAG IN. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration :
Resolved, That the page appointed by the Presi-
dent of the Senate be continued during thevacation,
and in such vacation employed by the Serjeant-at-
Arms, upon whoso certificate his compensation shall
be paid out of the contingent fund,
Mr. DIXON. The rule, I believe, requires
that all resolutions of this character shall be
referred to the Committee to Audit and. Con-
trol the Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
Mr. CRAGIN. I will say that this resolu-
tion comes from that committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It cannot
be considered to-day except by unanimous eon-
sent. Is there any objection to its present con-
sideration? If objection be made, of course
it must go over. ["No objection."] There
being unanimous consent, the resolution is
before tho Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
some reason for the resolution. I believe it is
unusual, and thatthere has been nothing of the
kind done heretofore.
Mr. CRAGIN. I will say that the page to
whom this resolution will apply was appointed
by Vice President; Hamlin, and continued by
Mr. Foster, the recent President of the Senate.
There are reasons that have induced me, and
I believe the majority of the Committee on
Contingent Expenses, to ask the passage of this
resolution. It certainly makes no additional
expense. This boy or young man will be em-
ployed by the Sergeant-at-Arms in the dis-
charge of duties that others would have to
perform if he was not employed. I would say
that the mother of this young man is a widow
and has a large family to support, and she suf-
fered extremely during the rebellion. At the
time of Early's raid upon Washington she was
living near the residence of Mr. Blair, and by
order of the commanding general of the Fede-
ral troops her house, which was in the lines
protecting rebel officers, was directed to be
destroyed, and was destroyed with all her prop-
erty, every particle that she had upon the
earth. This will be a great blessing to her, and
will not be any expense or wrong to the Gov-
ernment.
The resolution was agreed to.
bills introduced.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of the bill
(S. No. 106) fixing the time at which the act
to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States, approved March
2, 18G7, shall go into effect. I will say to the
Senate that I simply desire to get a vote on
this question. I desire to be relieved of the
charge of it.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I desire
to introduce a joint resolution. I believe that
business is still in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This mo-
tion is in order also.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. The
morning hour has not yet expired.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive the resolution of the Senator from
Tenn essoe.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I ask
leave to introduce a joint resolution, and give
notice that if time be allowed, in case Congress
does not adjourn at once, I shall call it up for
consideration.
Leave was granted to introduce the joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 56) for the relief of the
people of East Tennessee, and it was read and
passed to a second reading. It proposes to
appropriate $500,000 to enable the Secretary
of War to extend to the people of East Ten-
nessee, in consequence of the unprecedented
losses of property by the late floods, such re-
lief as is contemplated by the joint resolution
for the relief of the destitute in the western
and southwestern States.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 55) for the relief of
Leonard J. Smith, for carrying the United
States mail from Great Salt Lake City, Utah,
to Bannock City, Montana Territory; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 122) for the support in part of tho Na-
tional Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphan Home in
the District of Columbia; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask for the present con-
sideration of the bill. It is the same proposi-
tion to which my friend from Maine. [Mr. Mor-.
bill] objected when offered the other day as
an amendment to an appropriation bill. It is
absolutely necessary that it should pass at this
session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
the bill?
Mr. SPRAGUE. I must object if it dis-
places the motion I have made to take up
Senate bill No. 106.
The' PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection to the present consideration of the
bill?
Mr. SPRAGUE. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the bill .cannot now be considered.
message 1'kom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPHerson, its Clerk, announced
