1867.
TIB CONCESSIONAL GLOBIp.
433
the 1st day of Jijne, The mischief is precisely
the same.'_ No bankrupt law ought to go into
operation in the future unless it is provided
that conveyances made in anticipation of
bankruptcy between the time of the passage of
the law and the time it goes into operation
shall bo held to be fraudulent and void.
It Js said by the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Dhakj] that you cannot commit a fraud
against the provisions of a law unless that law-
is in force. I will not agree to that principle ;
but if his principle is a sound one, then it
should be provided that conveyances made in
anticipation or in fraud of the law between
the time of its passage and the time of its
going in force should be null and void, just as
if the law was in force. Sir, the adoption of
this amendment will make this law more
odious than it would otherwise be. I make
the prediction that it will be an odious enact-
ment, and that Congress will be called upon
by this country in a very few months, or in a
year or two at farthest, to repeal it; but if you
wish to make it odious at once, if you wish
to make it offensive to the public sense, just pro-
vide that conveyances made between this and
the 1st day of June shall he valid, just as if
the law was not to take effect after that time.
As was said by the Senator from Maine, a man
has a right to prefer his creditors ; the debt
itself is a good consideration ; that is to say,
if he does; not make it in anticipation of bank-
ruptcy ; but where a bankrupt law is about to
take effect, and he is in a condition to take ad-
vantage of it and intends to do it, as is actually
done by his taking advantage of it, then the
existence of the debt is not a good considera-
tion for preferring a creditor. If this amend-
ment is~ adopted it is a good consideration for
preferring a creditor, and he can go on and pre-
fer his creditors; he can pay off half a dozen
friends, give all his property to them, and
then take the benefit of the bankrupt law and
compel all the others to lose their debts. I
say if you want to make the law odious in ad-
vance adopt this amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, there is no
principle in relation to the appropriation of a
man's property to the payment of his deb,fs
that will work with impartial and even justice
in every case; but the rule that approximates
to it most nearly that I can conceive is that all
a man's property should go equally to the pay-
ment of all his debts, and that he should have
no right to prefer creditors at all. The system
of preferring creditors by mortgage and by
deeds of trust obtained for many years in the
State of Kentucky, and a vast amount of in-
justice, fraud, and iniquity was enacted under
the privilege to prefer creditors. To my mind
the great principle upon which a bankrupt bill
is desirable, and upon which it ought to be
established, is that it does distribute a man's
estate equally among all his creditors without
regard to their classes or the dignity of debts,
and without giving him the privilege of mak-
ing preferences among his creditors. I admit
that there may be cases in which not to prefer
creditors would work hardly and unjustly upon
apartieular class of them; but as a general rale
the privilege to prefer creditors introduces a
vast amount more of injustice, fraud, and ini-
quity than it does justice.
I think that if a bankrupt bill is to go into
effect, and one of its most acceptable and just
provisions is that it seizes upon a man's whole
property and distributes that property equally
among all of his creditors pro rata, without
regard to the class of the creditors, it ca.nnot be
made to have operation in that principle too
soon; and for that reason I am decidedly op-
posed to the bill of my honorable friend from
Rhode Island and in favor of the motion to
strike out the provision.
Mr. HENDERSON. I nse_ simply to say
to my friend from Iudianathat if lie desnes to
have a bankrupt bill that is not at all odious,
that will not make itself odious to the country-,
perhaps it would be better for him to amend
the law that was passed on the 2d of March,
so ar to have it operate entirely upon contracts
40th Cong. 1st Sess.—Ho. '28.
hereafter made. The proposed amendment
postpones for a little while at least the opera-
tion _of this measure, and leaves the country
subject to those State laws under which we
have long lived peaceably and quietly, at least
since the repeal of the bankrupt law of 1841,
leaves the people to arrange their affairs and
to provide somewhat for the operation of this
law, and I do not see that the country is to
suffer very much between now and the 1st of
June under the laws that we have lived "under
happily for so many years. I apprehend that
this bankrupt law wiil be as short-lived as any
we have passed before. We have tried it two
or three times, and we have gladly got rid of
them whenever we have passed them, and I do
not anticipate any better future for this. But,
sir, I hope it will be otherwise. Instead of
making it odious to adopt- this provision, my
opinion is that it will enable the country to
prepare for its operation; and the largest time
that we can give the country to prepare their
affairs for it the less odious will the measure be.
Mr. MORTON. I agree with the Senator
from Missouri that if a bankrupt bill is passed
it should provide for contracts to be made after
that time, and no bankrupt bill will ever be
popular or acceptable unless it contains that
provision. We have now given notice to the
country and to the world that after the 1st day
of June every man who is in debt and bankrupt
can take advantage of the law and get clear of
his debts. We now propose to say that_ all
preferences given to creditors between this time
and that, to enable a man to make arrange-
ments to take the benefit of the bankrupt law,
shall be valid, just as if the bankrupt law had
not beenpassed andas if no provision had been
made to enable him to get clear of his debts.
That is the simple proposition contained in this
amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON. It simply makes the
act take effect at that time, that is all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island, [Mr. Speaoue.]
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Pessendes,]\o strike out
the proviso.
Mr. CONNESS. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. ANTHONY. We had better take the
yeas and nays on the passage of the bill. The
proviso is all there is in the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I trust we shall take the
yeas and nays on the passage of the bill, and
not on this question. The proviso is all there
is in the bill. Those who are in favor of the
bill will vote against this amendment, and
those who are against the bill will vote for the
amendment. We had better take ths vote on
the bill itself.
Mr. HENDERSON. The proviso is the bill?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not in favor of the
bill, but I rose to state that if this amendment
is agreed to it defeats the bill. It will have no
operation whatever.
Mr. CONNESS. It does not matter on
which question we take the yeas and nays.
Mr. ANTHONY. Let us reject the amend-
ment and take the yeas and nays on the passage
of the bill. T , ..
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the call
for the yeas and nays withdrawn. ?
Mr. SPRAGUE and Mr. CONIvLIN a. Yes,
S1 The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The call
will be considered as withdrawn, no objection
being made, and the question 1a on the amend-
ment to strike out the proviso.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on ordering the bill to be engrossed
for a third reading.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that question.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Let us take them on the
final passage.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for there on thia
question. We can just as well take them' on
this as on the final passage.'
The yeas and nays were ordered; and be-
ing taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 19; as fol-
lows :
YEAS—-Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cole, Cragin,
Dixon, Fowler, Henderson, Patterson of Tennessee,
Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague, Thayer, Tipton, and
Willey—14.
NAYS —Messrs. Conness, Corbett, Davis, Drake,
Edmunds, Fessenden, Frelinghuysen, Harlan, How-
ard, Johnson, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norton,
Nye, Stewart, Samnor, Trumbull, Van Winkle, and
Wilson—19.
ABSENT — Messrs. Buckalew, Cattell, Chandler,
Conkling, Doolittlo, Ferry, Grimes, Guthrie, Hend-
ricks, Howo, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Patterson
of Now Hampshire, Fomeroy, Iliddle, Ross, Sauls-
bury, Wado, Williams, and Yates—20.
So the bill was rejected.
LEVUES OF THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to call up the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 44) directing an
examination and estimate to be made of the
cost of reconstructing the levees of the Mis-
sissippi river. It directs the Secretary of War
to designate an engineer for this purpose. The
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Henderson] has
given to the Senate an elaborate report on this .
subject, and it is thought that this measure
will facilitate his operations, and there are
other friends who are anxious for the passage
of the resolution.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution, which directs
the Secretary of War to detail a competent
officer or oflieers of the engineer department
to make an examination of the condition of
the levees of the Mississippi river, and report
a plan for their reconstruction and improve-
ment from the mouth of the Ohio river to the
Gulf of Mexico, with estimate of the cost of
the same, to Congress.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It seems to me
this resolution inaugurates a policy somewhat
extraordinary and quite new. We sometimes
examine constructions that it is proper for the
Government to reconstruct; but to enter upon
the examination of the construction of the
levees of the Mississippi river is in no sense a
public work. It strikes me to be rather an
extraordinary proposition. Nobody can tell
what it will cost, and nobody that I know of
can understand what the object>of such a prop-
osition as that is if we had the information.
Is it expected to furnish information upon
which to base the action of the Government?
I will ask the honorable Senator what the ob-
ject of the proposition is?
Mr. FOWLER. The object of this resolu-
tion is to have a survey of that river and care-
ful observations made with regard to it in order
that these levees may be built upon son|e plan,
according to some system. There is no way of
constructing these levees so as to mako the
levee principle successful unless sufficient in-
formation is gained in order to make those
who are constructing levees acquainted with
the currents of the Mississippi river. It will
require long and careful series of observations
from the mouth of the Ohio to the mouth of
the Mississippi river before that can be fully
ascertained. It cannot be done by any pai-
ticular.State, as it has only authority to examine
within the limits of the State. Such observa-
tions made in part of a portion of the river will
not enable a successful leveeing of that stream.
If it were put under the care of the Govern-
ment of the United States to make observa-
tions and survey the stream, in the course of
time the whole would bo reduced to some
'system, and the laws that govern these cur-
rents could be ascertained and the levee sys-
tem made successful. My object in the reso-
lution is for the purpose of gaining information
alone.
Now, in the State of Tennessee we have no
levee system at all. There arc no levees thero.
In all the other States on the river large
