486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 29,
designation; and there is hereby appropriated out
of the Treasury, from any moneys not otherwise ap-
propriated, a sum sufficient to pay for said service:
Provided, That the accounts therefor shall be settled
in the usual 'manner, arid the compensation shall not
exceed the rate fixed in seetion seven aforesaid."
That the House agree to the third amendment of
the Senate to the fourth amendment of the House.
That the House agree to the fourth amendment of
the Senate to the fourth amendment of the House,
with an amendment as follows; in line nine of said
fourth amendment of the Senate strike out the word
"twenty" and insert in lieu thereof the word "fif-
teen."
L. M. MORRILL,
6. F. EDMUNDS.
Managers on the part of the Senate.
THADDEUS STEVENS.
CHARLES A. ELDRIDGE,
Manaffers on the part of the House.
Mr. POMEROY. Will the Senator from
Maine explain the report? I cannot under-
stand it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir. The
House disagreed to the second section of the
Senate bill, which was to limit the seventh
section of the civil appropriation bill of last
session with regard to the price paid for adver-
tising in the newspapers of the country. They
recasle from that and concur in our amendment
with an amendment, which is to the effect that
the papers authorized to be selected by the
Clerk of the House in the insurrectionary
States, twenty-one in number, I believe, shall
be authorized to publish the laws of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress. That is the effect of that
amendment.
The House recede from their disagreement
to the appropriation for the payment of the
expense of the Indian treaties, with an amend-
ment of $5,000 to one of the items, and then
concur. The House also recede from their
of the Sen-
Thesewere
all the disagreements between tfie two Houses.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I declined to sign this
report as made by the committee, and I wish
to state in a word my reasons. There was an
amendment added in the committee of confer-
ence to provide for the publication of the laws
of Congress in newspapers to be selected
throughout the southern States, a proposition
which, as I understand it, was not presented or
considered in either House, and which there-
fore I think it improper to come from the com-
mittee. It is provided that the laws of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, to wit, those passed at
both the first and second sessions, shall be
published in all the newspapers which may be
selected in the southern States pursuant to a
recent act of Congress relating to the future
publication of the laws in those States, in
papers selected by the Clerk of the House of"
Representatives. There were two hundred and
seventy large pages of law matter, laws and
resolutions passed at the first session of the
last Congress, and I suppose something more
than half that amount at the recent session.
All these are to be republished in all the news-
papers which may be selected throughout the
southern States. According to the computa-
tion we made, this will involve an expense of
some sixteen thousand dollars for the first ses-
sion of the last Congress, and probably about
nine thousand dollars more for the second
session.
Now, sir, I suppose that in many of those
States, perhaps not in all of them, those same
laws have been published in newspapers se-
lected by the Secretary of State under former
laws. I consider, therefore, that here is an
expenditure of $25,000 for the newspaper pub-
lication of the laws of the last Congress, and
that we shall get no valuable result from the
expenditure of that money. It looks to me
very much like a donation to certain favorite
newspapers, to be selected by a particular offi-
cer, for the republication of matter which is
stale, unimportant to the people of that section
of the country, and that the expenditure is a
gross outrage, if I may be permitted to use
that strong language. By recent law the Clerk
of the House selects the newspapers, instead
of tbe Secretary of State, as formerly.
My objection k that this is an unnecessary
outlay for the publication of past matter, and
not for the current laws that may be adopted
by Congress for the information of the people,
and that we are to pay for the publication of
the same matter which is already paid for to
those newspapers which have been selected
under former laws by the Secretary of State.
The question being put on the adoption of
the report, there were, on a division—ayes 15,
noes 15.
Mr. SHERMAN. There seems to be on the
division a tie vote, and therefore I suppose the
report is lost. I beg, however, to be allowed
to say a word. It seems to me that we ought
not to republish in all the southern States the
laws of the last Congress. Take, for instance,
the laws making the Indian appropriations.
What earthly use, what earthly object can there
be in publishing those laws in the southern
States except to pay the newspapers that may
be selected a gratuity? I am not willing for
one to do that. I am willing to vote all neces-
sary appropriations for the publication of future
laws, and if there are any special laws to be
designated by anybody that are of general im-
portance and general interest to the people of
the South, I am willing to vote to publish them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The result
has not been announced.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the question of concurrence, so as to
give a chance for debate.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is said this
subject was not before the committee of con-
ference. The committee did not so understand
it. I will read a section which the Senate in-
serted as an amendment, to see whether it has
not some relation to the subject. The Senate
adopted this amendment to the bill:
Sec. 2. And be it further enucted. That section "ten
of an act entitled "An act making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30,1868, and for other purposes,"
passed at tho second session of the Thirty-Ninth
Congress, shall not bo construed to allow greater com-
pensation for the publication of the laws passed by
Congress and tho executive proclamations and trea-
ties in the papers of the District of Columbia than is
provided by law forsueh publications in otherpapers.
It will be seen by this provision, and the
law to which it refers, that the subject here
referred to-was the subject of the publication
of the laws^n the insurrectionary States. That
is the subject-matter which was referred to-the
committee of conference. The House dis-
agreed to that proposition, but proposed to
recede from their disagreement with an amend-
ment that the past laws should be published
in those States, not the future laws prospe#t-
ively, but that all the laws enacted by Congress
during the rebellion should be published in
papers in those States. It seems to me the
precise subject of the publication of the laws
was before the committee, and the only ques-
tion was the extension of the publication of
those laws and treaties to the laws heretofore
passed as well as to those in the future. We
therefore considered the subject-matter as
before the committee.
Now, one word as to the propriety of this
provision. It was said that during the rebel-
lion we had enacted all the laws, and that such
had been the state of the country there that it
was impossible that the laws could have been
published and circulated, and as a matter of fact
they had not been published, and the people
of that section of the country are absolutely
ignorant to-day of laws which Congress has
passed to a greater or less extent. It was said
that we should, in justi'ce to these people, pub-
lish all the laws which had been enacted by
Congress since their States undertook to go
out of the Union. What we really agreed to,
as will be seen, is that we should publish the
laws of the last Congress, the Thirty-Ninth
Congress. It is not a great affair any way.
The amount involved, I believe, is about six-
teen thousand dollars, which is spread over the
entire southern country, for the publication of
the laws of the Thirty-Ninth Congress. Al-
though the committee on tljp part of the Sen-
ate were gomewliat reluctant to agree to it, we
finally, on the whole, consented to it, and it
seems to me it is -not a matter so important as
to cause the Senate to reject the report. .
Mr. BUCKALEW. One word in reply.
The amount of $16,000 was the computation
for the first session of the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress. I estimated the amount for the recent
session, when many laws were passed, to be at
least $9,000 more, making the amount of money
wasted, in my opinion, on these several newspa-
pers $25,000. I would have no objection to a
moderate appropriation for the publication of
important public laws in which the southern
States were interested, .in the form of a pam-
phlet, compiled by the Department of State;
but, we know that three fourths of all the matter
upon the statute-book enacted by the Thirty-
Ninth Congress is of no interest in that section
of country, but relates to matters interesting
only in the northern and in the western sections
of the Union. If we are, to inform the people
of the South of what has been going on here in
Congress during the rebellion, let us make a
compilation of a small pamphlet volume, the
publication of which willnot be very expensive,
and let it be distributed by the Secretary of
State or in some other manner. I have no
doubt that if the Senate disagree to this report,
and the subject is sent to the committee again,
we can have a concurrence without auy diffi-
culty.
Mr. ANTHONY. I voted against agreeing
to the report of the committee of conference ;
but after the explanation of the chairman of
the committee, I think I shall change my vote,
for although in my opinion a large portion of
this, at least half of it, is an unnecessary ex-
penditure, I think it would be well to publish
in these papers the laws of general interest,
laws that remain in force, but it is entirely
unnecessary to publish the appropriation laws.
Still, as a matter of compromise between the
House and the Senate, and as in case we do
not agree to this proposition, we may be sub-
jected to a still greater expenditure, I shall
vote to agree to the report of the committee.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know, certainly
I never heard, that the southern States any-
where had requested such a publication as this.
The laws that operate upon their rights, what-
ever they may be, they know just as well as
we do. They have been in possession of them
certainly since the rebellion terminated. The
whole effect—I will not say the purpose, it
would be improper to say so—the whole effect
of the proposed measure will be to give $25,000,
or $16,000 as my friend from Maine admits to
be the amount, to the editors of these news-
papers and nothing else. You might as well
take the money out of the Treasury and hand
it over to these editors for the purpose of sup-
porting their newspapers.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to say a single
word on the pending subject, as I was a mem-
ber of this committee of conference. I did not
agree to the entire propriety of publishing again
all these laws down there; but at the same
time there are some considerations in favor of
disseminating among those of oar fellow citi-
zens who have not had the opportunity of
reading any good law for a long while the laws
we passed at the last session. The community
ought to know what those laws are ; and while
it may not be of great importance that they
should know all of them, at the same time it
is quite reasonable to say that they having been
outside of the law and outside of the means of
knowing what it is, there should be published
in two newspapers in each of these States these
later acts of Congress. Some gentlemen have
gone so far as to say that we ought to publish
all back to 1861, but we do not agree to that.
These considerations, and I have merely stated
them very briefly, led me finally to concur in
this report, although intrinsically considered it
would look, in the first place, as if it was a
somewhat unnecessary expense; but on the
whole it appeared io nie in order to get the
otBer concessions which we get from the House
in consequence of it, to be wise to agree to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will add one word.
