1867.
THE OBSESSIONAL GLOBE.
The effect of this is simply to giye a gratuity
to newspapers. It is scarcely a subject worthy
of argument, [f the Senate really desire to fur-
nish these people with the laws of the last Con-
gress, pass a resolution directing the Public
Printer to print ten thousand copies of the
laws, to be distributed all over the southern
States in a permanent and enduring form; and
it probably could be done for $5,000. This
shows that this proposition to 'pay twenty or
twenty-five thousand dollars is simply a gratu-
ity to newspapers. I do not wish to vote for
it, and I see that the Senators who are on the
committee are really opposed to it themselves,
and probably yielded to it only as the best
thing they could do. Neither of them seems
to advocate the proposition on its merits.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The statement of my
friend from Ohio is not quite a fair one. I do
not mean that it is personally unfair, but logic-
ally'unfair, for the reason that the ten thousand
bound copies that are mentioned would, if
printed, go into the libraries of a few individ-
uals comparatively, and the great mass of the
community would never see them. It is so in
the northern States. As many copies as we
publish of the bound volume of the laws, it is
very troublesome indeed, for a common man,
if ho wants to find out what a particular act of
Congress is, to lay his hand on it. We know
that the newspapers circulate among the peo-
ple. Every newspaper that is published prob-
ably gets into the hands of several thousand
persons, more or less. If therefore you wish
to disseminate among the mass of the commu-
nity as a mass, high and low, a knowledge of
the laws that have been passed under these
peculiar circumstances, now that they manifest
a disposition to desire law and to desire to
come back under its operation and to obey it,
let us spread these laws in the newspapers
where they can all see them. That is the best
that can be said of it.
As I said before, frankly, it is open to doubt
if you look at it intrinsically, whether it is
worth the expense or not; but we cannot al-
ways have everything just as we wish it in this
body. We are obliged to concede something
to the views of the other House.
Mr. YATES. I am in favor of this report
of the committee. I am for it on the principle,
if no other, of encouraging and building up
loyal newspapers in the South and giving them
'support and patronage. We have been pub-
lishing all the laws, I believe, in our northern
papers. I am for extending the provision to
the southern States, if for no other reason, to
build up loyal papers there.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
whether the laws have not been published once
in some of the newspapers in these States under
the direction of the Secretary of State.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I made inquiry on that
subject, and I was unable to obtain any defi-
nite information. It seemed to be the impres-
sion that they had been published in a number
of the Statei*, forinstance, Louisiana, Alabama,
and Virginia. I do not know how far that pub-
" lication has gone, but certainly under the ex-
isting law tl e Secretary of State had power to
select newspapers in the respective States, and
under his vWw of the status of those States I
presume he has selected them in every State
within the last year or two.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is to be presumed
that the laws have all been published in some
newspapers selected there. Now, it is very
well known that these newspapers, whichare
our newspapers as we call them, on our side,
in these ten States, are newspapers recently
established which have very little circulation.
The great majority of the people do not like
them, and do not want to take them. The ques-
tion then comes to this, whether for the sake
of building up newspapers of our own polit-
ical faith in the southern States we shall pub-
lish these laws there again at double the_ price
hitherte paid, because for this publication m
these States we pay double price, two donars
a page under a law passed at the last session ;
whether we shall select newspapers ot very
limited circulation, and have all the laws,of
the Thirty-Ninth Congress again published in
these States.
The Senator from Illinois says that he is hi
fevor of this for the simple reason that it
builds up our newspapers. If he had not said
that, I do not know but that 1^should have con-
tented myself with giving a silent vote against
the proposition; but to me the idea of putting
our hands into the Treasury of the United
States and taking out money—sixteen.or twenty
or twenty-five thousand dollars, as the case
may be, more or less—and.appropriating it for
no other reason than because 'wre mean to
build up our political newspapers, is a very
strange idea, and one ,that I cannot help en-
tering my dissent to entirely. If the> Senator
is so anxious to build up newspapers, let him
put his hand into his own pocket and not into
the public Treasury. Then he would show his
patriotism; but it is not patriotic to rob the
Treasury of the United States for a mere po-
litical purpose. In my judgmentthisisnotliing
else. If the laws have been all published
there, it is a bald proposition to pay sixteeen,
twenty, or twenty-five thousand dollars to some
political newspapers in these States ; and the
money is voted for no other purpose in the
world ostensibly than to build up the papers.
I am opposed to it altogether, and I will not
vote for any report that has in it such a provis-
ion based on sucR a principle.
Mr. YATES. I simply propose to prescribe
the same rules and regulations for those south-
ern papers that we have for northern papers.
We are in the habit of publishing the laws in
all the loyal States. I cannot see the propriety
of a discrimination against these southern pa-
pers. These loyal papers are proscribed in the
South ; they are unable to sustain themselves;
and while I do not propose to confer upon
them any privileges or advantages which we
do not confer upon papers in the North, I re-
pudiate any discrimination against them. I
shall encourage these papers in a private way
probably as liberally as the honorable Senator
from Maine ; but I will not prescribe an illib-
eral and prescriptive rule against these south-
ern papers which are now proscribed all over
the South.
Mr. DIXON. It seems to me that this is a
plain and palpable attempt to build up a press;
perhaps a partisan press—though I do not
know how that is—by the use of the public
funds. I only wish to say that I agree with
what has been said by the Senator from Maine
[Mr. Fessexden] in regard to it, and in my
judgment he will more benefit the party to
whiclfhe belongs by sentiments such as he has
expressed than'he would by the opposite.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Cnrbctt,
Drake, Edmunds, Harlan, Howard, Morgan, Morrill
of Maine,Morrill of Vermort, Nyo. Pomcrov, Ram-
sey, Ross, Stewart,Sumner,Tipton, Wade, Williams,
Wilson, and Yates—-22. .
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cameron, Davis, Dixon,
Fessendcn, Johnson, Norton. Patterson of Tennessee,
Thayer. Trumbull, and Willey—11.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell.Conness,.Cra-
gin, Doolittlo, Ferry, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, grimes,
Guthrie, Henderson, Hendricks, Howe, Morton, Pat-
terson of New Hampshire. Riddle, Saulsbury, Sher-
man, Sprague, and Van Winkle—20.
So the report was concurred in.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersos, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following Senate
bills and joint resolutions:
A bill (S. No. 28) to grant to the American
Atlantic Cable Telegraph Company, of New
York, the right of way and privilege to lay,
land, and operate a submarine telegraph cable
on the Atlantic coast of the United States,
and establish telegraphic communication be-
tween the United States and Europe, via the
Bermudas and Azores islands;
A ioint resolution (S. B. No. 24) relative to
the payment of the expenses incurred by the
judges of election for the cities of Washington
and Georgetown, District of Columbia;
A joint resolution (S. R., No, 43) ip relation
to the educational interests of the iPiistriot el
Columbia; and " • ., '
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 48) in relation
to the execution of surveys of rivers ordered
by Congress.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions; and they were signed
by the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 99) for the relief of Richard
Busteed, jr.;
A bill (S. No. 100) supplementary to an act
for the relief of Hiram Paulding, rear admiral
United States Navy;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 41) forthe pur-
chase of land adjoining the navy-yard at Brook- •
lyn, New York;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 89) in refer-
ence to the payment of the salaries of mem-
bers of Congress;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 37) to author-
ize the Secretary of War to build dredge-boats
for use at the mouth of the Mississippi river;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 41) providing
for the necessary surveys for a ship-canal around
the falls of the Ohio river for military, naval,
and commercial purposes;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 47) to amend
an act entitled "An act to provide increased
revenue from imported wool, and for other
purposesand
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 50) to furnish
transportation of provisions to the destitute in
the South.
iiou3k bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 105) to regulate the
selection of juries for the several courts of the
District of Columbia was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the
J udiciary.
order of business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Before the
report which has just been disposed of was
made, there was a questionpending before the
Senate, which was the motion of the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,], to postpone
all prior orders for the purpose of proceeding
to the consideration of the bill mentioned by
him. The question is now on that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now desire to report
from the Committee on the Judiciary House
bill No. 03, with an amendment, which I send
to the Chair.
Mr. NYE. With the permission of the
Senator from Illinois, I desire to call up House
resolution No. 51. 1 am sure it will not lead
to debate. , ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is not to be debated
I have no objection to allowing the bill whieh
I have reported to be laid aside informally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no ob-
jection be made, the joint resolution referred
to by the Senator from Nevada will be taken
up, and the bill before the Senate laid aside
informally. , ,
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to ask the Senate
to take up a resolution offered by me this morn-
ing. Objection was made to it at the time,
which I now understand willbe withdrawn. It
is a resolution of inquiry only.
- The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
another matter before the Senate.
Mr. ^PRAGUE. I desire to suggest a
question of order. I should like to know what
lias become of the joint resolution that was
under discussion prior to the introduction of
the report of the committee of conference 7
Several Senators. That was postponed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It was post-
poned to take up another bill, which is now
before the Senate. The Senator from Nevada
has asked that that bill be laid aside informally
for the purpose of taking up the joint resolu-
tion indicated by him.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to take up the
resolution of inquiry offered by me to which
objection was made at the time I offered it.
