'438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is not
now in order.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to know if one
objection will carry over the joint resolution
referred to by the Senator from Nevada? If
so, I wish to make objection.
Mr. NYE. I hope the Senator from Rhode
Island will not do that. Let me tell him that
the resolution I ask to take" up has already
been passed by the Senate three times without
a dissenting voice. The joint resolution of the
House is precisely what we have passed three
times except that it is eighty cents l«ss in the
amount.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I object to it.
Mr. CONNESS. I appeal to the Senator
from Rhode Island to allow it to be consid-
ered. It concerns citizens of my State.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Rhode Island object?
Mr. SPRAGUE. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
joint resolution cannot be taken up, and the
bill reported by the Senator from Illinois is
before the Senate.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire a vote on that
subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. 'What sub-
ject?
Mr. SPRAGUE. The subject suggested by
the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Rhode
Island probably was not paying attention. A
vote was taken some time since, and the meas-
ure in which he was interested was postponed
with a view of proceeding to the consideration
of the bill which I have just reported.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That bill
is before the Senate, and it will be read.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGUKSS.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the consent of my
friend from Illinois, and the general consent,
that this subject may bo laid aside informally
in order that I may move to take up the House
resolution relative to adjournment. .
Several Senators. That is privileged.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no ob-
jection bo ma&e, the Chair will entertain the
motion of the Senator from Vermont. The
Chair hears no objection. Will the Senator
state his motion?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to tako up the
resolution of the House of Representatives,
received yesterday, on the subject of adjourn-
ment.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution,
received yesterday from the House of Repre-
sentatives :
Remlvcd by the House of Iiepreeentativos, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That on Friday, the 29th instant, at
the hour of three o'clock p. m„ the President of tho
Senate pro tempore and the Speaker of tho House
of Representatives shall adjourn their respeotivo
Houses until Wednesday, the 5th day of June next,
at twelve o'clock meridian, when, unless a quorum
of both Houses bopresent, those offioers shall further
adjourn tho said Houses respectively until "Wednes-
day. the 4th day of September next, at twelve o'clock
meridian, when, unless a quorum of both Houses be
present, they shall further adjourn tho said Houses
respectively until the first Monday of December next.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
resolution by striking out all after the word
"that," and inserting:
The President of the Senate and the Speaker of
the House of Representatives are hereby directed to
adjourn their respective Houses on Saturday, March
80,1867, at twelve o'clock meridian, to the first Wed-
nesday of July, 1867, at noon; when the roll of each
House shall be immediately called, and immediately
thereafter the Presiding Officer of each House shall
cause tho Presiding Officer of tho other House to be
informed whether or not a quorum of its body has
appeared: and thereupon, if a quorum of the two
Houses respectively shall not have appeared upon
such call of the rolls, the President of tho Senate and
the Speaker of the House of Representatives shall
immediately adjourn their respective Houses with-
out day,
I will only make one word of explanation,
because the subject has been exhausted so far
as discussion goes, I suppose. This amend-
ment which I now offer is precisely "the same
thing as that which we agreed to yesterday,
with the addition that it provides against a
contingency which gentlemen of the House
feared might happen ; and that was, that any
one or two members under the other resolu-
tion might, by "filibustering," as it is called,
by debate, although a majority of both Houses
were present, carry the hour of adjournment
by before a vote could be taken "otherwise
ordering," and thereby compel an adjourn-
ment, although a quorum of both Houses were
present. Of course the other proposition
might possibly have been obnoxious to that
objection if any member of either House could
be supposed to be dishonorable enough to
resort to such a proceeding.
Now, I may state informally that on the mat-
ter of conference which has been held on that
proposition, we have been entirely unable to
agree; not as to the phraseology, but as to the
meritorious substance of the views of the two
Houses. I have some reason to suppose,strong
reason to hope, that this proposition that I now
offer, if presented to the House of Representa-
tives simply, will meet the approval of a major-
ity of that body; because there seems good rea-
son to suppose, if I may properly say so, that
but for this argument against the other propo-
sition, that it might offer an opportunity to fili-
buster, it would have been acceded to yesterday.
In order, therefore, to obviate that difficulty
and to give the House, before we adhere to our
other proposition, another opportunity to meet
the main proposition directly, I move this
amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move to amend the
House resolution by inserting in place of the
day and hour named '' the 80th instant, at three
p. m. also by striking out all after the word
"Houses" in the sixth line and inserting
"without day."
Mr. CONKLING. Is the effect of that to
provide simply for an adjournment sine die on
Saturday ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Yes, sir; that is my
proposition.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will inquire whether
that amendment is in order. My motion wa 
to strike out and insert. Now, I agree that on
a simple motion to strike out you may perfect
the proposition before it is stricken out; but
on motion to strike out and insert, which can-
not be divided, it seems to me a proposition to
amend the original resolution will not do,
because then there are two motions to amend
pending.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to ask the Senator
from Vermont -why he does not take the House
resolution that came to us yesterday and pass
that. ■ I understand that the House of Repre-
sentatives are committed on that. It seems to
me we might pass that.
Mr. TRUMBULL and Mr. FESSENDEN.
The hour named in it has passed.
Mr. WILSON. We can amend it as to the
hour.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If we are to amend it at
all let us amend it so aa to make it what we
think it ought to be.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is of opinion that the amendment offered by
the Senator from Pennsylvania is in order.
It is in order to perfect both branches of the
matter before a vote is taken on striking out
and inserting. The question now is on the
amendment offered by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania to the House resolution.
Mr. BUCKALEW called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 7, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, Dixon, Norton,
Patterson of Tennessee, Sprague, and Willey—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell, Cole,
Conklmg, Conness, Corbctt, Cragin, Drake, Edmunds,
Jjowler, Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Howard, Howe,
Johnson, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Nye, Pomeroy, Kamsey, Ross, Stewart,
Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson,
and Yates—32.
ABSENT —Messrs. Chandler, Doolittle, Ferry,
iessenden, Grimes, Guthrie, Henderson, Hendricks,
Patterson of !New Hampshire, Riddle, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Van Winkle, and Williams—14.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont-
Mr. DIXON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding the following proviso :
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be
so construed as to allow mileage for more than two
sessions of the Fortieth Congress.
Mr. DRAKE. I submit to the honorable
Senator from Connecticut that under the law
as it stands no mileage can be got, for mileage
is only payable at regular sessions of Congress.
Mr. DIXON. If tiiUt is the understand-
ing 
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no doubt of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is sug-
gested to me that this' amendment is out of
order. The resolution is a eoncurreut resolu-
tion. The amendment is legislation, and would
require the assent of the President. It is there-
fore not in order.
Mr. DIXON. I was about to withdraw it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Vermont.
Mr. SUMNER. I am against the amend-
ment on two grounds: first, that it proposes to
adjourn too soon; and secondly, that it super-
fluously and unnecessarily makes a new differ-
ence with the House of Representatives. I say
in the first place it proposes to adjourn too
soon. It proposes to adjourn to-morrow at
twelve o'clock. The business of the country
will suffer if Congress adjourns to-morrow at
twelve o'clock. Here we are now in currents
of business that remind you of the last days of
regular sessions or of the rapids that precede a
cataract. Senators are struggling for the floor,
and some of them perhaps are not always
amiable because they do not obtain it. We
ought, it seems to me, to give time for all this
important business, so that there should be no
such struggle.
I have before me a Senate bill numbered one
hundred and fifteen, showing one hundred and
fifteen bills now on your table from the Senate
alone, of which only a small portion have been
considered; and on looking at the House bills
I find one of their late bills numbered one hun-
dred and two, showing that very large number,
of which you have considered thus far only a
very small proportion. Now, I do not ask your
attention to these numerous bills in detail, but
unquestionably among them there are many of
great importance. There are two especially
to which I have already referred, and to which
I mean to call your attention to the very last
momer.t you sit as a Congress, unless they shall
be act«l on. I mean, in the first place, the
bill providing for a change in the time of elect-
ing a mayor and other officers in the city of
Washington, I submit that Congress ought not
to go home leaving this question unsettled.
You have bestowed the suffrage upon the col-
ored people here, and they are about to exer-
cise it in choosing aldermen and a common
council; but those aldermen and common coun-
cilmen will find themselves presided over by a
mayor chosen by a different constituency and
hostile to them in sentiment, one possessing
sometimes the veto power, at any rate pos-
sessing a very considerable influence, which he
will naturally exercise against this new city
government. Will you leave Washington sub-
ject to such discord? Will you consent that
the votes of the colored people shall be thus
neutralized the very first time that they are
called into exercise? I hope Congress will not
adjourn until this important bill is acted upon.
It is very simple; it need not excite discussion ;
it is practical. Let it be read at the table, and
every Senator will understand it and will be
ready to vote upon it without argument. Thus
far I have not been able to get it before the
Senate, though I have tried day by day. I
have not yet been able to have it read.
That is one bill which ought to be consid-
ered There is another bill of wider reach,
of immense importance. It is one to which
I have already mose than once called attcu -
tion. It is a bill to enforce the several pro-
