1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
439
visions of the Constitution abolishing slavery,
declaring, the immunities of citizens, and guar-
antying a republican form of government by
securing the elective franchise to colsred citi-
zens. Here is a bill that proposes to give the
elective franchise without distinction of color,
in pursuance of solemn provisions of the Con-
stitution of the United States. By the exer-
cisc of this power Congress will settle this
great question throughout the whole country.
Think of it, Senators! See what good you
nmy accomplish by one vote before you return
to your homes I Here is the neighboring
State of Maryland. I presume there is hardly
a Senator who has not letters and papers every
day with reference to the condition of things
in that State. I have here a letter from a good
Republican of Baltimore, very short, which 1
will read.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is his name?
~ Mr. SUMMER. I will show the letter to the
Senator; but I would rather not give the name.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not want to see it
unless I can use it.
Mr. SUMNER. It is a good letter, I will
say to my friend, an excellent letter, and I
hope my friend will agree with it:
"The loyal men of our State oarnestly protest
against an adjournment of Congress until we have
been fully protected and a republican form of gov-
ernment guarantied us which we do not now enjoy.
Our people are now almost disheartened. Dp not
hesitate at this time as to what course you should
pursue in this matter."
Then there was laid upon the table of the
other House by the Speaker, only yesterday, a
series of resolutions of an important conven-
tion held in Baltimore, in which, among others,
it is resolved as follows:
"That we call upon Congress to protect the loyal
majority of the people of Maryland, both white and
colored, in defeating the scheme of the revolutionists
in the Legislature, and to aid us in forming and to
guaranty to us by acts of Congress a republican btate
government on tho basis of impartial manhood suf-
frage."
You have had also an elaborate memorial
presented to Congress, in which the case of
Maryland is fully set forth. It comes from the
loyal citizens of that State, in which they say :
"The State of Maryland has at present a colored
population of at least two hundred thousand, and, by
immigrationsinee the war, perhaps two hundred and
fifty thousand, making a voting population ot irom
forty to fifty thousand. In most of the counties whose
representation has been thus illegally increased the
colored population is equal to or greater than tne
white."
The illegality referred to there was by giving
suffrage to returned rebels.
"The House of Representatives of theUnitedStates
has already passed aresolution inquiring whether the
present constitution of this State is now republican,
and since the colored man is now a citizen it may
well be doubted whether a State which excludes (or
no crime one fourth of its whole population who are
citizens is republican. . i,™™-
" This General Assemblyhas inaugurated, however,
a movement which, from tho illegal representation
made in the bill itself, actually now; accomplishes not
only the exclusion of this population from suffrage,
but also gives the disloyal population a representa-
tion for them." . .
Thus, as I understand it, the case now is in
Maryland: return ed rebels are allowed to vote;
they are enfranchised; and colored citizens,
thirty or forty thousand in number, are disfran-
chised. This memorial proceeds:
"Thedangerof bloodshed is imminent ; the time is
oerilous. We call on Congress notto adjourn before
settling this grave matter, which, it n01 settled, may
startle them in their recess by something worse than
the massacre of New Orleans, although not so une-
qual and one-sided. Wo oarnestly ask on the part
of the majority of the people of Maryland, deprived
of legal voice, except through us, a minority of the
General Assembly, that Congress will guaranty to
us a republican formof government, on the only basis
of right truth, and peace, impartial suffrage, without
respect to race and color, as it has already guaran-
tied it to the southern Statea.
Now sir, there is one simple remedy for
this anomalous condition of things; m Mary-
land ■ it is to give suffrage to all, without dis-
tinction of color or race, by act of Congress
Let Congress, under the different provisions of
the Constitution, settle the question Theie are
111) OCuHv wv ^ f
three different provisions at least in which yon
may find ample power; and^ I challenge any
Senator to question the power in debate. J. here
is the clause of the Constitution abolishing
slavery, which gives to Congress power to en-
force the abolition by appropriate legislation.
You have already under that clause proceeded
to confer civil rights. I haveagain and again
argued, and I now argue and insist, that under
that same clause you have equal power to con-
fer political rights. If you cannot confer politi-
cal rights, then yon were wrong in conferring
civil rights. The only question is whether in
enforcing the abolition of slavery you regard
political rights as essential. If in your opin-
ion they are essential to the abolition of slavery,
then under ^acknowledged principles of juris-
prudence, under decisions of the Supreme
Court of the United States pronounced by
Chief Justice Marshall, you have the unques-
tioned power. Having the power, I submit
that you ought not to hesitate to exercise it;
you ought not to allow a neighboring State to
be precipitated to bloodshed if by any possi-
bility you may save it.
You have then, sir, another clause of the
Constitution which has lately found a place
there by the votes of three fourths of the loyal
States, by which it is declared that " no State
shall make or enforce any law which shall
abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens
of the United States;" and by this same amend-
ment Congress is empowered to enforce this
provision by appropriate legislation. You have
done nothing as yet under that clause. I
entreat you not to delay now the exercise of
this newly-given power; see to it that there is
no law in any State that shall abridge the privi-
leges or immunities of any citizens of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I rise to a
question of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore-. The Sen-
ator from California will state his point of order.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to submit to the
Chair that the Senator from Massachusetts is
not in order, in that he is making a speech which
he has made many times already before to this
body, and in that the speech consists of a dis-
cussion not relating to the question now pend-
ing in this body, which is a question of ad-
journment. I submit the matter to the Chair
and ask for a decision.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator from Massachu-
setts will allow me to make an inquiry of him
in regard to his intention 
Mr. CONNESS. I object to that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion of order must be determined by the Chair.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator from Con-
necticut did not hear me. I rise to a question
of order. _
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I believe
no Senator has ever been called to order in the
Senate far the irrelevancy of the matter lie was
arguing to the subject under consideration.
He must be left to his own discretion, and must
treat it in his own way. Ou this occasion I
do not see that the Senator's remarks are not
pertinent. I understand him to be endeavor-
ing to give reasons why we should not adjourn
at the time mentioned in tho resolution, on
account of the press of other business, as he
argues. It seems to me to be germane.
Mr. SUMNER. I think there can be no
question. If any Senator had done me the
honor to listen to what I said, I am sure
ordinary intelligence he couM not have ra'sed
any question. I am endeavoring to show that
we ought not now to adjourn and go home;
and iu order to press that upon your minds I
am trying to develop to you the necessity of
i important legislation with reference to a neigh-
! boring State; and, sir, not merely with refer-
ence to Maryland, but with reference to all the
States of the Union which have down to this
time refused to recognize the equal rights of
ill persons at the ballot-box. I insist that
before we go home that great question ought
to be settled by a solemn act °f CongreM.
Am I not in order, sir, when I try to hold that
duty before you at this moment and say you
should not vacate your seats to hurry away to
distant places and to happy homes, but rather
stay here until this great duty is, done? Sir, I
am not in the habit of traveling out of the
record ; I always speak directly to the point,
and I mean now to speak directly to the point.
In enforcing what I think is now our duty I
called your attention to a bill now on your
table, and thinking that there might be some
objection to it on grounds of constitutional
law, I was very briefly calling attention to
those clagses of the Constitution on which
this bill stands. I was not arguing them; I do
not mean to argue them ; I was merely stating
them. I had already stated two when I was
interrupted; now I proceed t® state still a
third. By the Constitution of the United
States it is our duty to guaranty to the States
a republican form of government. Now, I
submit that laws or constitutions which deny
to any people the elective franchise on ac-
count of race or color are not republican, and
they are in bare-faced violation of a funda-
mental principle of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence. A Government cannot be repub-
lican in form which sanctions inequality of
rights. The first great definition of a Republic,
one whjch our country has given to mankind,
and which will hereafter be a day-star of
human rights, is that all men are born equal.
That was announced by our fathers at our
birth as a nation, and now at last, through a
perilous history, we have struggled to its prac-
tical adoption. It only remains that Congress
should go still further, and by but one further
act settle the question forever throughout all
the States, not only at the South, but at tho
North.
I have alluded to the condition of things^ in
Maryland. I might also allude to a similar
condition in Delaware ; and there are other
States where such an act as this would be benefi-
cent. There is Pennsylvania, with twenty-
five thousand colored citizens standing ready
to receive the ballot from your hands. There
is Ohio, if my friend [Mr. Sherman] will par-
don me for an allusion to his honored State,
with, I do not know how many—with a large
number of colored citizens ready to receive the
ballot by act of Congress. I hope that Con-
gress will be willing to confer it, and to that end
that it will not vote to adjourn until this im-
portant question is settled. Settle it now and
you settle it forever; you take it out of all
local elections, local questions, local troubles;
you give peace and tranquillity and harmony
to this whole Republic, and you place those
political friends with whom you are immedi-
ately associated on a foundation of adamant.
Your elections the coming autumn will be one
constant triumph ; you will have on your side
a new-found support, an ally grateful for the
trust that you have given to them. I ask you,
sir, do not postpone this great question; wel-
come it-, endow these fellow-citizens with this
right which is theirs, and trust to them for a
generous and grateful support.
Mr. WILSON. I move to strike out all
after the word "that,1 in the first line of tho
House resolution down to the word until,
and insert "on Wednesday, the 10th day of
April next, at the hour of three o clock p. m.
Mr. SUMNER. That is right.
Mr. WILSON. I de not wish to take up
time, but I wish to say that I think that we
have been trifling here for a week past. We
have been voting, and I have followed tho lead
of Senators all around in doing it, to adjourn
immediately and leave all our duties undone;
but to be sure to get up a meeting in the sum-
mer, at which all of us believe there will be
no quorum present, throwing the whole busi-
ness of Congress over to the next session. 1
am tired of giving that kind of vote, and I do
not intend to do it any longer. I am satisfied
on that point. I think it of no great account
about meeting in the summer. _ I should like
very well to have power to meet, if we choose to
do so, and think it would have a salutary effect.
But w^have now two important bills in tho
hands of the Executive unsigned. One of them
