440
TH® CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
concerns the preservation of the peace in Ten-
nessee. I want that signed or vetoed, before
we go away. Then there is a joint ^solution,
which came to ns from the House of Repre-
sentatives, and was carried through the Senate
last week under the lead of the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] in regard to the com-
missions which are sitting in certain States
to value slaves that entered the service. 'That
resolution has not yet been signed or vetoed.
Under these circumstances I propose to no-
tify the House of Representatives, which seems
to be so anxious to get away, and yet is not
satisfied with anything that is done on the sub-
ject, that we want to stay here, that we want
to take up and pass a bill in regard to suffrage
throughout the country. I want them to under-
stand that they must send for and call back
the members who have gone away, and that
we intend to stay here for ten days to come to
pass such a measure as that; and then, if it is
necessary to adjourn for a few days in order to
wait for the signature or the veto of the Execu-
tive, I am in favor of taking the time. But
this running away from duty, this hurrying off
home, and then this difficulty about fixing a
time of meeting, 1 have got tired of. It is
trifling with the country, and I do not intend
to vote any more for such measures; but I
want to stay here ten or twelve days longer to
give us time to take up the question of suffrage
in the country and to put through the measure
for that object.
Mr. DIXON. I should like to have one
thing distinctly understood, and I believe it is
now understood. The question I intended to
propound to the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Scmkbr] he answered of his
own free will without any interrogatory from
me. I intended to inquire of that Senator
whether he expected his law to apply to the
northern States, and among others to the State
of Connecticut.
Mr. SUMNER. To Connecticut? Certainly.
Connecticut needs it.
Mr. DIXON. And I now understand the
other Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wil-
son',] who sometimes is called more practical
than the senior Senator, if I may so call him,
(although I must say I do not consider him
more practical, if you may judge from the re-
sults of his measures,) both those Senators, I
understand, unite in the assertion that Congress
has power, and that they intend that Congress
shall exercise the power, to enforce on the State
of Connecticut, among other States, universal
suffrage. That, I understand, both Senators
to avow.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator
that under the new constitutional amendment
I have not the shadow of a doubt that we have
the right to exercise that power, and I intend
to vote for it whenever I can.
Mr. DIXON. I did not rise for the purpose
of discussing the question ; I do not intend to
take up the time of the Senate with a single
minute of discussion on this occasion ; but. I
merely wished to call the attention of the
country and the Senate, and paiticularly of
my own State, to this proposition. There was
a time when such a proposition would have
shockcd this country, would have shocked the
State of Connecticut, and perhaps the State of
Massachusetts; but that time has passed. lean
toll those Senators that if any such thing is
attempted in Connecticut it will be resisted;
not by force, but by every legal mode. I wish
it, could be brought to the attention of the peo-
ple of the State of Connecticut at this moment.
It is a serious matter. This is no impotent
threat; it is a determination which will per-
haps be followed up. If that State is to have
the question of suffrage settled for her by the
people of Massachusetts and by the people of
other States, I desire that it shall be known,
and I intend that it shaM be known.
ifr. JOHNSON. I do not rise to debate
any of the questions stated by the honorable
member from Massachusetts, [Mr. Stoker.]
It would take sometime to discuss them if they
were new, and if I did discuss them I should,
perhaps, play into what but further seems to be
the purpose of the honorable^ member, to con-
tinue the session beyond the time when it is evi-
dent that a majority of the Senate desires it to
doss.
But I have heard him more than once tell
the Senate that the government of Maryland
now is not republican in the sense of the Con-
stitution. I have said nothing on the subject
heretofore, because I was willing to leave it to
the judgment of the Senate; but the honorable
member's frequent statements will go abroad,
and they are apparently supported by the vouch-
ers to which he has referred; and I rise simply
to say that if there is a State of the Union that
hijs been republican from the commencement
of its existence to the present time it is the
State which I have the honor to represent. So
far as its present constitution is concerned the
honorable member perhaps is not aware that
most of those who are now assailing the gov-
ernment of Maryland, upon the ground that it
is notrepublican, took a part before the people
in the Steps which led to the formation of that
constitution, and afterward a part in framing
the constitution itself under which the people
of that State now live. The whole design, as
I am forced to think, of those who are now
aspersing the State, few in number compara-
tively, is not for the purpose of having thrown
over them the protection of a republican form
of government, but to get the offices of which
they are now deprived.
I forbear to speak of any of them person-
ally. Some of them, however, I may say—
and I say it upon my honor as a gentleman—
were in the beginning of our troubles avowed
and bitter secessionists, expressed a desire and
a determination to prevent the troops of the
North from coming to the capital for its de-
fense ; and another determination, that if the
South succeeded in its effort to establish a
separate government, it was the interest and
the duty of Maryland to become a part of that
other government. But now, because they are
out of power, they have, as I think, the mad-
ness to assail the government which has pro-
tected them as anti-republican, with no other
view, in my judgment, than to bring them-
selves into power; numbering in comparison
with those who are now the supporters of the
State government not one in ten.
I take this occasion also to say that he, who-
ever he may be, who assails the people sus-
taining the goverment of Maryland, who now
constitute so large a majority of her citizens,
upon the ground that they would offerviolence
to any human being within her limits, utters a
base slander. There is no State in the Union
where private rights, rights of person and rights
of property, are more amply protected. There
is no judiciary in the land whose duties are
more honestly and impartially administered.
I say this only to guard against the impression
which the learned member may have created
in the public mind out of the State, that there
is a condition of things existing in Maryland
not only anti-republican, but full of danger to
the life and property of those who are not a
part of the majority of her people.
When the time comes, if the time shall
come, when it may be proposed to take her
under the absolute charge of the Government,
to convert her into a territory, and to extend
the military power over her to that end, I
hope to be heard, and I will be heard, unless
in the mean time the honorable member from
Massachusetts shall esteem it his duty to move
to have me expelled from this Chamber upon
the ground that the State which I am claiming
to represent is not a republican State, and
shall succeed in that motion.
Mr. DRAKE. This discussion has taken a
range that certainly was not anticipated when
the proposition was first brought before the
Senate. I desire, if it be in order, in reply to
the remarks of the honorable Senator from
Maryland, to read two or three paragraphs from
a speech made yesterday in the House of Rep*
resentatives by a distinguished Representative
in that body from the State of Maryland.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know that tha?
is in order, but I have no objection if the Sen-
ate have none.
Mr. BRAKE. It will take but a moment,
and with the permission of the Senate I will
read 
Mr JOHNSON. It may compel me to reply,
and I am unwilling to comment ou the conduct
of any member of the House of Representatives.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. X suppose
the Senator from Missouri has a right to read
the remarks referred to as a part of his argu-
ment.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish, as this discus-
sion, although exceedingly interesting, has no
possible reference to the matter under consid-
eration, that wo may be allowed to take the
vote on the question, so that the resolution
may go back to the House of Representatives,
and then I shall have no objection to the dis-
cussion going on."
Mr. FESSENDEN. We might meet this
evening for the purpose of hearing the speeches.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to enforce
a rule that every man who speaks should be
compelled to stay here until every one else had
got through. [Laughter.]
Mr. DRAKE. 1 understand the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts to say that there
is a bill pending here which has reference to
the state of things in the State of Maryland.
Mr. SUMNER. A general bill giving suf-
frage to all without distinction.
Mr. DRAKE. And in the course of the dis-
cussion on that subject as a reason for our not
adjourning, the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts made some remarks with regard to
the State of Maryland and the condition of
things there in reference to the right of suf-
frage. The honorable Senator from Maryland
replies to the remarks of the honorable Sena-
tor from Massachusetts and indignantly repels
the charge that there is not a republican form
of government in the State of Maryland. Now.
sir, I have a word to say on that subject, and
as it has been better said by a very distinguished
gentleman from Maryland than I could say it,
I will for two or three minutes trespass upon
the time of the Senate to read what that honored
Representative from that State said yesterday
in the Hall of the House of Representatives as
a part of my argument in this case. He said:
"I utterly deny here—I have denied it for thirty
years of my life—that there is a republican govern-
ment in Maryland. This tyranny and oppression n©
free people ought to submit to.
" Let me speak of these inequalities a little in de-
tail. There are one hundred and fifty thousand, I
suppose —I speak in round numbers, for I speak
without premeditation or research-—there are about
one hundred and fifty thousand free white inhabit-
ants located in these fifteen counties of Maryland
whore settlements were first made, while thero are
in other parts of the State five hundred thousand.
These counties with one hundred and fifty thojis.ind
free white inhabitants have fifteen members of the
Senate of Maryland out of twenty four, nearly two
thirds of that body. No law can be pn-sscd by tha&
body without the consent of this one fifth. No law
can be repealed without the consent of this one fifth
part of Maryland." *******
"Under such a government the majority cannot
rule in any of its departments. No matter how fixed,
calm, deliberate, and unalterable may be that will
of the majority, it can neither prevail in the legisla-
tive, executive, nor judicial departments of the-gov-
ernment. Is such a government to be deemed re-
publican in this age ? Can gentlomen who surround
me, and whose thoughts can go back to the character
of their own State institutions, and compare them
with the institutions as I have thus rapidly sfeetcbod,
and tell mc they are republican iu form?"
The honorable Senator from Maryland haa
repelled with somewhat of indignation the
charge that that State has not r> republican
form of government. With all rcspeet to thai
distinguished gentleman, I take it that if these
facts stated by a Representative an the floor '
of the other House yesterday be true, there is
not a republican form of government in Mary-
land.
Mr. CONNESS. If the resolution concern-
ing adjournment is still before the Senate I
sheuld like very rtracli to have the Senate' come
