1867,
THE OONG-KESSIQNAL GLOBE.
m-
to a vote upon it. I ask the Chair what is the'
question pending?
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. CONNESS. Concerning the resolution
of adjournment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask forthe yeasand nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays Were not ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the amendment be read
again.
The Secretary. It is proposed in the sec-
ond line of the House resolution to strike o.ut
the words "Friday, the 29th instant, at three
o'clock, p. m." and insert "Wednesday, the
10th of April next, at the hour of three p. in."
The question being put, a division was called
for.
Mr. SUMNER asked for the yeas and nays.
The' yeas were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 13, nays '28 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Drake, Harlan, Howard, Howe,
Morton,Nye. Pomeroy, Ross, Sumner, Thayer,Wade,
Wilson and Yates—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cattell, Cole,
Conkiing, Conness, Corbett, Cragin, Davis, l)ixon,
Edmunds. Fessenden, Frelinshuysen, Henderson,
Johnson, Morsran, Morrill of Vermont, Norton, Pat-
terson of Tennessee, Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague,
Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willcy, and
Williams—'28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Doolittle,
Ferry, Fowler, Grimes, Guthrie, Hcndricks, Morrill
of Maine, Patterson of New Hampshire, Riddle, and
Saulsbury—12.
So the amendment was rejected.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Vermont, on which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the question is
taken on that, I desire to move to amend the
House resolution by striking out " Friday the
29th," and inserting "Saturday, the 30th."
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to move still another
amendment to the proposition of the Senator
from Vermont.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. One at a
time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw my amend-
ment for the present; I can offer it afterward
in case the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont is voted down.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 now move to amend the
amendment by inserting "five o'clock Satur-
day afternoon" instead of "twelve o'clock
noon," so that we shall have five hours more
for work. ["Oh, no."] To accommodate Sen-
ators, I will say four o'clock Saturday after-
noon.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend from
Massachusetts if that being done he will vote
for the proposition?
Mr. SUMNER. No; I shall not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I hope it will not
be done.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew. Cole, Conk-
ling, Conness. Corbott, Cragin, Dixon, Edmunds, Fes-
eenden, JFrelinghuysen, Henderson, Howe. Johnson,
Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont. Mor-
ton, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee, Ramsey, Sher-
man. Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey,
and Williams—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Drake, Harlan, Howard, Nye,
Pomeroy, Ross, Spraecue, Sumner, Thayer, Wade,
Wilson, and Yates—12.
ABSENT —Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Chandler,
Davis, Doolittle, Ferry, Fowler, Grimes, Guthrie,
Hendricks, Patterson of New Hampshire, Riddle,
and Saulsbury—13.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
bill introduced.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 57) relative to lighting
the streets of Washington city, District of Co-
lombia ; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask that the joint resolu-
tion Ire upon the table for the present. I shall
eall it*up hereafter.
executive session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
mentioned by the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Trumbull] is now before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration^ executive.busi-
ness. ,
Mr. NYE. I hope not. I ask the Senator
from Ohio if he will not allow me to call up
House joint resolution No, 51. It will not take
a minute.
Mr. SHERMAN. Senators all around me
have resolutions that they wish to have con-
sidered, and we must go into executive session.
Mr. NYE. This will not take a moment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempori. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Ohio.
The motion was agreed to; there being on
a division—ayes 22, noes 14.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Ser-
geant-at-Arms will clear the galleries and close
the doors.
Mr. N YE. While the doors are being closed,
I ask the Senate to take up House joint reso-
lution No. 51. I know there will be no vote
against it. A similar resolution has already
passed the Senate two or three times. It will
not take a moment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know what it is.
The Secretary. A joint resolution (H. R.
No. 51) relative to the iron-clad monitor Co-
manche.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to its present consideration?
Mr. FESSENDBN. Let it be read in full
for information, su that we may know whether
to object or not.
Mr. CONNESS. It is the same resolution
that has passed here twice unanimously.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Letitboread atlength.
The Secretary read the joint resolution. It
appropriates for the purpose of paying Dona-
hue, Ryan & Seeor for losses sustained by
them in the construction of the monitor Co-
manche the sum of 5179,000, and directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay them that
sum.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution is before the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to know how
that came before the Senate?
Mr. SHERMAN. We are now in executive
session, and I feci compelled to object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The doors
are not yet closed.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the consent of the
Senate to allow me to have passed a resolution
of inquiry.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. _ Nothing
further can be done. We are now in execu-
tive session.
After some time spent in the consideration
of executive business, the doors were reopened.
message ntom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the report of
the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 83)
making appropriations to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for contingent expenses
of the Senate of the United States for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 18G7.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a resolution for an adjournment of
the two Houses at three o'clock on Saturday,
March 30, to the first Wednesday of July, each
House then to meet for five successive days,
and if a quorum of both Houses should not
then appear, to adjourn without day.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions, sad they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore:
■A bill (.Sc No. 28). to grant to the Ameri-
can Atlantic Cable Telegraph Company, ©f
New York, the right of way and privilege to
lay, land, and operate a submarine telegraph
cable on the Atlantic coast of the United
States, and establish telegraphic communica-
tion between the United States and Europe
via the Bermudas and Azores islands.
A bill (S. JNo. 83) making appropriations
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
contingent expenses of the Senate of the United
States lbr the fiscal year ending June 30,1867;
• A bill (S. No. 105) to reimburse the -States
of Indiana and Ohio for moneys expended for
the United States in enrolling, equipping, and
provisioning military forces to aid in suppress-
ing the rebellion;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 21) in refer-
ence to the collection and payment of moneys
due colored soldiers, Bailors, and marines, or
their heirs; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 48) in relation
to the educational interests of the District of
Columbia.
hour m meeting.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourn to-day it ■
bo to meet at ten o'clock a. m. to-morrow.
monitor comanche.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, the joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 51) relative to the iron-clad
monitor Comanche was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. CONNESS. I will state that this reso-
lution has been already passed several times
by the Senate ; it has undergone the investiga-
tion of the Committee on Naval Affairs and
received the approval of the chairman of that
committee, [Mr. Grimes.]
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate and ordered to a third reading.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to inquire whether
this is the same bill that has been reported
from the Committee on Naval Affairs and
passed here two or three times?
Mr. CONNESS. Precisely the sama, only
the sum is eighty cents less. In' all other re-
spects it is precisely the same.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is exactly what we
passed before unanimously.
The joint resolution was read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move to take up the
joint resolution in reference to surveys of the
Mississippi river, which was under considera-
tion this morning.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business-
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to adjourn takes precedence.
The question being put, the motion was
agreed to, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 2<J, 1867.
The House metattwelveo'clock m. Prayer
by ihe Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntox.
absence of the speaker.
The SPEAKER. Previous to the reading
of the Journal the Chair will state that he will
be compelled to be absent for the most of this
day on account, of the dangerous illness of a
member of his family, and under the rule au-
thorizing him to designate a'member to preside
temporarily during the day he will appoint Mr.
Bokiwell, of Massachusetts. He will return
to the House during tke day to sign enrolled
bills.
The Journal of yesterday was then read and
approved.
ohio and indiana war claims.
The SPEAKER pro tempore stated that the
first business in order was on ordering the en-
grossment and third reading of the bill of the
