1867.
 $
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the clerk of the levy court of Washington
county, and the register of the city of Wash-
ington, on the 1st day of February every year,
put into a box some five hundred and twenty
names, selected by themselves. From this box
of names the clerk of the supreme court of the
District is first to take out twenty-three names
of persons to serve as grand jurors for the
March term of the criminal court, and twenty-
six other names for the petit jury for that term,
also for the next ensuing term of the circuit
court for trials at nisi prius twenty-six more
names. And so, just before the commence-
ment of each term of the criminal or civil
term, the same proceeding is had of drawing
from this box. It sometimes happens that
owing to a great many capital cases, in which
twenty peremptory challenges are allowed,
this box becomes exhausted, and in the latter
terms of the court there can be 110 juries had.
A year ago the criminal court had to adjourn
from time to time through the entire month of
December till a bill to provide relief could be
passed through Congress. Thepresent bill so
changes the law as to give to thejudgesof elec-
tion, who are presumed to be better acquainted
with all the people, the power of selecting the
names from which the jurors are to be drawn,
and allows the court to prescribe such rules as
will have all portions of the District of Colum-
bia represented in the juries, and also to avoid
the necessity of resorting to special legislation
to get a jury when the box should have become
exhausted.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call the previous
question on the engrossment and third read-
ing of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by -which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
On the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed, without amendment, House joint res-
olution No. 50, to furnish transportation of
provisions to the destitute in the South.
The message further announced that the
Senate had insisted upon its amendment to
the amendment of the House to the amend-
ment of the Senate to the House concurrent
resolution in relation to the adjournment of
Congress, and had agreed to the committee
of conference asked by the House on the disa-
greeing votes of the two Houses thereon; and
had appointed Mr. Edmunds, Mr. Fessexden,
and Mr. Howard the conferees on the part 01
the Senate.
calyin ely.
Mr. ELDRIDGE presented a memorial of
the Legislature of Wisconsin, asking Congress
to grant a pension to Calvin Ely, a blind man,
of Dodge county, Wisconsin, on account of
the military services and death of his only son,
Lieutenant Colonel John H. Ely, of the tenth
regiment Wisconsin volunteer infantry; which
was ordered to be printed, and to be referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions when
appointed.
michael fisher.
and obtained leave for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the papers in the case
of Mrs. Eliza Fitch
Mr PILE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Michael Fisher,
of St. Louis, Missouri; which was read a first
and second time, and ordered to be referred to
the Committee of Claims when appointed.
mlts. eliza fit«1.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, asked
pueblo of santa ana, new mexico.
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the
House a communication from the Secretaryof
the Interior, transmitting, in compliance with
the act of July 22, 1854, certain papers rela-
tive to the pueblo of Santa Ana, in New
Mexico; which was ordered to be printed, and
to be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands when appointed. ,
business on speaker's table.
Mr. GARFIELD moved that the rules be
suspended, in order that the House may pro-
ceed to the consideration of business upon the
Speaker's table.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 25, noes 26; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Coox and
Mr. Hoi,man were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 08, noes 16.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended, and the House
accordingly proceeded to the consideration of
business on the Speaker's table.
education in the district.
The first business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 43, in relation
to the educational interests of the District of
Columbia; which was read a first and second
time.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
directs the Commissioner of Education to as-
certain the number of children resident in the
District of Columbia over tha age of six years
and under the age of eighteen years, the num-
ber of deaf, blind, and dumb, the number and
character of public school-houses, number of
teachers, number of pupils in attendance, num-
ber and character of school libraries, character
of text-books used, average period per annum
each pupil is taught and cost of tuition, with
incidental expenses of select schools, and to
report the same to Congress at its next session,
with his opinion of the relative efficiency of
the system now in force in the District of Co-
lumbia, and whether any further legislation is
necessary to secure the advantages of said sys-
tem to all the said children.
Mr. WELKER. I call the previous ques-
tion on the third reading of this joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was read the
third time. . .
Mr. WELKER. I call the previous question
on the passage of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
payments due colored soldiers, i5tc.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate joint resolution No. 21, in reference
to the collection and payment of_moneys due
colored soldiers, sailors, and marines, or their
heirs; which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution, which was read at length,
provides in the first section that all checks ana
Treasury certificates to be issued mthe settle-
ment of claims for pay, bounty, prize money,
or other moneys due to colored soldiers, sailors,
or marines, or their legal representatives, now
residing, or who may have resided, in any State
in which slavery existed m the year 1800, the
claim for which has been or may be prosecuted
by an agent or attorney, shall be made payable
to the Commissioner of the Freedmen s Bureau,
paid to any person except the claimant or Iiis
or her legal representatives, if deceased; not
is any power of attorney, transfer, or assign-
ment of the "amount of said claims, or any. part
thereof, to berecognized or allowed by the Com-
missioner, or by any officer or agent/ acting
under him ; and itis to be the duty of'th© Com-
missioner, the officers, and agents of the Frecd-
men's Bureau to facilitate as far as possible th e
discovery, identification, and payment of the
claimants.
The second section provides that the Com-
missioner of the Freedmen's Bureau shall be
held responsible for the safe custody and faith-
ful disbursement of the funds intrusted to him.
In settling with the attorney or agent of the
claimant strict compliance with the scale of
fees prescribed by the second section of a joint
resolution approved June 26, 1866, entitled
"Joint resolution amendatory of a joint res-
olution respecting bounties to colored soldiers
and the pensions, bounties, and allowances to
their heirs," approved June 15, 1866, is in
every case to be required and enforced ; and
if any attorney or agent shall, in addition to
the notarial fees and expenses of collecting
such claim, demand repayment for money
loaned or advanced to any claimant, he is to
be required to make oath to the date and
amount of such loan or advance, or payment
of the fees and expenses is to be withheld;
and when the claimant shall have been prop-
erly identified, and his account is-feady for set-
tlement, the balance due is to bo paid in cur-
rent funds, and not in checks or drafts.
The third section provides that all moneys
held or disbursed under the provisions of this
resolution shall be held and disbursed under
the laws and rules and regulations covering
other disbursing officers of the Army.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask that this bill be
laid over informally, as a number of the mem-
bers of the committee to which it appropriately
belongs are not now present.
Mr. CIIANLER. I make the point of order
who shall" pay thTagent or attorney his lawful
fees and expenses, and shall hold the balance
subject to the order of the claimants on satis-
factory identificatisn. But no money is to be
that the bill contains an appropriation and must
under the rules go to the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. GARFIELD. I believe there is no
appropriation in the bill. . ,
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
of opinion that there is 110 appropriation in the
bill, and overrules the point of order.
Mr. CHANLER. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. GARFIELD. I trust that the bill will
be passed over for the present informally.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. GARFIELD. The committee is not yet
appointed.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I mean when appointed;
for there is no reason why the bill should be
passed at this time. It contains some provis-
ions which ought certainly to be considered by
a committee of this House-
Mr. CHANLER. I accept the suggestion
of the gentleman from Indiana, and modifying
my original motion move that, the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs
when appointed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call the previous ques-
tion on the motion to refer. ,
The SPEAKER pro •tempore. The Chair
understands the gentleman from Indiana as
objecting to the request of the gentleman trom
Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] which requires unani-
mous consent, that the bill be laid aside mfoi-
mally. 1.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I think there can be no
objection to this bill.
Mr HOLMAN. I suppose there are quito
a number of objections to it. Its provisions
have scarcely been distinctly heard amid the
confusion prevailing at the present time, when,
in view of our speedy adjournment, members
are preparing to leave the capital, rather than
attending to the ordinary performance of legis-
lative business. The bill contains some pro-
visions which I think ought to be considered
hy some appropriate committee.
