AJlA.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
How far Congress is justifiable in imposing
restrictions upon the class of people referred
to in the resolution may be a question of con-
siderable moment. The resolutton proposes
to take all the pay and' bounty due to this class
of soldiers and place it under the control of the
Freedmen's Bureau. The manner in which
the power conferred is to be exercised is not
clearly defined. The resolution provides vir-
tually for the annulment of all contracts which
these freedmen have made with reference to
the collection of their pay and bounty. The
•exact manner in-which, these contracts are to
be carried out may become a matter of some
moment. I trust that a measure of so much
importance, and in reference to which there
exists no imperative necessity for action at this
time, will be referred, so that it may be acted
upon intelligently.
Mr. GARFIELD. This resolution, as I un-
derstand it, proposes simply to authorize the
Commissioner of the Freedmen's Bureau to
take charge of the collection and payment of
the pay and bounties due colored soldiers and
sailors. Instead of allowing them to be swin-
dled by claim agents, or to take their chances
among the lawyers of the country, the bill
directs the Commissioner of the Freedmen's
Bureau to take in charge the payment of the
county due to colored soldiers and sailors. It
directs the business shall be done under the
Commissioner of the Freedmen's Bureau. It
seems to me important and free from all ob-
jection ; and if of any value at all, it needs to
be in operation during the coming year, when
these bounties are to be paid. To postpone it
to the next session of Congress is to deny to
these people the privilege of having the pro-
tection of the Freedmen's Bureau thrown
around their claims.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, in view of
the position in which the colored soldiers and
seamen have been placed by the action of
Congress, declaring them competent to dis-
charge the highest duty of citizens, this propo-
sition to place them under guardianship, to
put their money where they can have no con-
trol over it, seems to'me to bo very remarka-
ble. There are a large number of these per-
sons who were at different times enrolled in
the Army and Navy. In what manner are
they to receive this money from the Freed-
men's Bureau ? Under what rules and regula-
tions is it to be paid? Under this bill when do
you propose to give these men the control of
the amount duo to them from the Government?
If I understood the bill on its reading, it eon-
tains no provision except one, that the money
due this class of persons, instead of being paid
to those entitled to receive it. is to be paid into
the Freedmen's Bureau. When and how and
under what regulations is the colored soldier
and sailor to receive his money? That is not
provided for in any specific or definite manner.
A mere discretion is conferred on the Freed-
men's Bureau.
I say to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] it is a monstrous assumption that
men recognized by law as citizens of the
United States, possessing all the rights and
privileges of citizenship, are to be denied the
privilege of controlling the money to which
they are entitled for service to the Govern-
ment, the fruits of their own labor. It is a
startling proposition.
Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Speaker, my objec-
tion to the reference by this bill of this money
to the Freedmen's Bureau is grounded upon
the reasons stated by the gentleman from In-
diana, but it goes further than he does. If
this plan is carried out a conflict, a collision
in the practical working of that bureau is
likely to take place, injurious to the bureau.
That bureau was created for a specific object.
That object is provided by law. It is clearly
established with defined powers. The purpose
for which it was established was not of a mili-
tary character. It was established for the pro-
tection of labor in the South, with a collateral
provision for refugees of the white race who
from necessity may apply to that bureau for
relief, owing to the fact that the civil organi-
zations ana eleemosynary establishments of
the South are unable to reach the necessity of
the case.
Now, sir, this bill proposes in face of the
specific organization of the Freedmen's Bu-
reau, as an eleemosynary establishment, estab-
lished for the protection of free labor, to put
the soldier and sailor who happens by the mis-
fortune of nature or by the blessing of nature
to be colored in a classification distinct from
his fellow-soldiers and sailors of the United
States service. You remind him continually
of the fact that he has been a slave, or his race
has been enslaved. You take this man at once
out of the peculiar line of duty in which he
is engaged in the service of the United States
and put him with those who are simply labor-
ers. There is nothing consistent, reasonable,
or necessary in this reference to the Freed-
men's Bureau.
Now, sir, there is a place where this bill
could receive the proper attention and care
it deserves. There is a department to which
it can be referred; and it strikes me as an
effort on the part of the gentlemen of the Mili-
tary Committee to relieve the officers of the
United States having charge of the payment
of soldiers of the United States from offensive
contact with these colored men. It is wrong.
It is an unfair insinuation against officers in
command of these troops. It certainly is un-
fair to the colored soldier and sailor.
The provisions of this bill are not under-
stood ; i do not mean to delay it if it is right;
but I hope it will be referred to the proper
committee for consideration and report.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. HOLMAN. I yield to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I think I have the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think I have it; but I
am very glad to give the gentleman an oppor-
tunity to speak.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman from In-
diana has satisfied me that this resolution
ought to pass. The object of it is to protect
the colored soldiers against the fraudulent
devices by which their small bounties are taken
away from_ them. We have passed bills for
the protection of white soldiers, not exactly
like this, but having the same end in view, for
the protection of men who from infancy have
had the benefit of our common schools, and
have acquired all that sharpness and self-reli-
ance that come from the rough and tumble of
American life.
Mr. HOLMAN. Allow me to ask a ques-
tion : whether all the laws and regulations
which have been designed to protect the white
soldiers from the unjust demands and exac-
tions of agents do not apply to the colored sol-
dier as well?
Mr. SCOFIELD. No doubt they do. I
say we have passed laws for the protection of
white soldiers, but not going quite as far as
this, because, unlike the blacks, they have not
been excluded from your schools by legal pro-
hibition, nor have they all their lives been
placed in a dependent position. I know the
colored people are ignorant, but it is not their
own fault, it is ours. We have passed laws
that made it a crime for them to be taught,
and now, because they have not the learning
that the white man 1ms, gentlemen say we must
not pass laws to protect them against plunder
by the sharks that hang around the bounty
offices. Have you not got enough from the
colored man when you have robbed him of
his wages all his life? .After having induced
him to enlist in the Army would you steal his
bounty? I do not mean of course the gen-
tleman from Indiana, but I mean those for
whom he is unintentionally speaking, whose
cause he advocates. Has not the black man
suffered enough? Shall we not now give to
the Freedmen's Bureau an opportunity to see
that the balance of this little bounty shall get
into the hand of the soldier himself, so that he
shall have the money to spend either in the
education .of himself or his children?
If I am entitled to the floor I wish to call
the previous question; if not, I surrender it to
the gentleman from Indiana, with the simple
remark that I hope his motion to refer will be
voted down and the resolution passed.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania believes that such a law as this
is necessary to protect this class of soldiers
from being the victims of plunder and robbery
by claim agents, why then the bill ought to
pass. But, sir, if the safeguards that we have
already adopted with reference to soldiers in
general, to all classes, to prevent injustice
being done them by claim agents, with the
express injunction upon the War Department
to use every reasonable degree of precaution
to prevent extortion and injustice, if those
safeguards are. not sufficient to protect the col-
ored soldier, then the only way is to place
them under absolute guardianship. For to
assume that men who are competent, as the
gentleman assumes, to exercise the highest
functions of American citizens, are not fit to
be intrusted with money earned as soldiers
and bounties received from the Government
is certainly inconsistent.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I think the
white men in my district are as sharp and
shrewd as they are anywhere, and yet I get
letters from them almost every week complain-
ing that they have been defrauded of their
bounty, and asking me to go to the Department
to see if I can some way or other protect them.
I have no doubt the gentleman himself gets
similar letters from the white soldiers who are
cheated in his district. Now if, notwithstand-
ing all the protection we give them, these sharp
and shrewd white men, who have grown up in
the full enjoyment and exercise of the rights
of American citizens, have been and are con-
tinually defrauded to so great an extent, how
much more will these cunning agents take ad-
vantage of the colored man, less educated, less
trained to business? It is for this reason that
I wish to throw around them this additional
protection.
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir; and if the laws
are not now sufficient to protect our soldiers
from injustice and imposition, then they ought
to be made sufficient. And I would very gladly
and cordially cooperate with the gentleman in
the enactment of any law which might be
necessary for that purpose, which should be
applicable alike to all who have served the
country in the late war.
But it comes to this, and the gentleman is
driven to the conclusion, that men whom you
have recognized by acts of Congress as not only
competent to fill the ranks of the Army and
Navy—such has been the policy of the Gov-
ernment—and of course entitled to receive the
pay and bounty as soldiers, but over and above
all that, and infinitely beyond that, as entitled
to the great rights of citizenship—these men
are to be placed under an absolute guardianship
in reference to even the petty compensation to
which they are entitled for their labor. Sir,
it presents a strange condition of affairs,
when vast numbers of men, soldiers in the
Army, men who are to be allowed to exercise
the highest rights of American citizens, are to
be regarded as not fit even to be intrusted with
the humblest rights of men in reference to
property, not even with the advantage of the
ample regulations which have been deemed
sufficient to protect the white -men of this
country from injustice.
That is the main point which I make against
this whole measure. Now, whatever may be
the result of our action, we should see to it
that it is not flagrantly inconsistent. If it is to
be the policy of the Government to recognize
these colored men as entitled to exercise the
highest^ rights of American citizens, the right
of elective franchise and the right to hold office
under the Government, -inseparably connected
with the right of suffrage, we certainly will be
acting very inconsistently to deny them the
right of managing the simplest transactions of
business, or permission to receive and expesd
the fruits of their industry.
