1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
449
mony is. That list of one hundred and ninety-
three deserters, with no other testimony but
this letter, went to the President through the
hands of Colonel Thomas B. Florence, who is
somewhat known to members of the House;
and the answer that came back was a restora-
tion of every one of the men on that list, with-
out dotting an i, or crossing a t, so far as can
be seen, and upon no other testimony than the
fact that they would vote the D emocratic ticket;
which_ I suppose would be a good reason for
restoring all the deserters from the Army,
thereby entirely absorbing the fund set aside
for disabled soldiers.
Mr. WOOD. I submit that the reply of the
gentleman from Massachusetts virtually acquits
the President from any complicity in this trans-
action.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I yield to the
gentleman from Massachusetts five minutes
more.
Mr. BUTLER. I want to finish this state-
ment to the House. My statement does not
acquit the President, because he has no right
to restore to deserters hundreds and thousands
of dollars out of the Treasury without some
evidence of some deserving other than that
they will vote for the Democratic ticket; and
he had no other evidence in this case. There
is where the trouble comes in. He received a
letter from the candidate for Congress, accom-
panied by a list of deserters, and without evi-
dence, -without inquiry, without anybody's rec-
ommendation, without any deserving on their
part, he does that act which restores them,
takes from the Treasury $75,000, takes it from
the poor maimed soldier, and gives it to these
deserters.
I introduced the name of Colonel Florence
because it was introduced in the testimony ;
and I never do anything behind any gentle-
man's back. The same testimony also shows
when Mr. Florence brought back this list, which
was sent to the claim agent in the charge of
and directed to the care of Hon. Thomas B.
Florence, that he was paid by this claim agent
$1,000 for his service in that behalf. Is there
any other question any gentleman would like
to ask me? [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANLER. I ask the gentleman if
that is the rate at which Democratic voters
were procured in his experience when he was
a Democrat?
Mr. BUTLER. " Out of the abundance of
the heart the mouth spcaketh." I was never
a Democrat in the gentleman's State. I never
knew of any such transaction in my own.
Mr. CHANLER. I ask the gentleman to
answer, because he seemed to make the as-
sertion as if this were a Democratic question.
I do not myself wish to be understood as in
any way believing this has anything to do with
the Democratic party. It is a transaction in
a single district that has nothing at all to do
with the Democratic party.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not charge the Demo-
cratic party'with it. I never take notice of
very small things, and I think the Democratic
part^ is too small at present, [laughter.] I
always like to take a man of my size, when I
am going to strike. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. CHANLER. I ask the gentleman if
he thinks when he left the Democratic party
he reduced it to its present size?
Mr. B UTLER. The country will judge what
reduced it,
Mr. CHANLER. I am glad to hear that.
Mr. BUTLER. I cannot continue the col-
loquy with the gentleman, as it is not pertinent
to the issue.
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask the gentleman
from Kansas to yield to me a few moments.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I yield to the
gentleman for a short time.
Mr. MARSHALL. I do not know whether
I understood the gentleman from Massachusetts
correctly. He speaks of facts which have
been proven. To what evidence does he
rsfor ?
Mr. BUTLER. An investigation, si?, which
I instituted for the purpose of seeing where the
40th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 29.
money of the asylum over which I presided
was going, and which I took care should be
put in the proper channels.
Mr. MARSHALL.. I wish to say merely a
word in regard to this, as I have but a moment
accorded to me. The investigation before the
proper committee of this House it is not proper
to speak of; but, sir, I think if all the facts
were here it could be shown that the state-
ments of the gentlemen from Massachusetts are
unauthorized and are brought before the House
this morning in an improper manner, and one
which I venture to predict may turn out in the
future not to be creditable to the gentleman
who has thus dragged them at this time before
the House.
This whole very gravfe and important ques-
tion has been referred by the House to the
appropriate committee, if the House will per-
mit gentlemen of any party to come hero from
day to day and bring before the House and
spread before the country their own ex parte
statements of what they may claim to be evi-
dence, the country may be kept in a ferment
continually, great injury done to its material
business interests, and gross injustice to the
high officers whose conduct is subjected to rigid
scrutiny. I insist that this mode of making ex
parte statements and endeavoring to force the
country to prejudge a matter undergoing the
serious investigation of a committee of this
House by its direction, is unwarranted and
unjust, and ought not to be tolerated by the
House. It ought, in my judgment, to receive
its severest condemnation.
Mr. BUTLER. Will the gentleman allow
me a single word ?
Mr. MARSHALL. Yes, sir.
Mr. BUTLER. My justification is that the
gentleman from New York [ilr. Wood] said
(his whole agitation was absurd and was not
based on the slightest evidence. I was driven
in self-defense to say what I did. Iliad not
said aword either about Booth's diary or about
this matter until somebody wanted to know.
Then I always answer.
Mr. MARSHALL. I am not awaro that
the matter of Booth's diary has been up this
morning.
Mr. BUTLER. Oh, yes; it was referred to
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Woon.]
Mr. MARSHALL. The gentleman from
Massachusetts, if I am not greatly mistaken,
voluntarily brought before the House, in the
first place, a matter of fact which he said could
be proven, and upon that statement of pre-
tended facts he makes a bitter attack upon
the Chief Magistrate of our country. Now,
without controverting the statement of the gen-
tleman, or undertaking to say that I know any-
thing about it, for 1 cannot allude to testimony
taken before the committee of which I am a
member, I repeat that when all the evidence
is taken and published I trust that it will
appear that there is no good ground for the
attack made at this time upon the President
tyy the gentleman from Massachusetts. This
dragging before the House from day to day
isolated statements of facts and evidence,
whether fictitious or real, in regard to the con-
duct of the Chief Magistrate and other high
public officers of the Government, is not only
unjust and improper, but it should receive the
severest condemnation of the House and of
the country, and I believe^ all just-minded
men will take this view of it throughout the
length and breadth of this land.
But I will not trespass further upon the House,
as I have the floor but for a moment merely
by the courtesy of thegentleman from Kansas.
I protest against this unjust and irregular
method of proceeding against the highest
officer of the Government, especially at tins
time when the whole subject is undergoing a
grave judicial investigation before a committee
of gentlemen, who I am satisfied will attempt
to do justice, and do it in the proper manner
and at the proper time.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I
have offered this resolution not so much for the
purpose of expressing my own views upon the
action upon it. On the 7th of January,'1867,
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] pre-
sented a resolution to this House, with'^pre-
amble, as follows: .. ' •
"I do impeach Andrew Johnson. Yice President
and acting President of the United, States, of high
crimes and misdemeanors.
" I charge him with a usurpation of power and-vio-
lation of law; in that he has corruptly used the ap-
pointing power; m that he has corruptly used the
pardoning power; in that he has corruptly used the
veto power; in that ho has corruptly disposed of the
public property of the United States; in that he has
corruptly interfered in elections, and committed acts,
and conspired with others to commit acts, which, in
contemplation of the Constitution, are high crimes
and misdemeanors."
On the 7th of January last the foregoing
grave and solemn charges went forth to the
conntrj'. The time proposed in this resolution
for the adjournment of Congress is on the first
Monday in June, which will make an inter-
val of five months during which the Judiciary
Committee of the Thirty-Ninth and of the
Fortieth Congress will have had to prosecute
their investigation. Now, sir, I ask the gen-
tleman fromNowYork, [Mr. Wood,] if charges
of this character were preferred against him as
a member of the House of Representatives,
how long he would be content to sit in this
body and delay a report of the committee'
charged with the investigation. I do not be-
lieve he would be willing to sit here two months
or one mouth or even a single week.
1 agree most fully with the gentleman from
New York that if this means impeachment, why
not act upon it at once. It is due to ourselves,
it is duo to the nation, it is due to the loyal
people who, during the four years of war, sus-
tained the flag of the Republic that we should
go forward and act upon a question so seriously
affecting the honor and welfare of this great
nation. I agree with liim that the question
having been referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary on the 7th of January for investiga-
tion, and that investigation having been prose-
cuted in. the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and hav-
ing been again by the action of the Fortieth
Congress referred to the Judiciary Committee,
it is due to ourselves, and most certainly due
to the Chief Magistrate of this nation, that
there should be action by that committee before
the regular meeting in December.
It is for this purpose I have offered this res-
olution. The preamble contains no declara-
tion that has not been made again and again
both during the Thirty-Ninth Congress and the
present session of the 'Fortieth Congress. There
is no declaration, then, that has not been re-
peatedly affirmed by a majority of this House
in reference to the acts of the President of tha
United States.
Now, one other remark. It was stated the
other day by the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Blaise] that throughout the length and
breadth of this land there could not be found
more than twenty-five newspapers all told that
were outspoken in favor of the impeachment
of the President. Sir, in the district which I
represent on this floor there are forty-one
newspapers published in the English and the
German languages. And of those forty-one
papers I do not know of half a dozen which
have not directly and frankly expressed the
opinion that the President ought to be im-
peached and removed from office if found
guilty. And during a late visit to my own
State, while the Legislature of the State was
in Session, I became satisfied that had the
question been brought fairly before them there
would not have been, I believe, a dozen out
of a hundred members who would have ex-
pressed an opinion in favor of the President.
I say again, it is due to the Chief Magistrate
of this nation, it is due to the nation itself, if
the President is guilty of the grave charges
preferred against him by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Ashi.ey] as long ago as the 7th of
January last, that the prosecution should be
carried to some final result. If he is innocent,
then most certainly gentlemen upon the other
side of this House, gentlemen upon all sides
