450
THE CONGRESSIONAL txLOBE.
March 29,
of the House, will agree with me that the inves-
tigation ought tt> be so carried out as to show
that fact.
I have therefore offered this resolution for
the purpose of bringing the question before
the House, believing that gentlemen upon all
sides of th'e House ought to concur at least in
the propriety of prosecuting this most impor-
tant matter, relating so materially and directly
to the welfare and honor of the nation, to a
conclusion, whether it shall result in the con-
viction or acquittal of Jhe President. I now
call the previous question.
Mr. ROBINSON. Will the gentleman yield
to me for two or three minutes? I see lie has
some of his hour yet left.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I cannot yield
further.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I desire to move to
lay this preamble and resolution uponthe table.
And I will state as my reason for that motion
that I understand the committee of confer-
ence upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses upon the adjournment resolution are
now ready to report.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No debate is
in order.
The question was taken upon laying the
preamble and resolution upon the table, and
upon a division there were—ayes 45, noes 43.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, called for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 52, nays 56, not voting
56 ; as follows:
YEAR—Messrs. Archer, Baldwin, Benjamin,Bing-
ham, Blair, Brooks, Buckland, Burr, Chanler, Cor-
nell, Denison, Kggleston, Eldridge, Ferriss, Getz,
Glossbrenner, Griswolil, Halsoy, Hamilton, Hayes,
Hill, Holman, Chester D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Kerr,
Ketcham, Lailin, Loughridge, Mallory, Marshall,
Marvin, Mcrcur, Morrisscy, Mungen. Nibla.ck, Nich-
olson, Peters,Phelps, Pile, Poland,Robertson, Rob-
inson, Ross, Sitgreavos, Stewart, Tabor, Thomas,
Twitchell, Van Auken, Van Trump, Wood, and
Woodbridge—52.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Delos R. Ashley, James
M. Ashley, Bakor, Bontoi),Boutwell, Broomall, But-
ler, (Jake. Reader W. Clai ke, Sidney Clarke, Coburn,
Cook, Co rode, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Ela, Earns-
worth, Fields, Garfield, Gravely, Hooper, Hopkins,
Hnlburd, Ingersoll, Judd, Koonta, William Law-
rence, Loan, Logan, McClurg, Miller, M orrell, Myers,
O'Neill. Perham, Plants, Polsley. Sawver, Schenek,
Seofielrl, Shanks, Aaron I'1. Stevens, Thaddeus Ste-
vens, Trowbridge, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Robert T.
Van Horn, Henry D. Washburn, Wolker, Thouias
Williams, William Williams, John T. Wilson, Ste-
phen F. Wihori, and Wmiloin—66.
B:
Cobb, .  .., „       ,
Fox, Haight, Harding, Asahel W. Hubbard, Hunter.
Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Kitchen, George V. Law-
rence, Lincoln, Lynch, McCarthy, MeCulIough,
Moore, Moorhead, Morgan, Ncweomb, Noell, Orth,
Paine, Pike, Poineroy. Price, Pruyn, Randall, Raum,
Selye, Shellaburgor, Smith. Spalding, Stone, Taffe,
Taylor. Van Aeriiam, Van Wyck. Ward, Cadwalader
C. Washhurn, William B. Washburn, and James F.
Wilson—56.
So the preamble and resolution were not
laid on the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. SHANKS said: I desire to state that
my colleague, Mr. Juliajt, is absent by leave
of the House on account of sickness in his
family.
The question recurred upon seconding the
call for the previous question ; and being taken,
upon a division there were—ayes 24, noes 70.
So the call for the previous question was not
seconded.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move to amend by
striking out all after the word "that", where
it first occurs and inserting iu lieu thereof the
following:
The President of the Sonato and Spcnkor of the
House of Representatives aie hereby instructed to
ad 10urn thfiir rpsnp^tivA TTnncfw nt 'A nVi.x k w w 
oi juiy.iw,. at noon, wnentne President, ol
the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives shall cause the roll of each House respect-
ively to be callcd ; and if there be no quorum piesent
the said Houses shall adjourn from day to day tor
lour successi* u days, and on each day the roll of the
respective Houses shall be called; and if at every
such calling thero shall be found to be no quorum
present ni eilher the Senate or House of Representa-
tives, the said President and Speaker shall there-
upon adjourn their respective Houses without day.
Mr. Speaker, I call the previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Bkoomall] to permit me to
move to amend his resolution so as to conform
to the resolution which we passed yesterday,
by striking out "either the Senate or House
of Representatives" and inserting "both
Houses."
Mr. BROOMALL. I cannot yield for such
an amendment. It would spoil the sense, or
have an effect different from that which I
desire.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I call
for the reading of the original resolution.
The resolution was read.
Mr. BROOMALL. I withdraw the call for
the previous question, for the purpose of saying
that I am in favor of the original resolution,
and have voted for the proposition which it
contains in every shape in which it has been
presented up to "the present time. The fact,
however, that the previous question has not
been sustained indicates that at this time we
are not going to pass that resolution. It is
important that some resolution upon the sub-
ject of adjournment should be agreed upon.
Should the substitute which I offer be adopted,
the gentleman from Kansas can at any time
renew his resolution, and we can have as
much discussion upon it as we choose.
I was in favor of having a session on the first
Monday of every month during the recess ; and
on each occasion when the question has been
presented I have voted for the greatest num-
ber of sessions. But from the action of the
Senate on various occasions, and from the dis-
agreement of the committee of conference,
about to be reported, I am satisfied that noth-
ing more than this proposition can obtain the
concurrence of the Senate. It avoids the diffi-
culty urged by the gentleman from Ohio, be-
cause it does not put it in the power of a minor-
ity of either House to thwart the will of a
majority of one House and the whole of the
other; but it does leave it in the power of either
House to prevent there being a session of Con-
gress. I see no way to prevent that; and I am
satisfied that a proposition of this .sort is the
most to Which we can get the assent of the
Senate.
Mr. B TNG HAM. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield to me for a few minutes.
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Speaker, I want to
have some agreement about adjournment to-
day, and I desire a speedy vote on this prop-
osition. I yield, however, to the gentleman
five minutes.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, yesterday
this Ho use by a very large vote passed a res-
olution (which was sent to the Senate, but
upon which, so far as we are advised, that
body has not yet acted) providing for an ad-
journment of this Congress at three o'clock
to-day until a designated day in June, on
which day, if upon a call of the roll there
should not be a quorum of both Houses in
attendance, an adjournment should take place,
until a certain day in September, when again
the roll should be called, and if there should
not be a quorum present in both Houses, Con-
gress should stand adjourned until the first
Monday of December.
Now, sir, in this resolution the gentleman
has omitted the word "both" and inserted the
word " either the efifectof which will be that
if upon the roll-ualls on the four consecutive
days there should be found a bare quorum in
one House, while in the other there should bo
no quorum, we could do no business and we
could get no adjournment. Why, sir, this
House cannot compel the Senate to enforce
the attendance of a quorum any more than
the Senate can compel this House to enforce
the attendance^ of a quorum ; and without a
quorum in both Houses there could be no ad-
journment. I do not propose to sit here as a
one-horse machine from next June until next
December. I think the world has had lesson
enough on the subject of a single representa-
tive assembly. I think France gave us a les-
son during the four years of her single assem-
bly from 1791 to 1794, a lesson she will never
forget herself, and I undertake to say will never
again repeat. I propose to stand by the prin-
ciple of the resolution of yesterday, and allow
the two Houses, if a quorum appear in each,
to continue their session, whether we adjourn
to June or July, until they finish what to them
seems fit and good and right. I ask the gen-
tleman to allow me to move to strike out
"either" and insert for it the word "both."'
If he will do that I will go for his resolution.
If he will not allow me to do that I will vote
against it. I do not propose to initiate a pro-
ceeding of this sort, which in my judgment can
but be disastrous to the great cause we repre-
sent, when the spectacle will be presented of
a minority in one House and a quorum in the
other struggling from day to day, and from
week to week, unable to adjourn, until one
House or the other certifies the fact to the
President and you are prorogued under the
Constitution.
Mr. BROOMALL. I will detain the House
but a moment. The gentleman from Ohio has
entirely mistaken the purport of the resolution.
The resolution is thisif on such call there
shall be found to be .no quorum present in
either the Senate or the House of Representa-
tives, then there shall be a final adjournment;
that is to say, if there is a quorum in th6 House
and none in the Senate there shall be a final
adjournment.
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir.
Mr. BROOMALL. If there be a quorum in
the Senate and none in the House then there
shall be an adjournment. That is the language
and meaning of the resolution ; and the gen-
tleman from Ohio has not read it or he would
have come to the same conclusion precisely
that I do.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the gentleman's
attention one moment. Does he not know by
reading his resolution if there be a quorum in
the House alone they will not be adjourned?
I beg him to answer that?
Mr. BROOMALL. I know to the contrary?
Mr. BINGHAM. If you know to the con-
trary then go on.
Mr. BlIOOMALL. If there be no quorum
in either one or the other there shall be an
adjournment. Now, can language be plainer
than that? It means what he desires it shall
mean, and nothing else.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I should
like to know, sir, how we are to ever get dis-
entangled if we go on passing these resolutions
in reference to the adjournment. How many
resolutions have we already passed? Certainly
we have passed one from which we have as yet
no report from the Senate.
Now, I think, Mr. Speaker, instead of voting
on any more of these resolutions to adjourn,
we had better take a vote on the resolution of
the gentleman from Kansas, [Mr. Clabke.]
That resolution means something, and all these
other resolutions do not.
For the last three or four months Ihavei>een
satisfied that the committee are making but a
mere pretense of prosecuting the impeachment
by way of throwing it out of doors. I do not
believe they ever intended it, and I do not be-
lieve they intend it now. I should like there-
fore to have a direct vote on the proposition
of the gentleman from Kansas, to know how
we stand. Holding these views and believing
that what we are now doing is only intended
and calculated to delude the people and make
them believe just what is desired, although we
know the result will be contrary to their ex-
pectations, I very much prefer that we should
have a direct vote on this question involved
in the resolution of the gentleman from Kan-
sas, so the country may know exactly where
we stand. I hope my friend will withdraw his
amendment and let us have a direct vote on
the proposition of the gentleman from Kansas.
If that is voted down, the gentleman can again
move his proposition as a privileged question.
It is hardly germane to the question now before
