1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
451
the House; it does not belong there; it is
unfair to make it.
Mr. BROOMALL. I yield now three min-
utes to the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I desire to second
what has been said by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.] It is time we
should stop this feverish excitement which has
extended all over the country upon this ques-
tion ; and J. hope the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Buoomaxl] will assent to the re-
quest of his colleague to allow a direct vote to
be taken on the original resolution. If it is the
wish of the House that the Judiciary Commit-
tee shall go on inquiring into the matter of im-
peachment until it is thoroughly investigated,
let us say so by a direct vote. On the contrary,
if the majorityof the members of the House
are of the opinion that there is no ground for
impeachment, let them say so. This beating
about the bush; this playing at the game of—
I do not know what you call it—"now you see
it, and now you don't see it;" this adjourning
till June, with no intention of meeting then,
but by resolution putting it beyond the power
of Congress to meet at that time; this putting
it in the power of a minority to prevent any
business being done in June, even if we do
meet, is all wrong and nonsensical.
I do not propose to express an opinion now
as to whether the President is guilty and ought
to be impeached or not, while we have the
Judiciary Committee investigating that sub-
ject. I am willing to withhold my judgment
until I can have their report and evidence
before me. But since that Committee hits
already reported that sufficient evidence has
been introduced before them to render it im-
perative that the investigation should be pros-
ecuted still further, and this House by solemn
resolution has referred the evidence again to
the committee with instruction to pursue the
investigation, is it not ridiculous and absurd
for us to be playing this game of adjourning
till next December, thus indirectly circum-
venting the Committee and putting it beyond
their power to do what we have directed them
to do ?
It is a very simple question. It is to come
square up to the mark and vote ay or no upon
allowing the committee to make the investiga-
tion and reporting upon it, declaring that we
wish them to report or that we will abandon
the whole question of impeachment. 1 ask, in
the name of common sense and in the name
of the people of this country whose minds are
unsettled, that the House of Representatives
shall, with that dignity which becomes action
upon so grave and solemn a question, decide
either to go on with the impeachment or aban-
don it and let the country rest. I think we
subject ourselves to the criticism which is made
upon our acts by the gentlemen on the other
side of the House. Many of their criticisms
are just, and for my part I shall feel ashamed
to go home and face my constituents after
voting that this committee shall proceed with
the investigation, and then voting to adjourn
until next December.
Mr. BROOMALL. I yield two minutes to
the gentleman from Vermont.'
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I cer-
tainly regret that the distinguished gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Steven's] should so
far forget the proprieties of debate and the
rules of this House as to cast reflections, if
not malignant aspersions, upon one of the
committees of the House. Sir, as a member
of that committee, I defer to the great ability,
the mature experience, and the revered age of
the gentleman, but I believe that the commit-
tee which he charges with the intention of
shrinking from the duty devolved upon them
by the House are his peers in purity, integ-
rity, and devotion to the interests of the coun-
^What duty was imposed upon the commit-
tee 1 Was it to report according to the notions
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania or the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,]
upon common rumor and fame, a bill ot im-
peachment? Was it to act upon the sugges-
tions of gentlemen that the usurpation of the
President in his public acts is so patent that
we need no testimony? Sir, the committee
would be untrue to themselves and the country
should they make a report without careful and
deliberate investigation.
The resolution of impeachment charges the
President of the United States with corruption
in the use of the veto power, in the nse of the
pardoning power, and in the use of the ap-
pointing power. Where is the evidence of
that corruption? Is it in the statements of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, or of any other
gentleman in this House ? No, sir. It is only to
be determined by human testimony sanctioned
by the obligations of an oath, and the Committee
on the Judiciary have honestly and faithfully,
day after day, with care and without prejudice,
examined witnesses upon the subject. The
charges to which I have referred, together with
those in reference to corrupt interference in
elections, and of corrupt disposal of the public
property, not only justify but demand that the
committee should investigate the matter with
the deliberation and candor of a court, and in
no other way. And when the gentleman, with
all his ability, vises upon the floor of this
House and imputes improper motives to the
committee, charging them with a design to
thwart the wishes of the House, and to shirk
the duty imposed upon them, it is a gratuitous
charge, unjust and undeserved, and one that T
am sorry to hear from the distinguished and
revered gentleman from Pennsylvania.
That committee may act unwisely in the esti-
mation of the gentleman; they may not be
possessed of his transcendent ability ; but they
will act with honesty and sincerity of purpose,
with zeal and industry. And when the proper
time comes, they will, with as much fearlessness
and manhood as the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania can desire, report the result of their in-
vestigation to the House for their action.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Allow
me to say that I intended to impugn the motives
of no one. I spoke of the manner in which
this investigation was being conducted, and
stated my opinion that it was evidently leading
to no result whatever.
Mr. BROOMALL. I desire to say that the
amendment I have offered is not intended to
interfere at all with the resolution offered by
the gentleman from Kansas, [Mr. Ci.akice;]
but I saw that his resolution was going to take
up much time, the previous question on it not
being seconded. It can be renewed, if the gen-
tleman desires, immediately after mine is dis-
posed of. If no other gentleman will renew it,
I will renew it myself.
I desire to modify my amendment in two
particulars. I propose to increase the number
of days upon which the roll is to lie called
from four to five. And I change the phrase-
ology, without at all changing the meaning,
so as to accommodate the critical gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.] I propose that
it shall read "if at every such calling either
the Senate or House of Representatives shall
be found without a quorum, the said President
and Speaker shall thereupon adjourn their
respective Houses without day."
Mr. BTNGHAM. 1 agree to that.
Mr. BROOMALL. I would rather not put
it in the power of the Senate to prevent a
session at that time. But I am satisfied we
will have to yield that point. I now call the
previous question.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I would
ask my colleague [Mr. BroomamJ if this res-
olution does not impart a license to the major-
ity of both Houses to withhold their attendance
here at that time ? , , fc-
Mr. BINGHAM. They have that ncense
now.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. And
will not the Senate be able to carry out their
manifest determination to have no session be-
fore December next by not appearing here in
July?
Mr. BROOMALL. If the gentleman will
point out any mode by whieh we can compel
the attendance of a quorum of the Senate I
will agree to modify my resolution in that way.
But that cannot be done. I insist upon the
call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded.
The reading of the amendment, as modified,
being cUled for, it was read, as follows:.
Strike out all after the resolving clause, and insert
in lieu thereof the following:
That the President of the Senate and the Speaker
of the Houseof Representatives are hereby instruoted
to adjourn their respective Houses at three o'clock
p. m. on the 30th day of March, instant, to the first
Wednesday in July, 1867, when tho President of the
Sonate and Speaker of the Houseof Representatives
shall cause the roll of each House respectively to be
read; and if there be no quorum present, tho said
Houses shall adjourn from day to day forflve succes-
sive days, and on each day tho roll of tho respective
Houses shall be called, and if at ovory such calling
either the Sonate or House of Representatives shall
be found without a quorum, the said President and
Speaker shall thereupon adjourn their respective
Houses without day.
The main question was then ordered—ayes
81, noes 27.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I call for the
yeas and nays upon the question of agreeing
to the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Broomall.]
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 88, nays 26, not voting
50 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Arehor, Balcer, Baldwin,
Benjamin,.Bingham,Blair,Boutwell, Brooks, Broom-
all, Buckland, Burr, Cako, Chanlor, Churchill, Reader
W. Clarke, Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Deoison, Dodge,
Driggs, Eggle&ton, Bldridge, Fcrriss, Ferry, FieM>,
(iartield, Uetz, (3 tossbrenncr, (rriswold, llalsoy, Ham-
ilton, Hayes, Hill, Hoi man, Hooper, Hopkins, Asa-
hel "W. Hubbard, Chester I). Hubbard, Humphrey,
Judd, Kerr, Ketcham. Koontx, Lallin, Lincoln,
Loughridge, "Lynch, Mallory, Marshall, Marvin,
Morcur, Morrcll, Morrist-ey, Niblack, Nicholson,
Pcrham, Pelors, Phelps, Pile, Plants, Poland, Rob-
orison, ltobinson, Ross, Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks,
Sitgreaves, Stewart, Tabor, Taffc, Taylor, Thomas,
Trowbridge, Twitcnell, Upson, Van Auken, Burt
Van Horn, Van Trump, Henry 1). Washburn, Wei-
ker, William Williams, Stephen P.Wilson, Windom,
Wood, and Woodbridge—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Delos It. Ashley, .Tames M. Ash-
ley, Benton, Butler, Sidney Clarke, Covode, CuIIom,
Donnelly, Ela, Farnsworth, Gravely, Ingersoll. Wil-
liam Lawrence, Loan, Logan, McClurg, Miller,
O'Neill, Polsley, Schenck. Aaron F. Stevens. Thad-
dcus Stevens, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Thomas
Williams, and John T. Wilson—26.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Banks,
Barnes, Beaman, Blaine, Bovcr. Bromifcll, Cobb,
"Dawes, Eckley, Eliot, Finncv, Fox.llaiglit, Harding,
Hulburd, Hunter, Julian, Kelloy, Kelsey, Kitchen,
George V.Lawrence, McCarthy, MeCullough,Moore,
Moorhead, Morgan, Mungen, Myors, Ncwcomb,
Nocll, Orth, Panic, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, Pruyn,
Randall, Raum, Selye, Shcllabarger, Smith, Spald-
ing, Stone, Van Aernam, Van Wyck, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, William B. Washburn, and James 1.
Wilson—SO.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurring on agreeing to the
resolution as amended, it was agreed to.
Mr. BROOMALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to:
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question then recurred on agreeing to
the preamble.
Mr. BROOMALL. My resolution was in-
tended as a substitute for the preamble as well
as the resolution.
The SPEAKER. A substitute cannot be
offered for both a resolution and a preamble.
Mr. BROOMALL. I hope, then, that the
preamble will not be adopted. I move that it
be laid on the table.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. On that motion
I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to lay the preamble on the table
was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, submitted
the following report:
The committee of conference on tho disagreeing
votes o'f the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (S. No. 83) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for contingent ex-
penses of the Senate of tho United States for the
fiscal year ending June 30,18GT, having met, after
full and free conference have agroed to recommend,
