454
THE.CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 29,
and that answer includes another one. It
proves the head and tail were not made out
of pieces of the same color, for we began with
the preamble and resolution to adjourn, and we
passed the resolution to adjourn and laid the
preamble on the table ; and in the next five
minutes the same preamble comes up as a tail
to a proposition to request the Judiciary Com-
mittee to make a report. It shows this pre-
amble can be used as fish, flesh, or fowl. It
can be made to suit the palate of the gentle-
man who desires to eat-.
My friend from Massachusetts believes that
this preamble is exceedingly proper and perti-
nent, because it declares it dangerous for Con-
gress to adjourn ; it being dangerous for Con-
gress to adjourn, therefore resolved, when it
does adjourn and meet again, the Committee
on the Judiciary shall be requested to report
on a certain subject. This is cogent logic! If
gentlemen want to commit themselves to such
an absurd non sequitur, I leave it to their sense
and logic to do so.
As we have laid the preamble on the table
once to day, I think we shall not be considered
tender-footed if we lay it on the table once
more.
Another thing, the gentleman takes np a
statement in the preamble to which I have
objected, that the nation has impeached the
President, and he goes on to say that in a cer-
tain sense he is impeached and the House ought
to stay here to attend to it. How is he im-
peached when a committee has only been ap-
pointed to investigate the charges? Can a man
be said to be hanged who is only arrested and
put on trial for murder? How far is he hanged
if he is not hanged at all? [Laughter. J
unrolled bill signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled
an act (S. No. S3) making appropriations to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
contingent expenses of the Senate of the Uni-
ted .States for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1Sij7, and for other purposes ; when the
Speaker signed the same.
impeachment again.
Mr. FARNSWORTH (at five o'clock) moved
that the House adjourn. .
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I move to lay the pre-
amble on the table.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. On that I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question being put on laying the pream-
ble on the table, there were—ayes 52, noes 3'2.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Clarke, of Kansas, and Rob-
inson.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 54, noes 32.
So the preamble was laid on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote just taken ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adjournment op congress.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the action of the Senate on the concurrent
resolution of the House in reference to the
adjournment of Congress, which was reported,
as follows:
Resolved, Tha.t the Senato agree to the foregoing
resolution of the House of Representatives relative
to the adjournment of the two Houses of Congress,
with the following amendment:
Strike out all after "that" where it first occurs in
said resolution, and insert as follows:
The President of the Senate and the Speaker of
the House of Representatives are hereby directed to
adjourn their respective Houses on Saturday, March
30,1867, at twelve o'clock meridian, to the first Wed-
nesday of July, 1867, at noon, when the roll of each
House shall be immediately called, and immediately
thereafter the Presiding Officer of each House shall
cause the Presiding Officer of the other House to be
informed whether or not a quorum of its body has
appeared; and thereupon, if a quorum of the two
Houses respectively shall not have appeared upon
such call of the rolls, the President of tho Senate and
the Speaker of the House of .Representatives shall
immediately adjourn their respective Houses with-
out day.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to concur, and
call the previous question.
Mr. BROOMALL. I ask the gentleman to
yield for an amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I decline.
Mr. BROOMALL. I hope it will not be
seconded.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the Speaker if it
would not be his duty, if this amendment of
the Senate is adopted, to adjourn the House
when it meets 'in July, even though it be full
and there are only half of the members of the
Senate in session ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will answer
that by the amendment of the Senate. If a
quorum should not be present in both Houses
on the first Wednesday in July, the Presiding
Officers would be required to adjourn the two
Houses.
Mr. BINGHAM. But if there is a quorum
in both Houses then the other part of the
resolution has no effect.
The SPEAKER. It woidd have no effect
whatever.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. If the previous
question should not be seconded would it not
then be in order for the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Bboomall] to offer his amend-
ment ?
The SPEAKER. It would then be open to
amendment.
The previous question was seconded—ayes
50, noes 4o; and the main question was
ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK. _ I demand the yeas and
nays on concurring in the Senate ametidmtfcit.
Mr. BUTLER. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes 30, noes
03.
Tho yeas and nays were ordered.
Tho question was taken on concurring in the
amendment of tho Senate ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas-53, noes 4), not voting
G6; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs.Archer, Baldwin, Benjamin, Bing-
ham,Blair, Brooks, Buekland, Burr, Cake, Chanler,
Eggteston, Eldridge, Fcrriss, Ferry, ti<:(-/, Gloss-
bremi or. Griswold.Halsey, Hamilton. Ilayes, llolman,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Humphrey,
Kerr, Ketcham, Koontz. Xiafliu, Mallory,. Marvin,
Merour, Morrell, Morrissey, Mungen, Niblaeli,
Nicholson, Phelps, Pile, Robertson, Robinson, Ross,
Scotield, Sitgrcaves. Stewart, Tabor, Taylor, Trow-
bridge, Twitchi'll, Van Auken, Van Trump, Henry
D. Washhurn.Wood, and Woodbridgc—53.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, James 51. Ashley, Baker,
Benton, Boutwoll, Broomall, Butler, Sidney Clarke,
Coburn, Cook, Covode, Cullom. Donnelly, Ela, Earns-
worth, Garfield, Hooper, Hopkins, Ingersoll, Judd,
Kclley, William Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Loughridge,
Lynch, McClurg, Miller, Myers, O'Neill, Perham,
Polsley Sawyer, Sehenck, Shanks, Aaron F. Stevens,
Upson, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Welkcr, Thomas
Williams, William Williams, John T.Wilson, Stephen
F. Wilson, and Windom—45.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames. Anderson, DelosR.
Ashley. Banks, Barnes, Beaman, Blaine, Boyer,
Bromwell, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Cor-
nell, Dawes, Denison. Dodge, Driggs, Bckley, Eliot,
Fields, Finney, Fox, Gravely, Haight. Harding, Hill,
Hulburd, Hunter, Julian, JCclsey, Kitchen, George
V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Marshall, McCarthy, McCul-
lough. Moore. Moorhead, Morgan. Newcomb, Noeil,
Orth, Paine, Peters, Pike, Plants, Poland, Pomeroy,
Price, Pruyn, Randall, Raum, Selye, Shellabarger,
Smith, Spalding, Thaddeus Stevens, Stone, Taffo,
Thomas, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck,
CadwaladerC.Washburn, William!!.Washburn, and
James F. Wilson—66.
So the amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was concurred
in; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills and joint resolutions.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found truly en-
rolled bills and joint resolutions of the follow-
ing titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 28) to grant to the American
Atlantic Cable Telegraph Company, of New
York, the right of way and privilege to lay,
land, and operate a sub-marine telegraph cable
on the Atlantic coast of the United States, and
establish telegraphic communication between
the United States and Europe via the Ber-
mudas and Azores Islands;
An act (S. No. 105) to reimburse the States
of Indiana and Ohio for moneys expended for
the United States in enrolling, equipping, and
provisioning militia forces to aid in suppress-
ing the rebellion;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 21) in reference
to the collection and payment of moneys due
colored soldiers, sailors, and marines, oj- their
heirs;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 24) relative to
the payment of expenses incurred by the judges
of election for the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, District of Columbia ;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 48) in relation
to the execution of surveys of rivers ordered
by Congress ; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 43) in relation
to the educational interests of the District of
Columbia.
survey of illinois riveit.
Mr. LAFL1N, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved. That there be printed of the report of
Brevet Major General J. H. Wilson upon the survey
and examination or the Illinois river, when pre-
sented, seven hundred and fifty extra copies for tho
use of the House, and two hundred and fifty for tho
use of the Bureau of Engineers.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
survey of itock river.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the same committee,
also reported the following resolutio'n ; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Revolved, That tliero be printed of the report of
Brevet Major General J. II. Wilson upon the survey
and examination of the Rock river, when presented,
seven hundred and fifty extra copies l'or the use of
the House, and two hundred and fifty for the use of
tho Bureau of Engineers.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pay of oiticetis of the army.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War, in
answer to a resolution of tho House of March
7, 1867, transmitting a report by the Paymas-
ter General relative to the pay received by
officers of the Army; which was laid on the
tajile, and ordered to be printed.
railroad in michigan.
Mr. FERRY presented a joint resolution of
the Legislature of the State of Michigan, ask-
ing for a grant of land for a railroad from the
mining regions of the upper peninsula to Min-
issing, on the straits of Mackinaw; which was
ordered to be printed, and to be referred to
the Committee on Public Lands when ap-
pointed.
hour of meeting.-
Mr. BROOMALL. I move that when the
House adjourn to-day it be to meet at ten
o'clock a. m. to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. That will require a sus-
pension of the rules, the time of daily meeting
being fixed by a rule of the House.
The rules were suspended, two thirds voting
in the affirmative; and the motion of Mr.
Bkoomall was agreed to.
Mr. CHANLER. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
seeds foil the southern states.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that the rules
be suspended, in order that the joint resolution
of the Senate No. 61, authorizing the transfer
of certain funds and providing for the pur-
