1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
455
chase of seeds and their distribution in the
southern States, may be taken from the Speak-
er's table and considered by the House at this
time.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let the joint resolution be
read.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
transfers the sum of $50,000 from the funds
in charge of the Commissioner of the Bureau
of Freedmen, Refugees, and Abandoned Lands
and places it to the credit of the Department
of Agriculture, and directs the Commissioner
of Agriculture to employ that sum for the pur-
chase of improved varieties of vegetables and
cereals and their distribution in the southern
States.
The question was taken upon suspending
the rules, and (two-thirds voting in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended.
The joint resolution was accordingly taken
from the Speaker's table and read a first and
second time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
House now adjourn.
The question was taken ; andupon a division
there were—ayes 34, noes 53. ^
So the motion to .adjourn was not agreed to.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be read a third time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. This joint resolution
proposes to transfer §50,000 from the Freed-
men's Bureau to the Agricultural Department
for the purchase and distribution of seeds in
the southern States. I have had some con-
versation with General Howard upon this sub-
ject, and he thinks that the agents of his bu-
reau in thp southern States can perform this
duty more satisfactorily than it can be per-
formed under any system devised by tlie Agri-
cultural Bureau. 1 desire to offer an amend-
ment, to place this duty in charge of the Com-
missioner of the Freedmen's Bureau.
Mr. WOOD. 1 would inquiie what is the
character of seeds contemplated by this joint
resolution?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Garden seeds and
cereals.
Mr. WOOD. The only kind of seed that can
be used to much advantage in the South is
cotton seed. It is now too late to supply cotton
seed to the southern States for this year. I do
not wish to object to this joint resolution. I
only want to know for what good purpose this
$50,000 can be expended this year.
Mr. KELLEY. To furnish the hardy mount-
aineers, who to-day have ncf food or seed to
plant, with seed to grow food for themselves
and their families. ,
Mr. WOOD. The mountainous region ot
the southern States does not embrace one
twentieth of their area.
Mr. KELLEY. I know something of the
geography of the South; and I know that
SOOTOOO will not be enough to supply seedto
those who would gladly till the soil and raise
food for their families.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If they have land they
can purchase seed; if not, the seed will be or
no use to them. .
Mr. INGERSOLL. Upon reflection, I fear
the amendment I have offered may delay the
joint resolution so as to kill it for lack of tune
in the Senate. And as the main object is to
supply seed to those who are destitute, I will
withdraw my amendment. I now call the pre-
vious question on the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered to
a third reading, and read a third time.
Mr FAliNSWORTH (at five o'clock and
forty minutes p. m.) I move that the House
^Onrtie motion there were—ayes 23, noes 60.
So the1 motion was not agreed to.
The question recurring on the passage of
*Vr.'EGGLESTON called for the yeas and
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider tfie
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, announced that the Sen-
ate had passed without amendment# a joint
resolution of the House in relation to the iron-
clad monitor Camanche.
testimony in impeachment investigation.
Mr. BOTJTWELL. I move that the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, whenever they may
report the testimony in the matter of the im-
peachment of the President, have leave to
report it in print, if they shall so decide.
There was no objection, and leave was
granted.
And then, on motion of Mr. HOLMAN, (at
five o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c„ were presented under
the rule, and referred to tiio appropriate committees:
By Mr. CAKE: The petition of Ilenry T. Boner
and others, citizens of Schuylkill county, Pennsyl-
vania, setting forth the prostrate condition of the
coal trade of Pennsylvania, and praying Congress to
take early action upon tho tariff question.
By Mr. COBURN: A memorial from J. J. Fiddick
and others, members of the Grand Army of tho ltc-
public, at Danville, Indiana, asking an increase ot
bounties.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, March 30, 18R7.
Prayer by Rev. E. II. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, and
by unanimous consent, the reading of tho Jour-
nal of yesterday was dispensed with.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheiison, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the amend-
ment of the Senate to the resolution of the
House relative to the adjournment of Congress;
and that the House had passed the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 51) authorizing tho transfer
of certain funds and providing for the purchase
of seeds and their distribution in the southern
States.
capitol watchmen.
nays
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The joint resolution was passed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There is on the
table a bill which it is necessary to pass to
pcrfect the police regulations of the Capitol,
according to the recent law passed by ^both
branches. I move that House bill No. 79 be
taken up. „ , , , ,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest that we had
better go through the morning business, pre-
senting reports, resolutions, &c. 1 have a
resolution or two to offer and a report to make.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This bill had better be
passed first. It will have to go back to the
House of Representatives.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will not object to the
taking up of this particular bill under the cir-
cumstances.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (ti.
R. No. 79) to authorize the appointment ot
certain watchmen, and for other purposes, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that the eight watchm en on the
dome of the Capitol, at the congressional
stables, the gate-keeper, and watchmen of the
grounds surrounding the Capitol, be hereafter
appointed by the Sergeant-at-Arms of the Sen-
ate and the Sergeant-at-Arms of the House.
These are also to appoint three additional
watchmen, one/for each of tho eastern porfi-
Tos and the carriage-ways under the same.
Paph watchman so appointed is to receive an
^nualT compensation of $1,000, payablei on
the order of the Sergeant-at-Arms of th| Sen-
ate and the Sergeant-at-Arms of the House,
or either of them, and the amount of money
necessary to pay these watchmen from the
date of their appointment until the end of the
present fiscal year is appropriated; and for
their compensation for the fiscal jrear ending
June 30, 1868, $11,000 is appropriated. For
the compensation of an additional lieutenant
and private of the Capitol police, authorized
to be appointed by the Presiding Officers of
the two Houses of Congress, from the date of
their appointment until the close of the pres-
ent fiscal year, at the rate paid others of the
.same grade, so much money as may be neces-
sary is appropriated; and for the fiscal year
ending the 30th June, 1868, $3,300 is.appro-
priated.
The Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate and the
Sergeant-at-Arms of the House are further
authorized to select a pattern for a uniform for
the Capitol police and watchmen, and furnish
to each member of the force two suits per year,
at a cost not to exceed fifty dollars per suit,
and also to furnish the force with the neces-
sary belts, arms, &c., at a cost not to exceed
twenty dollars per man; and the amount ot
money necessary to carry this provision into
effect is appropriated, payable upon the certifi-
cate of the officers above named. One-half of
tho moneys hereinbefore appropriated are to
be paid into the contingent fund of the Senate,
and the other half into the contingent fund of
the House of Representatives.
Tho second section makes it the duty of the
Sergeants-at-Arms of the two Houses to take
charge of the Capitol building, protcct it from
defacement, &c., aud authorizes them to cause
the arrest of persons guilty of improper con-
duct within tho building or on the grounds
surrounding it.
Section three repeals all inconsistent laws.
Mr. CONKLING. I offer an amendment,,
to come in after section two as an additional
section:
And bo it further enacted. That all roonoys appro-
priated for the Washington aqueduct, and for tho
other public woiks oi the District ot Columbia, shall
ho expended under the direction of the Secretary ot
War.
I offer this amendment to carry out the
intention of the two Houses in reference to
the expenditure of this money. It was stated
the other day that it would be expended under
the direction of the War Department; but it
turns out, upon investigation, that although it
is to be expended under the direction of the
chief Engineer of the Army, the statutes, as
they stand, leave the matter within the con-
trol entirely of the Interior Department, so
that the effect is to transfer the chief Engineer
as an officer of the War Department, and make
liiui a subordinate of the Department of the
Interior, or, as the head of one of the Depart-
ments expressed it to me, to make him a book-
keeper of the Interior Department. He is an
officer who, for reasons which I might state if
it were Worth while to consume^time in doing
so, cannot be spared from his functions, which
are constant and important at the War Depart-
ment, and if this expenditure is to be made
under his direction the money should be paid
upon tho requisition of that Department, and
the power to control it should be where the
responsibility is. That was the design. That
was the understanding of the honorable Sen-
ator from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan,] who said^he
other day that it would be expended under the
•authority and supervision of the War Depart-
ment. As it stands now it leads to contusion;
an officer of the War Department is made really
subject to the control of the Interior Depart-
ment, and becomes a disbursing officer there.
I have a letter, which I need not-read, and 1
have facts in regard to it which I will state it
there is any doubt about the proposition.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not see any
objection to it."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. Tho amendment was ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was reatf'the third time, and passed.
t. hyatt's patent.
Mr. CONNESS submitted the following res-
