456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
. olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to report to the Senate copies of all papers
connected with the extension of patent to Thaddeus
Hyatt by the Commissioner of Patents November
4,1s59.
return of duties.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
submit an amendment to the bill (8. No.. 76)
providing for abatement of duties on mer-
chandise damaged on the voyage of importa-
tion, that it may be printed so as to be on the
files whenever the bill shall come up for con-
sideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be received informally, and ordered
to be printed.
union pacific railroad.
Mr. HOWARD. I offer" a resolution, and
ask for its present consideration :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
requested to transmit to tho Senato a copy of the
report of the Government directors of the Union
Paciflo Railroad Company, made during the last
year, and that the same be printed when received.
It is quite a short document, and the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad need it very
much.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
soldiers' and sailors' oepiian home.
Mr. CORBETT. I move to take up the bill
(S. No. 122) for the support in part of the
National Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphan Home
in the District of Columbia. There is no
more important business to do. It will take
but a moment.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to appropriate $5,000 for the support
in part of the National Soldiers' and Sailors'
Orphan Home, in the District of Columbia,
organized under an act of the 25th of July,
I860, amended by the act of the 22d of Feb-
ruary, 1867, to bo expended under tho direc-
tion of the officers of the institution.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to^be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
extension of session.
Mr. SATJLSBURY. I offer the following
resolution:
Resolved by the Senate, (the IIousc of Representa-
tives concurring,) That the tirao for the adjournment
of the two Houses bo extended until three o'clock
p. in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope there will be no
objection. I understand that the resolution is
offered at the instance of the friends of the
deceased colleague of the Senator from Dela-
ware. *
Mr. EDMUNDS. If it is offered with the
understanding that we shall close our legisla-
tive labors at the proper time, I have no objec-
tion ; but I object to extending the session for
the purpose of going on with legislation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator object to the consideration of the reso-
lution?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will simply state 
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No obj# 
tion being made, the question is on agreeing
to the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to make a state-
ment. I have reason to believe that imme-
diately after the close of our legislative session
there will be a called session of the Senate for
the consideration of executive business. I do
not know what influence that may have on the
action of the Senate on continuing its legisla-
tive term, but I make the statement.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator object to the consideration of the reso-
lution,
Mr. SUMNER. I do not.
_ Mr. FESSENDBN. Befoxe the resolution
is taken up, I wish to inquire of Senators what
effect th<jy think it will have on the resolu-
tion we have passed to adjourn at twelve
o'clock to-day ? Will it affect the resolution
we have passed, or will it provide for the same
adjournment for which that provided, at three
o'clock instead of at twelve o'clock?
Mr. DAVIS. Permit me to make a word
of explanation. The deceased Senator,from
Delaware was my messmate, and I am acting
in concert with his surviving colleague and at
the instance of his family. We desire that the
session- shall be protracted from twelve to
three o'clock, and that precisely at twelve
o'clock the ordinary notice of the death of
Senator Riddle shall be taken in the Senate,
and shall be sent for concurrence to the House,
and that the Senate then shall adjourn, as it
would have adjourned, at twelve o'clock if
there had been no such proceedings.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not think this
resoluti'on will alter the original resolution of
adjournment except as to the time, but an"
amendment can easily be added to obviate, any
difficulty on that point.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I would suggest
that this resolution read, " that the concurrent
resolution of the two Houses be amended by
substituting three o'clock p. m. for twelve
o'clock m., where those words first occur in
said resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That reso-
lution is not now before us, and I hardly see
how it can be amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I apprehend that there
can be no difficulty about this. It isjjroposed
toextend the session to three o'elockinstead of
twelve o'clock, of course under the same terms
and conditions that the resolution relative to i
adjournment at twelve o'clock provided; but j
if anybody has any doubt on that point, the i
words '' under the same terms and conditions ,
as the two Houses have agreed upon" can be
added. Certainly no one wishes to adjourn
abruptly on an occasion like this.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I modify the resolution
so as to read:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives coneuning,) That the time of adjournment of
the two Houses bo extended until thveeo'elock p.m.,
subject to the provisions of the resolution fixing the
timo for the adjournment of Congress, already passed
by tho two Houses.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that this resolu-
tion be laid aside for a few moments. I think
there had better be a little further conference
about it.
The motion was agreed to.
baltimore and ohio railroad.
Mr. CAMERON. I move to take up the
resolution which I offered yesterday, making an
inquiry of the War Department.
The motiou was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the resolution yesterday
submitted by Mr. Cameron : ,
Resolved, That tho Secretary of War be, and ho is
hereby, directed to inform the Senate what amount
of money has been paid by the United States to the
Baltimoreand Ohio Railroad Company fortransport-
ation during the war, what rates were paid to that
railroad for such service, whether the compensation
paid was greater than that allowed to other railroads
lor the performance of like services, and if so, why
such higher rates were so paid to the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad; also, what amount of money is still
elaimcd by the Baltimore and Otiio Railroad Com-
pany as duo that company by the United States, and
for what services such balance, if any, is so claimed,
together with the amount due the United States by
the said Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company for
the use-of engines, cars, &c., furnished by the Gov-
ernment to that company during the war, and whether
any claim has been made by the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company for damages to their road by rea-
son of military operations, whether anymoncys have
been paid them on account of suoh damages, and
what amount, if any, has been so paid by the United
States.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to amend the res-
olution by adding to it:
And the Secretary is also directed to furnish in-
formation of like kind in relation to the Northern
Central and the Pennsylvania Railroad companies
respectively.
Mr. CAMERON. I accept that amendment
as a modification of my resolution.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
executive nominations."
Mr. SHERMAN. By the thirty-seventh rule
of the Senate, "nominations neither approved
norrejected duringthe sessionat which they are
made shall not be acted upon atany succeeding
session without being again made by the Pres-
ident." As we are to have an executive ses-
sion immediately following this legislative ses-
sion, I move to suspend for this session the
clause of the thirty-seventh rule which I have
read, and that the nominations be proceeded
with at the next, executive session of the Sen-
ate as if no adjournment had taken place.
The motion was agreed to.
suspension or joint rules.
Mr. EDMUNDS submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered and agreed to :
Resolved by the Senate, (the Ilouse of Representa-
tives concurring,) That the sixteenth and seven-
teenth joint rules of the two Houses be suspended for
the residue of the session.
message er03i the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 35) to authorize the Commanding
Generalof the Army to permit traders to remain
at certain military posts.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled joint
resolution (S. R. No. 51) authorizing the trans-
fer of certain funds and providing for the pur-
chase of seeds and their distribution in the
southern States ; and the enrolled joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 51) relative to the iron-clad
monitor Comanche ; and they were signed by
the President pro tempore.
c03imittee on ordnance.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the con-
current resolution of the Ilouse of Represent-
atives proposing an additional joint rule to
provide for the appointment of a joint com-
mittee on ordnance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. The resolution need not be
read. The Committee on Military Affairs pro-
pose to amend it by striking out all after the
word "That" and inserting :
A joint committee of six, consisting of three Sen-
ators and three members of the House of Represent-
atives, be appointed to investigate the purchases,
contracts, and experiments of the ordnance depart-
ment, and that the said committee be authorized to
amploy a clerk and a stenographer, and that the
committee have power to send for persons and papers,
and that they have leave to report at any time.
I will simply say that the House of Repre-
sentatives asked for the appointment of a joint
standing committee. 'It was on reflection
thought best not to have such a standing com-
mittee, as it would bring here everybody pro- '
posing to sell different kinds of arms, &c., but
to have a special committee to make a thor-
ough investigation; and I will say that I think
one member should be appointed from the
Committee on Military Affairs, one from the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and one from
the other members of the Senate, and I will
say in no event can I consent to serve on this
special committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It has probably escaped
the attention of my friend from Massachusetts
that since the House sent us this proposition
they have adopted a resolution of their own
sending this same inquiry to the joint select
Committee on Retrenchment, and the mem-
bers of the House who initiated this ordnance
inquiry are^ members of that committee, and
that committee in sub-dividing its labor has
given this branch of inquiry to those members
of the House who were specially interested in
it, and I suppose they have commenced their
labor. Now, then, it appears tome to be, to say
the least of it, useless to have two committees
pursuing precisely the same course of inquiry,
two joint select committees doing exactly the
same thing, one under the order of the House
of Representatives and another under the order
of the two Houses. I should hope, therefore,
that this amendment would not be adopted,
and that the resolution would be laid aside.
Of course if there is any want of confidence
