460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
will of a single man and removed to some
other location, and the Government burdened
with a vast charge for it; but before they shall
be removed a treaty shall be made, or author-
. ity derived from Congress for their removal.
It puts a check upon the present practice. I
hope that gentlemen who are anxious, as we
all are, to prevent wrong practices which have
existed in the Indian country, will join with
me in putting this bill upon its passage. I
believe it will save hundreds of thousands of
dollars to the Treasury, and at the same time
be a vast benefit to the country and the In-
dians, too.
Mr. BURLEIGH. Will the gentleman yield
to me?
Mr. WINDOM. For how long?
Mr. BURLEIGH. For ten minutes.
Mr. WINDOM. I willyield for five minutes.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I believe this resolution
is not what it purports to be upon its face. Its
object is not to prevent the expenditure of large
sums of money for the removal of Indians, but
it was got up in this city in the interest of cer-
tain men who desire to obtain or to continue
contracts for the supply not of Indians gener-
ally, but of Indians guilty of massacres in Min-
nesota and removed to Dakota Territory, and
without authority of law located near our set-
tlements, by which the Territory has been very
much injured and individuals there have sus-
tained very great losses. Now, all that I ask
is that this matter may be so handled that the
truth may be developed here, and that members
here may understand exactly what is designed
by this resolution, which has been got up in the
Senate and sent over here to be carried through
this House in some way or other.
Now, I am not going to allude to the differ-
ent means whicli have been resorted to to carry
this measure through here; but it involves an
act of transcendent injustice to the people of
Dakota, an act which will have a tendency to
injure them immeasurably and to jeopardize
their lives and property. If it shall be carried
out it will depopulate that Territory. These
Indians are those who were driven from Min-
nesota by the gentleman [Mr. Wisdom] and
his associates. These Indians were driven into
Dakota Territory, arid located one hundred and
fifty miles above the capital of the Territory by
authority of an act of Congress, at an expense
of $150,000. Then, without authority of law,
they were brought down to within twenty-five
miles of the capital, red-handed as they were
with the blood of the people of Minnesota and
the people of Dakota; and now they are sought
to be kept there by this joint resolution, which
was gotten up under the threats of certain men
from Nebraska, and which is now attempted to
be forced through here by threats of members
of this House.
Now,'I potest against the passage of this
joint resolution as against the interests of my
constituents, and as I have been directed tSj
do by a joint resolution of the Legislature of
Dakota, passed unanimously; I protest against
it, because the thing is covered up with fraud
and falsehood, and members here do not un-
derstand it. I had hoped I would have had
time to speak at length upon this subject. But
it is brought in here at the very close of the
session, and there is no chance to discuss it
properly. But allow me to say, Mr. Speaker,
that this land was opened to settlement by the
Government. The people of this country were
invited there to establish their homes, and they
went there from every State of this Union.
After this has been done, after the Govern-
ment has taken the money which these people
have paid for their lands, the Government pro-
poses to settle down in their midst a tribe of
hostile Indians whose hands are reeking with
the blood of more than a thousand innocent
men, women, and children of Minnesota. And
this is the measure which the gentleman from
Minnesota undertakes to cover up.
I will not occupy the time of the House fur-
ther than to express the hope that the House
will not pass the bill at this time. If the gen-
tleman so desires, let it be brought up at
another time, when there will be more oppor-
tunity for its examination and discussion** I
will move that it be referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs when appointed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
make that motion without the consent of the
gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Windom,]
who holds the floor.
Mr. WINDOM. I do not yield for th'at
motion.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Dakota
[Mr. Burleiim] has very kindly informed the
House that there is something in this bill which
is not understood; that there is a design to
"cover up" something. In regard to the In-
dian service, no man perhaps understands bet-
ter how to "cover up" than the gentleman
from Dakota. So far as I am concerned 1
have no concealment whatever on this question.
This bill is not designed to apply solely to those
Indians to whom the gentleman has referred,
although it is intended to embrace that tribe
among others. The gentleman tells us that
this bill is an outrage, a transcendent injustice
to Dakota Territory. _ As the gentleman has
talked about "covering up," I will disclose
the secret of the opposition which comes from
Dakota to this proposition. Four fifths of that
Territory is worthless for anything on earth
except to starve Indians upon. Certain men
in Dakota desire to gather all the Indians they
can into that Territory. That is the secret
which I did "cover up" before, because I did
not care to expose the gentleman. That is the
only "covering up" I have done, because I
did not want to make this personal allusion.
All the Indians who can be brought into Dakota
Territory will only add so much to the patron-
age there. These Indians are not now in Da-
kota. The gentleman, who I believe is to-day
Andrew Johnson's chief fugleman here, has
been figuring with him and the Secretary of the
Interior to have these terrible Indians, who he
claims have committed so many outrages, trans-
ferred from the Territory of Nebraska to the
Territory of Dakota, simply for the reason I
have mentioned. Very fearful, indeed, he must
be of these Indians. Now, sir, I ask that this
thing may be prevented. I ask that we may
keep the control of this question.
BILLS I31SCOMJ5 LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Moore, his Private Secretary,
announced that the President had approved
and signed joint resolutions and bills of the
following titles:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 39) in reference
to the payment of the salaries of members of
Congress;
Joint resolution (H. B. No. 47) to amend
an act entitled "An act to provide increased
revenue from imported wool, and for other
purposes;"  
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 3<7) to authorize
the Secretary of War to build dredge-boats for
use at the mouth of the Mississippi river;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 50) to furnish
transportation of provisions to the destitute in
the South;
- Joint resolution (H. R. No. 20) authorizing
the Second Auditor to settle the accounts of
officers of the Army in certain cases ;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 21) relative to
the issue of agricultural college scrip to the
States lately in rebellion ;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 11) suspending
all proceedings in relation to the payment for
slaves drafted or received as volunteers in the
military service of the United States;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 8) directing the
Secretary of the Interior to suspend the exe-
cution of a law passed by the Thirty-Ninth
Congress:for the relief of the heirs of John E.
Bouligny;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 41) providing
for the necessary survey for a ship-canal around
the falls of the Ohio river for military, naval
and commercial purposes ;
An act (H. R. No. 101) for the relief of John
Perry; and
An act (H. R. No. 28) to increase the force
in the Patent Office.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forhet,
its Secretary, informed the House that that
body had passed a bill of the House No. 79, to
authorize the appointment of certain watch-
men, and for other purposes, without amend-
ment ; also, that it had passed a bill of the
Senate No. 122, for the support in part of the
National Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphan Home
in the District; in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House.
It further informed the House that the Sen-
ate had adopted a concurrent resolution that
the sixteenth and seventeenth joint rules of the
two Houses be suspended for the residue of the
session.
SUSPENSION OF JOINT RULES.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the Senate resolution for the suspension of the
sixteenth and seventeenth joint rules of the two
Houses for the residue of the session will be
taken up.
There was no objection, and the resolution
was taken up and concurred in.
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. BOUTWELL, by unanimous consent,
moved thatthe Committee on the Union Pacific
Railroad have leave to sit during the recess to
take testimony and to send for persons and
papers.
The motion was agreed to.
WAIT TALCOTT.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a joint resolution in relation
to the claim of Wait Talcott; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was referred; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REMOVAL OF INDIAN TRIBES AGAIN.
Mr. DONNELLY. _ Mr. Speaker, I hope
this bill will pass, for it is one which concerns
the people of my State very nearly ; otherwise
I would not now trespass upon the time of the
House. In 1862 the Sioux Indians of Minne-
sota rose against the people of that State and
slaughtered over seven hundred men, women,
and children. Those Indians were then re-
moved outside the limits of Minnesota, and I
understand the effort is being made to bring
them back again near our western borders.
Against this we naturally most earnestly pro-
test.
Mr. BURLEIGH rose.
Mr. DONNELLY. I decline to be inter-
rupted, as I have but a few minutes. Now, to
bring the Indians who committed these mur-
ders back to Minnesota would result disas-
trously, not only to the people of that State,
but would be a serious injury to the Indians
themselves. It would arrest emigration which
is now tending to our western boundary. I
believe it would result in loss of life both to
white men and red men.
Now, sir, this bill merely proposes that these
Indi&ns shall not be removed from their pres-
ent location unless under the supervision and
direction of Congress. We can certainly trust
Congress in this matter; and it is altogether
wrong that the interests of the growing com-
munities on our frontier should be left to the
adjustment either of individuals in the Indian
Office at Washington or of Indian agents on
the frontiers. If there should be any necessity
for the removal of these Indians from Dakota,
then let my friend submit his proposition, let
the matter be discussed, and let Congress de-
cide. I think the bill will prevent action, as I
have already said, injurious to the people of
Minnesota and to the Indians themselves.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I wish to say—and I
hope the gentleman from Minnesota will not
cut me off—that these Indians have been re-
