1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
461
moved from Minnesota and have been located
in close contiguity to the settled portion of
Dakota. I am willing that they shall be re-
moved as far as possible frSrn Minnesota, but
I" am not willing that they shall be located
within four or five miles of where I live. They
have been placed there now, and in conse-
quence my family have been driven from their
liome. 1 will do nothing to endanger the
lives of the people of Minnesota, but I do in-
sist that we should not be forced to retain
these Indians in our midst when their hands
are dyed with the blood of our murdered citi-
zens.
Mr. WINDOM. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. COVODE. I wish to say a word.
Mr. WINDOM. I cannot yield. I would
like to answer myself.
Mr. COVODE. I move to lay the bill on
the table, as there seems to be some mystery
about it.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
31, noes 36; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Covode and Mr. Window.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 42, noes 41.
Mr. WINDOM. I call the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
So the joint resolution was laid on the table.
enrolled joint resolution signed.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled Senate .joint
resolution No. 35, to authorize the Command-
ing General of the Army to permit traders to
remain at certain military posts; when the
Speaker signed the same.
grading the public grounds.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 64, to provide in part for
grading the public grounds, and for other pur-
poses, which had been referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
reported back by unanimous consent.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. This bill
was sent to ns from the Senate, where it was
examined by the Committee on Finance. It
ought to pass.
The bill was read. It appropriates 520,000,
to be expended by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, under the supervision of the architect of
the Capitol extension, in grading, filling up,
removing buildings, and improving the public
grounds and streets around the Capitol, and
provides that all the repairs and alterations of
the Capitol building shall be made under the
direction and supervision of the architect of
the Capitol extension.
Mr. HOLM AN. This is an appropriation
bill, and I raise the point of order that it should
be referred to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
to suspend the rules for the purpose of consid-
ering it in the House.
On the motion to suspend the rules, there
were—ayes fifty-six. *
Mr. WINDOM demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Windom and Stevens, of
Pennsylvania.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes sixty-six, noes not counted.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I call
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the oper-
ation thereof the bill was read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
capitol watchmen.
The next business on the Speaker'stable was
the consideration of the amendment of the
Seriate to House bill No. 79, to authorize the
appointment of certain watchmen, and for
other purposes.
The amendment of the Senate was to add
the following Section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That all moneys
appropriated for the Washington aqueduct and for
other public works of the District ot Columbia shall
bo expended under the direction of the Secretary of
War.
Mr.WOODBEIDGE. ImovethattheHouse
concur in the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. WINDOM moved to lay the bill and
amendment on the table, but afterward with-
drew it.
Mr. HOLMAN renewed the motion, but
afterward withdrew it.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was concurred
in ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. ■
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (S. No. 86) to extend to the State
of Nebraska the provisions of an act relating
to agricultural colleges, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a concurrent resolution that
a joint committee be appointed, consisting of
three members of the Senate and five members
of the House, to attend the remains of Hon.
George Read Riddle, late a member of the
Senate, to his home; in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the concurrent resolution
of the House, relative to an addition to the
joint rules of the two Houses, with an amend-
ment, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a joint resolution of the
House No. 22, authorizing the payment of
Rev. C. B. Boykton, as Chaplain of the House
of Representatives of the Fortieth Congress,
with an amendment, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested.
west point military academy.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a resolution for consideration at
this time.
Mr. WINDOM. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. Let it be read; the gen-
tleman will not object to it then.
Mr. WINDOM. I object to its reading; it
is not before the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to suspend the
rules in order to submit the resolution.
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules is not in order pending the consideration
of business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to suspend for the
present the further execution of the order to
proceed to the consideration of business upon
the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move to suspend
the rules, in order that I may submit the fol-
lowing resolution for consideration at this
time :
Resolved, That the members of the Military Com-
mittee of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, who are re-
elected to the Fortieth Congress, be instructed to
prosecute during the recess the investigation into the
management of th© West Point Military Academy
which wm ordered at the late session, aiid
failed to be performed for lack of time; anu that said
committee have power to employ a clerk at the same
rate as is usually paid to the clerk of tne Military
Committee.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It.seems to me the
committee might as well be appointed at once.
Mr. ROSS. I move that the resolution be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
when appointed. .
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not be-
fore the House. The question is upon the
motion to suspend the rules ? in order that the
resolution maybe introduced for consideration
at this time.
The question was taken j and upon a division,
there were—ayes 37, rmim 47.
So (two thirds not voting.in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended. t
The House then resumed the consideration
of business upon the Speaker's table.
death of senator riddle.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was the following concurrent resolution of the
Senate:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That a joint committee be ap-
pointed. consisting of three members of the Senate
and fivo id embers of tho House, to attend the remains
of Hon. Geokgb Read Riddle, lato a member of tho
Senate, to his home.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the res-
olution be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to..
The SPEAKER subsequently announced the
following members as the committee on the
part of the House: John F. Faunstvokth of
Illinois, John A. Nicholson of Delaware,
Adam J. Glossbrenner of Pennsylvania,
Miciiael C. Keiiu of Indiana, and Jacob
Benton of New Hampshire.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would ask the
Chair to place first on the committee the gen-
tleman from Delaware, [Mr. Nicholson.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair appointed the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsavorth]
first on the committee bccause he moved a con-
currence in the resolution of the Senate. But
at his request the Chair will appoint the gen-
tleman from Delaware first on the committee.
purchase of ordnance, etc.
The next business on the • Speaker's table
was an amendment of the Senate to the con-
current resolution of the House proposing an
amendment to the joint rules of the two Houses.
The amendment was to strike out all after
the concurring clause and insert in lieu thereof
the following:
That a joint committee of six, consisting of three
Senators and three members of the House of Rep-
resentatives, bo appointed to investigate tho pur-
chases, contrasts, and experiments of the ordnance
department, and that the said committee be author-
ized to employ a clerk and stenographer; that tho
committee have power to send for persons and
papers, and that they have leave to report at any
time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the amend-
ment of the Senate be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER subsequently announced the
following as the committee on the part of tho
House: Robert C. Schenck of Ohio, John A.
Logan of Illinois, and Benjamin F. Butler of
Massachusetts.
pay op rev. c. b. boynton.
The next business on the Speaker's table
were the amendments of the Senate to House
joint resolution No. 22, to authorize the pay-
ment of Rev. C. B. BorxmN as Chaplain of
the House of Representatives of the Fortieth
Congress.
The amendments of the Senate were as fol-
lows :
After tho word "appropriated" in line two insert
the words " by an actentitled 'An act making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the fiscal year ending
June 30,1866."'
Also, strike out all after the word Congress m
line three to the end of the joint resolution, being as
follows:
And that a sum sufficient to pay him the usual
salary for the.present fiscal year be, and the same is
hereby, appropriated out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. GARFIELD. Let the joint resolution
be read as it will read if amended.
The joint resolution, as amended, was read at
length. It authorizes Rev. Charles B. Boyn-
ton to draw the amount appropriated by an act
entitled "An act making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending 30th
June, 1868," for the Chaplain of the House of
Representatives.
