462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,,
Mr. GARFIELD. I move the amendments
of the Senate be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD Moved to reeonsider the
vote by which the amendments of the Senate
were concurred in; and also moved that the-
motion to reconsider be laid on the table:
The latter motion was agreed to.
DIRKCT TAX SALES IN SOOTH CAROLINA.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 79, to confirm certain sales
made by the direct tax commissioners for South
Carolina to persons in the Army, Navy, or
Marine corps, and for other purposes; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. ROSS. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee of Claims when appointed.
The motion was agreed to.
transportation of troops by isthmus.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 53, relating to
the transportation of troops by the Isthmus
routes to the Pacific States and Territories;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask that this joint
resolution be put on its passage now.
Mr. BROOKS, i would inquire of the gen-
tleman what is the object of the bill?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let the bill be read.
The bill was read at length. It provides
(hat hereafter, whenever it shall be necessary
to transport troops to the Pacific States or
Territories, or to bring troops therefrom, the
Secretary of War shall, for one week or more
before ordering the same to be done, advertise
in at least one newspaper at New York or at
San Francisco, as the case may be, for such
transportation ; and he shall contract with
such person or persons as shall give sufficient
security for the most rapid and safe conveyance
of said troops and at the lowest cost to the
Government, the Secretary being at liberty to
reject all bids if he shall believe the public
interest will be promoted thereby.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The circumstances
that gave rise to this joint resolution I sup-
pose are well known to members. Not long
since some troops being sent across the Isth-
mus by the Nicaraguan route were delayed
and the cholera broke out among them, and
some thirty or forty soldiers and two officers^
fell victims to that disease. This joint resolu-*
tion is to enable the Secretary of War to take
measures against any such delay in the future.
Mr. BROOKS. Suppose an emergency
should arise when a week cannot be taken to
advertise for proposals for transportation, a
telegram is received in the morning for troops
to leave that day ; what would be done .in
that ease'?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, Mr. Speaker,
I suppose they might provide for that emer-
gency under the war power. I do not, how-
ever, apprehend that there will arise very soon
any such emergency requiring the immediate
transportation of troops from the Atlantic to
the Pacific or vice versa. I think the bill is a
very good one.
Mr. BROOKS. I dare say the bill may be
all right; but we do not know anything about
it. I think it ought to be referred. I move
that it be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs when appointed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will yield for that
motion. I am willing that the sense of the
House shall be taken upon it. I call the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; which was first upon
the motion of Mr. Brooks, that the joint reso-
lution be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs when appointed.
On the motion there were—ayes 41, noes 44.
Mr. BROOKS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs Farns-
worth and Brooks were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes forty-two.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not insist upon
a further count.
So the motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution was ordered to _ be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs when appointed.
soldiers* and sailors' orphan home.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 122) entitled "An act for
the support in part of the National Soldiers'
and Sailors' Orphan Home in the District of
Columbia ;'' which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. CULLOM. I hope that this bill will be
put upon its passage.
The bill, which was read, proposes to ap- j
propriate $5,000 for the support of the Sol- i
diers' and Sailors' Orphan Home in the Dis- 1
trict of Columbia, organized under an act of
July 25, 1866, and an amendatory act of Feb-
ruary 22, 1867; the money to be expended
under the direction of the officers of the insti-
tution.
Mr. CULLOM. I call for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CULLOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found truly en-
rolled bills of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 79) to authorize the ap-
pointment of certain watchmen, and for other
purposes;
An act (S. No. 64) to provide in part for
grading the public grounds, and for other pur-
poses; and
An act (S. No. 114) amendatory of the or-
ganic act of Colorado Territory.
agricultural colleges in nebraska.
The last business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 86) entitled "An act extending to
the State of Nebraska the provisions of an act
relating to agricultural colleges;" which was
read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
grant made by the law of July 2, 1862, to each
State of land equal to thirty thousand acres for
each of its Senators and Representativesin Con-
gress, for the purpose of establishing agricul-
tural colleges, be extended to the State of Ne-
braska in the same manner as if Nebraska had
been a State of the Union at the date of the
passage of the law.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
paper for congressional printing.
Mr. LAFLIN. I ask unanimous consent to
offer a resolution, to which I think there can
be no objection. If there should be, I will
move that the rules be suspended to allow its
introduction.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the report of the Congressional
Printer upon the purchases of paper be taken from
the Speaker's table and referred to the Committee
on Printing, with power to investigate the same, to
send for persons and papers, aud to sit during the
roeess.
Mr. HOLMAN.* I trust the last clause of
that resolution will be stricken out. Other-
wise, it is unexceptionable. Authorizing the
committee to sit duringthe vacation is unneces-
sary.
Mr. LAFLIN. It is necessary in order that
the §100,000 held back from the contractors
for paper may b,e paid. It is agreeable to the
late Superintendent of Public Printing. It is
his particular wish that this investigation should
take place.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe the same investi-
gation has been set on foot at the other end
of the Capitol.
Mr. LAFLIN. It was reported to this House,
and has nothing to do with the other end of
the Capitol.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Is there any committee
that has not authority to sil during the recess?
I think there is not, and this committee would
be lonesome unless this authority is granted to
them.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Mile-
age has not authority to sit during the recess.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. We have
five minutes left, and I think that is sufficient
for the committee. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOLMAN. The rules have not yet
been suspended.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that this committee is now authorized to sit
during the recess. By the concurrent resolu-
tion of the two Houses this session of the
Fortieth Congress continues to the firstWednes-
day in July next, at which time, unless a quo-
rum appears, there is to be an adjournment
sine d>iC'
Mr. LAFLIN. Under that decision of the
Chair I am willing to accept the modification -
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
enrolled joint resolution signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled
House joint resolution No. 22, to authorize
the payment of Rev. C. B. Boynton as Chap-
lain of the House of Representatives of the
Fortieth Congress; when the Speaker signed
the same.
new post routes.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to establish certain post routes;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill establishes post routes from ICenne-
bunk to Cape Neddick, and from Biddeford
to Saco Pool, in the State of Maine.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
message ¥i;0il tiie president.
A message was received from the President
of the United States, by Mr. Moore, one of
his Clerks, notifying, the House that he had
this day approved and signed the following
joint resolutions:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 51) relative to
the iron-clad monitor Comanche ; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 7) providing
for the expenses of carrying into full effect an
act entitled "An act to provide for the more
efficient government of the rebel States."
latter joint resolution was accompanied
with the following message :
To the House of Representatives:
In giving my approval to the joint resolution
providing for the expenses of carrying into
full effect an act entitled "An act to provide
for the more efficient government of the rebel
States," I am moved to do so for the following
reason: the seventh section of the act sup-
plementary to the act for the more efficient
government of the rebel States provides 'that
the expenses incurred under or by virtue of
that act shall be paid out of any moneys in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
This provision is wholly unlimited as to the
amount to be expended, whereas the resolu-
tion now before me limits the_ appropriation
to $500,000. I consider this limitation as a
very necessary check against unlimited ex-
penditure and liabilities. Yielding to that
consideration, I feel bound to approve this
resolution without modifying in any manner
