464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3,
called to ascertain whether we have a quorum
present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Clerk
will proceed to call the roll of the Senate ac-
cording to the resolution, and the Senators
■will answer to their names as called.
The Chief Clerk thereupon proceeded to call
the roll; and the following Senators answered
to their names:
Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cameron, Cattell,
Chandler, Conkling.Cragin, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry,
Fessenden, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Harlan,
Henderson, Howard, Howe, Morgan, Morrill of
Maine, Nye,Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Ram
sey; Ross, Spritgue, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Tram
bull, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Wilson, and
Yates—35.
The following Senators were absent:
Messrs. Bayard, Cole, Conness, Corbett, Davis,
Dixon, Doolittlc, Guthrie, Hendricks, Johnson, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Morton, Norton, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Saulsbury, Sherman, Stewart, and Wil-
liams—18.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thirty-five
Senators having answered to their names, a
quorum is present. The first business in order
will be to inform the House of Representatives
that a quorum of the Senate lias assembled.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that a committee
be appointed for that purpose.
Mr. EDMONDS. The usual practice is for
the Secretary to do that.
Mr. ANTHONY. The resolution of ad-
journment requires'that to be done by the pre-
siding officers. It does not require any motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sec-
retary willinform the House of Representatives
that a quorum of the Senate is present.
Mr. HOWARD. I will inquire whether a
resolution would be in order at this moment?
Mr. SUMNER. Petitions and reports are
first in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We are not yet organ-
ized.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask whether it would be
proper to proceed to the transaction of any
business or to entertain even a petition or res-
olution before we have received a message from
the House of Representatives announcing that
they have a quorum present?
The PRESIDEN1 pro tempore. I suppose
not. I suppose that that is the first thing to be
done. There will be no Congress unless there
is a quorum of the House also.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Lest the protest of the
Senator from Massachusetts should by silence
be supposed by some to be acquiesced in, I
wish to state that I protest against his protest
as utterly out of place. I believe it is compe-
tent for the two Houses under the Constitution
to regulate their own adjournments; and the
Senator might as well have introduced a reso-
lution that the Senate at three or four o'clock
to-day could not adjourn over until to-morrow
because less than a quorum could sit here and
compel the residue of the members to come
in, as to present the proposition that he has, in
my judgment. I do not wish to discuss it, but
merely to enter a protest against any such con-
struction of the Constitution as denies to the
two Houses of Congress the right to regulate
their own adjournments.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, there is an
actual text of the Constitution which even the
learning and ingenuity of my friend from Illi-
nois cannot displace. Here it is in so many
words: ,
"Each House shall be the judge of the elections,
returns, and qualifications of its own membeis, and
a majority of each shall constitute a quorum to do
business; but a smaller number may adjourn from
day to day, and may be authorized to compel the
attendance of absent members in such manner and
under such penalties as each House may provide."
Now, here is a concurrent resolution provid-
ing for a future meeting of Congress. To that
extent it is unquestionably constitutional; but
when the resolution goes forward and imposes
shackles upon the two Houses of Congress
when they shall come together by virtue of
that resolution, then I submit it does what,
under the Constitution, it cannot do; its words
are powerless. Congress, when once assem-
bled by virtue of that resolution, has all the !
powers of a Congress of the United States I
under the Constitution. That resolution can-
not restrain it. Such, at any rate, is my con-
clusion, after the best reflection that 1 have
been able to give to these words of the Con-
stitution ; and I feel it my duty on this occa-
sion to make this protest, to the end that what
we now do may not be drawn into an example
hereafter. It is^ell known that those words
were introduced in order to tie the hands of
the Congress should it come together and
there be no quorum present; in short, to de-
spoil the "Congress then assembled of the pre-
rogative secured to it by the Constitution of
the United States. To that extent I insist that
the resolution hereafter shall be regarded as of
no value, and not be quoted as a precedent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is manifest to my
mind that the constitutional clause to which
the Senator from Massachusetts refers has no
application whatever to a case of this kind. A
smaller number than a majority, or a smaller
number than a quorum, "may be authorized
to compel the attendance of absent members."
How must they be "authorized?" By a ma-
jority, by an act of Congress, or by a resolu-
tion of the body itself. So far from a minority
being authorized, a minority are expressly for-
bidden by this rule to compel the attendance
of members. A minority cannot, against the
voice of the majority, against the regulation of
the majority, compel the attendance of mem-
bers. That is what the Constitution means.
It means that the minority, acting in obedi-
ence to the authority conferred by the majority,
may do it. Now, the majority have notauthor-
ized it. This clause was inserted in the Con-
stitution for the purpose of authorizing a minor-
ity, under a regulation to be prescribed by the
majority, to compel the attendance of a major-
ity. It can only be done in case it is author-
ized. Each House may authorize a minority
in sucli manner and under such penalties as it
thinks proper to compel the attendance of the
others. Now, each House, or rather the Sen-
ate in which we are sitting, has not authorized
the minority to compel the attendance ofabsent
members at this session, but has forbidden it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Congress has
forbidden it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Both Houses have for-
bidden it, and as the greater includes the less
each House has forbidden it. This clause was
inserted for the purpose of enabling a minority
at the time when Congress was first to assem-
ble, under such' directions as might be pre-
scribed by the law-making power or by each
House, to compel the attendance of a quorum.
That is all that it means. I do not know that
the Senate has prescribed the mode by which
this may be done. If it has done so at any
time, the last rule at any rate would obtain,
which is a rule prohibiting the compelling of
the_ attendance of members on the present oc-
casion in case a quorum is not present. But
there is no importance^in this question; a
quorum is here in compliance with the resolu-
tion ; and I only rose to enter my dissent from
this formal protest of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
The following message was received from
the House of Representatives by Mr. McPher-
son, its Clerk:
Mr. President: I am directed to inform the
Senate that the Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives having caused the roll of members
to be called, as provided for in the concurrent
resolution of the two Houses of the 29t,h of
March, it appears that a quorum of the House
of Representatives is present.
NOTIFICATION TO THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to introduce a hill with a
view to reference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to its present introduction?
Mr. ANTHONY. With the assent of the
Senator from Massachusetts, I will offer a
resolution first.
Resolved, That a committee consisting of two mem- I
bers be appointed to join such committee as may be
appointed by the House of Representatives to wait
upon the President of the United States and inform
him that a quorum of each House has assembled, and
that Congress is ready to receive any communication
he may be pleased to make.
The resolution was considered by unani-
mous consent and agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. How shall
the committee be appointed?
Mr. ANTHONY. By the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will
be taken to be the sense of the Senate if there
be no objection, and the Chair will appoint
Mr. Antiioxy and Mr. Buckalew as the com-
mittee on the part of the Senate.
HOUR 01? MEETING.
Mr. ANTHONY. With the assent of the
Senator from Massachusetts, 1 will offer
another resolution:
Ordered, That the hour of the daily meeting of
the Senate be twelve o'clock m., until otherv/ise
ordered.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent and agreed to.
PETITIONS.
Mr. SUMNER. Are not petitions first in
order ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I suppose
they would be in order. It would be more
regular perhaps to have the regular organiza-
tion before we proceed to business. We have
to send a notice to the President, I suppose.
Mr. SUMNER. But I ask the Chair if the
organization is not completed? The commit-
tees are already appointed, as I understand.
The PRESlDENTpro tempore. I suppose
petitions are in order.
Mr. SUAINER. I offer the petition of J. A.
Maxwell, of Mississippi, in which he asks to
be relieved from certain civil disabilities on
account of having been compromised in the
rebellion. He is represented to me by a per-
son who knows him well as having always been
opposed to the rebellion. He held the office
of probate judge of Claiborne county, in Mis-
sissippi, at the time of the rebellion in the
State, and continued to hold it for some time
after that, and did nothing more.
I also offer the petition of W. W. Handlin,
who asks to be relieved from civil disabilities.
He is represented as an attorney-at-law in New
Orleans, where he lived at the breaking out of
the rebellion, to which he was opposed. He
was a member of the local militia and cap-
tain of a company^but never in service. He
is represented as a gentleman, of integrity and
learning, and worthy of relief.
I offer these two petitions, and ask their ref-
erence to the Committee on the Judiciary. In
offering them I desire to say that I express no
opinion myself with regard to the policy of Con-
gress undertaking to provide for special eases,
even as meritorious as I doubt not these are.
It is with me a serious question whether it is
not for the interestof the Union people in those
States that persons, even such a3 these, should
continue under their present disabilities rather
than that Congress should interfere in any way
with that important legislation. I merely make
this remark—I feel it my duty to do it—because
I have been called to present these petitions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The peti-
tions will be received and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, if there be no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. I have got some more
petitions.
Mr.^ FESSENDEN. I desire to interpose
an objection to the reference of these petitions,
and I may as well bring the question up here
now before the Senator offers any more. I do
it for the reason that in my judgment it is not
expedient at the present session to act upon
general business. As we all know, we come
together under very peculiar circumstances,
and probably in the minds of most gentlemen
with reference to a particular question. I
remember that at the called session of the
Twenty-Seventh Congress by General Harrison
there were several propositions made with ref-
