1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB!.
erence to the disposition of business, and I
have been looking at the record this morning
to see what was done. I had an imperfect
recollection with regard to it. I remembered
being on a committee (I believe it was an in-
formal committee) of one from each State {I
was a member of the House at that time) to
advise the House with reference to the business
to be done at that session. In consequence of
the deliberations of that committee'thus raised
by the House, a change of the rule, limited to
the session, was adopted by the House. I have
been looking at it tiiis morning, and it is sub-
stantially this: that to the reception of all pa-
pers upon all subjects not referred to in the
President's message to Congress, with the
single exception of a national bankrupt law, an
objection should be considered as made, and
that they should be laid upon the table without
debate. That rule was adopted by the House,
and it was adhered to. At that session we did
nothing, if I recollect aright, except to discuss
and act upon the subjects referred to in the
message of the President and the bankrupt bill.
Now, sir, we meet here in the month of
July. I presume I cannot be mistaken in say-
ing that it was the general sentiment—there
might have been exceptions, and probably
were—of the members of the House and of
the members of the Senate, when we adopted
the resolution under which we adjourned, that
unless something occurred to render it neces-
sary, in the judgment of members, there prob-
ably would be no quorum, present in either
House at this session. Something has oc-
curred which has excited a general feeling
throughout the country that there ought to be
a session, and that is a single matter which
calls us together. For myself I am not pre-
pared to say that there is anything else which
requires our attention at the present time.
Especially do I deem it not advisable to pro-
ceed to the consideration of general business,
to refer petitions to committees, to introduce
bills and have those referred to committees
and reported upon at this session ; but that all
those matters of general legislation should be
laid upon the table, if presented, for the pres-
ent, at least until the two Houses have had a
little time to deliberate and settle the question
whether or not they will go into the consider-
ation of business of all kinds, and if not, what
particular business they will take up.
I therefore object to the reference of those
petitions presented by the Senator, and I would
move to lay them on the table, but that, I sup-
pose, in the nature of the motion itself, would
preclude other gentlemen from expressing
their opinions on the subject. Perhaps the
opinion of the Senate for the present, for the
day, until we may deliberate further on the
subject and come to some conclusion among
ourselves, may be as well settled upon the
question of the reference of those petitions or
of any bills that may be offered, such as that
offered by my friend on my right, [Mr. Wil-
son,] as in any other way. I therefore make
that objection, having stated the grounds upon
which I make it and the views which I enter-
tain with regard to the propriety of proceeding
in the ordinary way to the reference of bills
and petitions and other matters, until we have
come to some more definite conclusion on the
subject.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, we are a
Congress of the United States assembled under
the Constitution, and with all the powers that
belong to the body under the Constitution; ay,
sir, and with all the responsibilities which be-
long to Congress under the Constitution. We
cannot by an agreement or understanding with
ourselves divest ourselves of our responsibili-
ties. What are they? To transact the public
business, not simply one matter or two mat-
ters, but'the public business in its sum total,
whatever that may be—all that concerns the
welfare of this great Republic. iN ow, the Sen-
ator from Maine limits us to one matter, which
he has only alluded to, but has not undertaken
to characterize. I suppose that I understand
him; but he must know well that even that
40th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 30.
matter to which he refers, as I suppose, has
many ramifications. But why are we to be
restrained to that one matter? I see no rea-
son. There is nothing in the past usage of
this body that should control us in that regard;
nor is there anything in the present necessi-
ties. Looking at the past usage of Congress,
I need not remind you that we have habitually
sat throughout the summer into the month of
August—ay, and on one occasion into the
month of September. It is no new thing that
Congress should be here in July. It is an ex-
ception that Congress is not here in July dur-
ing what is called the long session. There-
fore, in considering public business, even in
these heats, we are only doing what our prede-
cessors before us have done; we are following
the usage of Congress, and not setting up a
new usage of our own. The motion of the
•Senator, if it be a motion, or rather his sug-
gestion, does set up a new usage. It is virtu-
ally to declare that when admonished by the
heats of July we will fold our hands, and will
not even consider public 'business except in
one particular case; that all the other vast
interests of this country will be left, without
any reference to a committee, without any
inquiry, unattended to, neglected. Now, there
are other interests that require attention, and
since Congress is together I submit that we
ought not to fail in that, too.
The Senator from Maine says that when
Congress adjourned it was not supposed that
there would be a session at this time. He
may not have supposed there would be a
session. I never doubted that there would
be a session. I saw full well that the public
interests would require a session of Congress
in the month of July, and I labored to bring it
about, feeling that in so doing I was only dis-
charging a public duty. Why, do you forget
whom you have as President? A constant dis-
turber, a mischief-maker. So long as his
administration continues it is the duty of Con-
gress to be on guard, perpetually on watch
against him as a disturber of the public peace
and the public security; and that must have
been obvious when Congress adjourned, as it is
obvious now. Senators may not have foreseen
precisely what he would do; but I take it that
there.were few Senators who did not foresee
that he would do something that would make
it important for Congress to be present. For
myself I did not doubt then that it would bo
our duty to be here in our placcs in order to
make adequate provision against his misdeeds.
He is President and the head of the executive,
invested with all the power that belongs to'that
department of Government. It is hard, I know,
for you to provide against him; but neverthe-
less you must do it. This Republic is too great,
too vast, and too precious to be left in the
hands of a bad man.
One of the greatest masters in the art of war
tells us as the lesson of his great military expe-
rience that the good general always regards
that as probable which is possible. I know no
better rule for the statesman than to regard
that as probable which is possible. Now, with
a President such as we have, anything in the
nature of disturbance or interference with the
public security is possible through the exercise
of the executive arm. Therefore you are to
regard it as probable and make provision
against it. Sol argued with myself last spring
and was satisfied that it would be our duty to
be in our seats at the coming July. We are
now here, and I now insist that it is pur duty
to go forward and discharge all our duties, with-
out any exception, under the Constitution of
the United States.
Mr: FESSENDEN. Mr. President, the
Senator has laid down two propositions as the
foundation of his remarks with which I do not
feel disposed to differ. One is, that we are in
session as a Congress and have the power to
do all kinds of business. That I agree to.
Another is,that we are acting under the respon-
sibilities of a Congress. That [ agree to. The
question is simply what each Senator will con-
sider to be his responsibility, or rather what
that sense of responsibility will in bis judgment
render it necessary that he should act upm.-:
That is for each Senator to determine for him-
self ; and although we all have not the powers.
of prophecy which my honorable friend from
Massachusetts has, to tell-exactly what ought
to be done always and the way to dorit^yetwa-
each, I suppose, have individual opinions and
are not only ready but able to act upon .those
opinions for ourselves. . .. •
The Senator says this is according to usage..
I beg leave to differ with him. I know the;
business of Congress has led us at the long:
session into the month of July. It did last
year. At the short session never, because the
Congress expires in March, and we never have
had a session under these circumstances before.
It is a new thing, entirely without precedent,
without example; and the Senator can point
me to no precedent. There has been no other
session of Congress in the summer, in the vaca-
tion between the adjournment in March, the
expiration of one Congress, and the meeting
of the next in December, except when a spe-
cial session was called by the President him-
self. So much for the usage.
Now, sir, to show that I am not very much
out of the way, and to fortify myself by the
opinions of others, I refer to the.proceedings
of the Twenty-Seventh Congress. I find that
in the Senate—
" Mr. Clay, of Kentucky, submitted the following,
resolution, which was read:
" Resolved1 as the opinio* of the Senate, That at the
present session of Congress no business ought to bo
transacted but such, as being of on important or
urgent nature, may bo supposed to have influenced
the extraordinary convontion of Congress, or such as
that the postponement of it might bo materially detri-
mental to the public interests.
" Resolved, therefore, as the opinion of the Senate, That
the following subjects ought first, if not exclusively,
to engage the deliberations of Congress at the present
session, namely:
" 1. The repeal of tho sub-Treasury.
"2. The incorporation of a bank adapted to the
wants of the people and of the Government.
"3. 'fihe provision of an adequate revenue for the
Government bj; the imposition of duties, ami includ-
ing an- authority to contract a temporary loan to
cover the public debt created by the last Administra-
tion.
"i. The prospective distribution of tho proceeds of
tho public lands.
"5. The passage of necessary appropriation bills;
and—
"0. Some modification of tho banking system of
thePistriot of Columbia, for the benefit of the people
of the District.
' Hesolved, That it is expedient to distribute tho
business proper to be done at this session between
the Senate and House of Representatives, so as to
avoid both Houses acting on the same subject at the
samo time.'1—Senate Journal, Twenty-Seventh. Con-
stress. First Session, page 24.
That resolution was not acted upon ; it was
displaced by the course adopted by the House
of Representatives. The House adopted, under
the circumstances to which I have referred, a
change of rules. I will now read, so that
there may be no mistake about it, the rule
then adopted:
"Upon the presentation of petitions and other
papers, on subjects not specially referred to the
consideration of the House in the message of the
President at the opening of the preseut extra ses-
sion, objection to the reception shall be considered
as made, and the question of reception shall bo laid
on the table. This rule to be. considered only in
foroe during the present session. Petitions and
other papers for or against a bankrupt law to be
excepted from the operation of this rule. lhe ac-
tion of all committees, on all subjects not specially
referred to the consideration of tho House in tbe
message of the President, shall be suspended during
the present session; this suspension not to apply to
the business before the Committees of Elections, ol
Ways and Moans, of Accounts, and on Mileage, nor,
if the House shall so determine, to thesubjeotof a
general bankrupt.liiw.''—Joiwnal Ifoicee of Mepresent-
atives, Twenty-Seventh Congress, First Session, pagell7.
Now, sir, the proposition that I make is not
one that calls for any definite action at the
present time. I am not wise enough. I am
not enough of a prophet at once to tell what
may be necessary. The only proposition that
I make is that for a daj or two, for a short
period, action referring petitions and referring
bills may be suspended until the members of
^he Senate have an opportunity to consider
what is best to be done at the present session,
and decide definitely upon it. Their conclu-
sion may cover all that the Senator speaks of.
