466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3,
I do not see, however, that his argument with
reference to the President has any relation
whatever to the proposition that I make, if it
may be called a proposition, or rather the sug-
gestion that I make, because if anything of that
sort is necessary it will be included unques-
tionably by the members of the Senate and of
the other House in the conclusion they may
come to or the resolution that they may enter-
tain and adopt fixing what business shall be
done, and excluding that which is not particu-
larly called for by any pressure of the public
interest at the present time.
Why sir, take as an illustration: the Senator
has presented two petitions, and he says that
he has not made up his mind whether any
action ought to be had upon them. Is that the
kind of pressure of public business that he
wants to attend to and regard and respect at
the present time? My own impression I gave,
that we really come together for a special pur-
pose, and when that special purpose is accom-
plished all other business may as well go over
to a period of a year when we can attend to it
without inconvenience and without damage to
ourselves. So far as I have conversed with
gentlemen, and I have conversed with a great
many, I believe it to be the geueral sentiment
and feeling of the country that we should have
as short a session as possible, and do only that
which is absolutely to be done. What that
may include is for the Senate and for the House
of llepresentatives to determine. It may in-
clude all that the honorable Senator suggests,
or it may not. What I ask is simply that the
two bodies havean opportunity, before proceed-
ing to initiate business by the reference of bills,
&c., to consider and decide that question, and
when the majority has decided it I certainly
shall acquiesce in the decision. I do not feel
disposed now to go into any general considera-
tions arising from the danger supposed to bo
apprehended from the President or from any
other source in relation to that, but simply to
take whatseerned to me a very plain and sensi-
ble course of proceeding.
.Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senate will par-
don me if I add one word to what I have
already said. The Senator from Maine intro-
duces as a precedent something which ho will
pardon me if I say is not a precedent. He calls
our attention to a session of Congress con-
vened by virtue of a summons of the President
of the United States—a called session of Con-
gress. Why, sir, this is no called session of
Congress. This is simply a continuing session
of one that was begun on the 4th day of March.
It is not a new session. It is a session already
begun, prolonged now in the midst of July.
Had it been such a session as the Senator from
Maine seems to have imagined his precedent
would be applicable. We might then have
searched the message of the President in order
to find the subjects proper for consideration.
It is, however, no such session. We are here
broadly, under all our powers as a Congress,
and our life as a Congress, having begun here
on the 4th day of March, at noon. Therefore,
allow mp say, the precedent is inapplicable.
At any rate so it seems to me, and I submit to
the Senate if lam not right in that conclusion.
The practical question then is, what shall
we do, being a Congress assembled as any
other Congress, with all powers and all duties?
I submit, proceed with the public business in
due order until such time as by the reports of
committees or by votes of the bodies we shall
be satisfied that it is not advisable to proceed
further with the matters so referred. I think,
therefore, petitions should be presented and
referred, bills introduced and take their proper
destinations,and business ofall kinds be brought
before the Senate. Then afterward it will be
well for the Senate to determine what course
to take in regard to it. I hope these petitions
will be referred to tHe Judiciary Committee.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to suggest to the
Senator from Massachusetts whether it would
be best, under the circumstances, to allow
his petitions to lie upon the table until the two
Houses can resolve upon something definite,
whether they will proceed to the business of
general legislation or whether they will con-
,fme themselves to those matters which all be-
lieve to be of first importance.
Mr. SUMNER.. But I ask my friend how
we are to know that?
Mr. HOWARD. Let your petitions be laid
on the table temporarily.
Mr. SUMNER. Is it not the most practi-
cable course to let petitions and all other busi-
ness take the ordinary direction ? I feel that
if we make an exception we depart from the
rule; the business is not as it ought to be, is
not in proper order. In presenting the peti-
tions as I have, I have simply followed the
rules of the Senate. I have other petitions of
a different character, coming from southern
States, which I desire to present, and I also
have other matters which I hope to submit to
the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. I merely make the sug-
gestion to the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts whether that would not be the better
course to take for the present until the two
Houses of Congress can consider this whole
matter and dispose of it themselves. It is my
opinion, speaking for myself, that there will
not be found a majority of the two Houses who
a:re willing to protract this session of Congress
for any great length of time. I think the gen-
eral disposition will be found to be that we
had better confine ourselves to the matter of
reconstruction and to the various subjects
necessarily connected with that most import-
ant of all the subjects that we have had before
us, and not to go beyond that line of demarca-
tion. I am willing for one to refer that ques-
tion entirely to the good sense of the two
Houses, and I do not set up my opinion as
being more valuable than that of the two
Houses. It seems to me I would let these
petitions lie on the table for the present until
we know what we shall do.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well, I have no
objection. Then let them lie on the table,
and I give notice that when the Senate shows
a disposition to proceed with business, I will
call them up and have them referred.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They will
lie on the table by general consent, no objec-
tion being made. ,
Mr. SUMNER. I now offer the petition of
J. H. Heald, of New Orleans, asking for relief
from a decree of forfeiture in a cotton case.
According to the suggestion of my friend, I
ask that that lie on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That
course will be taken.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer the petition of
of L. J. Allain, of Louisiana, setting forth an
important discovery with regard to the culture
of sugar-cane, for which he can obtain no ade-
quate protection by the existing patent laws;
and he asks for legislation for his benefit on
that account. I should prefer that the petition
in the usual course of business should go to
the Committee on Patents, but I now ask that
it lie on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thatorder
will be made, there being no objection.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheksox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the resolu-
tion of the Senate for the appointment of a
committee to wait upon the President, and had
appointed Mr. John P. Faknswortii of Illi-
nois, Mr. Rtjfus P. Spat.mng of Ohio, and
Mr. Fernaxbo Wood of New York, the com-
mittee on the part of the House.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SUMNER. Is the introduction of bills
in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. WILSON.- I presented a bill some
time since.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] asks
leave to introduce a bill.
By unanimous consent leave was given to
introduce a bill (S. No. 123) in addition to the
act passed March 2, 1807, to provide for the
more efficient government of the rebel States,
and the act supplementary thereto, passed
March 23, 186? ; and it was read the first time
by its title.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the bill he
printed and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it had better
be laid on the table for the present.
Mr. WILSON. It is a bill in regard to the
very subject that has brought us here.
Mr. FESSENDEN.. The objection is merely
to deciding in advance. We all understand that
perfectly well.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to its
taking that course. I will merely say that it is
a simple bill of a few sections in regard to this
very subject which has called us together.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is undoubtedly the
subject on which we shall act; but I propose
that the bill lie on the table for the present,
merely to carry out the idea which has been
suggested.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on laying this bill on the table for the
present. Is there any objection to that order V
No objection being made, the bill will lie on
the table for the present.
Mr. WILSON. And let it be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made.
Mr. SUMNER. I now ask leave to intro-
duce a bill without previous notice, it being
substantially a bill introduced at the last ses-
sion, but with certain amendments, which I
have introduced at the suggestion of gentlemen
of Maryland, and in order to meet the circum-
stances of that particular State. It is a bill
entitled as follows: "A bill to enforce the sev-
eral provisions of the Constitution abolishing
slavery, declaring the immunities of citizcns,
and guarantying a republican form of govern-
ment bv securing the elective franchise to col-
ored citizens." I ask leave to introduce this
bill, and propose that it be printed and laid on
the table.
By unanimous consent leave was granted to
introduce the bill. (S. No. 124;) which was read
the first time, laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 125) in explanation of an act entitled "An
act to provide for the more efficient govern-
ment of the rebel States," passed March 2,
1867; which was read the first time by its title,
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
126) further to provide for the reconstruction
of the rebel States; which was read the first
time by its title, ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I ask
leave to introduce two bills, to correct a clerical
error that we fell into at the last session. I
shall call thera up to-morrow. There is no
necessity for their reference. At present I ask
that the bills lie upon the table.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 127) to repeal an
act entitled 11 An act for the relief of Matilda
Harmon, of the county of Greene, and State
of Tennessee, widow of Jacob Harmon," ap-
proved January 31, 1867, and a bill (S. No.
128) for thetelief of Melinda Harmon, of the
county of Greene, and State of Tennessee,
widow of Jacob Harmon; which were read the
first time by their titles, and ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 129) further supplementary
to an act entitled "An act to provide for the
more efficient government of the rebel States,''
passed March 2, 1867; which was read the
first time by its title, ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
