47(3
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
and the Chair cannot recollect any such de-
cision as the gentleman states. If the gentle-
man from Wisconsin had risen, as a question
of privilege, to offer a resolution that the gen-
tleman claiming to have been elected a Repre-
sentative from Tennessee should not be sworn
in until a committee reported upon his creden-
tials, it would have been in order.
Mr. ELDRFDCtE. I rose for the purpose
of raising the question, but the Chair insisted
that the proceedings could not be interrupted,
as the gentleman was at the bar with regular
credentials, to be sworn in.
_ The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
his distinct recollection is that his ruling in that
case was in conformity with the ruling which
he now makes, that a majority of the House
may make any order on the subject it sees fit.
The House can, if it sees fit, refer the creden-
tials to the Committee of Elections previous to
the members being sworn in.
Mr. ELIOT. I rise to a question of order.
I desire to know if it is not competent for the
House, by its own action, to dispense with the
further reading of the affidavits.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schejtck] is entitled to the floor for one
hour on his motion, and he presents these
papers as apart of his speech. The Chair
does not know of any rule by which the read-
ing can be stopped if he desires their reading
to be continued.
Mr. ELIOT. Then I ask the gentleman
from Ohm to yield to me for the purpose of
moving that the further reading be dispensed
with.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
can suspend the reading <by his own act.
Mr. SCHENCK. I stated that I was will-
ing to suspend the further reading of the pa-
pers, thinking that enough had probably been
read to determine their character ; but some
gentleman insisted that it was proper to have
the whole read as presenting the entire case,
and I yielded on that account. I am still of
the opinion, however, that it is not necessary
to protract the reading.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can sus-
pend the reading himself.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I will not ask for
the farther reading, but I will yield the floor to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan.]
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I send to the
Clerk's desk the protest of Mr. Symes and
accompanying affidavits against the swearing
in of Mr. Trimble from the first district of the
State of Kentucky, charging him with disloyalty.
I do not desire to have them read, however.
A Member. They had better be read.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, as gentlemen seem to
desire it, I ask that they be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the Honorable the House of Representatives of the
United states:
Your petitioner, a citizen of the first congressional
district of Kentucky, would respectfully state that at
the Ja^t congressional election in this State he was
voted for as the choice of .the Union men or loyalists
of the said fiist congressional district to represent
them in the Fortieth Congress, aud that he claims
the seat for the following reasons:
1. The notorious disloyalty of Hon. L. S. Trim-
ble, the Democratic candidate, who claims to bo
elccted by a majority of votes, both during the war
and since, shown by his aiding and abetting tho
rebellion by sending supplies, provisions, medicine,
military equipments, and ammunition through the
lines into tho so-called confederate States daring
the war, which supplies were sent in violation of law,
&c\, and further shown by his disloyal acts and
speeches made during the war and since; particu-
larly in 1863, when he, said Trimble, was arrested and
confined by the military authority for his open and
avowed opposition to the war, and discouraging en-
listments to the Federal Army; and also in the late
canvass for Congress he states that he had always
and did yet oppose raising men or money to suppress
the rebellion; and by his declaring that he made it
a point, and that he would swear to it, that he would
always do what he could to keep out of any position
any man who has been in the Lincoln army or wore
the blue. The truth of these allegations the peti-
tioner is able to establish by abundant evidence.
2. That Union men were in some localities intimi-
dated and overawed from voting by being threatened
and proscribed by the friends of said L. S. Trimble,
lately m rebellion against the Government, which
can be established by evidence.
3* That, manyunpardoned ex-confederate soldiers
and paroled pusonors of war, who have riever taken
the oath or been included in any amnesty, were
allowed and did vote for said L. S. Trimble m viola-
tion of law in such c^se made and provided, as can
be shown by testimony of loyal m en.
4. The election was illegally conducted by reason of
men being appointed and serving as officers of the
election who had been in the rebel army or who
had aided, counseled, or advised the separation of
Kentucky from the Federal Union by force of arms,
orhacl adhered to those engaged in rebellion or sym-
pathized with them; also by a large majority of the
officers of the election beingDemocrats and favoring
the election of said Trimble, and a very few belong-
ing to the Union parry favoring the election of the
petitioner, which is in open violation of tho State
law, which provides that the officers must be chosen
equally from the political parties, and the further
provision that no one who counseled, aided, or ad-
hered to the rebellion as aforesaid shall be consid-
ered so belonging to a political party, or competent
to act as an officer of an election; which facts can
also be shown by abundant testimony.
For the reasons above set forth, which substan-
tially were embodied in a notice of contest served
on the sifid L. S. Trimble within thirty days after the
result of the election was declared by the State board
of canvassers, the petitioner respectfully, but earn-
estly protests against said L. S. Trimble, claiming
to be tho member-elect from the first congressional
district of Kentucky aforesaid, being sworn in as
the member of Congress from said district, and asks
that his credentials be referred to the proper com-
mittee of elections for investigation.
a. G. SYMES.
Mr. LOGAN. Accompanying this protest
are affidavits, which I have notread, but which,
I am told, fully sustain the protest. T do not
ask to have them read at present. I will state
that I have modified the preamble to my reso-
lution ; and it would probably be well that it
should be read again, so that the House may
understand the modification I have made.
The Clerk read as follows the preamble as
modified:
Whereas there is good reason to believe that in
the election recently held in tho State of Kentucky
for Representatives to the Fortieth Congress the
legal and loyal voters in the several districts in said
State have been overawed and prevented from a true
expression of their will and choice at the polls by
those who# have sympathized with, or actually par-
ticipated in the late rebellion, and that such elec-
tions were carried by the votes of such disloyal and
returned rebels; and whereas it is alleged that sev-
eral of the Representatives-elect from that State are
disloyal.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I trust that if the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Logax] intends to
found any argument on the affidavits to which
he has referred he will have them read, so
that the House can be informed of their con-
tents.
Mr. LOGAN. I certainly have no objec-
tion to the reading of the affidavits, if the gen-
tleman desires it.
Mr. ELDRIDGrE. I understand that Mr.
Trimble knows nothing of their contents, nor
by whom they are made.
Mr. LOGAN. I certainly shall not object
to the reading of the affidavits. The argu-
ment, however, which I shall make will not be
founded on any affidavits; nor will it be any-
thing personal to Mr. Trimble.
The Clerk read as follows:
State op Kentucky, County of Graves :
Affiant, Lucian Anderson, states that lie is a resi-
dent of the county and State above set forth, and
was a resident of said county and State in the year
18b3; that he is now and was in the year 1863 ac-
quainted with L. S. Trimble, who now claims to be
tho member of Congress clect from the first congres-
sional district of the State of Kentucky. That at
the May teim of the Graves circuit court for the
year 18(53 the said Trimble, then being a candidate
to represent this district, in the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress of the United States, he, the said Trimble,
made a speech at the court-house, in the town ©f
Mayfieid, to a large crowd of persons there assem-
bled, mo>t of whom were rebel sympathizers, who
had sent for the said Trimble to come up from Padu-
cah and address them on the then question of the
rebellion existing againbt the Constitution and laws
of the United States.
Affiant states that said Trimble spoke on the occa-
sion referred to for about two hours, that he de-
nounced the President of the United States, Abra-
ham Lincoln, as a violator of-thc Constitution in the
prosecution of the war against the so-called confed-
erate States: that he, the President, had deceived
and misled the people by saying that he did notin-
tend to interfere with slavery in the State. His
whole speech was in denunciation of the Govern-
ment and those who sympathized with it against the
rebellion.. About tho time Trimble closcd liis speech
li j l i to tell the large concourse there assem-
bled whether, if elccted to Congress, ho would vote
men and money to prosecute the war against the
rebels m arms against the Governmcntof the United
States. He for some time endeavored to evade or
dodge tho question, but affiant states that he pressed
the question on bim (said Trimble) time and again,
and he finally told the people, if elected, he would
not vote a man or a dollar to sustain the armies of
the Government then in tho field to put down the
rebellion. Affiant says that the speech infused new
life and hope in the rebels, and wns calculated to
prevent persons from joining the Federal Army or
taking sides with the Government of the United
States.
Affiant states further, that in June, 1863, he met
said Trimble at Benton, in Marshall county, Ken-
tucky, where he made to tho people of that county
the same character of speech as is above set forth.
These are the only places affiant met said Trimble in
debate. In 1863, a short time after the meeting at
Benton, affiant learned that said Trimble had been
arrested and taken to Henderson, Kentucky, by the
military authorities. LUCIAN ANDERSON.
Sworn to and subscribed before me, by Lucian An-
derson, June 20,1867.
AY. H. MILLER, Notary Public.
Affiant, J. T. Bolinger, states that he is a citizen of
Graves county, Kentucky; that he met with Hon.
L. S. Trimble in the city of Cincinnati in the sum-
mer of 1861, and that said Trimble told affiant that
he (Trimble) with others had formed a partnership,
and was then in Cincinnati for tho purpose of buying
bacon, flour, coffee, sugar, and a general assortment
of groceries, which were to be sent South. Affiant
further states that Mr. D. Elethorp, who was with
said Trimble, and had tho supervision of buying the
stock, told affiant at some time that their purchases
at that time would bo about three hundred thousand
dollars. Largo quantities of groceries were shipped to
Paducah, Kentucky, and said to be placed in the
hands of said Trimble's partners, who were rebels,
and who shipped the same, part in the direction of
Camp Boon, where there was a large encampment
of rebel soldiers, and part in the direction of Union
City, where were encamped about ten thousand rebel
soldiers. Affiant further states that in the year 1863
said Trimble announced himself a candidate for Con-
gress. At that time the rebel soldiers had been
driven from this part of Kentucky, and the home
rebels were very much disheartened and disorganized*
and showed a disposition to take the oath of alle-
giance to the Government of the United States and
submit to the laws. The disloyal speeches of said
Trimble in making the canvass, his course in de-
nouncing the acts of the President, Congress, and
those who were engaged in trying to suppress the
rebellion were such, that it inflamed anew the public
mind and aroused and rekindled the old fire of trea-
son and rebellion in the people. His speeches had such
a poisonous effect on the people that recruiting for
the Federal Army was almost entirely suspended.
While enlistments lor the Federal Army was going
on all the time, times for Union men bccame terrible;
the worst passion against them was aroused in the
bosoms of rebels; Union men were driven from their
homes and many of them plundered and robbed of
their nil. After this canvass the countiy was over-
run with bnnds of guerrilla'?, whose only object was
to rob, plunder, and murder Union men. So disloyal
were said Trimble's speeches that he was arrested
and imprisoned by the military commander of the
district.
Affiant further states that the election held in May
last for member of Congress in this county was not
held in accordance with the laws of Kentucky.
Affiant says he has examined the poll-books used at
the different precincts at the last congressional elec-
tion; that there is ten precincts in said county of
Graves, and that the law was violated in many of the
voting precincts by persons being appointed and
serving as officers of the election who had been in
the rebel army, or who had aided, counseled, or ad-
vised the separation of Kentucky from the Federal
Union by force of arms, or had adhered to those
engaged in rebellion against said Government, and
that the same number from each political party were
not appointed officers of said election.
J. W. BOLINGER.
Sworn and subscribed before me, by J. T. Bolinger,
this 25th day of June, 1867.
JOHN MARSHALL, Notary Public.
Mr. LOGAN. I believe I will suspend the
further reading of the affidavits.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Logan] will yield for a moment,
the Chair desires to make a statement.
The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eld-
ridge] appeared to doubt whether the Chair
ruled this morning as he did in the case of the
Tennessee members. The Chair has had
brought to the desk the Congressional Globe
of the first session of the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, by which the gentleman from "Wisconsin
and the House will see that the Chair, on the
occasion referred to, ruled in precisely the same
way as he has ruled to-day. The Chair will
state that the gentleman from Wisconsin,
unless the report of the Globe is incorrect, is
mistaken as to the time when he interposed
objections to the membership here of Mr.
Stokes.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It was not at the time
when the letter of Mr. Stokes was read tliat
I raised the question.
The SPEAKER. The record of the Globe
(and it concurs with the recollection of the
