1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
471
Chair) does not sustain the gentleman from
Wisconsin. Upon the 24th'day of July, 1866,
the President having signed the bill in regard
to the restoration of the right of representation
to the State of Tennessee, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] moved the refer-
ence of the credentials to the Committee of
Elections, when the following proceedings,
which will be read by the Clerk, took place:
The Clerk read as follows:
" Mr. Lb Blond. I rise to a privileged question. I
move that the members-elect from the State of Ten-
nessee, now present, have administered to them the
oath of office.
"The Speaker. It is within the power of tho
House to refer to the Committeo of Elections the
credentials of any gentleman claiming a seat even
from a State that, has not been in rebellion. Bat the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] is still
on the floor, which would prevent tho motion of tho
gentleman from Ohio |Mr. Lb Blond] from being
made.
" Mr. Stevens. I believe that these credentials
are in the usual form, and it is to be expected that
they will be examined by the Committee of Elections
j nst as tho credentials are which are referred to that
committee by tho House. They will understand
■whether they are irregular or not. I now call tho
previous question.
"fir. Le Blond. Does not my motion take pre-
cedence of that ?
"The Speaker. It does not; the usage has been
precisely the other way. If amotion is made to swear
m a man claiming aseat in tho House after itis organ-
ized, and a member rises and moves to refer the cre-
dentials to the Committee of Elections, that motion
is entertained and acted upon.
" Mr. Le Blond. I have always understood that
the credentials alone are considered prima facie evi-
dence of a right to a seat when there is no contestant.
"The Speaker. That is only for the purpose of
organizing the House. The Chair will refer the gen-
tleman to a case in point. In the Thirty-Seventh
Congress a gentleman from Tennessee (the Chair
does not now recollcct the namo) olaimed to have
been elected a Representative from that State, and
there was no contestant in his oase. The credentials
in that case were referred to the Committee of lilec-
tions, who examined as to tho number of votes oast
for him, the condition of the district. &c., and
reported upon the case, and the Chair thinks he was
admitted to his seat."
The SPEAKER. By a vote of 90 to 28 the
the credentials were referred to the Committee
of Elections. The name of the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Eidmdge] does not appear in
this debate.
On the same day, as appears on page 4,106
of the same volume of the Globe, the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawks,] rising
to a question of privilege, reported from the
Committee of Elections that the various mem-
bers claiming to be elected from the State of
Tennessee were entitled to be sworn in, where
upon a colloquy ensued between the gentleman
from Massachusetts and Mr. Lc Blond, then
a Representative from Ohio, which is followed
by a paragraph which the Chair will read, and
the recollection of the Chair concurs with the
official report of the Globe. The gentleman
from Wisconsin probably has in his mind the
debate three days afterward. The Chair will
now read from the Globe all that is stated to
have occurred in regard to the swearing in of
the members from Tennessee after the report
of the Committee of Elections in their favor
had been made and agreed to by the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Was that when Mr.
Stokes was sworn in?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will read every
thing that appears in the Globe report as having
occurred after the report of the Committee of
Elections was adopted, and which relates to
the swearing in of Mr. Stokes. It is the fol-
lowing very brief paragraph:
"Messrs. Nathaniel G.Taylor, Horace Maynard,
and William B. Stokes then came forward amid ap-
plause, took the oath of office prescribed bv tho act
of July 2,18G2, and took their seats in the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It was at that moment
I rose, and the Speaker stated that the pro-
ceedings could not be interrupted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not remem-
ber it, and it does not so appear by the report
in the Globe. The gentleman ma^have made
the point three days afterward.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did not make the point
three days afterward, but I read the letter
upon which the point was made.
Mr. LOGAN.
House 
olliij it cuo
I do not desire to detain the
Mr. BENJAMIN.- I ask the gentleman to
yield.to me for one moment.
Mr. LOGAN. I do, sir.
Mr. BENJAMIN., Mr. Speaker, if I under-
stand this question as presented to us now it
is that the credentials of all of the members
who present themselves here from the State of
Kentucky shall be referred to the Committee
of Elections. I believe gentlemen who have
been members of this House have protested
against the swearing in of certain members of
that delegation. I heard on that list as read
by the Clerk the name of J. Proctor Knott,
who claimed to be elected from the fourth con-
gressional district of Kentucky. Mr. Knott
was formerly a citizen of Missouri, a resident
of the district which I have the honor to rep-
resent upon this floor. He resided there I
believe until 1862 or 18G3, when he left that
State and moved to Kentucky.
Mr. Knott in 1860, I believe, was elected
attorney general of the State of Missouri, and
served as such until by an ordinance of the
State Convention he was ousted. In tho winter
of 1861, February I believe, the Legislature
of that State, which was intensely rebel, as
every one knows, called a convention l'or^car-
rying Missouri out of the Union. Mr. Knott
was elected as a member of that convention.
He served, commencing the 4th of March of
that year. He took an active part in the pro-
ceedings of that convention. The question of
secession was discussed there, and various
measures were brought before that convention
for the purpose of accomplishing that result.
Now, sir, I state here to-day that the records
of that convention will show in all its proceed-
ings that Mr. Knott was allied with those who
were the most intense in their disloyalty to this
Government, voting for and sustaining all the
measures designed to accomplish the secession
of the State of Missouri.
He was attorney general of the State of Mis-
souri. At a subsequent session of the conven-
tion all of the State officers were deposed, as
you all know, Claib. Jackson being Governor.
Mr. Knott went out with the rest. In the ses-
sion of 1862 he did not appear in his seat in
the convention. It was declared vacant, and
another was elected in his stead.
The disloyalty.of Mr. Knott in that State is
notorious. His status is as well known as that
of any other of those who figured in the rebel-
lion. 'I do not know there' is any gentleman
here who protests against his being sworn in
as a member; but the facts being as I have
stated them, I feel it incumbent upon me to
rise in my place and object to the qualification
of Mr. Knott as the Representative of the fourth
congressional district of the State of Kentucky;
and notwithstanding there is no contestant, I
believe it is the duty of Congress, when the
facts are so well known as in this case, that a
person who has occupied the position he has,
and taken the grounds he has during this war,
shall not be permitted to occupy a seat upon
this floor.
I am iust informed that the defeated candi-
date in that district is going to contest the right
to the seat. It is a fact I did not before know;
but it is necessary the House should know these
facts in order to judge of the character of the
Representatives sent here from that State to
represent her in the Congress of the United
States.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, in. presenting
this resolution to the House I do not do so with
a view of striking at any particular member ot
Congress claiming to be elected from the State
of Kentucky; but I do it for the purpose of
establishing a precedent m this House which
shall be placed upon higher motives than that
of excluding any individual from a seat here.
I ask that all the members-elect from the State
of Kentucky shall be excluded from the puv-
ilege of taking the oath until an examination
shall be had before the Committee of Elec-
tions. Why do I do so? Sir, it is upon the
ground that this House should not be contami-
nated, or allow itself at any time to be so by
the introduction of any man into its liails as
a representative of the people of any district
in the United States who has, during the rebel-
lion, participated in any way whatever in it.
We must then examine somewhat into the
status of communities as well as the status of
individuals, for the purpose of lay ing the found-
ation and establishing a precedent for the
examination of the members from other States
who may present themselves hereafter where
they have a disloyal constituency, and that we
may examine all together. I present this ques-
tion now, and think I can give facts sufficient
to justify this House in excluding them for the
present.
The accusation has been made against some
of these members of disloyalty._ Evidence has
been produced sufficient to satisfy the minds
of any disinterested person of the fact. Beyond
that it is a historical fact that during the lata
rebellion a portion of the people of the State
of Kentucky sought their representation in
other halls than the Halls' of legislation at
Washington. The disloyal portion of the peo-
ple of that State—and their name is legion—
sought representation at Richmond tinder the
prctendedgovernmentof Jefferson Davis. They
had their senators and their representatives in
the rebel capitol until the close of the rebel-
lion. During that time tho loyal Legislature
of Kentucky disfranchised a portion of its
citizens for participation in the rebellion, but
the very moment the rebellion was suppressed
the portion of tho people who had had repre-
sentation at Richmond asked that the law by
which they were disfranchised should be re-
pealed, and it was done. Thereupon they
changed their representation from Richmond,
contaminated by treason, to these Halls, which
ought to be sacred to loyalty.
It is upon this ground, upon the ground that
a portion of the constituency of Kentucky
whose hands during the late rebellion reeked
with tho blood of loyal victims, elected repre-
sentatives who shouted treason in the halls at
Richmond and then returned to_ their homes
and aided in sending Representatives to these
Halls, that I offer this resolution. Why, sir,
it is a historical fact. We are bound to take
notice of elections. I presume no man here
will pretend that you have got to prove that
an election took place at a certain time. It is
an event that we must take notice of. An
election took place recently in the State of
Kentucky, in which a Governor, Lieutenant
Governor, and members of Congress were
chosen. What is the history of that election?
A Governor to-day sworn in who tos a traitor
during the whole war, a rebel against the Gov-
ernment of the United States. I beg pardon;
I am a little too fast. It is true, however^ that
a candidate has been elected on the same ticket
with these men who stands before the country
to-day a condemned traitpr to this Government
in the eyes of the world. And yet these people
claim that they must have representation in
Congress by presenting their members-elect
without any investigation as to their loyalty.
If Kentucky can send members to this House
under these circumstances, and in spite of ob-
jection or protest they may be sworn in as
members unuer the rules and authority of this
House, I ask any man to tell me why South
Carolina may not do the same thing under the
advice of the head of this Government. I
believe it is our duty as members of Congress
to inquire into their status. I care not what
State does it. If the State of Kentucky, of
Maryland, or of Illinois, which I have the
honor in part to represent, were to hold an
election of members of Congress, and were to
send members here who were known to the
country as rebels, it would be our duty to
inquire into th^ir status. It would be our duty
before allowing them to be sworn in to exam-
ine and see whether-they were true and loyal
men to the Government of tho United States.
I for one am not willing with my vote to allow
any man to take the oath in, the presence of
this national assembly that he is loyal and will
be faithful to the Constitution when I know
that his constituency are disloyal and would
