1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of principle and not of party. There is no
question-of more importance, nothing that so
closely reaches the foundation of all- our insti-
tutions, as that, of the right of members to their
seats upon the floor of this House when elected
to this body. It is not necessary for the party
in the majority to exclude these nine Kentucky
members in order to hold on to their power;
but if they do exclude them they thereby pro-
claim to all the ten States which they have
invited to come back into this Union, that this
extraordinary sessionof Congress is called for
the purpose of indicating or devising no means
to bring them in. They but proclaim to the
people of Virginia, North Carolina, South Car-
olina, Georgia, Alabama, Florida, Louisiana,
Arkansas, and Texas that no matter what they
may do, even though they may elect an officer
of the Federal Army to Congress, the most loyal
man they can possibly find to represent them,
in spite of all their efforts and sacrifices, when
their Representative comes to present himself
here he may be compelled to face an adverse
majority upon an affidavit or charges like these
brought before the House in the case of mem-
bers from the State of Kentucky, and may'
after all be excluded from a seat in this House
by the party in power.
I beg of you, Mr. Speaker, and of the House,
I beg especially of you, sir, to exert your in-
fluence in this House to establish no such fatal
or unfortunate precedent as that, for it will
only be a proclamation, a pronunciamento to
all the other struggling and now disfranchised
States, that, no matter what their sacrifices, all
their efforts to obtain a representation upon
this floor will be utterly vain against an ad-
verse, irresistible, and unreasoning majority.
I now yield the remainder of my time to the
gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. I NGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, it is alleged
specifically that three members who present
their credentials here for admission as Repre-
sentatives from Kentucky are, by reason of their
disloyalty, their acts of treason against this
Government duringthe late rebellion, not enti-
tled to seats here. Their seats are contested by
those who opposed them in the elections, by
those who were supported by the Union party
in Kentucky. You have heard read the charges
and specifications and the affidavits in support
of them. A prima facie case has at least been
made out against them. I trust this is not
assuming too much, for I would not knowingly
do an act of injustice to them. *
It is further alleged that the entire delega-
tion with one exception—at least, the resolu-
tion of my colleague [Mr. Logan] is based on
that assumption—cannot rightfully take the
oath prescribed by law, and therefore ought
not to be admitted to seats here. That is
assumed in the resolution, as I understand it;
and in order to test the question of their legal
right to admission as members, and in order
that the House may vote understanding^ upon
it, it is proposed to refer their credentials to
the Committee of Elections, and there let the
case of each individual member be examined
and inquired into, and if any one of the dele-
gation is found worthy under the law to sit
here, unquestionably the report of the com-
mittee will be in his favor; but if any of them
are found to have forfeited their rights as citi-
zens of the United States by reason of partici-
pation in rebellion, unquestionably the com-
mittee will so report, and without doubt this
House will sustain that report by excluding
the member or members proven to have been
thus disloyal from the privileges of loyal Repre-
sentatives, and will either allow the seat to
remain vacant until the people of Kentucky
send a loyal man here or award the seat to the
ioyal contestant.
Now, sir, for one I am glad we have met
this vital question at the threshold. Here is
the place to test the sincerity of the Union
party. It is undoubtedly true thatthe loyal,
patriotic, heroic Union men of this country
saved it on the field of battle. They crushed
the rebellion, and in consequence it has
become one of the cardinal doctrines of the
Union party, that loyal men shall rule the
country maintained and perpetuated by their
heroic and unparalleled sacrifices.
I repeat, I am glad that we have met this
-question at the threshold. Now is the time
and here is the place to settle it. The Consti-
tution says "each House shall be the judge of
the elections, returns, and qualifications of its
own members.'' This clause givesus full and
complete jurisdiction over the question before
us. Let us dispose of it, as becomes the Rep-
resentatives of a great and free people. Let
us inquire into the "qualifications" of these
gentlemen. Loyalty is a necessary qualifica-
tion. Do they possess it? We propose to
investigate that question, without unnecessary
delay, by the proper committee." We do not
propose to deal with Kentucky as though she
were not entitled to representation on this
floor. We say to her, "You are entitled to
representation, but you have no right to send
men here who aided the rebellion, who fought
against the Union." I am not assuming that
a disloyal representation has presented itself.
I do not presume to declare in advance of the
testimony that a single gentleman from Ken-
tucky is disloyal or ever did give aid, counten-
ance or encouragement to the rebellion. But
I am insisting that Congress has the right to
exclude disloyal men; men who engaged in
the rebellion ; men who committed treason
against this Government. I care not whether
the man comes from Kentucky or from any
other State ; the principle is the same.
If a rebel from Kentucky domiciliates him-
self in New York and becomes a citizen of
that State, and should the people of New York
see proper to elect him to Congress, must he
be admitted ? should he be admitted ? I say
no, never; Congress has the prerogative to
exclude him and ought to exclude him.
There is no safety for the Republic in any
other course. This is not an infraction of the
right of representation ; it goes only to the per-
son of the Representative. The Representative
must be a friend of the Union, not its enemy;
if he is its enemy he should be denied a seat
here, and I hold this to be our right, and for
one I propose to exercise it now, if the facts
are, as they are alleged in the resolution. Sir,
there is such an organization in this country as
a Union party, and for one I propose to do
all that I can legally and constitutionally to
maintain that party. It may be said that I am
speaking now as a partisan. Perhaps so ; but
1 am speaking as a partisan, as I understand
it, in a good cause, in a patriotic cause, in a
loyal cause, no less than the perpetuation of
the Republic, and for the perpetuation of just
and noble principles as the foundation of that
Republic. If we desire to perpetuate the lib-
erty and unity of the Republic, can we do it
better than by maintaining the ioyal, Union
party? I bold that we cannot. Every blow
against the'Umon party is a blow against re-
publican and liberal institutions. You can
strike no more direct blow at the Union party
or the Republic than by giving aid and encour-
agement to the enemies of the Union ; and if
you admit here whomsoever the late rebels may
see fit to send, do you not thereby encourage
the rebel element in the southern States, until
at last, by such encouragement, you will have
created a power that will crush you ? For one,
I do not propose to do any such thing. I pro-
pose to act fairly, honestly, and honorably with
the people of all sections of the country ; but
I do propose to maintain loyalty and to award
the merit due to it, and when there is a con-
test in any district in this country between loy-
alty and disloyalty, I am on the side of loyalty
and against disloyalty. If you wish to send
forth a voice from this Hall that shall encour-
age the southern loyal people in their heroic
efforts to build up a Union party there, ex-
clude from seats here all rebels that may be
sent from any State. If we send a greeting of
this kind to the southern loyalists, you will
nerve them to invincible perseverance, you will
strengthen and encourage them amazingly,
you will crystalize them around the principles
of- our Union party, Sand -by such encourage-
ment you will create a party able-to maintain
the principles for which, during four longye&rs,
the Union party fought, With a devotion' and
courage unprecedented. But if you" admit,
without question, to seats upon this floor-men
who were guilty of rebellion, do you not strike a
blow at the Union party both North and South ?
Destroy the Union patty, and will not the de-
struction of the Republic speedily follow? If
this sounds partisan, I cannot help it. I see
in the maintenance and continuance in power
of the loyal Union party the true glory ttnd per-
petuity of the Republic. I see through .the
maintenance of that party the firm establish-
ment of the principles of justice and universal
liberty, the triumph of right and the downfall
of wrong.
Now, sir, I take as an illustration of my
position the case immediately before us: Sam-
uel McKee, a known loyalist, devoted to the
maintenance and perpetuity of the Union, who
risked his life in the suppression of the rebel-
lion, was elected a member of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress by a majority of 1,900; he was
defeated as a candidate for member of the
Fortieth Congress by 1,500 majority. How is
this to be explained? In the election of 1865,
when he was elected to the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, the rebel element of Kentucky was
disfranchised by the loyal Union Legislature
which had been elected while the rebels of
Kentucky were in the rebel army. In 1866
the Legislature of Kentucky repealed their
disfranchising law, and flooded the polls of
the ninth Kentucky district with the votes of
returned rebel soldiers—this is alleged to be
the state of the case; I do not speak from my
own knowledge—and the consequence was that
he was overslaughed by 1,500 majority. It is
said that since the disfranchisement of rebels
in Missouri and Tennessee, and the enfran-
chisement of them in Kentucky, the disfran-
chised in the first named States find a cordial
welcome and a congenial home in Kentucky.
This may account for the extra large majorities
against the Union party in that State at their
late election.
Now, sir, I say for one, and I do not profess
to speak for any one but myself, that if Sam-
uel McICee, a loyal man, had received but one
loyal vote, and assuming, which 1 do not say
is the fact, that Mr. Young received 15,000
disloyal votes, he himself having been guilty
of giving aid and encouragement to the rebel-
lion, I for one should vote against the admis-
sion of Mr. Young and for the admission of
Mr. McKee with but one loyal vote behind
him. That is my position, gentlemen, and
you may make the most of it. 1 do not intend
to speak in such a manner that I can be mis-
understood upon this question. It is, perhaps,
the most vital question that lias been brought
before Congress for years, at any rate since
the suppression of the rebellion. It is a ques-
tion of the maintenance and ultimate triumph
of the principles which were contended for
during that terrible, long and bloody strug-
gle.
If wo are to admit the rebel element into
Congress, what shall we say for loyalty? What
apology can we make to the loyal men whom
we will meet when we go home? None what-
ever; we will have falsified our pledges and
our principles. We must maintain a loyal
standard in Congress if we intend to maintain
a loyal standard at home. If we desire that
our constituents shall'maintain a loyal standard
there, let their Representatives maintain a loyal
standard here. Thus there will be harmony
of feeling, thought, and action upon these great
and vital questions. If we sustain the cause
of loyalty here to-day, we will find a sympa-
thetic throb answering our manly and just
action from the loyal hearts North and South.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
informs the House that we are in the midst of
a revolution. Sir, I admit it. But the revo-
lution was not inaugurated to-day; it is of
long continuance; a revolution commenced
by men disloyal to the Constitution and the
