1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
479
the Army .and fighting as he did would for-
bid it.,
Mr. LOGAN. If there are any sucli charges
I want them made specific.
Mr. MARSHALL. If the gentleman had
erred in his judgment at the commencement
of the contest, if his^ position had been just
the reverse of what it is now, his course during
the progress of the war would fortiid my pre-
senting any charge^ of that kind against him on
this floor. I have great respect for the gal-
lantry and manhood of my colleague, however
much I may disapprove what I regard as his
grave, political errors, andl would do no injus-
tice to him. But I must say, as he calls on me,
that at the commencement of the war it was
my belief that he was more hostile to its pros-
ecution than ever I was even charged or thought
by any one to be during its entire continuance.
That is my belief; but I certainly should not
have stated it had I not been called 011 to do so.
But I find that I have been diverted from
the train of remarks I had proposed making
when I arose, and as the time allotted mo is
about exhausted, I will add but a word or two
more. The resolution offered should not be
adopted for another reason: it is an entire
abandonment of our statute law in regard to
contests. It proposes not only to vacate these
seats indefinitely, but to throw the burden and
expense of a contest upon the Government
and the committee 'of the House instead of
upon the parties contesting. Our statute in
regard to contesting elections should be wiped
from our statute-books if'this precedent is to
be established. ■ Neither notice nor any other
formality of contest need hereafter to be ob-
served, and all burdens are removed flfom the
shoulders of contestants. ■ It will be a glorious
precedent for defeated politicians.
The SPEAKER. The time allowed the gen-
tleman has expired.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the House will
not consider me as asking too much when I
now demand Ihe previous question on the res-
olution and pending substitute.
Mr. BOUT WELL. Will the gentleman allow
me a few minutes?
Mr. SCHENCK. I will allow the gentle-
man five minutes of my remaining thirteen,
but I cannot yield to anybody else.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, I do not
propose to answer any of the arguments on
this question, but only to slate a distinction
which I think can very well govern this House
and enable it to act safely in the decision of
the question. I think we are justified in taking
this position : that when a member rises in
his place and states as of his own knowledge
or upon information worthy of belief that a
person presenting himself here for a seat in
this House is or has been substantially a trai-
tor to this Government, we have a right to
decline to allow that person to take the oath
until that matter has been investigated and he
has been relieved from the charge.
But I make a distinction between such _ an
allegation against a gentleman presenting him-
self here and any other which can possibly be
made, because it is an allegation which, if
proved to the satisfaction of Congress, will be
found to be very different from an allegation
that in an election men were deterred from the
exercise of the right of suffrage, or that some
men voted who had no right to do so. ' These
are allegations which may oftentimes bo made
by any member of Congress; but when it is
alleged upon the authority of a member of this
House or upon an affidavit presented and read
by a member of the House, or by its Clerk,
that a person presenting himself here for a
seat is a traitor, of course we must refuse to
allow him to take the oath until he is purged
from that charge. It is upon that rule that I
must vote upon the questions as they are pre-
sented. Whenever any member upon his own
knowledge or upon affidavit will charge by
name any one of these men presenting them-
selves as being identified with the rebellion, I
cannot vote to allow him to take the oath ;
but I cannot vote to exclude men in gross and 1
say that Kentucky or any other State shall
not be represented here becausein the election
men were overawed, or because.persons voted
who should not properly have voted.
I therefore trust that those gentlemen who
have the management of this matter will make
the charges specific against individuals, and,
for one, I am prepared to vote to exclude them
for the present from the privileges of this
House.
Mr.. LOGAN. I desire to modify my reso-
lution by striking out the words "all the,"
and inserting in lieu thereof the following:
"Lawrence S. Trimble, John Young Brown,
J. Proctor Knott, A. P. Grover, Thomas L.
Jones, James B. Beck, and John D. Young,"
so that the resolution will provide that the
credentials of Lawrence S. Trimble, John
Young Brown, H. Proctor Knott, A. P.
Grover, Thomas L. Jones, James B. Beck,
and John D. Young, members-elect from the
State of Kentucky, shall be referred to the
Committee of Elections, for report at as early
a day as practicable, and that, pending the
report of the committee, none of said mem-
bers-elect shall be allowed to take the oath of
office or admitted to seats as such.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have concluded to allow
myself one minute more. There has been a
misapprehension in supposing that this is a
movement against Kentucky as a State. • That
is not my idea of this case. If the same show-
ing should be made in regard to a member
from Ohio that he had been participating in
the rebellion as a public enemy, upon allega-
tions introduced here and sustained as are the
allegations in this case, or upon the statement
of any member upon this floor, I would apply
the rule in the same way to him. 1 want that
understood. I now call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, being first upon the
substitute for the resolution offered by Mr.
Logan.
Mr. WOOD. I move to lay the substitute
on the table.
The SPEAKER. That would carry the
whole subject to the table.
Mr. WOOD. Cannot I move to lay the
substitute separately upon the table?
The SPEAKER. No; as it is connected
with the resolution it will carry the whole
subject to the table.
Mr. WOOD. Then I withdraw the motion.
Mr. ELDK1DGE. I call for the yeas and
nays on the substitute.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The substitute was agreed to — ayes 67,
noes 50.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
resolution as amended.
Mr. ELDR1DGE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not. ordered.
The resolution as amended was adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
connecticut election.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a question of
privilege. I present the memorial of citizens
of the fourth congressional district of Connec-
ticut, charging W. H. Barnum, claiming to be
Representative-elect to the Fortieth Congress
from that district, with having procured his
election" by bribery, and protesting against his
being permitted to hold his seat, with accom-
panying affidavits and proofs.
I have made no motion to exclude Mr.
Barnum from taking the oath, but I move that
the memorial and accompanying proofs be
referred to the Committee of Elections, with
instructions to investigate and report, and
with authority to take testimony and send for
persons and papers.
I do this because It-is not a case of contest;
there is 110 contestant; it is a memorial from
citizens of the district; and for fear .that some
gentleman this warm weather should rise-to
make, a .speech, I will demand the previous
question.
The previous question.was seconded and the
maan question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion of Mr. Schb&ck was
agreed to.
CONTESTED ELECTIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House pa-
pers in the contested election of Columbus
Delano vs. George W. Morgan, from the thir-
teenth district of-Ohio; which were referred
to the Committee of Elections.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
papers in the contested election of William P.
Switzler vs. George Anderson, from the
ninth district of Missouri; which were referred
to the Committee of Elections.
■ The SPEAKER also laid before' the House
papers in the contested election of James H.
Birch vs. Robert T. Van Horn, from the sixth
district of Missouri; which were referred to
the Committee of Elections.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
papers in the contested' election of S. E. Smith
vs. John Young Brown, from the second dis-
trict of Kentucky; which were referred to the
Committee Of Elections. •
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a notice of contest in the case of Samuel
McKee vs. John D. Young, claiming a seat as
a Representative from the ninth district of
Kentucky; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
ADJOURNMENT OVER .FOURTH OP JULY.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsyl-
vania, it was
Ordered, That when the House adjourns to-day it
be to meet on Friday next.
COMMITTEE ON RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. It being
desirable that a committee on the subject of
reconstruction should be appointed, I havo
consulted with several gentlemen as to whether
we should revive the joint committee of fifteen
or appoint a separate committee for this House.
After consulting with my colleague on that com-
mittee, the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bing-
ham,] and several Senators, they have all agreed
that the most convenient method is for each
House to appoint its separate committee. I
therefore ask unanimous consent to offer the
following resolution :
Resolved, That a committee of nino be appointed
to inquire what furtherlegislation, if any, is required
respecting the acts of March 2 and March 2-J>, 1867,
or other legislation on reconstruction, and to report
by bill or otherwise.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I objcct.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
to suspend the rules to permit the introduction
of the resolution.
The motion was agreed to, (two thirds voting
in favor thereof,) and the resolution was intro-
duced.
Mr. ELIOT. I desire to amend the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] by adding thereto the follow-
ing:
Resolved further. That a bill perfecting and
strengthening the military reconstruction act, so-
called, or otherwise providing for the establishment
of civil government within the southern States, be
reported and acted on as soon as practicable; that no
proposition for general legislation be entertained
during this session of Congress: ond_ that all mat-
ters calling for such legislation be laid on the table
without debate.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I have
no objection to tie amendment, except the
latter part*in regard to general legislation,
which seems to me somewhat objectionable.
I am willing to accept all but that part.
Mr. ELIOT, liather than accede to that
proposition I would prefer to withdraw the
amendment and offer it as a separate propo-
sition.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Very
