•1867.
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
481
BUSINESS Off THE SESSION.
Mr. ANTHONY. I beg leave to offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the business of this session should
be confined to removing the obstructions which have
been, or are likely tobe, placed in the way of the fair
execution ot the acts of reconstruction heretofore
adopted by Congress, and to giving to said aots tho
scope intended by Congress when the same were
passed; and that farther legislation at this session,
on tlie subj cot 01 reconstruction or on any other sub-
jects, is not expedient.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection, the question is on agreeing to
the resolutioti.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Sen-
ator to strike out the word '' should11 at the
beginning of the resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. I accept that amendment.
Mr._ SUMNER. Does the Senator press the
adoption of that resolution to-day ?
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask its present consid-
eration if there be no objection.
_ Mr. SUMNER. I will not object to its con-
sideration to-day, because I would not need-
lessly throw any barrier in the wdy of its con-
sideration.
Mr. GRIMES. Then it is under considera-
tion, if there be no objection to it.
Mr. SUMNER. But at the proper time I
shall have something to say about it, of course.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. Before a resolution of such
importance, so open to criticism, so doubtful
in point of order, so plainly contrary to the spirit
of the Constitution, is brought under consider-
ation, I do think that the Senator who brings it
forward should enlighten us in regard to its
object, and the reasons in justification of so
extraordinary a proposition. I really appeal
to my friend to be good enough to let us know
the reasons for such a-proposition.
Mr. ANTHONY. I supposed the reason
for this proposition .was so evident to every
Senator who has conversed with the members
of the body that it would require no explana-
tion whatever. We adjourned at the first ses-
sion of the Fortieth Congress under a resolu-
tion which was read at the desk yesterday,
which contemplated a session in July, provided
the Senators and Representatives, acting upon
their individual judgment, should come here
in sufficient numbers to form a quorum, and in
the event that a quorum was not formed in
both Houses then the Presiding Officers were
directed immediately to adjourn the two Houses
without day. A quorum would not have
assembled had it not been thought that some
amendment was necessary to the reconstruc-
tion law. I do not state this as an opinion;
I state it as a fact within my own knowledge.
There were thirty-five Senators answered to
their names on Wednesday. More than eight
Senators have told me that they should not
have come here but for that reason. I believe,
Mr. President, that we have comehere in obe-
dience to the public sentiment of the country.
I think that the public sentiment of the coun-
try demanded that there should be some legis-
lation in order to make the reconstruction acts
precisely what we intended them to be, and
not as they have been construed, I do not say
improperly, for I am not a lawyer and do not
pretend to judge upon that, by the Attorney
General. Whether the construction is a per-
fectly fair one, or whether it is a technical one,
it certainly does not give to those acts the in-
tention which Congress had in passing them;
and I believe the country demanded that we
should come here and make those acts as we
intended them and as they received the very
general approbation of the entire country. I
think that the same sentiment which required
us to meet for this purpose requires that we
should confine ourselves to that object. I
think it would be very disastrous to the busi-
ness of the country if we should now take up
the questions of tariff and of finance and of
currency. I believe it would be disastrous to
the political interests of the country, which,
in my judgment, are identified with the inter-
40th Cong, 1st Sess.—No. 81.
ests of the dominant party in this Chamber, if
we should go into the discussion of general
political questions. The resolution which is
now before the Senate has been, by a similar
one in the House of Representatives, passed
by so large a majority that the opponents of it
could not call the yeas and nays. I suppose
it is not improper to make a reference to that,
showing that it is the'sentiment alike of the
House as I believe it to be of the Senate; and
I have offered' this resolution supposing that
it would command the approbation of a very
great majority of the body.
Mr. SUMNER. Listening to my friend
carefully, he will pardon me if I say I did not
understand that he assigned any real reason
why the Senate should not proceed with the
consideration of busines^positively requiring
attention. I did not understand him to assign
any reason.
Mr. ANTHONY. It must have been my
fault; I did not make myself clearly under-,
stood..
Mr. SUMNER. I understood tho Senator
to say that we should not begin to consider
matters of finance and of tariff; I did not
understand the Senator to go beyond that.
Mr. ANTHONY. All political legislation.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; then I under-
stand the limitations of the Senator. May I
ask the Senator why he has not introduced
those limitations into his resolution ?
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not know of any
other subjects that could be brought forward
except finance, tariff, currency, and general
political legislation. I think that includes
everything; and the legislation in regard to
the amendment of the reconstruction act is
especially excepted. I intended that it should
exclude everything else. If I have not done
so, my friend from Massachusetts, who is so
much better able than myself to draw a tech-
nical resolution, can suggest an amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. If I can have the attention
of my friend, I believe that he will be satisfied
that lie has made a mistake in presenting any
such resolution. Meanwhile [ send to the
Chair a substitute. I move that all after the
word "resolved" be stricken out, and what I
now offer be inserted instead:
That tho Senate will proceed, under its rules, to tho
dispatch of the public business requiring attention,
and to this end all petitions and bills will bo refei red
for consideration to tho appropriate committees with-
out undertaking in advance to limit tho action of
Congress to any special subjcct and to deny a hear-
ing on all other subjects.
I object to the proposition that has been in-
troduced by my friend from Rhode Island, and
which I cannot but think he has introduced
hastily and without sufficient consideration, or
at any rate under influences which I think his'
own better judgment should have rejected. I
am against it on several grounds. If I said it
was contrary to precedent, I should not err;
for the attempt that was made the other day
to show that there was any precedent to sanc-
tion sueh a proceeding, it seems to me, sig-
nally failed. Our attention was then called to
a resolution adopted at a session of Congress
convened by the President of tho United States
for a declared purpose, announced at the time
in advance. I think that even the course that
Congress took was regarded as questionable;
but the two cases are different. The present
session is not in its character like that. It is
a continuing session of a Congress begun on
the 4th day of March last. It is simply a pro-
longation of that session ; and the practical
question is, whether you will undertake to
limit the business of Congress in a general ses-
sion called under a statute of the United States.
Clearly there is no precedent for any such pro-
ceeding. You plunge into darkness without a
SUBut I go further, and I say that, even if there
were a precedent, I would reject it, for I pre-
fer much more to follow the Constitution of
my country. I will not say that the text of the
Constitution positively forbids the proposition
of my friend from Kliode Island , but I do
insist that tho spirit of the Constitution is
against it. How often in other times have we
all throbbed with indignation at the resolu.tioji
passed in the.,other House, a.y, also iw this
Chamber, to stifle discussion on certain ques-
tions. You do not forg(!t the odioug rule, which
went by the name of the "gag," and it had
attached to it the name of its author, which
began with the letter "A." I hope tljere will
be no other gag of a larger character intro-
duced on this occasion to be classified with the
letter A. That was justly offensive, because it
violated the right of petition; but you propose
now not only to interfere with the right of pe-
tition, but also with all possible measures con-
cerning the public welfare, except as .they may
relate to one single matter, and that viewed in
its narrowest relations.
I object to such a proposition as in its spirit
unconstitutional. I appeal to my associates to
reject it that it may not pass into our history
as a tyrannical precedent of evil example to
be employed against freedom. You may see,
sir, how obstructive it will be if you will glance
at certain matters which have come within my
own knowledge, and which I submit it is our
duty now to consider, and my duty as a Sen-
ator to press upon your attentions. No relations
that I may have with any political associates
can absolve me from responsibility.
Every Senator doubtless has within his own
knowledge business which he thinks deserves
attention at this moment; other business which
he does not doubt must be acted on. There
are Senators on the other side of the Chamber
who will plead the cause of the frontiers now
menaced by the Indians. I have heard some-
thing of that peril from chance travelers there
during these few weeks past; and yet by tho
proposition of my friend from Rhode Island
we are to abandon tho frontiers, and I know
no other reason than that the weather is loo
hot. Ay, it may be hot in this Chamber, but
it is hotter there. The reports from the fron-
tiers show that danger has begun. The sound
of the war-whoop has broke even into this
Chamber. The corpses of yourfellow-country-
men are lying unburied on the roadside, and
their memories hauut you. And yet you fold
your hands and decline to supply the needed
protection. This will not do.
There are matters which come within my
own personal knowledge from the business
that, is before the committee with which I have
the honor to be connected. There is a treaty
with the Government of Venezuela, in South
America, which has been ratified since we left
these Chambers a few weeks ago, and after
much delay, under which citizens of the Uni-
ted States have important interests. Will you
leave those interests without any provision be-
cause it is hot? A statute is needed in order
to provide the means for carrying that treaty
into execution. It creates a mixed commis-
sion in order to audit and consider ccrtain
claims upon that Government. My attention
has been called to it by the late minister of the
United States in a letter now in my hand, dated
at New York the 3d day of July, and which I
have received since I had the honor of address-
ing the Senate Wednesday last. I refer to Mr.
Culver, who calls my attention particularly to
this treaty and the importance of immediate
action with regard to it by Congress. He says;
"Many of the claimants have been delayed thirty
years and more in getting their claims adjust™!.
Some of the witnesses are old and likely to die. It is
all important to these claimants thatthe commission
be organized as soon as may be and enter on its work.
Tt is limited, bv the terms of tho treaty, to twolvo
months. If Congress Jnake no appropriation for it
the commission will not bo appointed till winter,''thus
delaying the whole matter."
Here are ancient claimants, long delayed
and now looking to you for aid; not improp-
erly, for it is theira-ight.
So much for the treaty of Venezuela. And
yet the proposition of my friend from Rhode
Island, if adopted, will cut off these claimants
from the aid which you owe them at this time.
Then comes another treaty, to which 1 refer
also, because the ratifications have been ex-
changed, and it has been proclaimed by the
President of the United States. I mean that
