482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
Important treaty by which the Emperor of
Russia has ceded to the United States all his
possessions on the North American continent.
The ratifications were exchanged only about a
fortnight ago. Yesterday, the 4th of July, I
received a call from the minister of Russia,
who put in my hand a cable dispatch which
came to him yesterday from St. Petersburg,
announcing that on the day before the Russian
commissioner had left St. Petersburg for
Washington to make the formal surrender of
that vast region to the United States. To my
inquiry when the commissioner would arrive,
the minister replied, "In one fortnight." In
one fortnight, then, final proceedings will be
had for the establishment of your jurisdiction
over that immense region, and two questions
now arise: first, your duty to complete the
contract by which you are bound in consider-
ation of the cession to pay §7,200,000; and,
secondly, your other duty to provide a proper
government for this immense region. But the
proposition of my friend from Rhode Island
would exclude these important topics from our
consideration. We are not to look at them ; the
weather is too hot i
Mr. ANTHONY. I said nothing about the
weather.
Mr. SUMNER. A very eminent French
writer says that all his most important ideas
are to be read between the lines ; and so, as I
listened to the speech of my friend from Rhode
Island, I fell really that his important ideas
were left unsaid ; he had in his mind ail the time
the hot weather.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator will allow
me, I should really think, from the reply which
he has made to my speech, that he has been
replying to what he thinks I might have said,
but did not say. I said nothing at all about
the hot weather. I think it very unworthy of
this body to take into consideration the per-
sonal convenience of Senators. If the public
business demanded that they should remain, [
hope no Senator, however inconvenient it might
be, would refuse to do so. I would stay here
until December if I thought the public business
demanded that we should stay here.
Mr. SUMNER. Rut I ask my friend if he
is not in favor of carrying out the treaty which
has already boon ratified?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It will be time enough
to do that at the next session.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is impossible to do
that, because the House of Representatives
have already decided that they will not take
up that business, and we cannot do it alone.
Mr. SUMNER. One of the Senators about
me says "it will be time enough to do that at
the next session," and the other says "it is
impossible to take it up, because the House
have already provided otherwise." How does
the Senator know it? Let the Senate proceed
to do its duty, throwing its responsibility upon
the House if it, chooses to neglect the business.
Mr. ANTHONY. Would the Senator have
the Senate originate an appropriation bill?
Mr. SUMNER. 1 would have the Senate
originate a bill for the government of this ter-
ritory, and if need be, originate a bill for the
payment of the money due. There is no ob*
jeclion in the Constitution to that.
Mr. AlS 1 HONY. It has never been done.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; it has been done again and again.
Mr. ANTHONY. .An appropriation bill
originated in the Senate?
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, yes.
Mr. ANTHONY. I never knew that to be
done but once, and then the House rejected it,
refused to consider it.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator refers to what
are called the general appropriation bills. The
Senate constantly makes appropriations for
individual cases and for carrying out treaties.
Does it not appropriate for private claims?
tor salaries? for other obligations? In prin-
ciple, the present case does not differ from an
appropriation for an estate adjoining the Cap-
itol. It is an estate adjoining the Capitol) but
it is to be paid for.
■Now, that I may make this still clearer, I
beg to call attention to the very words of the
treaty with Russia, which I have in my hands.
By article four it is provided, as follows:
"His Majesty the Emperor of all the Russiasshall
appoint witheonvenientdispatch an agent or agents
for the purpose of formally delivering to a similar
agent or agents appointed on behalf of the United
States, the territory, dominion, property, dependen-
cies, and appurtenances which are ceded as above,
and for doing any other act which may-be necessary
in regard thereto; but the cession, with the right of
immediate possession, is nevertheless to be deemed
complete and absolute on the exchange of ratifica-
tions, without waiting for such formal delivery."
So „ that by terms of the treaty on the ex-
change of ratifications, you became the pos-
sessors of this jurisdiction; and now by the ap-
proaching surrender, through an official agent,
your jurisdiction will be consummated. With
this jurisdiction will be corresponding respon-
sibilities. You must govern the territory; you
must provide protection for the property and
the other interests there. Already, by the
telegraph, we learn that a large ship is. about
to leave San Francisco, for Sitka, with mer-
chandise of all kinds. There is also the im-
mense fur trade, which has been the exclusive
Russian interest there ever since the discovery
of the country, all of which will be left open,
without any regulation, unless you interfere by
appropriate law. There is that most import-
ant fur, which was the origin of wealth on that
whole northwestern coast, the sea otter, which
will be exposed to lawless and destructive
depredation unless the Government supplies
some regulations. Will you not do some-
thing? Will you leave these interests without
any care ? This will not do.
It is said that they may be considered next
winter. Do not forget the distance between
Washington and that far away region; you
will then see how long you postpone the es-
tablishment of your jurisdiction. Months after
Congress meets next December must elapse,
leaving this region absolutely without any
congressional government. There should be
no delay ; you should proceed at once ; you
certainly will not show yourselves worthy to
possess this country unless you provide at
once a proper government. If you leave it
a prey to lawless adventure you will only
increase the difficulties of dealing with a region
so vast and so remote.
But there is another obligation still. You
receive the territory: you ought to pay the
money at the same time. A Senator before
me cries out, "It will not be appropriated at
this cession."
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not due yet.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says.it is not
due yet. I ask the Senator's attention to the
point. I understand as a matter of history in
this negotiation that while it was proceeding
it was proposed that the payment should be on-
the exchange of ratifications, so that when the
cession was completed the transaction on onr
part should be completed also : but as the
treaty was about being drawn up it was under-
stood that there would be no meeting of Con-
gress before next December, whilethe ratifica-
tions might be exchanged before that time,
lo meet this case a special provision was
introduced extending the time of payment to
a period of ten months from the exchange of
ratifications. This explains the article which
I will now read:
"In consideration of the cession aforesaid the Uni-
ted btatos agree to pay at the Treasury in Washing-
ton, within ten months after the exchange of the
ratifications of this convention, to the diplomatic
representative or other agent of his Majesty the
Jsmporor of all tue Russias duly authorized to receive
the same, $7,200,000 in gold."
By the letter of the treaty as it stands you
may if you see fit postpone the payment to ten
months from the exchange of ratifications; but
I submit to the Senator from Vermont whether
he is willing to do so ; whether, since the trans-
action has been consummated on the part of
Russia, he is not willing—nay, desirous also—
that it shall be consummated also on the part
or the United States in the spirit of the original
negotiation? I submit this as a question of
sound policy—I will not say of integrity, but
simply of sound policy on the part of our Gov-
ernment—a Republic representing republican
institutions, by whose conduct republican in-
stitutions are always to be judged. Surely you
will not fail to protect the national honor ; nor
will you stick at the letter of the treaty. The
'money should be paid at once.
I have alluded to two important matters
arising under treaties which now require the
attention of Congress. But there is still an-
other which is more important than any treaty
or any appropriation, which dwarf treaties
and dwarf appropriations, which is not less
important certainly than the protection of
your frontier, now menaced by the Indians.
I refer to a whole region of our Republic, em-
bracing two extensive States, now menaced by
a foe more dangerous to the national peace
and welfare than any tribe of Indians. These
are the returning rebels in the States of Ken-
tucky and Maryland. Provide against them.
They are Indians within your jurisdiction.
You have the power; you have the means.
Give the ballot to the colored citizens in those
States, as you have given it already to colored
citizens in the rebel States, and you will have
an all-sufficient protection against these in-
truders. Here is something to be done. Who
doubts the power? Out of three fountains in
the Constitution it may be derived. It is your
duty, then, to exercise it. See to it that these
States have a republican government. Fix in
your statute-book an authoritative definition
of a Republic. Enforce the two amendments
, of the Constitution—one abolishing slavery,
and the other declaring the rights of citizens.
Any delay on your part to exercise so clear a
power is a failure of duty, and it becomes
more reprehensible when we consider the
perils that may ensue. Communicate, if vou
please, with Union citizens of those two States.
Listen to what they say. Be taught by their
testimony. .
I have, for instance, a letter from an emi-
nent citizen of Maryland, written from Balti-
more the 1st of July, which concludes as fol-
lows :
" I will only add that the interest folt by the loyal
people of this State in the passage of this bill cannot
be overstated."
Communicate with your late colleague upon
this floor, that able and patriotic Senator, Mr.
Creswell. Listen to his testimony. There can
be no doubt that the Unionists, whether black
or white, in Maryland require your protection.
Give it to them. Do not leave them a prey to
rebels. They are exposed in the same way in
Kentucky. Here is a letter which I have from
a distinguished citizen of that State, dated
July 1, and I read these, out of many others,
simply because they are the latest; they have
come within a few hours. I read as follows:
"I'hopo you will bo able to do good at the extra
session, and extend and protect the rights ot the
ireedmen, as they are sadly in need of it in Ken-
tucky. Reconstruct us. This is the only loyal hope."
Such is the cry. Kentucky needs recon-
struction, and it is your duty to provide it.
Put it on an equality with the rebel States.
Let her colored citizens enjoy the full-blown
rights of citizens, and let the white Unionists
there have the protection of their votes. You
sent muskets once. Send votes now.
Now, you have on your table a bill entitled
as follows : '' To enforce the several provis-
ions of the Constitution abolishing slavery,
declaring the immunities of citizens, and guar-
antying a republican form of government by
securing the elective franchise to colored citi-
zens." Pass this bill, and you furnish the
needed protection in these semi-rebel States.
Pass this bill, and you supersede all strife on
this much vexed and disturbing question in
other States of the Union. You at once bring
to the elective franchise thousands of good
citizens, pledged- by their lives and inspired
by their recently received rights to sustain the
good cause which you have so much at heart.
Do this. Help in this way the final settlement
of the troubles of our country. Pass this bill
of peace, for such it will be, giving repose in
