186?,
THE OONGRESSIOmL GLOBE,
■who, understand the business for which they
go out in that country, and not, as has been
the case thus far, decimate the Army by con-
stant desertions, and the carrying off of arms,
horses, and entire equipments.
There is another matter, also, upon which
legislation is very essential for the future pre-
servation of peace in that country. We can
never have peace there while the Indians roam
over the Plains which are traversed "by the two
lines of communication now in progress of
construction toward the mountains. What
we desire is the removal of those Indians to
sefetions of the country north and south of that
district—a measure which cannot be done by
the War Department, by the Indian Bureau,
or by any other Department of the Govern-
ment without the concurrence of Congress,
without the specific action of this body. To do
this, we must have, in a resolution like this,
some latitude more than is granted. We do
not wish to be cut off and our country kept in
that harassed condition in which it has been
for years without some prospect of relief.
I hope, therefore, that cither the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts, or
something similar to it, will carry. I do not
wish to tie up my hands to legislate upon only
one specific subject, when there are so many
which demand our earnest attention. I agree
with the general public sentiment, that we
should take up no matters of general legisla-
tion ; that we should confine our action mainly
to the matter of reconstruction upon which
we are convened. But there are others, this
among them, which is nearest to the delegation
from my State, that are absolutely essential.
The public opinion of that State is such that
it is equivalent to an' instruction, as impera-
tive upon us as the vote of the Legislature
could be, and it constitutes an instruction
which we cannot disobey.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to say one word
in connection with this subject. I have the
honor to hold iu this body the position of chair-
man of tfie Committee on Manufactures, and
I t'uink that I speak advisedly when I say that
the people of this country engaged in those.
industrial pursuits which that committee rep-
resent would not be prejudiced by permitting
their interests to stand as they are to-day with-
out any further legislation. I believe that the
industrial interests of this country, represented
by its manufacturers, will be promoted by post-
poning all legislation in reference thereto until
December. For my own part, occupying a
position of such labor, as is known to Senators
here, as the chairman of that committee, 1
do not wish to invite, during the warm days of
hot July, the attendance of the people of this
country who are interested in those subjects ;
and 1 nail with great delight the fact thai they
have postponed the consideration of those
subjects until a later day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive a message from the House of Rep-
resentatives.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhbrson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(II. It. No. 53) tendering the thanks of Con-
gress to Major General Philip H. Sheridan,
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested.
BUSINESS OF THE SESSION.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolution offered by Mr. Axthont, the pend-
ing question being on the amendment proposed
by Mr. Sumner.
Mr. TIPTON and Mr. THAYER addressed
the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Nebraska, on the left, [Mr. Tii'i'O.v. ]
Mr. THAYER. I only rise to allude to a
statement made by the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs, if I can get his attention.
Mr. TIPTON. I thought the Chair recog-
nized me.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I recog-
nized the other Senator from Nebraska, [Mr.
1'rwjoN.]
Mr. THAYER. I beg pardon.
Mr. TIPTON. I do not wish to be at all
discourteous to my eolleagne; but as we are
on'this subject, and as his side of the Senate
has had two speeches on it already from the
neighboring State of Kansas, as a matter of
course I feel a little tenacious that we on this
side representing Nebraska should have an
opportunity of saying one word. I do not wish
the country to understand that Kansas has all
the Indians that are West. I wish it had.
"While I desire at all times to be able to con-
cur, especially with that part of the Senate
with which 1 am politically identified, in the
passage of any resolution that seems to receive
such universal favor as this does, yet I must
admit that I am somewhat embarrassed in
regard to voting for the original resolution;
and it is, as the representatives from Kansas
have already indicated, on account of the con-
dition of the frontier. I have all faith in the
Secretary of War and all faith in the chairman
of the Military Committee of the Senate as
to their good and kind intentions toward us
upon the frontier; and yet I do not believe
that our present system of warfare is worth
anything; and I mean more than is couched
in that word '1 anything'' when I utter it. It lias
done nothing for us on the frontier. For the
last three years our people have been slaugh-
tered every day, and this day, as it is now about
the hour of half past one o'clock, undoubt-
edly has had its victims also. Every day on
the frontier our people are massacred.
Under these circumstances we want some
kind of relief. You ask me what. I tell you
frankly I do not know; but I want any experi-
ment, anything for a change. If I could wield
the legislative power of this nation to-day I
would so remodel the whole system that 1
would make it a high crime for any regular
Army officer to cross the Missouri river lor
the next twelve months; I would olfer a pre-
mium for savage Indian scalps; 1 would enlist
the men of the frontier, whoso lives are iden-
tified with the frontier, and I would fill a vol-
unteer army by the frontiermen themselves; I
would appoint as commanders of ill at army
the men who understand Indian warfare, if it
is to be understood at all. Our present system
is inefficient. We never have successfully com-
bated with savages. Wo may worry them out
by the power of this nation; but we want an
experiment at relief of some kind.
Under these circumstances, therefore, 1 say
emphatically that I am embarrassed in regaid
to voting for the original resolution. _ I do not
desire to show myself captious on this subject,
and will not sit silent; 1 will vote on one side
of the question or the other. 1 never was non-
committal in anything, and I will not consent
to sit silent in my scat and not vote when an
opportunity is given to vote. I propose, there-
fore, to vote; that is my business here; and as
I cannot vote'for the resolution, I shall vote
against the resolution. And now, leaving the
balance that I ought not to say—for probably
I should not have said what I have in this lat-
itude ; it is true, however—I yield to my col-
league.
Mr. WILSON. I wish simply to say that I
am in favor, and I suppose every Senator is in
favor, of protecting the people of this country
against Indians or anybody else tha^ wars on
them. I think the WTar Department has power
enough to do that. If they desired any thing,
I should certainly wish to give it ; and'I cer-
tainly think that the Congress of the United
States, in spite of this resolution, will be dis-
posed to do anything for the protection of the
lives of the people ou the frontier if any plan
can be devised.
But I am very sorry to heaj^the Senator
come in here and talk about offering a reward
for scalps. It seems to me, that is not the
language to be used in this Christian and civ-
ilized country, and I am sorry to hear it. I
will say to the Senator that that kind ot talk
which we have had: on (lie frontier, and the
declarations made in the public |>ress and in
some of the speeches there, tend in the coun-i
try to carry the conviction that the blame is
not all on the side of the Indians, that a-por-
tion of oar own people are nearly as respon-
sible as the Indians themselves for these out-
rages, and that the savage deeds of the Indians
are but little more barbarous and against civ-
ilization than the utterances of some of our
Christian countrymen. I think-in this matter
of dealing with the Indians we should be just
to them; we should act as a Christian and
civilized people. Every effort should be made
to protect our own people against them, and
to preserve the public peace; and I have no
doubt that the War Department of the Gov-
ernment is laboring honestly to that end. I
was exceedingly anxious, when it was sug-
gested by some of our friends here that some
legislation might be necessary in regard to the
Indians, that we should do what we could for
the protection of the frontier ; and I went this
morning to see the Secretary of War for no
other purpose than to ask if hp desired any
legislation in any respect whatever, and he
answered in the most emphatic manner that
he did not.
Mr. TIPTON. The Senator undoubtedly
understands me in this : that so far as tribes
will be bound by treaty stipulations, we will
act in the utmost fairness with them. The
murderous tribes now plundering and desolat-
ing our frontier will be bound by no treaty.
They have no faith to keep with us. They
cannot be intimidated but by an exhibition of
power. You cannot speak to them in regard
to any of the inhumanities of life. You_ can-
not utter to them one single word of Christian
civilization. All is powerless but an exhibition
of power on the part of this Government.
Until you can cause them to fear and tremble
in your presence, until you can make them feel
your power, until they understand that you will
deal with them just as they are dealing with
you, you cannot save the lives of your women
and your children on the frontier; and when
it comes to that I would authorize war upon
these savages that cannot be approached; I
would save the lives of our Christian women.
God help the country and the reputation of the
country when any Senator is to stand in his
place here and dare not be permitted to talk
of the massacres, and worse than massacres, of
the women of his constituency, and not talk
about premiums on savage Indian scalps.
This subjcct is one of vast moment to the
people of the frontier. _ I trust I understand
the amenities of Christian society. ^ I trust I
understand something of Christian civilization.
Why, certainly the light of Massachusetts has
visited us long since upon that subject, and we
are trying to practice Puritanism as best we may
bo able to apply it to practice even in the very
far West. But come ye down to it and furnish
the sons from your own fireside. I boast not
of it; bnt my son has spent summers on that
very frontier, and farther on than where the
war wages to-day, and he informed me of thQ
safety of his condition when he boasted that
he had two companions with himself, and by
burrowing in the earth it was thought probable
that they could hold at bay a large number of
savages until aid could approach them. Our
people are in their cabins to-day; they are in
their dirt-covered hovels to-day, and they are
looking from their loopholes for some relief;
and therefore I stand here proudly to vindicate
the doctrine with regard to those Indians who
can hold no faith with you—premiums, any-
thing, paid in gold for those savages' scalps.
Mr. POMEROY. As the passage of this
resolution—for I think it is to pass—may em-
barrass us, I move to postpone its further con-
sideration, in order to take up a joint resolu-
tion which has just come from the House of
Representatives. I want to pass that joint res-
olution, and it should be passed before this
resolution is adopted. I, therefore, move to
postpone the further consideration of the reso-
lution before the Senate.
