1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
407
it does not take place there will be a condition
of things which the country will not. approve,
even if Congress can approve it. I have not
proposed to ask for any legislation in reference
to the Army, to increase it; but I did propose
at least to favor a bill -which looked to a final
disposition of all the Indian tribes between
the -Missouri river and the Rooky mountains,
putting them on two reservations which shall
be perpetual, and thus to stop an Indian war,
if possible, or avert a protracted continuance
of it. It is not military legislation that is
needed; it is authority to carry out some plan
of that sort. Something of that sort is abso-
lutely necessary, rendered so by the condition
of things all along the Indian border. If it is
proposed to carry on an Indian war as at pres-
ent it is conducted, the historian of this coun-
try will write the history of an Indian farce
more disagreeable to refer to than the Indian
campaigns of Florida. General Sherman in-
formed me about ten days ago that he had only
troops enough to guard and keep open the two
lines of communication. He said that he had
no power and no means to go beyond that;
ana that he cannot do effectually. The legis-
lation which I propose to favor is of a different
character, and it is that subject which I wish
to bring up and in that light, not having refer-
ence to an increase of the Army or the forces
in the field.
Mr. CAMERON. I feel somewhat embar-
rassed in giving my vote on this resolution, for
the reason that I came here hoping that we
should take up all matters connected with the
question of reconstruction ; and especially did
1 hope that the bill introduced some time ago
by the Senator from Massachusetts, giving the
right of suffrage to all citizens in all the States
of the Union, would receive the attention of
Congress at this session. I still desire that
that should' be the case; but I have gone into
a consultation on this subject, and it is deemed
wise by our friends that we shall not touch
any of these collateral questions at this time.
Having gone into that consultation, I feel
bound to act with the majority. I wish it were
otherwise; but feeling bound as I do by the
result of that consultation, I shall vote against
this amendment, regretting that I am com-
pelled to do so, because I should greatly pre-
fer remaining here. The heat does not incom-
mode me at all. This is a very pleasant place,
much more pleasant'than any houses or rooms
we can find elsewhere. The atmosphere is fine
and delicious. I think we could go on now
during the heated term and discuss all the
great questions 'of the country better than we
shall be able to do it after awhile, during the'
cold season, when we shall get benumbed in
passing through the wide avenues of this city,
and then come here and find these Chambers
not properly heated, as is often the case. I
think we should get along much better now,
and that it would be better for the country.
But I know discussing this question will do no
good. There is a majority here determined
not to bring up any measure except the main
question of compelling the President to do his
duty in this great crisis of the country. We
might debate this matter for a week and we
should not change a vote; and therefore why
shall we occupy the time uselessly? For the
reason I have stated I shall vote against this
amendment..
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, upon which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 6, nays 26 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Ross, Sumner, Thayer,
Tipton, and Wade—6.
NAYS-Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cameron,
C-itteil Conkling, Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry, Fesseii-
.1™Frelinehuysen, Grimes, Harlan, Henderson,
Howard Mofsan, Morrill of Maine, Patterson of
New Hampshne, Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy,
Barney? Spi ague, Trumbull, Van Winkle. Willey,
WABSENT-^MeSrs/Bayard, Cole, Conness, Corbelt,
Davis. Dixon, Doolittle, Drake, V.
Hendricks, Howe, Johnson, Morrill of \ crmont,
Morton, Norton, Nye, Saulsbury, Sherman, Stewart,
and Williams—21.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. ROSS. I offer an amendment to the
resolution, to add after the word "subjects"
in the last line the words "except such as
may be rendered necessary for the preserva-
tion of the peace on the western frontiers," so
that the resolution will read:
Resolved, That the legislative) business of this ses-
sion be confined to removing the obstructions which
have been, or are likely to be, placed in the way of
the fair execution of the acts of reconstruction here-
tofore adopted by Congress, and to giving to said acts
the scope intended by Congress when the same were
passed ^ and that farther legislation at this session on
the subject of reconstruction or other subjects, except
such as may be rendered neoessary for the preserva-
tion of the peace on the western frontiers, is not
expedient.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the amendment
will not prevail. If any legislation should
become necessary for the preservation of peace
on the frontiers, the -order adopted is in the
control of the Senate at any time. If we
make this exception, we must make a great
many others. The Secretaryof War says he
requires no legislation. The legislation which
my friendfrom Kansas requires, if I understood
his remarks, was a bill to collect all the Indians
in one vast reservation, a bill that could not
be passed through both Houses of Congress
short of three months legislation. I do not
know of any other except the one alluded to
by the Senator from Nebraska, [Mr. Tipton,]
who proposes thatwe shall remain here to per-
fect a bill for offering rewards for the scalps
of Indians.
Mr. TIPTON. That can be put as an
amendment to his bill. [Laughter.]
Mr. ANTHONY. As an amendment to I
the bill of the Senator from Kansas. I hope |
we shall not remain here for either of those
purposes.
Mr. ROSS. The reason why I offer this
amendment is, that I do not wish to leave this
subject to any contingency by which it may be .
defeated by some Senator objecting to the in-
troduction of such a measure. Very likely
such an objection would bo made, and it would
rise from the unbelief which pervades a large
portion of the eastern States that there is any
necessity for such logislation. In proof of the
opinion that something is necessary, that war
exists on the frontier, that our settlers are be-
ing driven in, that public improvements are
stopped, I send to the desk a proclamation
just issued by the Governor of my State, which
i ask to have read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read if there be no objection.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
proclamation.
State of Kansas, Executive Office,
Xophka, July 1,18t>7.
Central and western Kansas has been, and is still,
overrun and invaded by bands of hostile Indians,
who are indiscriminately murderine, scalping, and
mutilating:our frontierscttlers, travelcrson the great
western thoroughfares, and the employes 9n the
Union Pacific railway, eastern division. I hey have
almost entirely "cut off communication between Kan-
sas and the States and Territories west. Ihe United
States forces now on the Plains are unable to pro-
tect life and property. And, having received author-
ity from Lieutenant General Sherman to raise a
volunteer cavalry force of eight companies, to be
mustered into the United States service for tour
months, unless sooner discharged, I therefore appeal
to all good citizens of tho State to favor, facilitate,
and aid this effort to protect the frontier settler, the
traveler, and tho workmen engag-ed in the construc-
tion of the great national thoroughfaie, the union
Pacific railway, eastern^ivgion.
Mr ANTHONY. That shows that the Gov-
ernor of Kansas is taking care of the State
very well, and the Secretary of AVar says he
will require no legislation. If any legislation
, should be necessary, if it has friends enough
to be passed through the body, it will have
friends enough to rescind this; order.
' Mr. POMEROY.- The Senator must be aware
that there, is no appropriation for the pay of
V°Mr' ANTHONY. If it should be the senti-
ment'of the body that such an appropriation
ought to be made, the number necessary to
pass the appropriation will be sufficient to
rescind tftis order ; and if it should be found
necessary there will be no difficulty in doing
it. Certainly I shall be in favor of it if it shall
be found necessary; but if you make one ex-
ception, you will have to make another, and
thus you will fritter away the resolution so that
nothing will be left. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. ROSS. The difficulty is that one objec-
tion, as I understand the rule, will preclude
the offering of any such proposition.
Mr. ANTHONY. But the order can be
rescinded on one day1 s_ notice. A motion can
be made to rescind this order, and it , can be
considered the following day, and then a ma-
jority can repeal it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the* ques-
tion on the amendment and declared that the
ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays. [" No, no; we will vote it down."] I
withdraw the call.
Mr. TIPTON. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will simply say before
the vote is taken that if this amendment pre-
vails we shall be obliged to admit a great many
others, which have just as good a claim upon
us. We might as well not pass the orfler at
all unless we pass it absolutely, reserving to
ourselves, as we cannot deprive ourselves of,
tho power of rescinding it on one day's notice.
The only effect of this order is, that it prevents
the consideration of any other subject without
one day's notice.
Mr. HARLAN. From the representations
made by Senators from several of the States
there is an immediate necessity for legislation
on the subject they name. I am disposed to
conform my action to the judgment of my po-
litical friends in the Senate ; but I think they
ought not to insist on a rule so rigid as to cut
off legislation on a subject of this kind. They
say there is an immediate necessity for legis-
lation on the subject to preserve the lives of
families exposed on the western frontier. In
the face of that statement made by several
Senators on their authority as such on this
floor, I am not willing to adopt a rule to cut
off the necessary legislation.
Mr. HO WARD. I shall vote in favor of this
amendmentof the Senator from Kansas. From
the accounts which we get in the newspapers
and from various other sources, it can no
longer be concealed that there is a very men-
acing and' dangerous state of things existing
along the frontier between the settlers and the
Indian tribes; and I think the necessity of
making some provision for the protection of
the pioneers is at this time very pressing upon
us. It is a subject which I do not feel at lib-
erty to dismiss from my mind as a member of
this body. Only a few days ago a son of my
own, on his return from western Kansas with
a little party whom ho accompanied, came
across the dead body of a settler, who had
been in that region for some short space of
time, but who had been deliberately murdered
by a band of Indians in pursuit of plunder.
Having murdered the man and scalped him,
they robbed him of his stock and some other
articles of personal property and made their
escape. My son assisted in bearing away the
dead body and burying it. _ From various
other sources I gather that this state of things
is very prevalent throughout the West all along
the frontier; and I do think it is the duty of
Congress to do something to protect the set-
tlers who settle upon tho Plains and expose
themselves to such dangers. I dp not think
we shall occupy much time about it. It may
be necessary to enact some law for raising
troops for the protection of the frontier ; it
may be necessary to make an appropriation of
money for this same purpose: and I do not
wish to tie my hands upon a subject which is
so pressing upon us, and as to which certainly
the country, and particularly the frontier set-
