1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
491
should not have said a word in explanation of
my vote but for the fact that it has been said
here that a judgment has already gone, a
judgment which is binding upon the individual
members of the Senate, and that we are pre-
cluded by some decision reached elsewhere
from offering any opposition to, or giving votes
against, the resolution proposed by the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island. I do not understand
that any such judgment has been entered up
against me. At the only consultation that!
ever heard of on this subject, it will be re-
membered by those who were present at the
time that consultation took place that I stated
that I could not be made by any human power
to vote for such a proposition as this offered
by the Senator from Rhode Island before the
Senate; not because the constituency that I
represent have any grievance to lay before this
body that I know of; as far as I know they are
satisfied in the main with the laws already upon
the statute-book, except so far as they refer
to the subject which is excepted in the resolu-
tion ; not because I know Ijiat any legislation
is important to the country in reference to the
question contemplated in the amendment now
pending, but simply because the adoption of
the resolution, if I do not greatly misunder-
stand it, just destroys pro tanto the legislative
character of this body. When you have
adopted that, you are not a Senator except in
reference to one matter. If I understand the
resolution, when you have adopted it I cannot
without a breach of the laws of this House
offer a petition from any portion of the peo-
ple of the United States ; then I cannot with-
out violating the rules of the House introduce
a bill here, no matter how necessary I may
conceive it, no matter how large the interests
involved in it. Now, if it places us in that
predicament, and it seems to me to do so, and
"no less than that, certainly I can no more be
made by the decree of a caucus to vote for
that proposition than I could be made to vote
for one, simply because the caucus had agreed
to it, to strike from anyone, of my fellows liere
his right or his left arm. It changes the char-
acter of the body, and I cannot assent to it.
That is my view of it. I stated it in the
only consultation I eirer attended 011 this sub-
ject. I did not suppose any gentleman would
insist that I was bound by the decision of that
body or by the conclusion arrived at in that
consultation. Having that information before
them, they might have excluded me from the
consultation if they saw fit. I do not know
what penalties I subject myself to by disagree-
ing here and now with the conclusions then
arrived at. Whatever those penalties are I
shall submit to them, I trust, with becoming
grace and fortitude. I must take them. I can-
not submit to do this thing.
Now, upon the pending question, this amend-
ment, I do not undertake to say that legisla-
tion is required in reference to the state of
things on the frontier ; but I do state this, Mr.
President, that you have two lines of railway
stretching toward the West from the Missouri
river through a country over which no mem-
ber of this Senate dares to drive a buggy; over
which no member of this Senate dares to
transport the mails of the United States. It
cannot be done with safety: it can only be
done by large bodies of men. Now, it is use-
less for us to stop here in the very morning of
this session and inquire who is most to blame.
There is the fact; over a portion of your terri-
tory your citizens and your mails cannot go.
You "are providing two great highways, the
avenues for what we believe will be very soon
an immense commerce. The commerce that
now goes over those highways as far as they
extend is not particularly obstructed, because
it is moved with large forces and with great
celerity. I passed over one of those highways
the other day ; I stood upon one of the cars
and was pointed to a ranche which two days
before I stood there was stampeded by a party
of Indians and the stock driven off. I rode
along over that very highway, and from the
window of the car was pointed to the very
spot where the day before we went along a
citizen was shot down by Indians.
Well, now, iu view of this state of fact, it
would seem as though it was necessary that
something should be done. Perhaps the wis-
dom of Congress need not be involved. Per-
haps there are laws on the statute-books
already sufficient t9 enable the executive depart-
ment of the Government to deal with this
question. But the Senator from Missouri has
said that war actually exists, and I was curious
to know how war happened to exist. I under-
stand how it may happen that the military
forces of the United States may be moved to
the defense of these citizens of ours on our
own territory and standing upon our own high-
ways. That is not war. We can repel an
invasion from whatever quarter it comes, or by
whomsoever it is made, without committing an
act of war. But what has been done or what
authority is there which authorizes us to myve
armed forces into the country of any Indian
tribe or of any other mation ? That is what I
want to know. I do not know that they have
gone there. If they have not gone there, and
do not propose to go there, then I take it war
does not exist. It is said they have gone. I
do not know the authority for such a move-
ment; and if they have actually gone there,
they undoubtedly saw the necessity of going
there, and if there is necessity for going there,
it seems to me it is high time we had some
legislation authorizing them to go there.
But, Mr. President, I shall not dwell upon
this branch of the subject at all, because it is
no part of my real reason for voting against
the resolution of the Senator from Rhode Isl-
and that I see any particular legislation other
than that included in his resolution to be
absolutely necessary. As I said in the outset,
and as T repeat in the conclusion, I must be
allowed to vote against that resolution, simply
because I think it deprives the Senate of the
United States of one of its essential attributes,
of its essential character.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President, I rise simply
to correct two misapprehensions of the Sena-
tor from Maine who sits nearest to me, [Mr.
Morrill,] into which he has been led. He
asks where is there an Indian reservation
which is not invaded to-day by the white peo-
ple? Well, 1 respond to him by stating that
there are five Indian reservations within the
State of Nebraska, between which and the
whites there has been the most perfect accord
and friendship for the seven years past; not
the slightest interference or collision between
the Indians upon those reservations and the
white settlers. That is my answer to his inter-
rogatory. These troubles do not arise with
the friendly Indians, but with the hostile In-
dians, which are away beyond Nebraska and
Kansas, upon the Plains, whose lands have not
been invaded by the whites. Those who have
committed these outrages and these murders
are not the Indians whose lands have been
interfered with by the whites. They are those
who have come from their own section of the
country down to the two Pacific railroads, and
there is where they are creating the difficulty.
It is simply a question between civilization
and barbarism. They are opposed to those
two Pacific railroads, and that is, after all, the
real cause of the trouble. So much on that
point..
The Senator from Maine alluded to a report
of a committee which went to the Indian
country some two years ago, and has made
his remarks here based upon the information
which they reported. Now,^ sir, I desire to
characterize that report as it deserves. ^ My
honorable friend knows that I have too high a
regard for him to use any language which he
can construe as disrespectful to him. I can-
not do that, but utterly disclaim it. He has
presented his views, giving as his authority the
information and the report of others. It is
that information, that report from others,
which I, here in this Senate and I do it that
it may go forth to this nation characterize as
a most reckless misrepresentation of the truth,
a most atrocious slander upon the American
people and the American Government; for the
language was that the American Government
and the American people were the sole
aggressors in all these difficulties, that they
had brought about all these Indian troubles
and Indian wars, and were responsible for
all these outrages, murders, and massacres.
I have risen to deny that statement and to
characterize it, I repeat," as a most reckless
misrepresentation of the truth, referring to
those who made it, and not to the honorable
Senator, who has been deceived by that report.
It matters not who they were, what committee,
whether Senators or Representatives, or citi-
zens ; the report is not borne out by the truth.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is the honorable
Senator aware that that report which he so
characterizes was made by a committee of the
Senate?
Mr. THAYER. The Senator referred to a
report made by a committee. He did not state
who composed the committee. But I suppose ,
he referred to one which went over the Plains
some two years ago.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The honorable
Senator I suppose must be aware of the report
which he characterizes. The report to which
I referred and the report which he character-
izes as atrociously false, is a report of a com-
mittee of this body, or rather I believe a joint
committee of the two Houses, and some of its
members are now within the sound of my
voice.
Mr. THAYER.- What I mean to say is,
that such a report is unfounded. I do not
question cither the motives or intentions or
integrity of those who made it, or impute to
them anything wrong. To be more explicit,
I will say, they were most egregiously deceived
by the parlies whose testimony they took in the
matter—by Indian chiefs. I have seen men
deceived by Indian chiefs before. They will
make those who arc not familiar with Indian
character believe almost anything they choose.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will my hon-
orable friend allow me to inquire whether he
has read that report? If so, he must know that
after very long investigation, and upon very
elaborate examination of numerous witnesses
in different parts of that country—not Indians,
not Indian chiefs, but Government officers in
almost every case, superintendents of Indian
affairs, officers of the Army commanding at
the various posts—the committee reported the
conclusion to which I have referred. The com-
mittee, as I understand, resorted to the men
who were governing and directing Indian
affairs in that region of the country, and
intelligent men everywhere. Their sources
of information appear to have been sought
from persons of the highest _ respectabilily,
and those who, on that subject above all
others, might be supposed to be disinterested.
Therefore, I can hardly conceive that it is
possible that such a committee as I know this
to have been, examining the subject as I know
they did, could easily have been imposed
upon to the extent my honorable friend really
suppose they were.
Mr. THAYER. I carefully noted the lan-
guage of my honorable friend from Maine. It
was to this effect, and in almost these words :
that the report justified the charge that the
Government and people were wholly respon-
sible for, and were the aggressors in all these
troubles and outrages. That was his language,
I believe. If I misunderstood him he will
| correct me. If that committee gave currency
' to such a report, I denounce it as a most out-
rageous misrepresentation; and yet I impute
nothing wrong to those who gave currency to
it. They were undoubtedly deceived. I do
not impugn their motives or intentions.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President, I have a
single remark to make in regard to my vote
upon this amendment. I supposed, of course,
there was some understanding in this matter,
and I am perfectly willing to be held to what-
ever understanding really existed at the time
the resolution was agreed upon elsewhere;
