THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
but I was not aware, when th-- resolution was
first brought forward there, that it was to be
dffered here. However, if it ia considered as
binding, I am willing to be bound by it.
Mr. SUMNER. It cannot be binding.
Mr. FOWLER. But I was opposed to it
for this reason: if we can- act prudently' in
caucus, we can act with, equal prudence here.
I do not see any reason why the Senate as a
body cannot condnct'itself as wisely and prop-
erly as it can in any other attitude or under
any other circumstan'ces.1 I was opposed, there-
fore, to every resolution 'of this kind-. I am
perfectly willing, at the same time, so far as I
am concerned, to agree that no other subject
shall corae before the Senate except that which
the majority of this body regard as the im-
portant subject, and the only one for which
they have convened.
Setting out with the position that I am op-
posed to the resolution because I regard it as
an infringement on the rights of every member
of this body, and as very improper in itself—
this is my individual opinion—there is one
other consideration I wish to present. I shall
vote for this amendment, believing that the
Senators who live on the borders and who are
more conversant with the state of things there
than 1 am represent the true condition of the
/acts there; and if they think anything can
be done to mitigate the asperities of the Indian
warfare (here, 1 am willing to aid in doing it.
I do not propose here to inquire whether the
Indians are right or whether we are right.
Perhaps the report which has been referred to
is perfectly correct. I am willing to believe
that it is so; if you please, I am willing to
admit that wc have been to blame in this mat-
ter ; I do not choose to controvert that state-
ment; but if I understand these Senators, this
state of facts exists, that the Indians are
slaughtering the women and children of the
frontier, that they are obstructing the Govern-
ment of the United States, that they are
obstructing our public works. Now, the only
question for us to solve is, have our military
commanders there adequate force to afford
that protection which the citizens require and
demand ?
Again, sir, if our citizens are trespassing
upon the Indians and committing depredations
oti them, is it not the duty of our commanders
to arrest that state of things and to see that our
treaty stipulations are carried out ? Have they
force adequate to do that? I do not believi
they have, for if they had I think they would
use it, and use it efficiently. The fact that they
have not arrested these wars, the fact that they
have not stopped the depredations that are
being committed on our public works, is proof
sufficient to me that they need additional force.
I consider it the duty of Congress at the pres-
ent time to extend to them every aid which is
necessary, and I do not think we can shut our
eyes to the state of facta which has been repre-
sented here by the chairman of th& Committee
on Indian Affairs, [Mr. Henderson.] Under
the very statement he has made here to-day, it
is our duly to consider this subject and to ex-
tend to our commanders on the borders every
facility we possibly can, so as to enable them to
suppress these depredations. At present I do
not know what can be done; but 1 apprehend
something can be done, and that, too, without
hazarding a very extensive or a very expensive
Indian war.
Under this state of facts I feel bound to vote
for this amendment, because I consider it
proper and right, and I cannot discharge my
duty conscientiously without voting for it. I
regard the original resolution as an infringe-
ment of the rights of every Senator, and par-
ticularly of my own rights.
Mr. WADE, (Mr. Fef.ry in the chair.) Mr.
President, I have opposed this resolution, and
I have voted for an amendment entirely in-
compatible with it. My general course in the
Senate, however, is in all cases where nothing
but matters of expediency are involved, to con-
form to the wishes of a majority of the party
with whom I usually act. But there are some
questions, in my judgment, about which a Sen-
ator has no right to conform his view to that
of the majority, and I take this resolution to
be one of that class. In that I may be entirely
mistaken ; but certainly this is, in my judgment,
one of the most dangerous precedents that the
Senate could possibly set for itself. It has been
the policy of this body, so far as I know, at all
times, to oppose all attempts to limit even
debate upon subjects. We have no previous
question. We suffer a great deal undoubtedly
from extended debate, unnecessary debate,
but this body has never thought it best to limit
it at all. But here you not only propose to
limit debate, but to limit the very subject of
debate, to deprive the representative of a State
of the right of bringing forward for the con-
sideration of the Senate those questions that
his constituents may instruct him to bring here.
I have no right to disregard the will of my con-
stituents and say that I will vote for a measure
that will prevent me from bringing their wishes
before this body. At least I think so ; and if I
supposed I had a right to do it, I should be-
lieve, as I said before, that it was a most dan-
gerous precedent. How would a minority in
this body like such a rule as this in high party
times? Gentlemen might come in here ana say,
"We have determined at this session that you
shall bring forward only just such measures as
we see fit that you shall act on ; we limit you
by rules of this body to certain definite and
specified subjects for consideration; and-others
you shall not touch, however important your
constituents may consider them." A State
may consider that she has the highest interests
to be brought forward by her representatives
in this body for the consideration of the body,
and yet if a resolution of this kind can be
adopted, maintained, and enforced'here, you
strike dumb the mouth of your constituents,
no petition upon any subject however import-
ant can be brought before the body; nor can a
representative here state its importance, al-
though his constituents may regard it to be
vital.
Sir, I can go for no such resolution as this,
and I think it totally idle and unnecessary. I
believe it will extend your session infinitely
almost if you adopt it; for it will take longer to
ascertain what comes within the limit of such
a crude resolution as this than it would be to
debate all the subjects presented. You will
find it will be a constant subject of debate
whether whatever measure is sought to be
-brought forward here comes within this rule
or not. It confines us to measures of recon-
struction, a question as wide as the ocean. I
do not know what may not be brought here
under that head and be said to be upon the
subject of reconstruction. Certainly 1 should
judge the measure of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Scmxer] which is to give uni-
versal suffrage by act of Congress, to be upon
the subject of reconstruction, and I think one
of the most efficient measures to that end ; and
yet gentlemen seem to suppose that that is
within the scope of the excluding clause of this
resolution. There may be measures standing
out so palpably apart from the subject of "re-
construction that we can see that we are not
allowed to take them under such a resolution.
We would not go into matters of finance. We
would not go into matters of military concern,
perhaps; and yet the military affairs of the
Government are so intimately connected with
the subject of reconstruction that I hardly know
where you could draw the line.
I do not think the resolution will accomplish
the object that Senators wish to attain by it;
but if there were no other reason than this for
not conforming to the conclusion of the major-
ity, as I understand they have consulted on
the subject and come to this conclusion, I
should forego the opinion I entertain as to its
expediency^ and vote for it; but when I see
that it deprives a Senator of the right to bring
forward a measure that lie deems important,
and to urge it upon the consideration of Con-
gress ; when I see that it deprives a State of the
power to instruct its Representatives what to
do; when I see that it not only cuts off debate,
but limits the subjects of debate ; when I see
that it sets a precedent of the greatest danger
in high party times that would shut out the
minority entirely from the consideration of any
of those subjects that they might deem import-
ant, 1 cannot consent to vote for it. I ask my
friends here who were ia this body years ago,
when we were in a lean minority, how they
would have felt if the ingenuity of our enemies
had then conjured up such a rule as this, and
they had been told "You shall not debate the
subject of slavery, you shall not present a pe-
tition, you shall offer no bill upon the subject,
you shall not agitate it at all in the body." It
would have been a mighty convenient thing
for them; and it may be so again.
Sir, I do hope that no such precedent will
be set; that no such detriment to a minority
will ever be successfully urged here. I can
view it in no other light. This is almost the
first time where when consultations have been
had by my friends and a majority of them have
arrived at a concision, I have differed with
them ; but I cannot see that I have a right to
agree to this proposition, inasmuch as it de-
prives my constituents of the right of bringing
forward through their Senators such .measures
as they deem important. You may reject their
measures, but you cannot, consistently with
the rights of a Senator on this floor, turn your
backs upon what he sees fit to bring forward.
For these reasons I shall vote against the
resolution; and I shall vote for the amend-
ment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I do not
see the danger that the honorable Senator from
Ohio does in the course proposed to be adopted.
It is undoubtedly the right of the majority of
the body, whatever may be the consequences,
to decide what shall be the order of business,
what business shall be taken up, and what'
business shall be omitted; and to say that sub-
jects other than those desirable to be consid-
ered shall be laid upon the table, and not con-
sidered. The power that the majority has over
the business of the body ill these particulars is
unlimited. The danger of the precedent is,
as in all other cases, that a majority may abuse
its power; it may go tOQ far; it may outrage
the rights of the minority; but for all that ii is
responsible to the people; and if it does abuse
its power, if it does outrage the rights of the
minority,"if it does exclude from consideration
subjects that ought to be considered, it is re-
sponsible to the people, and the people will
change thatmajority into a minority; and there
is the remedy. But to say that the majority
has not the right to decide at its own will and
pleasure upon what business shall be done, and
how it shall be done, and when it shall be done,
is disputing a right which has been recognized
in all legislative bodies so long as legislative
bodies have existed; and in our system the
remedy is a simple one and a rapid one, with
the changes that the people can make in the
representation at any time they see fit to do it.
Why, sir, the other House has already passed
a rule substantially the same as this, as I
understand; I have not read it. Have they
violated the rights of the people ? Sir, this is
always the argument which you hear; a mi-
nority does not like to be a minority. If gen-
tlemen happen to be in a minority and it does
not suit them, then there is a cry of a violation
of rights, and that there is danger in the pre-
cedent j the wisdom of the majority, and the
patriotism of the majority, and the good sense
of the majority, are such that they cannot be
relied^ upon at all against the wisdom of a
minority, though the relative numbers may
be twenty-six against six, for example, accord-
ing to the vote we took a few minutes ago.
Now, sir, I apprehend that the business of
the country and the business of the Senate
and the interests of the people are as safe in
the hands of the large majority of this Senate
as they are in the hands of a minority, and
that we hear quite enough about the violations
j of our duties, and quite enough about the dan-
gers arising from the violations of our duties,
