1867;  
THE CONGRESSIONAL «LOBE.
498
because we cannot see with the eyes of others.
Certainly, we hear as ranch of this as is respect-
fulXo the majority, if it happens to be addressed
tp the majority." But, sir, that is not the argu-
ment. The Senator from Ohio was not present
at the consultation. He speaks of what he
has hitherto done. Hitherto, I suppose, he has
generally acted with the majority, and it has
been mighty satisfactory to him ; but now he
does not happen to be responsible, for he was
not present. ■
The Senator from Wisconsin denounces this
resolution as a crime. Who is to judge? Is it
a crime if, when a proposition is brought for-
ward in this body, the body at once votes that
it be postponed to the consideration of the
next session of Congress? And yet, what is
this but saying that all subjects save one shall
be .postponed to the consideration of the next
session of Congress? Itincludes a larger mass,
but the principle is the same. What right
have we to say, when a petition is presented,
that it shall be laid upon the table and not re-
ferred? It is a crime because somebody's con-
stituents have requested that that petition shall
be presented. What right haye we to say, when
a bill is offered, that that bill*liall without con-
sideration be postponed to a future session of
Congress for action? Simply the right of exer-
cising our own judgments and taking our own
responsibilities, nothing more. Because this
resolution happens to include more than that
the principle is hot changed in the slightest
possible degree; the responsibility is greater;
and if the larger number of individuals choose
to take it they have a right to- take it, and they
are not to be denounced as committing a crime
for so doing. They must judge for themselves
in reference to that matter. But, sir, what I
complain of in this particular is this: when
gentlemen go into consultation with their friends
and make no protest whatever against having
the result of that consultation acted upon, they
agree impliedly and expressly, in my judgment,
that they will be bound on that subject by the
decision which their friends came to, unless
they give notice to the contrary; that is to say,
in case they continue to act on the subject to
the end. It h^s been always so hitherto ; and
what I say now is simply, with all respect to
gentlemen, that if they did not mean to be
bound by the decision of their friends, they
should not have gone into the consultation.
Mr. SUMNER. Who knew what was to be
the subject of the consultation? I did not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator certainly
knew before we got through, and before he
voted and found himself in a minority.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; why did he
vote then if he did not mean to be bound by
the majority?
Mr. SU MNER. I will answer.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why did he defer it
until he found that he wa3 not in a majority
and then say he is not bound? The time of
taking the exception is what I allude to.
But, sir, on such matters every gentleman
must judge for himself. I impute nothing to
anybody. I have stated what my opinion is;
I conceive myself under that obligation; and
now I say that gentlemen who differ with me
on that point, if they act upon the conclusion
which they seem to have come to, advertise me
that if ever I go into a consultation with them
and find myself in a minority, I am at liberty,
after I have voted and agreed to submit the
subject to a vote, to come out and say, "My
conscience impels me to violate my plighted
word!" My conscience does not act in that
direction, sir. Other gentlemen can do as they
please.
Mr. SUMNER^ Mr. President, I should
not have said another word on this occasion
but for some of the topics that jjave been in-
troduced by the Senator from Maine; but
before I allude to those particularly, allow me
to answer his argument so far as I am able to
appreciate it. He will pardon me for saying
that he confounds ri ht and power. Unques-
tionably the Senate has the power which the
Senator from Maine attributes to it; but it has
not the right. A jury, as we know according
to a familiar illustration, in giving the general
verdict has power to say "guilty" or "not
guilty," and disregard the instructions of the
court, but I need not say that it,is a grave ques-
tion among lawyers whether it has the right.
Now, I submit that assuming thact the Senate
has the power which the Senator from Maine
claims for it, it has not the right. It has not
the right to disregard the sj*rit of the Constitu-
tion; and,the proposition nowbefore you is of"
that character. The Senator from Maine does
not see it so, I know, for if he did he could not
give to it the weight of his character and sup-
port. Others do see it so; and if they do see it
so, the Senator from Maine must pardon them
if they act on the lights that are given to them.
The Senator would not vote for a proposition
that he regarded as hostile to the spirit of the
Constitution. I think too highly of him to
attribute to him any such conduct. Can he
expect others to do what he surely would not
do himself? This is my answer to the argu-
ment so far as I understood it. Perhaps I do
not do justice to it; yet I try to.
There was still one other point of argument,
according to my recollection. The Senate, so
the Senator argues, may postpone an individ-
ual measure to the next session. Grant it:
does it follow that they may postpone, imme-
diately on their arrival and opening the busi-
ness of a session, the whole business to another
session ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. They can adjourn on
the next day, or on the day they meet, if they
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I agree with
the Senator; but so long as they continue in
session as a Senate, then I say under the Con-
stitution of the United States they must attend
to the public business of the country. They
cannot tie their hands in advance by any such
resolution as is now proposed. To do so is
to violate the spirit of the Constitution. The
Senator from Maine cannot haye forgotten the
Atliertongag, to which I referred before, with-
out naming it, however. How was it regarded
at the time ? Was it not justly an offense and*
a stench in the nostrils of every patriot citizen ?
Has it not left a bad name upon the successive
Congresses that recognized it? What was that?
It was simply a declaration that they would
not receive petitions on one certain subject;
and now, under the lead of the Senator from
Maine, we are to continue in session an indefi-
nite time and to receive no petition, no bill,
nothing on anything except ®n one specified
subject. Now, I submit, if the Atherton gag
was unconstitutional, if it was odious, if it was
a bad precedent, then you are very rash in
going forward now and establishing this much
broader precedent. Do not condemn the offen-
sive legislation of the past; do not condemn
those slave-masters who were once so offen-
sive in these Chambers ; you tear a leaf out of
their book and print it in capital letters; you
go further than they: you out-Atherton Ather-
ton; you impose a gag not upon petitions
merely, but upon everything else, except on
one subject.
The Senator from Ohio has, with unanswer-
able force, depicted the offensive character of
this precedent, and he has taught us how, now
that we are a majority, we should hesitate to
set such an example for the future. How
should we feel, he has aptly reminded us, if,
as a minority, we had such a cup handed to
our lips by a patriot Senator? Surely we should
have felt that for the time patriotism had de-
parted. ,
As I have said, I should not have been be-
trayed into these remarks now but for other
topics that were introduced by the Senator
from Maine. When I opened this debate this
morning, Senators will bear me witness, I
made no allusion to any consideration or dis-
cussion elsewhere. I did not think a caucus
a proper subject to be introduced into this
Chamber; nor did I attribute to it anything of
the character which the Senator from Maine
does. He makes it not merely a sacred, but a
sacrosanct pact, by which every one who was at
the meeting is solemnly bound. Why, sir, what
authority can there be for any such conclu-
sion ? I allude to it now, in detail, because it
has been introduced into the debate; bear me
witness, I did not introduce it. Senators wfent
to that caucus, I presume, like myself, with-
out knowing what was to be considered; and
let me confess, when the proposition, in its
first form, was presented, I was startled by its
offensive character. I could not believe that
a Senator, knowing the responsibilities and
duties of a Senator, and who had taken the
oath of a Senator, could introduce such a
proposition. Well, sir, discussion went on.
The proposition was amended, modified, miti-
gated, lost something of its offensiveness in
form, but it still remained substantially offen-
sive. During the discussion, I am not aware
that any Senator suggested that it should be
adopted as a rule of the Senate. If any one
did, I did not hear it, though I paid close at-
tention to the discussion. I do not think the
'Senator from Maine made any such suggestion.
I certainly never supposed that anybody would
propose such a rule to the Senate. So for as
it was to have any value, I supposed it was to
be the recorded result of the deliberations of
political associates, which should be, so far as
practicable, a guide for their action, but not to
be embodied in a perpetual recprd to the* dis-
honor of this Republic. I did not suppose it.
When at the last moment, &ftc(Uie vote had
been declared, to which the Senator from
Maine refers, and to which I should have
made no allusion if he had not brought it
forward, I rose in the caucus and said, "I
will not bo bound by any such proposition."
When it had arrived at the - stage to which I
refer, the Senator from Maine will not forget
it, for he interposed a remark which I will
not quote now  
Mr. FESSENDEN. You had better quote
it. I said, "Then you should not have voted
on the subject if you did not mean to be bound
by the decision of the majority."
Mr..SUMNER. To which I replied, "I am
a Senator of the United States."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not hear the
reply.
Mr. SUMNER. It was the reply made with
a loud voice.
<Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not hear it.
Mr. SUMNER. I replied, "I am a Senator
of the United States." What did I mean by
it? Precisely what the Senator from Ohio, the
Vice President of the United States, has so
ably developed to-day; that as a Senator of
the United States I had no right to come into
this Chamber and barter away the rights of the
people of the United States."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Did you say that?
Mr. SUMNER. I say I replied that I was
a Senator of the United States; and what did
I mean by that? That my obligations as a
Senator were above any vote in a caucus; that
I had no right to go into any caucus and barter
away unquestioned rights on this floor. We
are all under obligations here to discharge our
duties as Senators. We cannot in advance go
forward and tie our hands. I have not said in
so many words, "You violate the Constitution
in doing it." rerhaps better reflection would
lead me to adopt the stronger language and
say, you violate the Constitution of the United
States. 1 feel plainly, clearly, beyond doubt,
that such is the character of the Constitution
of the United States, and such are our obli-
gations under it, that we cannot without a dere-
liction of duty adopt a proposition like that
which we are now asked to agree to. So I see
it; I cannot see it otherwise. And now^I sub-
mit to my associates and colleagues in this
body, with whom I am proud to act, whose
good judgments I value, whether they would
have me, feeling about this proposition as I do,
seeing it as I do, act otherwise' than as I do.
Should I not come forward and frankly, as one
of your associates and brothers, anxious for
the good name of this Senate to which we all
