1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
495
on a particular day. It bears no possible simili-
tude to that; or if it does I cannot see it.
While yon are here you must"—it is a proper
act of legislation, it is a proper act of deliber-
ation—regulate the order in which you will
transact the public business. You cannot hear
but one bill at a time; and you do not wrong
the country, unless you misjudge, when you
say, " We will hear this bill to-day, and consider
the other bill to-morow;" or vice versa. That
is a proper act of legislation. It is no improper
act of legislation to say by resolution that you
will give the preference to this or that measure
over any other; and let me say right .here that
that is the furthest which, as I understand the
precedents, any Senate or any House has ever
gone before. The very precedent introduced
by the Senator from Maine as authority for
this is no precedent, if I do not greatly misun-
derstand it. In that resolution the Senate did
not say they would hear one measure or one
set of measures to the exclusion of others.
They said they would hear them in preference
to other measures. This proposes to say on
an ordinary session of the Legislature that
they will hear one measure to the exclusion of
all other measures.
But gentlemen say that this is not an ordi-
nary session of the Legislature, that it is an
extraordinary session of Congress. I do not
so understand it. The Senator from New Jer-
sey reminds us that those who framed the Gov-
ernment, did not contemplate a session of the
Legislature at this time, that in fact they agreed
not to have it. I think the Senator is mistaken.
I think they simply agreed that in alternate
years the regular sessions should commence
on the first Monday of December unless Con-
gress otherwise directed, and I do understand
that Congress provided for-the assembling of
this Legislature in ordinary session on the 4th
of March last. I have the act before me:
"That in addition to the present regular times of
meeting of Congress thero shall be a meeting of the
Fortieth Congress of the United States and of each
succeeding Congress thereafter at twelve o'clock,
meridian, on the 4th day of March, the day on which
the term begins for which the Congress is elected."
How can this be called an extraordinary
session when your statutes provide for just
such a session, commencing on the very same
day at the commencement of every succeeding
Congress after this? And you have never
agreed, Mr. President, that the business of
this session was concluded. Whenever that
time comes you have an undoubted right to
say so, say so upon the official responsibility
of each one of your members. That you have
never said ; but on a certain day some weeks
ago—I do not remember on what day you did
agree to adjourn the two Houses until the 3d
day of July. That is what you agreed to do.
You agreed that there was then no such urgent
necessity for legislation but what you might
adjourn the two Houses until the 3d day of
July. The 3d day of July came. You did
not know that there would be a quorum of the
two Houses here., and in view of that contin-
gency, you provided in that act that if a quorum
did not appear on that day the Presiding Officer
of each House might further adjourn the Le-
gislature until, I think, the first Monday in De-
cember. So that we never have deliberately
decided to close the business of this first ses-
sion of the Fortieth Congress. I must submit,
therefore, that this is an ordinary session of
Congress. But, then, I agree with all my
friends about me, that there is one question
which I deem o.f paramount importance. It is
excepted in the resolution submitted,here by the
Senator from Rhode Island. - Whenever we are
called upon to act upon that subject I am will-
ing to act on that to the exclusion of all others;
but when there is nothing to be done upon
that subject, I ask why in the name of Heaven
the Congress of the United States, paid for three
hundred and sixty-five days' work in every year,
should sit here with its arms folded waiting for
some legislation to be prepared upon that sub-
ject, doing nothing; and it may be with large
bodies of the American people who pay us these
salaries clamoring at our doors for us to act.
What answer shall we give them? No answer
is suggestive to us except the fact that a caucus
has somewhere sometime agreed that we will
not do anything except upon one question.
Now, as I said before, I disclaim the idea
of this being a crime. The Senator from
Maine is mistaken as to my grievance. "He
assumes that we are uotwilling to be a minor-
ity. Why, sir, I was never more willing'to be
in a minority in my life than I am on this very
question. I was perfectly content to be in a
minority, if the Senator would let me be in a
minority; I would have been there and would
have been perfectly quiet, but I thought he was
not disposed to allow me the right to be in the
minority, that he denied to me that poor privi-
lege, as he concedes it to be. I should not have
said a word but for the fact that it was said
here, and as I thought veryinopportunely said,
that this matter had been considered and ad-
judicated, and all true disciples—I claim to be
one—were bound to follow the adjudication,
and do it silently and unquestioningly. As I
happened to be one of those who felt that this
was a question on which a caucus had no right
to guide my action, and as I said at the time
that I could not be guided by it before 1 tfoted,
and not after I voted, I felt bound to say to
the Senate why I could not vote for this
resolution. I did stay and vote after I had
made that declaration to my fellows, to my
compatriots. I say so, for it seems that caucus
must be brought before the Senate and can-
vassed. The Senator from Maine, I under-
stand, thinks I should have withdrawn. No,
I think not. Being so ardently attached to
the welfare of the Republican party as I am,
I thought it was my business to stay there and
keep my Republican friends off what I thought
a rock, on which they might possibly split; and
I know it is not a small shoal that can knock
the Republican organization to pieces; but then
I thought I would try to keep them off, not
merely by the few words I said, but by the vote
I gave. I did not understand at the time I
gave that vote that I was cutting myself off from
the right of private judgment thereafter, and I
think it is a new rule. But as I said once
before I must say again upon this and all
other party questions, I hold myself amenable
to the party whose law I am supposed to have
violated, and not to the Senate, for as yet I
have violated no rule of the Senate.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I certainly do
not desire to protract this discussion; buthav-
ing taken the position that I did in the earlier
part of it, I desire now to explain the vote that
I shall give' upon the pending amendment. I
would remark, however, by way of prelude
that I should have considered the arguments of
the honorable Senator from Missouri and the
honorable Senator from Ohio and other Sena-
tors as very proper in the consultation which
we had when we wore discussing the question
whether we would adopt this resolution or not.
It is idle to say that we did not understand
what we were going to discuss on the meeting
of that consultation. It is idle to say that we
did not intend to-be governed by the delibera-
tions of that body. Those of us who are fa-
miliar with the consultations of party caucuses,
if you choose to call them so, understand dis-
tinctly that when we go into caucus upon any
question to ascertain what the will of the ma-
jority of that body is, we meet for the purpose
of acting together in favor of the will of that
majority. The arguments which gentlemen
offer are, I confess, good against caucuses alto-
gether. I have always been opposed to cau-
cuses ; I am now ; they often subvert the will
of the people ; but after we have_ deliberated
together as a party, and a majority have de-
cided then to say that we are not bound by
that decision in introducing a new rule into the
well-known history of American politics.
Sir, there is no speech that is a good speech
which is not applicable to the facts of the case
wejire considering. When the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio with his great prtsticjc, talks
about our having surrendered our rights, the
rights of our States, the right of petition, and
every right that is dear to our people; and
when the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts chooses to characterize the proceedings
of such a body as we have by the designation
of the Atherton gag, I cannot but think that—
" Resembles ocean into tempest wrought
To waft a feather or to drown a fly.""
I do not allow the honorable Senators from
Ohio, or from Wisconsin, or from Massachu-
setts to magnify the facts of the case. The
facts are plain and simple. There is no ques-
tion of the surrender of the great and inalien-
able rights of th$ American citizen or the
American Senator. What are the facts? We
had our session of Congress, and we were
afraid that the President of the United States
would thwart the objects of Congress, and we
concluded to hold ourselves in position to do
what? To pass new laws, to have new legis-
lation, to do something which we were not in-
tending to do at the time? No, sir; but we
agreed to hold ourselves in position to main-
tain and support what the Congress of the
United States had done. That was the object
of this session of Congress. That was what I
contended for, and what the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio contended for. But now in-
stead of coming here these hot days and doing
what we intended to' do, carrying out the
object for which the session was called, it is
proposed to make this a regular, long, pro-
tracted session of Congress, embracing every
subject of legislation.
I say I do not allow the honorable Senator
from Ohio or from Massachusetts, or any
other Senator to magnify the facts of the case
and to hold me responsible for surrendering
my rights and my opinions, or the rights and
opinions of my State. I confine them to the
simple issue, to the simple question in the
case. I say that the American people was
pleased with the action of Congress. I say
that it was working well, that it will work
well, and that we shall come near reconstruct-
ing the Government under that policy if it is
carried out.
Now, sir, as a Senator, I am willing to
stand by and support in the main, almost in
every particular, the action of the consultations
of my party friends. There may be, however,
after the action of a caucus, such a thing as
further information showing the necessity for
something not considered in the deliberations
of that caucus. I cannot object, for instance,
on this occasion to the exception proposed by
the honorable Senator from Kansas, [Mr.
Ross,] and the honorable Senators from Ne-
braska, and those men who live in the imme-
diate vicinity of the Indian disturbances which
have recently broken out. I think the excep-
tion they propose is one which we may well
make, and one which every one m the caucus
would recognize, as was stated by the Senator
from Rhode Island in his first speech. I do
it upon the ground that it is something we
have to recognize; it is something that is
superior to the decrees of Senates and the
decisions of caucuses. I mean a state of war.
If Congress is in session during the existence
of war, we cannot ignore that question. There-
fore, as a Senator, if I choose to make this
exception, believing it a good one as I do, and
vote for this amendment, in view of that state
of war which now exists, I do not mean thereby
to take, and I never will take, the ground which
has been assumed in this debate, that we are
not bound by the deliberations which we as
Senators hold when we get together. Why
do we get together ? Why do we argue at all ?
Why do we have a caucus at all? What do
we go there for unless to ascertain the
opinions of the majority, and to act in accord-
ance with those opinions? Now, sir, there is
one of two things, and it commences this day:
that the'decisions of such consultations have
to be carried out, or this day begins the death
of any consultations by the majority in the
Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, it is evident
that this debate has opened a broader question
than we imagined at first. Doctors disagree.
