1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. SUMNER, J do not know. I make
no allusion ever, except in respect to the 'Sen-
ator. •
- _ Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator knows
just what I meant by the remark ; I did not
make it for the reporters; but I say it is an
illustration of his remark. When the question
is put to the Senator what he would have
thought if the thirteen had repudiated it, he
says that is a very different thing, being in favor
of liberty..
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; does not the
Senator say the same ?
Mr. FESSENDlSN. I say there is no differ-
ence where a man promises to do a thing with
a fall understanding; he has no right to violate
it, whether it is one way or the other.
Mr. SUMNER. The question is whether
the man does promise it. There is the point.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well, then, my
reply is that if there was no promise" in the
case of the thirteen to support the decision
there is no promise here; if there was a prom-
ise in the case of the thirteen to be bound by
it and support it, as they,did, then there was a
promise here. The Senator may make the
distinction if he can.
Mr. SUMNER. I will make the distinction
very clear. I have never said myself there was
a promise in the case of the thirteen. I dis-
cussed it at the time with several friends^ and
the question was asked by more than one per-
son whether the Senator from Maine was going
to sustain the report of the committee on this
floor.
Mr. FESSENDE.N. The- Senator from
Maine did support it.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well." I say the ques-
tion was asked whether the Senator was going
to sustain that report on this floorand I know
that one,Senator expressed to me the opinion
tJiat the Senator from Maine would not sustain
it on this floor. The Senator draws that out
from me by his inquiry. Had the Senator
on his responsibility felt obliged to come into
this Chamber and oppose that report, I should
have been pained to find him on the side of
human slavery, but I am not ready to say that
he would have been constrained even on that
proposition by the conclusion of a caucus. I
will not say that he would not have been a man
of honor had he followed out on this floor his
conscience, if it so guided him. I made no
such suggestion. No ; there is a great exag-
geration on this whole question of caucus, and
I never have known the exaggeration carried
further than it has been to-day.
Here is a proposition brought forward, I
may say unexpectedly, almost the accident of
an accident. I hesitated myself, a long time,
whether to attend the caucus. I was not
aware what was to be discussed. Nobody had
mentioned to me in advance any subject. ■ I
went there; and the discussion went on, crept
on, point by point. No human being suggested
that we were to be called to make rules for the
Senate. The Senator from Maine, as ardent
as he was for the proposition, made no such
suggestion, at least it did not reach my^ ears.
At the last moment we were told that it was
to be a rule of the Senate. I then objected. I
am told that I should have objected a minute
or two before. Well, that leads me to say that
we then need this caucus code, to know pre-
cisely when, at what instant of time, the objec-
tion is to be made, so that it can be done with
honor.
Now, sir, I am tired of this talk on this floor
of honor in connection with a matter like this.
This is too solemn ; we are under too great
responsibilities. Every Senator acts with
honor. The Senator from Maine acts with
honor when he seeks to impose a rule which I
think offensive to the spirit of the Constitution.
J do not say that he does not act with honor.
The Senator from Illinois acts with honor
when he says that he will not be bound by the
vote of this caucus to a particular extent.
Other Senators act with honor when they
refuse to be bound by the resolution in any
of its terms. Every Senator acts with honor. II
40th CoNa. IstSess.—No. 32.
He only acts otherwise who makes injurious
accusations upon his associates.
Yes, sir, let us have this caucus code; if it
is to be administered with such severity, let us
know it in advance, its terms and its condi-,
tions: what extent of dishonor is to be visited
upon those who do not adopt the conclusions
of the caucus, and what extent of-honor upon
those who so steadfastly and violently carry
them forward. Let us have the code. I believe,
sir, that the true code for the Senate is found
id the Constitution of the United States, in th&
rules of this body, and in the sentiments of
right and wrong which animate every honest
soul; and I believe that no improper advan-
tage can be taken of any Senator by remind-
ing him that lie forbore at a particular moment,
to register his objection, just as if we were
all there on trial, to be saved by speaking
promptly. No, sir, it was no such debate; we
were there with friends and brothers and asso-
ciates, each respecting the sensibilities and the
convictions of his associates.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am sorry, Mr. Presi-
dent, that I feel called upon to say a word or
two more. With regard to the side remarks
which I made the Senator cannot, on reflec-
tion, suppose I meant to apply it in any other
way thau to lay dovvn what I thought the nat-
ural result would be of the principle that he
enunciated and the distinction he attempted
to draw between an agreement to act in one
way in a case favorable to liberty and an
agreement to act in the same way with refer-
ence to a case of the contrary description. I
think, with all his ingenuity, he can torture it
into nothing more than that which I. intended
to intimate with regard to it, and therefore I
made the explanation at the time.
Now, Mr. President, the Senator says that
he thinks there should be a code upon this
subject, so that all Senators may know when
they go into a consultation of friends how far
they are bound, and what they can do or can
omit afterward consistently of what is con-
sidered personal honor. I suggest to the Sen-
ator, as he has dwelt upon that subject at
length, that there is but one plain guide.
There ca.n be no written code of honor as
reference to our system, as I never heard
there was with regard to what was ordinarily
called the code of honor when dueling was
more fashionable than it is now, but simply
with regard to what is honorable; what there
is of it is written in the mind and heart of
every individual. ITe cannot call upon an-
other to guide him; he cannot call upon
another to advise him; he knows what that
sense requires of him, and he must judge of
what it would require of others. He may mis-
judge.
Sir, I did not introduce the allusion t-o the
fact that this matter had been consulted upon
out of this Chamber. It was alluded to by
two Senators before I spoke upon the subject.
My friend from Pennsylvania was the first;
some one else, I forget who, repeated it. That
matter being thus opened, I thought I was at
liberty to allude to the same thing, which I
did, and I called upon gentlemen to say
whether it was strictly in accordance with the
usages of friends who meet in consultation of
this description, and which I entirely justify
and think perfectly proper, and in fact a duty
with reference to the business of the Senate.
I called upon gentlemen to say whether their
pcoposed action, the speeches they were mak-
ing, and the objections they were taking were
in accordance with that honorable understand-
ing with which every man is supposed to go
into a consultation of that kind according to
the usages of the Senate and of parties on both
sides of the Senate. I made no imputation
upon anybody, but I stated my own views, and
I left it for them to judge.
Now sir that I defend, and I defend it with-
out any written code. 1 defend it upon the
judgment I form myself with regard to what
is binding upon me, leaving other gentlemen
to come to their own conclusions for them-
selves. Sir, I have often refused to go into a
consultation of party friends, when it was pro-
posed to consider a bill which I .thought in-,
volved important principles and of which, I'
was in favor, or to which I might have been
opposed, or a, constitutional amendment, or
the action of the Senate upoa a question. of-
importance with reference to the right of a ipan
to hold a seat, in this body. -I have refused to
go into consultation, saymg that upon such a:
question I could not be bound by the opinions,
of others; I must judge for myseif;
Mr. POMEROl. I do not like to interrupt
the Senator; but he cannot have forgotten the
consultation upon the admission of Colorado:
when the majority voted one way in the Senate,
and he the other.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Did I ever go into a
consultation upon that subject?
Mr. POMEROY. X think so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; and when it
was proposed that it should be carried in, I
with others—one .Senator particularly who
now sits before me—gave notice that it might
go in, but we did not go ia with it; we would
be bound .by .no such vote.
Mr. POMEROY. We certainly went in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. We certainly did have a
caucus on it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator may have
had one with somebody, but he did not have
one with me.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Ver-
mont I remember was in that caucus.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Ver-
mont was in, and before the caucus began (if
we are to have these family mattors brought
before the world and spread abroad) the Sena-
tor from Vermont distinctly stated that if the
caucus expected any one to be bound to any-
thing but an interchange of views he would
retire then.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would have said the
same thing if I was there.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And the reply made was
that they did not want to carry the bill, but
they expected to convince me, and I staid and
tried to be convinced.
Mr. POME ROY. I remember distinctly the
Senator being there.
' Mr. FESSENDEN. I say I never went into
any caucus on that subject. I utterly refused
to have anything to do with such a subject in
caucus. I know what my views were on that
subject, and what I intended to do, and what I
intended not to do.
Now, sir, upon all this matter of business:
the business we will take up, when we will take
it up, and the order of proceeding, I think a
meeting, a consultation of the majority of the
body who have the control of the business,
may be properly held, as it often is, and when
it is decided upon, being a matter of expe-
diency, the decision should be binding upon
those who agree to consult and do consult.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator just let
me interrupt him there? I do not wish, of
course, to interpose anything in his remarks;
but he says, " Being a matter of expediency,
the decision is binding." But suppose the
associates of the Senator on the floor think it
is not a matter of expediency; what then 1
Mr. FESSENDEN. If there is a Senator
who thinks it is a matter of conscience and
principle on which he cannot be bound by the
decision, instead of making speeches one way
and waiting and voting in the minority, and
saying nothing about the principle, he should
give notice beforehand and leave it to others
to decide what they will do. That is my
notion.
Mr. SUMNER. That remark cannot be
applicable to me, for I made every kind of
objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator asked
me a general question ; I have answered that
question.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; the Senator
will pardon me  
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a question of
time.
