1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
499
":okder of business.
_ Mr. WILSON. I move to refer the resolu-
tions of thanks from the House of Represent-
atives to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They eannx>t be referred
under the rule just adopted.
Mr. POMEROY. I object to their being
read under the rule we have adopted.
Mr. CRAGIN. I move that when the.Sen-
ate adjourn to-day it be to meet on Monday
next. The appropriate business has been re-
ferred to the proper committee; it will take
them all day to-morrow to consider it, and we
shall have nothing to do to-morrow if we come
here.
Mr. POMEROY. I rise to a question of
order._ The bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives refer to legislative proceedings, and
I ask whether it is in order under the reso-
lution just adopted to refer them to any com-
mittee.
Mr. GRIMES. That question is not before
the Senate ; the question is on the adjournment
until Monday.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the resolutions
from the House which are on the table be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands a question of order to be raised
on that.
Mr. POMEROY. There is also a bill there
in reference to ihe police.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is always
usual to read bills from the other House, and
I suppose they ought to be read the first time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would suggest, to re-
lieve us of any difficulty about this matter,
that the Senator from Rhode Island lias a sup-
plemental order to offer that will govern all
these cases and save any -wrangling in the
Senate. If the Senate will allow it to be sub-
mitted now, it will, perhaps, be unanimously
agreed to and prevent all further trouble.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is an order made ne-
cessary by the resolution just passed.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
hearing the order read.
Mr. TRUMBULL and Mr. HOWARD. Let
it be read for information.
Mr. ANTHONY. I submit the following
order:
Ordered. That during the present session, all legis-
lative business, when introduced or taken up, except
such as relates to removing the obstructions which
have been or are likely to be placed in the way of a
fair execution of the acts of reconstruction hereto-
fore adopted by Congress, and to giving to said acts
the scope intended by Congress when the same were
passed, be laid on the tablo.
Mr. SUMNER. I object to the considera-
tion of that.
Mr. POMEROY. That is only another form
of the same thing.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is an order to carry
into effect the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The con-
sideration of the resolution is objected to, and
it goes over under the rule.
adjournment to monday,
Mr. CRAG-IN. I renew my motion that
when the Senate adjourns to-day it be to meet
on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. _
Friday, July 5, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of Wednesday last was read and
approved.
committee on reconstruction.
The SPEAKER announced the following
Committee on Reconstruction, ordered on
Wednesday last: .
Thaddeits Stevens of Pennsylvania, George
S. Boutwell of Massachusetts, Johjj A. Binc-
ham of Ohio, John F. Farnsworth of Illinois,
Calvik T. Hhlbcrd of New York, Fe«n.vkdo
C. Beaman of Michigan, Halbert E. Paine
of Wisconsin, Frederick A*. Pike of Maine,"
and James Brooks of New York.
james b. beck. '
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
memorial of George M. Adams against the
admission of James B. Beck for the seventh
district of Kentucky to a seat in the House
of Representatives ; which was referred to the
Committee of Elections.
delegate l'rom new mexico.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will also lay
before the House a communication from the
Governor of New Mexico; and as this docu-
ment presents a novel case, the Clerk will read
it in full.
The Clerk read as follows:
Executive Office, Tekritoby of New Mexico,
Santa Fe, N. M„ March 13,1867.
Sin: The Territory of New Mexico having no Dele-
gate in the Congress of the United States in conse-
quence of the change of time for the meeting of Con-
gress, and the Territorial Legislature having failed
to change the election laws ot the Territory, so as to
enable the people to elect a Delegate beforo the first
Monday in September next, leaving us entirely with-
out representation in Congress:
In view of these facts, I, Robert B. Mitchell, Gov-
ernor of the Territory of New Mexico, do appoint
John S. Watts, Delegate or Agent of tho Territory
of New Mexico during the interregnum, and until a
Delegate^ is elected by the people at their annual
election in September next and qualified, and ask
for hiin the pay and emoluments of said position. If,
under the rules of the House of Representatives ana
tho laws of the United States, ho cannot receive pay
forhisservices, I most respectfully ask that he may bo
admitted to the floor of tho House of Representatives
without pay as the agent of the Territory for the
purpose of procuring such legislation as may be ne-
cessary for the interest and welfare of tho Territory.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my hand
and the great seal of the Territory this 13th day of
Marsh, A. D. 1807.
ROBERT B. MITCHELL,
Governor for j\rew Mexico.
To the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Wash-
ington. D. C.
Mr. DAWES. I move to refer that paper
to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have great doubt whether
that paper ought to be referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections. To do so would seem to
imply an acquiescence in an utterly unprece-
dented, unauthorized, and illegal act on the
part of the Governor of New Mexico. It cer-
tainly ought to go no further than to be laid on
the table.
Mr. DAWES. I believe with the gentleman
from Ohio that this proceeding is unauthor-
ized and unprecedented, and that is the very
reason why I have moved the reference of the
paper to the Committee of Elections. I be-
lieve that any paper of this kind, touching a
man's claim to a seat here, should always be
referred to the Committee of Elections. 1 agree
entirely with the gentleman. I think probably
the Committee of Elections will put something
on record that will bo a guide in the future. It
is not because I have any idea that papers of
this kind would be evidence of a right to a
seat that I make my motion, but because I
think that any paper that a man brings here
claiming a seat ought to be referred to a com-
mittee.
Mr. SCHENCK. I entirely appreciate the
motives of the chairman of the Committee of
Elections. I think there is no disagreement
between him and myself in relation to the
character of the paper. The difference is only
as to how it ought to be treated, how it ought
to be received, orhow the House should decline
to receive'a paper of this kind. I do not agree
in the broad proposition that whenever any
one presents a paper here claiming a seat in
this House we should, as a matter of course,
refer it to a committee of the House. Sup-
pose the Governor of the State of Indiana
should assume to appoint Representatives here
and send formal papers of such appointments,
would you refer those papers? What do you
want to inquire into ? Does any man doubt
whether the Governor of a State has a right
to appoint a Representative in Congress? It
is so obvious that this is extra-constitutional,
illegal, outside of the power of a Governor of
any Territory that to give it consideration by
referring it to a committee appears to me estab-
lishing perhaps a dangerous precedent. Sop-
pose some man should come here from Canada
with a certificate in due form, or from Walrus-
sia, although that would be a stronger case, as
there would be a plea of necessity because
there has been no action on the part of Con-
gress. Here there has been action on the part
of Congress, and without regard to the charter
granted by Congress, the Governor of the Ter-
ritory assumes to send this man here. Sir,
we are about to establish a dangerous prece-
dent.
Mr. SPALDING. I would ask the gentle-
man if Congress did not admit a Delegate from
this very Territory of New Mexico before it
was organized ?
Mr. SCH-ENCK. _ I admit that; but it was
not such an application as this, for in that case
Congress had not established a territorial gov-
ernment.
But this case is one in which the Territory is
organized, in which the forms are prescribed,
in which the power of the Governor is limited
and laid down by law. Here, then, is an
attempt on the part of certain persons, not
merely^ to throw themselves upon the plea of
necessity because they want to be represented,
no representation being provided for, but to
override the very law providing for the repre-
sentation of Territories by Delegates.
When I was interrupted by my colleague I
was about to say this: however the House may
decide this question, we shall now establish a
precedent; and if tho precedent be established
that every paper of this kind is to be referred
to the Committee of Elections, or any other
committee of this House, (and no man has
more confidence than I have in the ability of
that committee to dispose proporly of any ques-
tion that may come before it,) the next thing
will be a claim for mileage; the next thing
will be a claim for pay during attendance here
in order to prosecute this application; and the
next thing, I am afraid, will be that mileage and
pay will be allowed. Now, I do not put this
question on the low ground of the mere money
consideration; I am only speaking of one
of the consequences that may follow. The
ground I take is that here is on the part of the
Governor of a Territory an attempted over-
riding of the law, a proceeding entirely out-
side of any legal provision; and this being
patent on the face of the matter, we are all
prepared, I think, to decide the question with-
out its reference to a committee and a report
upon it.
Mr. MILLER. This matter seems to me so
plain as to require no argument. I move that
the communication of the Governor of Now
Mexico be laid on the table.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw that motion.
Mr. MILLER. I will withdraw it for a mo-
ment.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I proposed the
reference of this paper merely for the purpose
of giving the Committee of Elections an oppor-
tunity to make a report that would finally dis-
pose" of the case. This is not the claim of a
gentleman to a seat as a member of this House.
It is the request of the Governor of a Territory
that this man may be permitted to come upon
the floor and act as the agent of the Territory.
If admitted, he will not serve here in any capa-
city known to the Constitution of the United
States ; he will be permitted to act as agent of
the Territory, ex gratia, and not by virtue of
any right of the Territory to representation
upon this flsor. The Governor of the Territory
asks that if this man be not admitted in the
capacity of a Delegate under the organic law
of the Territory, he may at least be admitted
upon this floor to act as an agent of the Terri-
tory.
This request of the Governor is respectful in
language, and there is no insult to the House
in making the request. I admit all that hag
been said by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
