502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
be adopted, if precedents of this kind be estab-
lished, it might be almost impossible to organ-
ize the House, because Ljmagine there is not a
gentleman on this floor who has not enemies,
and in whose district or State some person may
not be found to prefer some charge against
him; and according to the precedent estab-
lished by the House in this case, the mere
making of such charges is sufficient to prevent
a member from taking his seat until the mat-
ter is inquired into. The injustice of the act
and the danger of the precedent are too mani-
fest to require further comment.
Another great objection, as it seems to me,
Mr. Speaker, to this whole proceeding, is this :
It is an abandonment, as I have urged hereto-
fore, of the rightful mode of contesting the
seats of members upon this floor. It is chang-
ing the responsibility thereof. It is throwing
the burden and labor of taking testimony, and
the expense thereof, on the House and country,
which the law in regard to contested elections
places upon the contestant himself.
The Committee of Elections is directed to
send for persons and papers, to inquire into
what? No specific charges have been made;
no witnesses' names have been furnished, and
these districts remain unrepresented while the
Committee of Elections, in an extraordinary
and unprecedented manner, sends a thousand
miles to the State of Kentucky for witnesses
to inquire into facts in regard to which no spe-
cific allegation has yet been made. But I will
not detain the House. This is all I desire to
say now in regard to this matter, and as to the
personal allusions to myself I do not propose
to dignify them by further notice.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I was not here
on Wednesday last when the proceedings of
the House were had to which the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] takes exception,
and I know nothing of their character beyond
what the public journals show. I do not know
that it is proper to comment on their character
at this time. It is perhaps better to look at
the matter as it stands; and while I agree with
the gentleman from Illinois, as at present ad-
vised, while I should not consider it in the line
of my duty to throw any obstacles in the way
of the admission upon this floor of any individ-
ual bringing the certificate of his Governor,
unless there was present at the time to meet it
a specific charge which extended to his dis-
qualification as a member, I also am quite
clear, when there is present a well grounded
charge to meet the certificate of the Governor
of that State, and which extends to his disqual-
ification as a member, it is the duty of the
Houso,^ before admitting him to his seat, to
ascertain the truth of that charge touching his
disqualification as a member. That is only
when the member is qualified otherwise; but
if there is a question, an allegation of fact
touching his right to a seat as a member-elect,
he _ takes the seat provisionally and holds it
while the House is investigating the facts
whether he is duly electcd or not. Now, sir,
that is a different question to the one whether
a man is possessed of the qualifications which
entitle him to a seat upon this floor. And when
a man is. disloyal and has participated in the
rebellion, as implied in the oath of office we
are required to take, 1 do not know that the
gentleman from Illinois disagrees with me in
saying, if a man is guilty of an offence which
would prevent him in truth from taking that
oath, that he would not be qualified, and that
in such case the investigation should precede
his taking his seat.
If there are any other cases standing in this
category^ I should oppose their taking their
seats until the truth or falsity of the charge has
been made to appear. Whether there are or
not I am unable to say.
Mr. WOOD. I ask the chairman of the
Committee of Elections to let me state one or
two instances in reference to the practice of
the House.
, Mr. DAWES. In a few moments I will
yield the floor. _ I was about to say all I know
about th® cass is what has been published in !
the public journals and what appears here t his
morning. There were some papers presented
this morning, and with the credentials they are
now before the Committee of Elections. My
own idea is that the papers presented this
morning, together with the gentleman's own
motion, should be referred to the Committee
of Elections. Although I cannot speak of
the committee beyond myself, I have no hesi-
tation in saying, if I find nothing to meet the
credentials of any man claiming a seat upon
this floor,'that I do not know by what author-
ity I should withhold those credentials from the
House. Whether the committee agree with
me or not I do not know. I agree with the
gentleman from Illinois, if thei'e is nothing
here to meet the credentials of a man claim-
ing a seat upon this floor which questions his
qualification as a member, he ought to be
sworn, and any allegation falling beyond that
ought to be referred to the appropriate com-
mittee to investigate its truth, and what is re-
quired at our hands on ascertaining its truth.
That should be done after the member has
taken his seat; but the question touching the
loyalty and qualification of a member to a seat
upon this floor ought to be made when the cre-
dentials are presented. When it is made in
good faith and based upon evidence which jus-
tifies the making of the allegation I do not
see why it should not be investigated. I move
that the papers as well as the gentleman's mo-
tion be referred to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. WOOD. If I understand the chairman
of the committee correctly, in ordinary cases
of contested election, where the applicant pre-
sents the prima facie evidence of a right to a
seat in this House, he has .been permitted to
take his seat and abide the results of the in-
vestigation on the part of the Committee of
Elections. T further understand him to say
that where a question is raised as in this in-
stance against some of the gentlemen from
Kentucky as to their loyalty, the case in the
first instance should be referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections, and the seats should be
denied to the gentlemen claiming them until
the committee make a report. Do I under-
stand him correctly?
Mr. DAWES. I do not hear the gentleman
very distinctly, but what I mean to be under-
stood to say is this: that a well-grounded
charge made in good faith against any man
bringing a certificate here which extends in
its scope to his qualification to sit as a mem-
ber of this House, should be heard before
lie is permitted to take the oath of office or
occupy a seat.
Mr. WOOD. As I understand this case,
there is one of these gentlemen who held a
seat here during the whole of the last Congress,
against whom there was no accusation at that
time of any disloyalty during the war, and who
lias in no way been obnoxious, as I under-
stand his political record, to this charge of dis-
loyalty, and yet that gentleman [Mr. Trimble]
is served in the same way as the others against
whom the accusation^ has been made by the
gentleman from Illinois. I do not understand
that there are any specific allegations made
against Judge Trimble.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There are some charges.
Mr. WOOD. Well, sir, it is nevertheless the
fact that he sat here two years, during the
whole of the last Congress, and no question
was raised when lie was sworn in as a member
ol that Congress; and he having now posi-
tively denied to my colleague the truth of a
single one of these allegations, I ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts how it is that he is
in favor of referring all these cases alike and
indiscriminately to the Committee of Elections
for investigation ?
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman does not
understand _ me correctly, if he understands
that_ I am in favor of referring all cases alike
and indiscriminately to the Committee of Elec-
tions. _ I distinctly said that where there was
a specific charge made against any gentleman
bringing a certificate here, which charge ex-
tended to his qualification as a member of this
House, and it appeared to be made in good
faith, in such a case I would be in favor of a
reference and investigation ; but where there
was no such charge, no charge to that extent,
I would be in favor and would think it to bo
my duty to vote for his being sworn in. I
think the gentleman has mistaken my remarks.
I will add further, that, whether these re-
marks apply to the gentleman from Kentucky,
to whom the gentleman refers, I am unable to
say, for, as I have already stated, I was not here
on Wednesday, and the Committee of Elec-
tions have had no opportunity to investigate
the matters referred to them. I do not know
whether there is any such charge against Mr.
Trimble, who was a member during the last
Congress. If, upon investigation, I should find
that there is no such well-grounded charge made
against him, so far as I am concerned my line
of duty will be very clear, as I have already
indicated. I do not speak for any other mem-
ber of the committee.
Mr. WOOD. Ihope,asthiswholequestionhas
been already referred to the committee of which
the gentleman from Massachusetts is chairman,
that at the earliest possible occasion during the
present session the committee will investigate
and report upon it to the House. I think it is
wrong to disfranchise a whole State upon mere
rumor. There is no member sitting on this
floor to-day who is not liable to be ousted from
his seat under the precedent established by this
House day before yesterday. Any man can
raise false charges, and accuse a member of
disloyalty, and so, upon a mere rumor—and
we have nothing here but rumor in reference
to the members from Kentucky—he may be
deprived of his seat, as has been done in the
case of the Kentucky members, depriving a
whole State of representation. 1 therefore
hope—and I appeal with confidence to the fair-
ness and patriotism, as well as loyalty, of the
gentleman from Massachusetts—that at as early
a day as practicable during this brief session the
Committee of Elections will report, so that those
districts of Kentucky may*be represented in
this House.
Mr. DAWES. I agree generally to what the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood] has
said, but I do not understand that any gentle-
man holding a certificate from the Governor
of Kentucky is kept out of his seat because of
mere rumors. I do not intend to bind myself
to any such course of proceeding; nor do I
understand any gentleman in this House to ask
the House to take such a position, or to ask
that any man shall be kept out of a seat here
a single hour unless there exists some well-
grounded charges against him, such as have been
stated here. If no such charges exist, I hope
the Committee of Elections will be prompt in
bringing it to the notice of the House, and I
have no doubt that every member of the House
will be willing to do justice to these gentlemen.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to ask the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes,] the chairman of the Committee
of Elections, whether the effect of a general
reference, such as has been made in this case,
of all the credentials will not be to lock up
the whole case and leave the committee no dis-
cretion in making a final award in regard to
the title of these parties to seats? It did
strike me when the resolution on this subject
was before the House at our last session that
it ought to have been confined to the specific
question of the disloyalty of individuals. I
voted for the resolution, however, upon the
suggestion of gentlemen that it meant that.
I should not have voted for it otherwise. I
was prepared to say that inquiry should be
made where a distinct allegation was made that
a man was disloyal.
Mr. DAWES. It seems to me, in accord-
ance with my views, that the proper course of
proceeding would have been to refer the cases
separately, where specific allegations were made
that the member claiming the seat was dis-
qualified, either by disloyalty or by any other
disqualification. I think the whole matter is
now before the committee and within the power
