1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
503
of the committee. I agree with the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, that in the preliminary
examination nothing further should be gone
into than that -which touches the qualification
of the individual claimant to his seat.
Mr. BINQHAM. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield to me for a moment?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir.
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg leave to say that
what has fallen from the lips of the chairman
of the Committee of Elections [Mr. Dawes]
shows the necessity of some action being taken
by this House to make the action of the com-
mittee conform to what is undoubtedly the
law governing this case. I understand the
honorable gentleman to say—and I entirely
agree with him—that when a charge is made
in due form, either upon the responsibility of
a member or by petition and ex parte affidavit,
against a person or persons claiming to be
elected as members of this House from an
organized State, the case ought to be referred
to a committee; and that the presentation of
such a case, going to the qualifications of a
person presenting himself as a member, ought
to suspend the administration of the oath to
him.
But, Mr. Speaker, the point which I desire
to present, is that if the committee should,
after diligent inquiry, find nothing against the
personal qualifications of Mr. Grover, who is
named in the paper presented this morning,
the committee, under the resolution as it
stands, could report nothing concerning his
case ; and this gentleman could not be sworn
in until the committee had acted,,upon the
whole question submitted to them—inconsid-
erately, as I think—by the House on last Wed-
nesday.
I repudiate altogether the doctrine that any
member can exclude the entire delegation of
my State by asserting in a speech on this floor
that it is "reported" the elections were improp-
erly conducted. I repudiate the dogma that
any member from my State can bo excluded
by a gentleman asserting in a speech here that
it is "reported" that he is disloyal. But if a
member rises in his place, and upon his respon-
sibility as a member, states, and puts it upon
the Journal of the House, that a person accred-
ited as a member under the great seal of my
State is disqualified under the laws of the
Union, I agree that then there is presented a
case requiring of this House the exclusion of
the person from qualification at its bar until an
investigation can be had.
But, sir, in order that the honorable chair-
man of the Committee of Elections may see
the force of my remarks, I ask that the reso-
lution as passed by the House on last Wednes-
day be read at the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas it is alleged that in the elections recently
held in tho State of Kentucky for Representatives to
the Fortieth Congress the legal and loyal voters in the
several districts in said State have been overawed
and prevented from a true expression of their will
and choice at the polls by, those who have sympa-
thized with or actually participated, in tho late rebel-
lion, and that such elections wore carried by the votes
of such disloyal and returned rebels; and whereas it
is aliened that several of the Representatives-elect
from that State are disloyal: Therefore, ,
Be it resolved. That the credentials of L. S. Trim-
ble, John Young Brown, John Proctor Knott, A. P.
Grover, Thomas L. Jones, James B. Beck, and John
D.Young, members-elect from the State of Ken-
tucky, shall be referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions for report at as early a day as practicable.
Pending the report of said committee none of said
members-elect shall bo allowed to take tho oath of
office and admitted to seats as such.
Mr. BINGHAM. Now, I beg leave to say
that the last clause of this resolution declares
as plainly as words can declare that none of
these members, pending this inquiry by the
committee—an inquiry touching the entire
election in the State of Kentucky—shall be
admitted as members, or allowed to qualify.
I do not think, sir, that that is the way in
which to dispose of an election by a State. I
agree with the chairman of the Committee of
Elections, that when a State which has been
duly organized, and has been recognized as
entitled to representation under the existing
law, by the apportionment of 1862, sends its
members here with certificates under its great
seal, every member thus presenting himself,
unless objection be made to his personal qual-
ification, is entitled to be sworn in.
Now, sir, in the resolution as passed there
is not a single allegation touching the personal
qualification of Mr. Grover and Mr. Beck.
There is not upon your records anything of the
kind, whether resting upon the allegation of a
member or upon the affidavit of a person not
a member. My reason for protesting against
this whole proceeding is, that if the principle
involved is correct, then the entire delegation
from my State may be excluded by the mere
will of a majority whenever any member may
choose to assert in a spe.ech or a resolution
that " it is alleged," or " there is good reason
to believe," that the election in the State of
Ohio was not legally conducted. I deny and
repudiate the whole doctrine; and I shall
vote against it to-day, as I did on last Wed-
nesday.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I of course
cannot tell what will be the action of other
members of the committee. This whole matter
is, as I have said, already before the commit-
tee; and this morning there are presented
papers containing what appears upon its face
to be some evidence touching the disloyalty of
several of the men claiming seats as members
from the State of Kentucky. I submit to the
House that the best disposition of this subject
is to refer it to the Committee of Elections,
who will then have the whole matter under
their control, and will make, I doubt not, with-
out any unnecessary delay, such report as the
exigencies of the case may seem to demand.
I agree with the gentleman from Ohio, and
all that 1 have said has been in the same line,
touching the sacred nature of a man's right to
a seat here until something shall be presented
concerning his present disqualification. I have
no doubt the Committee of Elections in their
report upon the record will do something em-
bodying sentiments of a like character, and so
dispose of this matter that we need not fear
the establishment of any dangerous precedent.
I therefore move that the papers and the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois be referred
to the Committee of Elections. I do not de-
mand the previous question at this time, but
yield to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr,
Logan.]
Mr. LOGAN. I do not desire to carry this
discussion any further; but, sir, it seems to mo
I do not understand my own language, or else
other gentlemen here do not understand it.
tinder this resolution, I care not how good
lawyers gentlemen may be, or how good lawyers
they may esteem themselves, I am satisfied
under this resolution, with the proper construc-
tion which Lam sure it will certainly get, where
the charges against these men are of disloyalty,
the committee has the right at any time to
report to this House in order that the House
may act on the question. It does seem to me
that there can be no doubt in regard to that
point.
The charge made against these men, made
by papers filed, is that of their disloyalty, and
the resolution tends to that point, and whether
you divide it or take it in the aggregate makes
no difference. Each one ot the members
against whom charges are made is mentioned
by name in the resolution, and you may divide
that resolution, or the committee^ may divide
it, but the charge in the resolution goes to
each and every member there named.
There ought not to be any fears that any
great outrage will be perpetrated here. I his
resolution does not disfranchise Kentucky, as
my friend seems to think; but as he is so much
alarmed in reference to the disfranchisement
of the rebels in Kentucky, I will inform him
that the resolution does not apply to every
member of that State. There is one excep-
tion—the name of George M. Adams does not
appear in the resolution. Hence it does not
exclude the whole representation of the State
at all, but excludes those men who claim seats
from tha right to be sworn until this question
shall be determined, and that is all it does do.
I know perhaps it was unfortunate the reso-
lution was not drawn up by some one else. If
some one else had drawn it perhaps they would _
have put it in a shape to be better understood.
I thought when I drew it that I understood it
myself, and I thought that the House under-
stood it when it voted on it, and I have no
doubt that it was understood then "as I now
understand it, that under that resolution the
Committee of Elections is required to report
as soon as practicable, upon what? Upon these
facts to the House, so that the House may then
act and decide whether these men are entitled
to seats'; whether they have been loyal or dis-
loyal. That is the whole tenor of the resolu-
tion. It was so understood then, and I think
it is so understood now.
As a matter of course, Mr. Speaker, it can-
not be understood by gentlemen who voted
against the resolution. I do not suppose you
could draw up any kind of resolution here
which would satisfy the gentlemen who voted
against it; at least I do not propose to do so.
You cannot satisfy a man and convince him a
thing is right when he is determined in his own
mind it is not right; and you may introduce
resolution after resolution against these mem-
bers in any way excluding them until these
charges are proved to the satisfaction of the
House to be unjust, and they would vote against
them. I do not propose to pander to the
humors and caprices of any one in this partic-
ular. As I have remarked already, I think I
understood the resolution when it was ottered.
I know I do, and that it means no such thing
as has been suggested by some gentlemen on
tho other side of the House.
Mr. DAWES. Before renewing the demand
for tho previous question, I desire to call the
attention of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wood] to the Globe, pointed out to me
by a friend sitting near, showing that there is
evidence reaching the gentleman from Ken-
tucky who was a member of the last House.
I no,w renew the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I ask
leave to introduce an amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I will hear it.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. It is to
add as follows:
"With instructions to report as promptly as pos-
sible in all the cases upon the one specific charge of
disloyalty, and with power so far to purge the claim-
ants on oath."
Mr. DAWES. I would yield and allow the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania to be offered if I did not suppose that
the committee have absolute control over this
whole matter, and can vote to-morrow upon
that specific allegation against these individuals
just as well without it as with it. Whether the
committee shall be instructed to put them upon
oath or not, they are required to take that oath
before the House if admitted. I think the
House had better trust the committee.
Mr. BINGHAM. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts if he supposes he can
make an inquiry touching the disloyalty of a
member when there is no allegation against
him?
Mr. DAWES. I will say in answer to the
question that the committee will' at once report
back the credentials of any such gentleman,
and he will be sworn in in less time than we
have been discussing the question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the paper with the pending motion
was referred to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OYER.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that when
the House adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet
on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 65; noes45.
