1861
Tfii > CONGRESSIONAL - <3LOBE.
m
is entitled to the floor, and moves to suspend
the rules. .The resolutions, having been pre-
sented by the gentleman. from Indiana, were
^Ported, when the gentleman from New York
("Mr. Wood] rose?-stating that he desired to
debate the resolutions. The Ghair then asked
the gentleman from Indiana, whether he had
asked unanimous consent t<3 offer the resolu-
tions, or whether he moved. to suspend the
rules. The getitleman from Indiana stated
that he desired to move to suspend the rules,
i j i a ris^t to do; and he was enti-
tled to the floor for that purpose in preference
to all other gentlemen.
Mr. WOOD. But I submit that the Speaker
awarded me the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognized the
gentleman from New York, supposing that he
desired to object to the introduction of the res-
olutions, but certainly not to debate the reso-
lutions, which are not yet before the House,
having been reported solely for information.
Mr. WOOD. I yield to the decision of the
Speaker. ,
_ The SPEAKER. Such is the uniform rul-
lug on questions of this sort.
Mr. BOYER. Would it be in order to move
to refer these resolutions?
The SPEAKER. They are not before the
House.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If the rules be sus-
pended would it then be in order to move to
refer the resolutions to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs ?
The SPEAKER. It would if the previous
question be not demanded or seconded.
The question was taken, and the House re-
fused to suspend the rules.
woman's rights.
Mr. NOELL. I move that the rules be
suspended in order to submit the following
resolution :
Resolved, That in the name of the people of the
United States, we tender our thanks to Mrs. Lucy
Stone for her gallant campaign in Kansas in vindi-
cation of the immutable principles of eternal justice.
[Laughter.]
The rules were not suspended.
grants of land to southern railroads.
Mr. JULIAN. I move that the rules be
suspended in order to permit me to introduce
the following resolution:
, Resnhed, That the Committee on Public Lands be
instructed to inquire into tlie expediency of provid-
ing by law for the forfeiture to the United Stales of
all 1 finds granted to the several States of the South
in 1856 to aid in the construction of sundry railroads,
which grants have expired by limitation.
The rules were not suspended.
reconstruction.
Mr. SPALDING-, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill supplementary to an act enti-
tled "An act to provide for the more efficient
government of the rebel States, "passed March
2, 1867, and also the act supplementary thereto
passed March 23, 1867 ; which was read a first
and second time, ordered to be printed, and
referred to the select Committee on Recon-
struction.
thanks to "petroleum Y. nasby," etc.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, we have
passed several resolutions of thanlis, some
three or four, to the commanding officers of
military districts for the manner in which they
have carried out the clear find obvious inten-
tion of Congress and the expositions they have
made of the purpose of Congress. I think it
scarcely fair the other side should not have
some opportunity to notice the champions who
entertain a different view of the subject.
Heartily concurring in the resolutions which
have already passed in reference to our mili-
tary commanders, I submit the following:
Resolved, That the thanks of this House are doe,
and ara hereby tendered, to Rev. Petroleum V.
Nasby, p. m., "at Confedrit Cross Roads, which is
in the Stait of Kaintncky," and Hon. Henry Stan-
bcry, Attorney General, for their long, full, and able
expositions, made from time to time, of the views and
policy of the President of the United States on the
subject of reconstruction.
[Great laughter.]
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I ob-
ject.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. KOONTZ. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
" ; 'contested election
The"SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented papers in the contested-election cases
of Switzler vs. Anderson, Missouri; Birth vs.
Van Horn, Missouri, and Hunt vs. Chilcott,
Colorado; which were referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
Mr. Koontz's motion was agreed to; and
thereupon (at two o'clock and twenty-five min-
utes p. m.) the House adjourned till Monday
next.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under tlio
rule, andreforred to the appropriate committees:
By the SPEAKER : The petition of Henry C. San-
ford, of Centre, Alabama, for the removal of disa-
bility.
By Sir. CLARKE, of Kansas: The petition of
James C, Fisher and others, clerks and enlisted men
at hoadquarters, department of the Missouri, praying
that such legislative measures may be adopted as
shall securo a sufficient remuneration for their ser-
vices performed.
By Mr. ELIOT: The petitions of John T, Ilardie,
William Gregg, Robert F. Patten, and Erasmus D.
Beach, all of Louisiana, praying for acta of Con-
gress granting restoration of citizenship.
IN SENATE.
Monday, July 8, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
Hon. Garrett Davis, of Kentucky, and Hon.
Reverdy Johnson, of Maryland, appeared in
their seats.
indian hostilities.
Mr. HENDERSON. Is it in order to pro-
pose a resolution of inquiry?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On what
subject ?
Mr. HENDERSON. It is calling for in-
formation from the Secretary of War and the
Secretary of the Interior in reference to our
Indian hostilities.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I am in-
clined to think not, under the resolution that
was passed on Friday.
Mr. GRIMES. A resolution of inquiry is
not legislative business.
Mr. HENDERSON. I was thinking it was
not legislative business. I do not propose to
legislate on the subject, but to ask information
from the Departments. I do not propose at
present to act upon that information. If there
be any doubt about it, inasmuch as it is very
important to get the information to determine
afterward whether we shall do anything or
not, I ask the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate to permit me to offer a couple of resolu-
tions on that subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Missouri asks the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to offer a resolution. Is
there any objection?
Mr. DRAKE. Under the rules of the Sen-
ate is such a unanimous consent ordinarily
necessary to enable a Senator to offer a reso-
lution of inquiry ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I believe
it has always been understood that unanimous
consent dispenses with a rule. I believe the
Senate has always acted on that idea, that if
there is no objection a thing may done which
any objection would prevent.
Mr. DRAKE. But the point I wish to
ascertain is whether, if the Senate had not
adopted the resolution which was adopted on
Friday last, it would be necessary for my col-
league to ask the unanimous consent of the
Senate to offer a resolution of inquiry.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Undoubt-
edly not; he might offer it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He could not offer it
without a day's notice.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If could
not be considered without a day's notice if
objection was made.
Mr. DRAKE. I Understand it could not be
considered without a day's notice if objection
was made; but the point I wish to get at 5s
whether, if that resolution had not been
adopted the other day, it would be necessary
for a Senator to ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to offer a resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainly
not. Under our rules resolutions would be in
order.
Mr. DRAKE. Then, sir, I object to any
unanimous Consent being asked or givep in
this case. The resolution which was offered
the other day does not touch this matter, in
my judgment,_ at all. The resolution is itself
bad enough without superadding to it anything
whatever. In my opinion, this is no legisla-
tive business which is barred from the consid-
eration of the Senate by that resolution. If it.
is, if the Senate has in reality tied its hands,
emasculated itself, made itself of no force, no
power whatever as a coordinate branch of the
Government, the sooner that resolution is
repealed the better. I object to the whole
thing of my colleague asking the unanimous
consent of the Senate to do that which he is
not under the necessity of asking the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to do. -
Mr. HENDERSON. My colleague will
remember that even though no rule had been
adopted at all, a single objection would carry
these resolutions of inquiry over until to-mor-
row, and my colleague could, even with the
repeal of the resolution of Friday last, carry
over either of these resolutions to another
day. _ I desire this information to-day. It is
very important to the frontier that this inform-
ation be given. An Indian war is upon us,
and we want to know the origin of it. We
want to know the causes of it. We want to
know whether it can be stopped or not. We
want to know whether this expenditure of
money which is now necessarily before us can
be avoided. We want to know whether the
lives of our citizens can be spared, and whether
Indian hostilities with all their barbarities can
be avoided. Now, sir, our State is deeply
interested in this thing. We desire that the
Pacific railroads, the two branches, shall be
constructed, and constructed as rapidly as pos-
sible. No State in the Union is more deeply
interested than the State represented by my
colleague and myself in having these Indian
hostilities speedily and permanently settled ;
and I rise merely for the purpose of asking my
colleague, if not as a favor to the country, as
a favor to me personally, that he permit these
resolutions to pass now, not to-morrow but to-
day, not the next day after to-morrow but this
morning, so that this information can be fur-
nished promptly. I do not propose any legis-
lation at present, because I do not know that
I shall be able to suggest any even after the
information comes in; but it is due to the
country, it is due to the Senate, it is due to
the Secretary of War and the Secretary of the
Interior that this information be furnished and
that the country know why this war is being
waged, what its probable length of duration
will be, and what it is likely to cost. There-
fore I beg of my colleague that he will suffer
this information to come before the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE obtained the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senator from
Missouri if he will give way for a moment to
allow me to make a report with a view of get-
ting a bill printed, so that we may have it early
before us.
Mr. DRAKE. Certainly.
reconstruction.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to allow me to make a
report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
received, no objection being made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary-, to whom were referred sundry bills
