1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£07
his resolution, I will be the last Senator here
to^ object tp its present consideration. The
thing .that I object to is that he should ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to offer it.
Mr. POMEROY. I think there is no need
of his asking the unanimous consent of - the
Senate to offer the resolution. It is only, the
unanimous consent of the Senate to consider
it that is necessary. This is no resolution of
legislation, nothing that looks to legislation.
He can offer the resolution when resolutions
are called for, tlje same as he can offer a peti-
tion when petitions are called for; but if he
wants the Senate to consider it he must have
the unanimous consent of the body.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution adopted on Friday last will be read, so
that we may understand it.
The Chief Clerk read the following resolu-
tion, adopted by the Senate on the 5th instant:
_ Resolved, That the legislative business of this ses-
sion be confincd to removing the obstructions which
have been, or are likely to be, placed in the way
of the fair execution of the acts of reconstruction
heretofore adopted by Congress, and to giving to
said acts the scope intended by Congress when tlio
same were passed; and that further legislation at
this session on the subject of reconstruction or on
any other subjects is not expedient.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no doubt myself that
the construction given to the rule by the Sen-
ator from Missouri on my right [Mr. Drake] is
the correct one, that such a resolution as that
offered by the Senator from Missouri on my
left [Mr. Henderson] is not legislative busi-
ness, nor requiring the action of the other
coordinate branches of the Government; and
it seems to me this is as good a time as any to
have the question settled by the Senate, for I
believe questions of order are settled by the
Senate. I trust, therefore, that we shall have
the question presented to the Senate, and that
we shall decide that mere calls for information
upon the Departments or the President are not
legislative business, so that the question may
not come up again in any other shape.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. 1 was about
to make that proposition. The Chair has a
right, I believe, under our rules to have the
Senate pass upon this question of order. The
question will be, then, whether it is in order
for a Senator to offer a resolution of inquiry;
and the Chair would propound that question
to the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. There cannot be any ques-
tion about that; nobody disputes it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There can
be a question about anything.
Mr. SUMNER. Is that open to debate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I suppose
it is.
Mr. SUMNER. I would say then, sir, that
while it would seem very irrational to cut off
resolutions of inquiry, yet it seems to me that
under the terms of the resolution adopted on
Friday they are cut off. As I understand the
business of the Senate, it is threefold: it is
legislative, executive, and diplomatic. The two
latter classes of business occur in what is called
executive session, with closed doors; the first
class is in legislative session, with open doors.
All that we do with open doors, 1 submit, is
legislative in its character. There may be no
statute or resolution under consideration, but
the information that is asked for contemplates
legislation. It is preliminary to legislation ; it
is with a view to obtain information on which
legislation may be founded. Therefore I sub-
mit that it is legislative in its character: in one
word, it-is legislative business. If, for instance,
there could be no legislation on the subject,
there would be no occasion for any such in-
quiry, nor, I presume, would any Senator think
of propounding it. It seems to me, there-
fore, that under the resolution which has been
adopted, the inquiry that is now proposed must
be considered as legislative in its character, and
hence excluded. Of course that brings us to
a conclusion as to the irrational character of
that resolution, on which before this day is out I
hope to have something more to say on a more
direct proposition. I forbear now going into
it any further; but at this first moment 1
i"
attention to the incongruous and irrational char-
acter of the proposition which the Senate has
adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is: Is the resolution of inquiry offered
by the Senator from Missouri in, order .without
the unanimous consent of the Senate?
The question being put, it was determined
in the affirmative, nem. con.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The res-
olution is in order. Is there any objection
to its present consideration ? The Chair hears
none. The resolution will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the resolutions, as
follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior com-
municate to the Senate any roports made to bis De-
artment by commissioners heretofore appointed, or
_y superintendents or agents of Indian tribes, to-
gether with any other authentie and rcliabio infor-
mation in his possession, touching the origin and
progress of existing Indian hostilities on the frontier.
He will further communicate to the Senate, as far
as he can, the oxtent of the disaffection among the
Indian tribes; whether they are waging war ast tribes
or as individuals, and if as individuals, what disposi-
tion has been or is likely to bo made of the friendly
Indians formerly belonging to what aro known as
hostile bands, and that he make sueh suggestions as
in his judgment will lead to themostspeedy termina-
tion of pending hostilities and provent Indian wars
in the future.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. HENDERSON. I offer another reso-
lution on the same subject:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War communicate
to the Senate any authentic facts that have come
into his possession since the 4th of March last touch-
ing the origin, progress, and cxtont of Indian hos-
tilities in the western Territories and the frontier
States, and that he especially transmit copies of such
orders as have been issued by the military officers
conducting hostile operations against the Indians
and such roports as may have been made by them to
his Department or to superior officers and commu-
nicated to the Department, showing the causes and
extent of disaffection among the Indian tribes, tho
prcciso cllaractcr of warfare adopted or suggested
for the suppression of the troubles, and the probable
duration thereof. And the Secretary will further
inform tho Sonato what number of friendly Indians
has been segregated from the hostile bands, and what
disposition has been mado of them: whether they are
on their reservations sustaining themselves or sup-
ported by the Government; also tho probable number
of Indians engaged in war, and to what tribes they
belong; what reasons, if any, aro given by them for
their acts of hostility, and whether any efforts have
been made or directed to be mado by tho Department
to terminate the troubles by negotiation or by any
other moans than the continued prosecution of war.
And tho Secretary is requested to communioate such
suggestions as in his judgment will best tend to secure
a speedy and lasting peace with the Indian tribes.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
MEXICAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
that I offered the other day in regard to Mexico.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to taking it up ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read for inform-
ation.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Chandler on the 3d instant, as
follows:
Remfaed, That the President be requested, if not
incompatible with the public interest, to transmitto
tho Senate all the official correspondence between
Department of State and Hon. L^wis D. Campbell,
Into minister of the United States to the republic
of Mexico, from the time of his appointment; also,
the correspondence of the Department with his suc-
cessor.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a resolution that
I offered immediately after my friend from
Michigan offered his, which is a little broader
than his, and I happen to know that it would
draw out some correspondence which the reso-
lution of the Senator would not draw out.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let us pass them both.
Mr. SUMNER. My impression is that in
making the call we had better make it suffi-
ciently broad to draw out all that it is import-
ant for the public interests now to know. I
should like to have my resolution read by way
of reminder to the Senate.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Sumner on the 3d instant, as
follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested, if in his opinion not incompatible with
the publio interest, to furnish tho-Senate copies of
any correspondence on the files; of the Department
of State relating to any recent Wcnts in Mexico.
Mr. SUMNER. It will be observed that
the language of that proposition is much broader
than that from the Senator froi^Michigan, and
will be applicable to some events that certainly
cannot be embraced in his call. It seems to
me advisable that while we are making a call
we should make it broad enough to cover all
the matters with regard to which there is an
interest.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator must be
aware that a call for any information concern-
ing recent events in Mexico would not touch
the case to which the resolution of the Senator
from Michigan refers. That correspondent
was with a gentleman in New Orleans, not in
Mexico. We can pass them both.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objec-
tion being made to its consideration, the ques-
tion is on agreeing to the resolution of the
Senator from Michigan.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. SUMNER. Now I call up my resolu-
tion.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution has just been read. The question is on
its adoption.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask that it be read again.
I want to hear it.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution.
Mr. WILSON. I am very glad that this
resolution has been offered, and I trust it will
bring all the information asked for. For my-
self I think it of vital importance that this
information should be obtained. I have reason
to fear that our relations with Mexico in all
respects are not what they ought to be, and
that the influence and position of this Govern-
ment are not to-day what they ought to be in
that country. I hope that the information now
called for will be produced to the Senate and
the country, and 1 hope the public judgment
of the country will watch carefully the course
of the Government in relation to the Mexican
republic — a republic that should have the
sympathies of this nation.
Mr. HOWARD. The resolution as pre-
sented by the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts is very general in its terms. I would
inquire of him what correspondence or docu-
ments he expects to obtain? What is the
character of them? What aro the subjects to
which they relate? Wo have had a newspaper
report that the adventurer Maximilian was
recently executed by the sentence of a court-
martial after he had been captured as a pris-
oner. I wish to know of the Senator from
Massachusetts whether the information he
expects from the Department of State relates
to that very interesting subject?
Mr. SUMNER. It does relate to the exe-
cution of Maximilian. I hope that the Secre-
tary of State will lay before us all the proceed-
ings with regard to his arrest and trial and
execution. I hope also that he will be able
to communicate to us the proceedings _ with
regard to Santa Anna and his arrest, raising,
as the Senate is aware, possibly a question of
international law. I am not sufficiently con-
versant with the facts to pronounce definitely
upon it; but the Senate is aware that there is
a possibility of such a question. The resolu-
tion that I have proposed is applicable to all
recent questions in Mexico, and I presume
that it will draw from the Department of State
all that they have on their files relating to
recent events there.
Mr. HOWARD. I am happy to learn from
the Senator that he expects to obtain informa-
tion respecting the execution of Prince Max-
imilian. I hope the Secretary of State will
furnish to us all the documents in his posses-
sion that are in any sense authentic upon that
subject, in order that the world may under-
stand wha,t were the real causes for putting
him to death; and I entertain the expecta-
tion that if the truth is fully communicated it
