1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
//
509
Mr. SUMMER. - I would rather the Senator
■would be gdod enough to proceed in order;
offer the resolution first, so that it may be
understood- ■ ,
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is perfectly
aware that the first question is, whether the
resolution shall be considered to-day.
Mr. CHANDLER. Precisely; I know that.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely wish the rule to
be followed. *
Mr. CHANDLER. I wish to state a very
few reasons for presenting the resolution.
' Mr. SUMNER. The reasons cannot be
assigned, the Senator is aware, until the reso-
lution is received. -
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; 1 will adhere
to the strict letter of the rule, then.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will send his
resolution to the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I suppose
strictly the resolution should first be read for
information, that the Senate may judge whether
it is in order under the late rule. //
Mr. CHANDLER. I will read it:
"Whereas it is alleged that Maximilian, the so-
called emperor of Mexico, did on the 3d day of Octo-
ber, I860, issue the following decree:
maximilian, emperor op mexico.
Having hoard our council of ministers and our
council of state, we decree:
ARTrcLEl. All persons belonging to armed bands
or corps not legally authorized, whether they proclaim
or not any political principles, and whatever be the
number of those who compose the said bauds, their
organization, character, and denomination, shall be
tried militarily by the courts-martini; and if found
guilty, even ot the only fact of belonging to tho band,
they shall be condemned to capital punishment
within the twenty-four hours following the sentonce.
The "bands" were the regular soldiers of
the republic, fighting for the Government of
Mexico.
Art. 2. Thoso who, belonging, to the bands men-
tioned in the previous article, will be captured with
arm? in their hands, shall be tried by the officer of
the force which hascaptured them, whether it be a
a general or second lieutenant, or a sergeant; they
are to be tried by the officer capturing them 
Mr. SUMNER. I object to the reception
of the resolution except in the common form.
I must insist on the rules of the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well, I will adhere
to the rule ; and I ask the Clerk to read the
remainder of the decree recited in the resolu-
tion.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Art. 2. Those who, belonging to the bands men-
tioned in tho previous article will be captured with
arms in their hands, shall be tried by the officer of
the force which has captured them, and he shall
within a delay never extending over twenty-four
hours after the said capture, make a verbal inquest
of the offense, hearing the defense of the prisoner.
Of this inquest ho will draw an act, closing with the
sentence, which must be to capital punishment if
the accused is found guilty, even if only of the fact
of belonging to the band. The officer snail have tho
sentence executed within the twenty-four hours
aforesaid, seeing that the criminal receive spiritual
assistance. The sentence having been executed, the
officer shall forward the act of inquest to tho minis-
ter of war.
Art. 3. From the penalty established in the pre-
ceding article shall only be exempted those who,
having done nothing more than being with the band,
will prove that they were made to join it by force, or
did not belong to it, but were found accidentally in it.
Art. 4. If, from the inquest mentioned in article
two, facts are clicited which induce the officer holding
it to believe that the prisoner was made to join the
band by force, without having committed any other
crime, or that he was found accidentally in it, with-
out belonging to it, the said officer shall abstain from
passing sentence, and he shall send the accused, with
the respective aot of inquest, to the proper court-
martial, in order that tho trial be proceeded with by
the latter, in conformity with article one.
Art. 5. Shall be tried and sentenced conformably
with article one of this law: 1st. All thoso who will
voluntarily assist the " ouerrilleroa" with money or
any other means whatever. 2d. Those who will give
them advice, information, or counsel. 3d. Those
who voluntarily, and knowing that they are "cuer-
rillero8,,} will put within their reach or sell them
arms, horses, ammunition, subsistence, or any arti-
cles of war whatever.
Art. 6- Shall also bo tried conformably with the
said article 1st: 1. Those who will hold with the
" yuerrilleroe" such relations as infer connivance
with them. 2. Those who, voluntarily and know-
iiigly will conceal them in their houses or estates.
3 Those who, by word or writing, will spread false
or alarming reports by which public order may be
disturbed, or wiil make against it any kmd of dem-
onstration whatever. 4, All owners or odmims-
trators of rural estates who will not give prompt
notice to the nearest authority of the passage of
some band through the same estates. Those in-
cluded in paragraphs one and two Of this article
shall be punished by imprisonment from six months
to two years, or by hard labor from one to three
years, according to the gravity of the case. Those
who, being included in paragraph two were the
ascendents, descendents, spouses, or brothers of the
party concealed by them, shall notsuffer the penalty
aforesaid, but they shall remain s'ubjcct to the vigil-
ance of the authorities during the time the coutt-
martial will fix. Those included in paragraph three
of this article shall bo punished by a fine of from
twenty-five to one thousand dollars, or by imprison-
ment from one month to one year, according to the
gravity of the offense. Thoso included in paragraph
lour of this articleshall bepunishedby a fine of frohi
two hundred to two thousand dollars.
Art. 7, The local authorities of tho villages who
will not give notice to their immediate superiors of
the passage through their villages of armed men
will be ministerially punished by the said superiors
by a fine of from two hundred to two thousand dol-
lars, or by seclusion from three months to two years.
Art. 8. Whatever residents of a village who, hav-
ing information of the proximityorpassageof armed
men by the village, will not give notice of it to the
authorities shall buffer a iineof from five to five" hun-
dred dollars.
Art. 9. All residents of a villago threatened by
somo gang, who are between the ages of oighteen
and fifty-five years, and have no physical disability,
are obliged to present themselves for the common
defense as soon as called, and lor failing to do so they
shall be punibhed by a fine of from five to two hun-
dred dollars, or by imprisonment of fifteen days to
four months. If the authorities thinkitmore proper
to punish the village for not having defended itself,
they may impose upon it a fine of fiom two hundrod
to two thousand dollars, and the said fine shall bo
paid by all those together, who, being in tho cate-
gory prescribed by this article, did not present them-
selves for the common defense.
Art. 10. All owners or administrators of rural
estates, who, being ablo to defend themselves, wiil
not prevent the entrance on tho said estates of guer-
rilleroB or other malefactors,* or, after these have
entered, will not give immediate information of it to
tho nearest military authunty; or will receive on
the estates the tired or wounded horses of the gangs,
without notifying the said authority of the fact, shall
be punished tor it by a fino of from one hundred to
two thousand dollars, according to the importance
of the case; and if it is of great gravity, they shall bo
put in prison and sent to the court-martial, to bo
tried by tho latter conformably with the law. Tho
fine shall be paid to the principal administrator of
rents to which the estate belongs^ The provision of
the first part of this article is applicable to the popu-
lations.
Art. 11. Whatever authorities, whether political,
military, or municipal, shall abstain from, proceed-
ing, in conformity with tho provisions of this law,
against parties suspected or known to have committed
the offenses provided for in said law, will be minis-
terially punished by a fine of from fifty to one thou-
sand dollars; and if it appear that tho fa.ult was of
such a nature as to import complicity with the crim-
inal, the said authorities will be submitted by order
of the Government to the court-martial, to be tried
by the latter and punished according to tho gravity
of the offense.
Art, 12. Thieves shall be tried and sentenced in
conformity with article one of this law, whatever may
be the nature and circumstances of tho thett.
Art. 13. The sentence of death pronounced for
offenses provided for by this law shall bo executed
within tho delays prescribed in it, and itis prohibited
that any demands for pardon be gone through. # If
the sentence is not of death and the criminal is a
foreigner, even after its execution the Govornmcnt
may use toward him the faculty it has to expel from
the territory of tho nation all obnoxious strangers.
Art. 14. Amnesty is granted to all those who may
have belonged, and may still belong, to armed bands
if they present themselves to the authorities before
the 15th of November next, provided they have not
committed any other offenses subsequently to tho
date of the present law. Tho authorities will receive
the arms of those who will present themselves to
accept tho amnesty.
Art. 15. The Government reserves the faculty to
declare when the provisions of this law will cease.
Each one of our ministers is charged with tho exe-
cution of this law in the part which concerns him,
and will give the necessary orders forits strict observ-
a Given at the Palace of Mexico on the 3d of Octo-
ber, 1865. MAXIMILIAN.
The Minister of Foreign Affairs, charged with the
ministry of State,
JOSE F. RAMIREZ*
The Minister of "War,
JUAN MAS PEZA.
The Minister of Improvement,
LUISROBLES PEZUELA.
The Minister of the Interior,
JOSE MARIA ESTBVA.
The Minister of Justice, _ ,
PEDRO ESCUDERO Y ECHANOVE.
The Minister of Public Instruction and Religious
"Worship,
MANUEL SILICEO.
Tho Sub-Secretary of tho Treasury.
FRANCISCO DE P. CESAR.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then my resolution
A true copy.
Washington. October .£3, 1805.
IUNO. MARISOAL, Secretary.
And whereas it is alleged that, under that inhuman
and barbarous decree, issued in violation of the laws
of war, tho rights of two Mexican people, and of tho
civilization of the nineteenth century. Major Oenoral
Jos6 M. Ortega, Brigadier General Nicolas Salnzar,
Colonels Diaz Paracho, Villa Gomez, Perez Milicua,
Villands, and more than two thousand other Mexi-
can patriots, officers and men, were inhumanly-mur-
dered in cold blood* after having surrendered Mi pris-
oners of war, in violation of every law and usage of
civilized warfare.
He$olved, Th at the Commi tte 0 on Foreign Relations
%e directed to inquire as to the truth of the above
allegations, and report the facts to this body at the
earliest practicable moment.
I deem it very important, Mr. President,
that the facts in this case should be known.
Mr. SUMNER. I object to the considera-
tion of that resolution to-day. Let it lie over.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well. I will say
what I have to say to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution lies over under the rules, objection being
made to its consideration.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhekson, its Clerk) an-
nounced that the House had passed a con-
current resolution directing the reSnrollment
of House resolution No. 0, of the Tortieth
Congress, in order that the same may be again
signed by the Presiding Officers of the Senate
and House, and again presented to the Presi-
dent for his approval.
THANKS TO GENERAL SHERIDAN.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will lay before the Senate some resolutions
from the House of Representatives that are on
the table.
The joint resolution (H. U. No. 53) tender-
ing the thanks of Congress to Major General
Philip II. Sheridan was read the first time.
Mr. POMEROY. It appears to rae that is
a resolution of legislation: it is a joint resolu-
tion requiring the signature of the President.
I thought so the other day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I suppose
that is the case.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought we ought to
pass it before we passed that rule; but the
Senate thought otherwise, and I now object to
the reference of this joint resolution to any
committee under our rule. If it is referred to
a committee and they are to consider it, of
course they are to consider it in the light of
legislation; and it is precisely in character
like the resolution which the Senate have
already said they *Qo not consider to be in
order. If this was a concurrent resolution or
a simple resolution of the Senate, it might not
have the character of legislation; but itis a
joint resolution, and if we refer it to a com-
mittee and direct them to report, it comes
precisely under that class of cases.
Mr. EESSENDEN. There is .no question
about that at all.
Mr. POMEROY. I think there is no ques-
tion about it. I object to its being referred to
any committee, or being read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. An objec-
tion is raised under the resolution of the Sen-
ate to the disposition of these bills. I do not like
to give a construction to that resolution which
prevents our consideration of thetn. I will
refer it to the Senate to determine whether
action on this matter is in order or not.
Mr. CAMERON. I am sorry there should
be any objection to the passage of this resolu-
tion. I do not see that there is any legisla-
tion in it. It is merely a justly deserved com-
pliment to one of the most meritorious officers
of our Army, a man who has, perhaps acted
with greater bravery, greater decision, and
more promptness than any other man in the
Army. This is merely a resolution of thanks
for his services. There is no legislation con-
nected with it. This is a compliment to him,
passed by the other House, anu all we have to
do is, without sending it to a committee, just
to put the question and say whether this House
