1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
515
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. KELLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXCUSE FROM COMMITTEE 01? ELECTIONS.
Ihe SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Delaware has requested the Chair to lay the
following letter before the House:
The Clerk read as follows:
Dovek, July 4, 1867.
feiu: I respectfully request that you ask the Ilouse
to excuse mo from further service on the Committee
01 Elections My intercourse and association with
the rest of the committee havo been of the most
agreeable ltmd; but I am convinced that the minor-
ity can be better served by the appointment of some
other member.
Yours, very respectfully,
TT „ „ JOHN A. NICHOLSON.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax, Speaker of the House of licp-
resentatives, Washington, J). 0.
Mr. DAWES. I am exceedingly sorry that
the gentleman from Delaware has seen proper
to send such a communication to this House.
His relations with the committee have been of
the kindest character. The esteem in which
he and the services he has rendered is held by
the committee is such that, without there are
reasons which ought to control our action, I
hope the House will decline to excuse him.
What his reasons are I do not know. I only
express the opinion of the committee when I
regret that he has asked to be excused. I
hope lie may be induced to withdraw his re.-
quest; and to that end I move that the subject
be postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
MVENUE FROM TAX ON DISTILLED SPIRITS.
Mr. KELLEY. I offer the following res-
olution :
lhsolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to this House the amount of reve-
nuothat has been received from the tax on distilled
spirits irom each congressional district in theseveral
bcates, District of Columbia, each of the Territories,
and each of the collection districts of the rebel States
duiing the fiscal year which terminated on the 30th
of June, 1867.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I suggest that the gen-
tleman make it each "collection district"
instead of " congressional district."
Mr. KELLEY. I agree to that modification.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
PUBLICATION OF CABINET ACTION.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer the following pre-
amble and resolution:
Whereas there was published on the 21st day of
June last in the National Intelligencer, a newspaper
printed in the city of Washington, what was styled
"an authorized statement of proceedings" of the
President of the United States and the Cabinet in
relation to an interpretation of the acts of Congress
"commonly known asthereeonstructionacts/'which
provide for a reestablishment of civil government in
the rebel States, said publication purporting to be
"by authority:" Now, therefore,
Be it resolved, That the President be requested to
inform this House whether said publication was made
by his authority or with his knowledge or assent, and
whether thefuli and complete recoid or minute of
all the proceedings, conclusions, and determinations
of' the President and Cabinet relating to said acts of
Congress and their interpretation is embraced or
given m said publication; and that he be respect-
fully requested to furnish to this House a true copy
of the tull and complete record or minute of such
proceedings, conclusions, and determinations in
regard to the interpretation of the said reconstruc-
tion acts.
Mr. BOSS. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to suspend the
rule?.
Mr. ROSS. It is a resolution calling for
executive information, which requires unani-
mous conpent.
The SPEAKER. That rule can be sus-
pended at any time during the first session of
ihe Fortieth Congress.
Mr. BOY^ER demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 103, nays 26, not vot-
ing 89; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, James #M. Ashley,
Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Benjamin,, Benton,
Bingham, Boutwell, Buekland, Butler, Churchill.
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Gul-
lom, Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs.Eokley.Eggle-
ston, Ela, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields,
Finney.Garfield,Gravely, Griswold, Hamilton, Hard-
ing, Hayes, Hooper, Hopkins, Hulburd, Hunter,
IngersolJ, Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Kclley, Kclsey,
Kitchen, Koontz, George V.Lawrence. William Law-
rence, Logan, Loughridge, Xjynch, Marvin, McClurg,
Mercur, Moore, Moorhead, Myers, O'Neill, Ortn,
Paine, Perham, Peters, Piko, Pile, Plants, Polsley,
Price, llaum. Robertson, Sawyer, Schenek, Scofield,
belye, Shank^bhellabarger, Smith, Spalding, Stark-
weather, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens,Taffe,
Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson. Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, RobertT. Van Horn,Ward,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Henry D. Washburn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Weiker, Thomas Williams, Wil-
liam Williams, James F. Wilsofi, John T. Wilson,
and Stephen F. Wilson—103.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Barnes, Boyer,
Brooks, Burr, Chanler, Eldridge, Gotz, Glossbrenner,
Holman, Hotchkiss, Marshall, Morgan, Morrissey,
Mungen, Niblack. Nocll, Randall, Ross, Sitgreaves,
Stewart, Stone, Taber, Van Trump, and Wood—26.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Deios R. Ashley,
Blame, Blair, Bromwell, Broomall, Cake, Coburn,
Cornell, Covode, Dodge, Fox, Ilaight, Halsey, Ilill,
Asahel W. Iiubbnrd, Chester D. Hubbard, Hum-
phrey, Kerr, Ketcham, Laflin, Lincoln, Loan, Mal-
lory. McCarthy, McCullough, Miller. Morrell, New-
comb, Nicholson, Phelpj. Poland, Pomeroy, Pruyn,
Robinson, Van Auken, Van Wyck, Windom, and
Woodbridge—39.
. So the rules were suspended, two thirds
having voted in the affirmative.
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand the previous
question on the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the preamble and resolution were
agreed to.
Mr. SCIIEN"CK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsidcr on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HOMESTEADS FOR FIIEEDMBN.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to facilitate the occupation of pub-
lic lands by freedmen under the homestead act;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands when appointed, and printed.
ASSASSINATION CONSPIRACY.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask leave to offer the fol-
lowing preamble and resolutions:
Whereas no investigation of all the facts and cir-
cumstances connected with the assassination of the
late lamented President of the United States has been
had by competent authority, tending to show who
were the persons engaged in the conspiracy 1o (lo the
act, its inducement, its objects, its instruments, and
the means of its accomplishment; and whereas such
investigation cannot bo fully had in a court of justice
trying one or more conspirators on a single issue
trammeled with questions of admissibility of evidence
confined to that issue: Therefore,
Be it resolved. That a special committee of five mem-
bers of theHouse be appointed to make such investi-
gation, and to record the facts thereby obtained, and
report the same to the House at any time, with such
recommenda/ions as may seem proper.
Be it further resolved. That such committee, for the
purposes of this investigation, shall have power to
send for persons and papers, to appoint a clerk and
stenographer, and to sit during any recess of the
Ilouse; and that the expenses of the investigation be
paid from the contingent fund of the House.
Beit further resolved, That as thecrime to be inves-
tigated is of the most heinous, and in this country
unprecedented character, and is believed to have in-
cluded in its plan and perpetration many persons
holding high positions of power and authority, be-
cause of the civil war, who were acting through
infeiior persons as their tools and instruments; and
as suoh persons may be prevented from giving evi-
dence, becauseof liability to punishment for partici-
pation in such conspiracy; thereforem order to open
all sources of evidence, the committee he empowered
to report an act of grace and amnesty according to
parliamentary usage to any person havingcognizance
of such conspiracy not already put on trial and legally
convicted by a court of competent jurisdiction of
complicity therein, who-shall give material and truth-
ful evidence tending to bring to light the facts of said
conspiracy; and that in the judgment of the House,
no person in whose favor such report shall be made
ought to be brought to trial, or any evidence given
by hiui to the committee used against such person on
any trial.
Mr. BOYER. I object.
Mr. BUTLER. I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. UOSS. Would it be in order to refer
the resolutions to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary ?
The SPEAKER. They are not yet before
theHouse.
Mr. ROSS. We have a great many com-
mittees running in vacation, and I should dis-
like to increase them much.
Mr. GLOSSBBENNER. I demand the
yeas and nays on suspending the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
_ The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 98, nays 27, not vot-
ing 43 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.. Ames, Anderson, James M. Ash-
ley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Benjamin, Bon-
ton, Boutwell, Bromwell, Buckland.Butler.ChurchiH,
Garfield Gravely, Griswold, Hamilton,'Harding;
Hayes, Hooper, Hopkins, Hulburd, Hunter Inger-
soil, Judd, Julian, Kclley, Kclsey, Kitchen, Iioontz,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan Lo-
gan, Loughridge, Lynch,McCarthy, McClurg, Morcur,
Miller, Moore, Moorhead. Myers, Ncwcomb,O'Neill,
Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pile, Plants, Polsley,
Price, Raum,'Sawyer, Schenck, Selyc, Shanks, Shel-
labargcr, Spalding, Starkwoathor, Aaron F. Ste-
vens, Thaddeus Stevens, Taffe, Thomas. Trowbridge,
Twichell,Upson, Van Aernam,Robert T. Van Horn.
Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Henry 1), Wash-
burn, William B.Washburn, Wolker. Thomas Wil-
liams, William Williams. James F. Wilson. John T.
Wilson, and Stephen P. AVilson—98.
NAYS—-Messrs. Adams, Archer. Bingham, Boyer,
Brooks, Burr, Chanler, Eldridge, Getz.Glossbrenner,
Ilolman, Hotchkiss, Jenckes. Marshall, Morgan,
Morrissey, Mungen, Niblack, Noell, Rnndall. Ross,
Sitgreaves, Stewart, Stone, Taber, Van Trump,
and Wood—27.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Delos R. Ashley,
Barnes, Blaine, Blair, Broomall, Cake, SidncvClarke,
Cornell, Covode, Esrglpston, Bin, Pox, (laiiht, Hal-
sey, Hill, Asahol W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
Humphrey, Kerr.Kotciinm. Latlin.Lincoln,Mallory,
Marvin, McCullough, Morrell, Nicholson, Phelps,
Pike. Poland, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Robertson, Robinson,
Scofield, Smith, Taylor, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn,
Van Wyck, Windom, and Woodbridge—43.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I think if this res-
olution is to be passed by the House it ought
to include a direction that the testimony taken
by the Judiciary Committee of the Thirty-Ninth
Congress, and which has been taken by that
committee since, should be laid before this
select committee. I will state that the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, by the instruction of
the House, investigated partially the subject
of the assassination conspiracy, and a large
mass of testimony was taken. I have been
persuaded, and so have a number of the mem-
bers of that committee, that that testimony
should be at some time made public. The
committee reported at the first session of the
Thirty-Nintli Congress, but they continued the
examination during the second session, when
another report was made upon a certain branch
of the case. But the investigation never was
considered as completed by that committee, and
I think that it should be completed by some
committee. There are mysteries connected
with it that I think should be ferreted out,
and I hope that whatever committee will be
charged with this investigation will give it a care-
ful and exclusive consideration until the whole
investigation shall have been made complete.
I therefore suggest to the gentleman from
Massachusetts that he add to his resolution
that the testiinonytaken before the Committee
on the Judiciary shall be laid before this com-
mittee as a part of the testimony upon which
they shall act.
Mr. BUTLER. I cheerfully accept the sug-
gestion of my friend from Iowa, and I will offer
this additional resolution:
Be it further resolved. That all the testimony taken
bv the Committee on the Judiciary of the Thirty-
Ninth and Fortieth Con^rcbses germane to tho sub-
ject be referred to this committed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire further to
state that the testimony taken by the Judiciary
Committee during the Fortieth Congress has
been taken in connection with another invest-
igation, and I, speaking for myself as a mem-
ber of the Committee on the Judiciary, feel
that the subject of the assassination will be
sufficient to occupy the attention of ope com-
mittee ; and I do not believethat the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, with the great amount, of
other labor imposed upon it, can give that
attention to this subject which is demanded in
order that the whole case may be known and
placed upon record. i
