1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51T
Mr. BUTLER. I agree to those modifica-
tions.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. In regard to the
resolution which has been read, it provides that
persons not tried by a court of competent juris-
diction and legally convicted shall be entitled
to amnesty on making disclosures to that com-
mittee. I propose to modify it so that it will
provide persons who have not been convicted,
because 4 see that on the language of the reso-
lution the question rises to which attention has
been called by the gentleman from Illinois) and
I dp not wish the House to pass a resolution
which by implication shall question the author-
ity of the commission which tried the conspir-
ators. I therefore suggest to strike out so
much as relates to the jurisdiction of the court,
and let it stand, persons who have been con-
victed.
Mr. BUTLER. I admit the modification,
and am content to have the words "legally"
and "by a court of competent jurisdiction"
stricken out to meet any scruples that any gen-
tlemen may have who suppose the language
may cast some doubt upon the legal commis-
sion, about which, however, I never had any
doubt. I now yield to the gentleman from
Indiana before moving the previous question.
Mr. NIBLACK. I shall detain the House
but a moment. The point I desire to make is
this : that the Congress of the United States,
nor either branch of it, has any pardoning
power. That power is vested by the Consti-
tution in the Executive, and by implication,
therefore, is denied to all ether branches of
the Government. Any act, therefore, of this
House extending or promising amnesty to any
person for offenses against the laws of the
United States would be nugatory and void,
and to pretend that we have the power thus to
pledge the faith of the Government might
embarrass and might even dishonor the Gov-
ernment, because no action which Congress
can take can circumscribe the power vested
in the judiciary in this matter of punishing
offenses. Therefore, if for no other reason, I
should vote against the resolution, because of
the entire want of power in this House or in
the Congress of the United States to interfere
with the question of amnesty and pardon. It
does not belong to the legislative branch of
the Government at all. The power of the Par-
liament of Great-Britain has been claimed as
a precedent, but I submit that it is no pre-
cedent, because the English Parliament is
omnipotent, whereas the power of Congress is
circumscribed by the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, as is that of any other department
of the Government. ■
Mr. BUTLER. I now move the previous
question. •
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to amend by
moving a joint committee.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been moved.
Mr. RANDALL. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to decline to allow
me to make the motion?
Mr. BUTLER. I must stand by the original
proposition.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I will call for a
division of the resolutions at the proper time.
Mr. INGEIISOLL. If the previous ques-
tion is not seconded will it then be in order to
move to make it a joint committee?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I hope the pre-
vious question will not be seconded. _ By hav-
ing a joint committee the public faith of the
Government will be more strongly pledged and
more relied upon by those who may come for-
ward and make voluntary statements in regard
to the conspiracy.
The SPEAKER. This could not be changed
into a joint resolution under the rule adopted
by the'House, but it might be made a concur-
rent resolution by adding the words the ben-
ate concurring." -
Mr. INGERSOLL. That would have the
same effect.
The SPEAKER.
It would'have the same
effect. If there is no objection the modifica-
tion accepted by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts will be incorporated in the resolution.
No objection was made, and the modification
was made.
The previous question was seconded—ayes
91, noes 24—and the main question ordered.
Mr. RANDALL. I now call for a separate
vote on the last resolution which.gives the
power to report "a bill granting grace and
amnesty," doubting, as I do, whether any such
power exists in this House, and also doubting
the propriety of such proceedings .even though
the House had such power.
The vote was then taken on the other reso-
lutions in gross, and they were adopted.
The question recurring on the last resolution
in relation to granting amnesty,
Mr. RAN D ALL demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 28, not vot-
ing 40; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, James M. Ash-
ley, Baker, lianks, Beaman, Bonjauiiu, Bontcm,
Boutwoll, Bi-omwoll, Buckland, Butlor, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn,
Cook, Cullom, Dixon, JJodse, Donnelly, Driggs, Bck-
lcy, i^ggleston, Ela, Eliot, rarnsworth, Fcrriss, Ferry,
Fields, Kinney, Garfield.Uravely.CJriswold. Hamilton,
Harding, Ilayes, Iloopcr, Hopkins, Hunter, Inger-
soll, .7 add, Julian, Kelley, Kelswy, Kitchen, Koontz,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan, Lo-
fan, Loughridge, Lynch, Marvin, McClurg, Mereur,
looro, Moorhead, Myers, Neweomb, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, I'erham, Peters, Pike, Pile, Poland, Polslcy,
Raum, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Sclye, Shanks,
Shellabarger, Spalding, Starkweather, Aaron i'.
Stevens, Tbaddeus Stevens, Taffc, Taylor, Thomas,
Trowbridge, Twiohcll, Van Aornnm,Burt VanHorn.
Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Cadwaladar C. Wash-
burn, Henry D. Washbnrn, William B. Washburn,
Wclker, Thomas Williams, William Williams, James
I\ Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen E. Wilson, and
Windom—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Barnes, Bingham,
Boycr, Brooks, Burr, Chanlcr, Eldridge, Ck't7, Gloss-
brenncr, Ilolman, Hotchkiss, Marshall, Morgan,
Morrissey, jUungen, Niblack, IS'ocll, Randall, ltoss,
Sitgreavch, Stewart, Stone, Taber, Upson, Van
Trump, and Wood—28.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Delos R. Ashley,
Baldwin, Blame, Blair, Broomall, Cake, Cornell,
Covode, Dawes, Fox. Jtaight, Ilalsey, Hill, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hum-
phrey, Jcnekes, Kerr, Kctcham, Laflin, Lincoln, Mal-
lory, McCarthy, McOullough, Miller, Morrell, Nich-
olson, Phelps. Plants, Pomeroy, Price, Pruyn. Rob-
ertson, Robinsonr Smith, Van Auken, Van n yck,
and Woodbridge—-40.
So the resolution was adopted.
During the roll-call,
Mr. PHELPS stated that upon this and pre-
ceding votes he was paired with Mr. Laflix.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. BUTLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the preamble and resolution^ were
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
1usconstruction.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, from the
special Committee on Reconstruction, reported
a hill supplementary to an actentitle'd "An act
to provide for the more efficient government
of the rebel States," passed on the 2d day of
March, 18G7, and the act supplementary thereto
passed on the 23d day of March, 1867 ; which
was read a first and second tirae.^
The bill was read in detail, and is as follows:
Be it enacted ha the Senate and Hoiise of Bepresenta-
tioea of the United States of America m Congress
assembled. That it is hereby declared fo have been
the true intent and meaning of the act ot the
day of March, 1867, entitled "An act to provide tor
the more efficient government of the rebel States,
and of the act supplementary thereto,passed on the
23d day of March, in the year 186/, that the govern-
ments then existing in the rebel States o 1 \ lrginia,
NorthCarolina, South Carolina, Georgia,Mississippi,
Alabama, Louisiana, Florida, lexas, and Arkansas
were illegal and void; and that thereafter said gov-
ernments, if continued, were to bo continued subject
in all respects to the military commanders of the
respective districts and to the authority of Congress
Sfc 2 And. be it further enacted, J. hat thesaid acts
to which this is ft supplement shall be construed to
authorize the officer assigned to the command of any
military district under said acts, whenever he bhall
deem it necessary to the due performance ot his
duties tinder said acts, to remove or suspend from
office any municipal or State officer or person exer-
cising authority under or by virtue of any so-called
State government existing in his* district, and ths
said officer so assigned to command as aforesaid is
hereby empowered to appoint another person in the
stead of the officer or person so removed if he shall
deem proper so to do, and whenever he may deem it
necessary, as ^foresaid to prohibit, suspend, or set
asido any act or proceeding of any such State or mu-
nicipal government, or any act or tiling dono under
or by virtue of its authority; and all acts heretofore
done by any such officer in accordance herewith shall
be deemed valid.
Sec. 3, And be it further enacted, That the boards
of registration of the several military districts estab-
lished by the acts to which this is supplementary*
shall admit to registration only such persons as they
deem entitled to be registered by the acts aforesaid.
They shall not regard the taking of the oath pre-
scribed in the act of March 23,1867, conclusive evi-
dence of the right of the person taking it to bo re-
gistered, but prima facie only, and may receive such
evidence under oath relating thereto as they may
deem proper, either from the person applying to be
registered or others, and either of the members of
said boards is hereby authorized to administer oaths
or affirmations and examine witnesses touching the
right of any person to be registered. Said boards of
registration may strike from the list of voters the
name of any one already registered who in their
judgment improperly took the oath prescribed in the
acts to which this is supplementary, or wjis not enti-
tled by said acts to be registered. Record evidence
shall not be required by said boards to prove partici-
pation in the rebellion, but parole evidence shall be
sufficient to establish the fact of such participation ♦
and said boards of registration shall not be bound or
governed in their action by any opinion of any offi-
cer of the United States Government.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That no civil
court of the United States or of any State shall have
jurisdiction of any action or proceeding, civil or
criminal, against any such district commander, or
any officer or person acting by his authority for or
on account of the discharge of the duties imposed
upon him by this act or tho acts to whioh it is sup-
plementary.
Skc. 5. And be it further enacted, That no district
commander shall bo relieved from the command
assigned to him under tho aforesaid acts unless the
Senate shall have fivst advised and consented thereto,
or unless by sentence of court-martial ho shall be
cashiered or dismissed from the Army; or unless ho
shall consent to be so relieved. .
Sfc. C. And 6« it further cnactca, That tho time
for the completion of the registration of persons
properly qualified to vote may be extended by orders
of the said soveral district commanders to any day
prior to the 1st day of October, A. I). 1807.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I wish before the
gentleman from Pennsylvania makes his re-
marks that he would allow me to offer some
amendments to the bill for the purpose of
having them printed.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I have
no objection to giving way for the purpose of
allowing the gentleman to have his amend-
ments printed, but not offered at the present,
time.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. ^ I desire also to
offer an amendment to be printed at the same
time.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania.^ I yield
to the gentleman from Iowa to offer his amend-
ment. to be printed at the same time.
No objection being made, the amendments .
were ordered to be printed.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I desire to have
my amendments reported to the House.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield to have the proposed
amendments reported?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Well, sir,
1 did not intend to yield for any such purpose,
but if it will be any accommodation to the gen-
tleman from Ohio I will yield.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I ask, then, to
have my amendments reported.
The proposed amendments of Mr. Ashley,
of Ohio, were reported as follows:
Amend section twoby striking out all after the word
"district" in lino eight down to and including the
words "so to do" in lineeleven,as follows: "andthe
^aid officer so assigned to command as aforesaid is
liereby empowered to appoint another person in the
stead of the officer or person so removed it he shall
deem proper so to do;" and inseitin. heu thcreoi tho
following: "and ho shall, by a public order invito
the electors duly enrolled under this act and the acts
to which this is an amendment to elect any officer so
removed wheic the office is elective by theJocal law
in any State, district, county, parish, or cib ; and until
tho election and qualification of any person to an
office made vacant by removal of the general .com-
manding, said general may detail any person m his
command to discharge temporarily the duties oi said
office." ,.
Add the following as an additional section:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the com-
manding general of each district shall cause all per-
sons now discharging the duties of any office under
the temporary provisional State governments in the
