518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
several districts named in the acts to which this is
ail amendment to take and subscribe the oath pre-
scribed by the act of July 2,1862, entitled "An act to
prescribe an oath of. office," which oath when sub-
scribed shall be filed in the office of the general com-
manding, and if any person discharging the duties
of any office under any of said provisional State gov-
ernments, either by virtue of an election or appoint-
ment shall neglect or refuse to take and subscribe
said oath within fifteen days after being notified by
published order of the general commanding, it shall
be the duty of said commanding general to declare
such office vacant, and fill the same by the appoint-
ment of a loyal citizen, who shall first take and sub-
scribe said oath.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I now ask that my
amendment be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Insert as an additional section the following:
And be it further enacted, That any person or per-
sons who shall prevent, or attempt to prevent, the
execution of this act, or either of tho acts to which
this act is supplementary, shall be guilty of a misde-
meanor, and on conviction thereof shall be fined in
in a sum not exceeding $5,000 or imprisoned one year,
or both, at the discretion of the court.
Mr. B LIRE. I desire to have read an amend-
ment which I wish to offer.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I will
yield to have it read on the same terms.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add at the end of section two the following:
And such military comraandor shall immediately
after any such removal or suspension from offico
report the same, with the reasons therefor, to the
President of the United States.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire, with the eon-
sent of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that
the following amendment may also be printed: •
Add at. the end of section three tho following:
Provided, That tho right of any person to be regis-
tered as a legal voter shall in no respcct be changed
or affected by virtue of any pardon granted to such
person by the President of the United States for par-
ticipation in tho rebellion.
Mr. RAUM. With the permission of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, I desire that
the following amendment may also be printed:
Strike out in section threo after tho word "regis-
tered" in lino fourteen, tho following:
Said boards of legistratiou may strike from the list
of voters the name of any one already registered
wlio, in their judgment, improperly took the oath
prescribed in the acts to which this is supplementary,
or was not entitled by said acts to be registered.
Also, add at the end of the section the following:
Fifteen days before any election held under the
provisions of the act of which this act is a supple-
ment. said boaid of registration shall meet for the
purpose of correcting tho list of voters. Each board
ot registration shall have power to add to tho ljgt of
voters the name of any legal voter who shall take
the required oath and prove to the satisfaction of the
proper board of registration that such person offer-
ing to register his name is ttualified to voto under
this act and tho acts of which this is a supplement.
And said boards of registration shall have power
to strikofrom tho list of voters the name of anyone
already registered, upon satisfactory proof that such
person improperly took the oath prescribed in tho
acts to which this act is a supplement, or was not
entitled by said acts to be registered. And said
boards of registration shall complete the correction
ot the lists of voters at loast iivo days before the day
ot election.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I do not
know whether any person really desires to dis-
cuss this bill. It has been printed, and is, I
suppose, pretty generally understood. I do
not think there is any real desire to eritici's.e or
discuss it to any great extent. 1 am willing
to allow the amendment of the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Wilson] and that of the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Bejtjamin] to be consid-
ered as binding; and I trust it will not be con-
sidered harsh for me now to demand the pre-
vious question upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. WOOD. I appeal to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania not to deprive the minor-
ity in this House of all opportunity to discuss
this bill. I trust he will give us some chance
to enter our protest and to present to the House
and to the country our reasons for voting
against the measure, as we most assuredly
shall do.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish the gentleman
from Pennsylvania would allow me to make a
suggestion. This is the third bill which has
been introduced to this House upon the sub-
ject of reconstruction within the last few
months. The necessity for the passage of this
mil, if such necessity exists, arises unques-
tionably from the fact that no proper discus-
sion was allowed upon the last bill which was
passed on this subject. It is now avowed, not
only in this Capitol, but throughout the entire
country, that that bill was not understood. The
differences of opinion which have arisen upon
the construction of that bill have, in my judg-
ment, resulted from the fact that no proper dis-
cussion "upon it was allowed. Measures abol-
ishing the Constitution, doing away with all
civil powej- within ten States of this Union, are
rushed through under the previous question;
and session after session of Congress is called
in order to correct the error? resulting from
this course of procedure. I trust that such is
not to be the course with this bill.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. When
wilRhe gentleman b6 done with his suggestion?
[Laughter.]
Mr. BOYER. Will the gentleman allow
me to move an amendment?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I will
hear it.
Mr. BOYER. I propose to amend the title
of the bill.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order, as
the title is not now before the House.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I pro-
pose, if the previous question be sustained, to
give three quarters of my hour for discussion
to the opposition. Then when they have
spoken perhaps I will say a word and ask for
the vote on the subject. That is about as far
as 1 can go. I will hear from the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. WOOD. Permit me here and now in
the most friendly spirit to suggest to the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania that
had there been more time permitted in the
discussion of the preceding measures in this
House, to correct their careless phraseology
and to put them in proper language, so that
they should not be susceptible of the construc-
tion which has been put upon them, we would
not in all probability have been compelled to
sit here during the dog-days to do what we
ought to have done before, and what some
insist we did before.
_ Now, I do not know what gentlemen on our
side desire to discuss this measure, but I wish
only for a few minutes myself. I suggest
whether it is fair, whether it is libera], whether
it is magnanimous in the gentleman to limit
the House to anytime in dis.cussing a measure
of this magnitude and importance. I do not
know whether throe quarters of an hour will
be enough, but I suggest to him to allow us a
fair indulgence, so that we may present to our
constituency—for it will have no influence on
the vote in the House—and to the country the
grounds on which we shall vote against it.
Mr. BROOKS. I desire to submit a minor-
ity report if gentlemen will allow me time to
prepare it.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I did not
understand the gentleman to ask to make any
minority report.
Mr. BROOKS. It is the first^opportunity
I have had to ask for the poor privilege of
making a minority report.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. There
was nothing said about it in the committee.
Mr. BROOKS. I did not count even a unit
in the committee. I desire at least to have
the humble privilege, which all the precedents
hitherto recognize, to make a minority report.
I hope the gentleman from Pennsylvania will
not violate that poor privilege.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Does
the gentleman propose to make it now?
Mr. BROOKS. I would not prefer to make
it now, but I could make it.
Mr.SCOFIELD. I may not object to the
minority report when it comes in, but I do
object to _ granting the gentleman power to
make a minority report at a future time.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. There is
great diversity of opinion on subjects of this
kind, and I feel reluctant always to crowd a
minority. I shall give notice, therefore, that
to-morrow, at half past one o'clock. I shall ask
for a vote on this bill, in the mean time gentle- i
men may discuss it. I think most of the time
will be given to th6 opposition.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not understand
that the gentleman postpones the bill, but only
gives notice that he will ask for a vote to-mor-
row at half past one o'clock p. m.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Yes, sir.
I move to recommit-the bill and the pending
amendment, so as to keep the matter before
the House as it is at the present time,,
Mr. WOOD. I ask to offer an amendment.
The SPEAKER. An amendment is not in
order pending a motion to recommit.
Mr. ELDRIDG-E. Will the bill come up in
the morning hour ?
The SPEAKER. It will come up in prefer-
ence to any other business.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. If there is to be
any minority report it should be made this
session.
The SPEAKER. Consent to make a minority
report has not been granted.
Mr. CHANLER addressed the House. [His
remarks will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. MUNGEN. Mr. Speaker, the bill now
before the House is supplemental, as its title
indicates, to "An act to provide for the more
efficient government of the rebel States,"
passed on the 2d day of March, 1867, and the
act supplementary thereto, passed on the 23d
day of March, 1867. This bill seems, by its
terms and language, to be devised only to
more'firmly rivet the chains of bondage on the
white men of the South ; to degrade them and
to elevate the negroes of the South to a posi-
tion of equality and fraternity ; and, as far as
possible, to prevent the people of the South,
who, like the laboring classes of the North and
West, are borne down by the burden of oppress-
ive taxation, from having a vote or a voice in
the Government, while the bondholders and
the wealthy nabobs, who perhaps made their
money as shoddy contractors, are, through
what is called "New England ideas," ruling
the South, the West, and the North with a rod
of ir6n. This bill does not seem to me to be
gotten up with any reference to the Constitu-
tion. The civil authorities are to be over-
thrown. Some military gentleman, when he
sees proper, can displace a judge of the su-
preme court, or any other judicial tribunal,
and its functions must cease altogether or
another be appointed in plaee of the one who
incurs the displeasure of some petty military
officer. Others have discussed the provisions
of the bill, and I shall confine myself more
especially to the general elfect which such legis-
lation is calculated to produce, particularly in
a Government framed like ours.
Ever since the close of the war, and for some
time before it, the course of policy adopted by
my friends on the other side of the House has
clearly indicated that party success is their
paramount object, and that political and so-
cial equality of all races, and especially the
African race, is the hobby upon which to ride
successfully to the goal of their ambition. A
dismembered Union has nothing in its condi-
tion, presents no picture to their eyes, which
in the least serves to check them in their mad
career. Cabal and caucus settle questions of
the gravest moment and deopest import to the
Government. By a secret decree made, not
as in former times, in the happy days of the
Republic, any measure is brought forward and
under the lash of the previous question and
the spur of passion and fanaticism is passed
and becomes a law—no discussion, no amend-
ment being allowed. A few words of discus-
sion have been allowed on this bill. A State
of this Union returns a Democratic delegation
to this House, and forthwith willing witnesses,
perhaps by perjury, send in ex parte state-
ments, and charges of disloyalty are freely
applied to honorable gentlemen. They are
not allowed to be sworn in and take their seats
on this floor; and thus another star is stricken
from our flag, or at least eclipsed.
The negro having been a slave from the
remotest period of authentic history, it seems
that the Radicals are now making him bear the
