520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
bo longer go back to the' Spanish blood; that
stock has ceksed; of necessity, then, he is
forced upon the Indian breed. Thus the Span
ish blood disappears, and with:itthe half-breed
and the population retrogrades toward the in-
digenous inhabitants, and is again becoming
Indian. The barbarous and cruel Juarez is
an Indian, full blooded. As it is with Mexico
so it is with Peru. Mr. Canning made Bis
celebrated boast in the English Parliament
that he had created the republics of Mexico
and Peru, Columbia and Bolivia. He might
boast, but there was not much to boast about
if he did make them. He might make repub-
lics, but he could not make races of men, and
no mixed race ever did govern themselves,
especially of the dark skinned races.
History shows us that during the period of
Rome's conquests we find no amalgamation
of races. In the palmy days of Greece it was
the same. Ireland, although seven hundred
years under the English yoke of bondage and
oppression, is still Celtic, not Saxon nor Nor-
man^ Wales has remained Celtic since the
invasion- of Julius Caesar, or from the first
account that history gives us of the island ;
the Caledonian Celt still lingers in his native
highlands. No amalgamation has taken place
between the Celt and Saxon. It was not the
fault of the Saxon, however. You may trans-
plant the Cimbrian Celt of Wales, the Irish
Celt, the Caledonia Celt to another climate, to
a brighter sky_, to a more fertile land, to a
larger field of life and operations, and hp is still
the Celt; still his love for his clan or his kin-
dred ; still sings the " Exile of Erin," or " Cush-
la-Machree," the "Blue Bells of Scotland,"
or '"PleasantPaths." The inhabitants of Lower
Canada are as thoroughly Celtic to-day as they
were when the French first settled that country.
Climate has but little to do with race further
than to show where the races respectively
originated, and it has much to do with that. It
has no influence, I mean, in permanently alter-
ing the varieties or races of men ; it sometimes
destroys them, but it cannot change them into
any other race. The Esquimaux, although
living among eternal snows, are nearly as black
as negroes ; and the_ Tasmanians, natives of
Oceaniea and Australia, although enjoying a cli-
mate milder than that of England, are blacker,
if possible, than a negro ; and again, the Dutch
families who settled in Southern Africa three
hundred years ago are as fair now and as pure
in Saxon blood as the Hollander at home. On
the tombs of "Egypt, the most valuable of all
existing records, there stands the negro, the
Jew, the Copt, the Phcenieian, the Sarmatian,
just as we find the same races in life to-day.
ihousands of years have not in the least
changed them. The type once formed never
changes. Men are totally different creations;
they are men, but not brothers; they are not
equals, not endowed alike by the Creator, and
it is only folly for man to try to join together
what God has separated so widely and so dis-
tinctly. _ Nature, under the command that each
shall bring forth fruit after its kind, has resisted
the efforts of the Chinese for thousands.of years
to deform the foot of a Chinese woman. The
foot of the infant, male or female, when born
is natural and not deformed until deformity is
forced upon that of the infant by its celestial
parents ; some of whom, under the civil rights
bill, are now or soon will be voters and free
American citizens, although recently the sub-
jects of his celestial highness, "Wisdom's
Glory," the Emperor of China.
Hippocrates, a truly scientific Greek, informs
us that he found a race of people, which he
denominated Maerocephali, inhabiting at that
time the shores of the Euxine sea. He de-
scribes them as a race with narrow, elongated
heads and depressed foreheads, like our North
American Indian citizens, like Mr. Blackhawk
fi? Osceola, and esDecially resembling
the Garib and Chenook. * He fancied that,
perhaps, the peculiarity in the shape of their
leads was caused by external pressure at first,
Dut that in time the pressure became unneces-
sary, and what he considered a malformation
(and especially was it so when compared with
the beautiful Greek heads of that time) had
become hereditary. Such is not the case. If
thousands of years cannot change the foot of
a Chinese woman in the least, we must infer
that the head of a man would not change either.
"Since the days of Galen corsets have been
worn. He complained of them, and ascribed
to them all sorts of deformities of the chest
and spine; yet all the tight-lacing of all the
women has not made these deformities heredit-
ary." _ Dr. Knox shrewdly remarks that in
his opinion "all matrons still produce virgin
daughters." The Jews have practiced circum-
cision as long as we have any account of them;
so have many, if not most of the African tribes
and eastern nations; yet the deformity, for
such it is, has not become hereditary, these
things all go to show and prove that the type
once made, once created, is unalterable. There
is not a single recorded instance where any
of these deformities became transmissible by
hereditary descent.
Dr. Knox says:
Varieties in form proceed only to a certain length;
they are constantly.checked by two laws, these laws
maintaining species as they exist—first, the tendency
to reproduce the specific form instead of the variety;
second, non-viability, non-reproduction: that is, ex-
tinction."
_ This it is which checks deformations of all
kinds; and some medical writers seem to
think that varieties in form are found to be
more common in those who die young than in
those reaching adult years, as if the very
circumstance of these internal deformities or
varieties, however unimportant they may
seem, coincided at least, if they were not the
efficient cause of early decfjy of the vital pow-
ers and of premature death.
Dr. Knox says so, and I think he is certainly
correct in his remark's upon this point; and so
far as that variety or monstrosity called mu-
latto is concerned, their term oflife is much
shorter than that of either of their parents.
Who ever saw a very old mulatto? There
may be such a thing, but it is an exception to
the general rule. This fact alone proves the
white and black races to be totally different
and distinct creations.
It has been remarked that man cannot live
and enjoy good health for any great length of
time outside of the zoological realm in which
he was created. I will now add that this mat-
ter is not controlled by parallels of latitude or
longitude, nor by isothermal lines. Buffon
spoke of centers of creation, and seemed, al-
though not very pointedly, to fix continents
or large bodies of land as these centers. But
the "centers of creation,'' as ethnologists seem
to understand the term, is the locality or zoo-
logical realm in which men were created, and
to which the different races are respectively
indigenous.
Ethnologists hold on this subject as follows :
1. That the earth is naturally divided into
zoological realms, and that each realm pos-
sesses not only a climate but an animal and
vegetable kingdom peculiarly its own.
• the animals of each realm originated
in that realm, and that there is no consanguin-
ity with the animals of realms, so to speak,
other than that one where they were originally
created. J
3. That each realm has a group of human
races, which, though not identical with each
other m either physical structure or intellectual
organism, are nevertheless closely allied, one
with the other, m many general appearances ;
but they are totally and radically unlike and dif-
ferent from the types belonging to any other
zoological realm. Such as, for illustration, the
white races of Europe and the Mongols of Asia.
4. The types of man which belong to these
realms ante-date by more than one hundred
thousand years all human records, and proba-
ably all Iconographic and all Monumental rep-
resentations ; but they originated where thev
now live. J
5. Thesetypes of men which belong to differ-
ent and distant realms are separated by specific
differences both in structure and intellect, and
these differences are as plainly marked as are
the characteristics which distinguish the horse
and the ox.
6. When any of these types of men depart
from the realm in which they are found they fail
first to be healthy, and next the children born
out of their natural realms incline to monstros-
ities and deformities, and their term of life is
abbreviated^ and when they depart from their
realms widely they perish utterly.
The natural law which cohfmes man to the
zoological realm where he can live in health is
an unalterable and inexorable one.
History is full of examples and proofs sus-
taining these propositions. It tells us that the
Roman empire at one time extended from the
Tigris and Euphrates on the east to the Forth
and Clyde on the west. All that riart of the
continent of Africa north of the "opics was
said to be Roman. Italy Roman! Where now
are the Romans? Where are the descendants
of Romulus and Remus and their compeers?
What races .have they destroyed? They con-
trolled the world for about fifteen hundr.ed years
and, as has_ been well said by another, "they
are now of no more note than the ancient
Scythians or Mongols or Copts or Tartars.
They established themselves nowhere as Ro-
mans; they destroyed no other race; they
supplanted no other race; and in looking over
the map of their empire you cannot find a
physical vestige of the race, neither on the
Thames, the Danube, the Rhine or the Guad-
alquiver, the Rhone or the Nile. Italy itself
is almost clear of them. Southern Italy'was
Grecia Magna before they invaded it. Sicily
is even now more Greek than Italian; Byzan-
tium and York were Roman cities." But
abundant proofs exist of a similar character in
regard to other dominant and conquering races.
The Phoenicians controlled northern Africa
for centuries, yet they never destroyed or Sup-
planted the native races.
The French nation, which is purely Celtic,
have recently furnished proof, and are daily
adding to the testimony, that although they
are now masters of a portion of the southern
shoreofthe Mediterranean, as much as ever the
Romans or the Phoenicians were, still they
cannot make it a French country.
In a report made on the subject by the head
of one of the French bureaus, about five years
ago, its author says :
Had the French Government known at the begin-
ning that Europeans would die in Algeria at therate
ot nine per cent. annually, as they really do, they
would never have undertaken to cultivate the soil
ot Airica with European labor; that the knowledge
upon that subject, by this experiment, has cost the
J! rench fcrovernment more than one hundred million
pounds sterling and the lives of more than one hun-
dred thousand men.
And then adds, by way of comment:
"European statesmen must learn that European
colonies cannot be planted and made prosperous out-
side of European latitudes—that men cannot li*e
long outside of latitudes in which they were created."
Dr. Knox says:
' Th e Greeks who, under Alexander, marched victo-
riously to the Indus supplanted no other race. Eome
andUarthage failed; Attila and his Huns also failed-
and so did the Mongol. The remnant ot' the lluns in
Hungary now struggle for existence; they are inter-
lopers, seemingly; among the Slavonian race, and
will probably perish. But neither have the Slavon-
ians succeeded in supplanting the Italian, though
masters, under the name of Austrian and German,
for nearly ten centuries. For at least two thousand
years have the Scandmavian and South Germans
made war on the Celtic racc in the west of Europe,
made head agamstthe Slavonian and Sarmatian
(or Muscovite) races in the east, without advancing
a single step. These races hold the same position to
au^heutic^istx) the remotest period of
wk°J° force of the so-called German empire,
T? uy ■^.uskr^> could not dislodge the Slavonian
iromlsohemia: the Norman, though hemctin scuith
*xt k'^dred race, could not destroy the Saxon
race of North England. To this day the country
seems to be divided between them, notwithstanding
the centralizing influence of Flemish London. The
Celts still hold the western limits of Britain and Ire-
ianajust as they did before the period of authentic
history."
The Mongolian is found traveling to-day on
the steppes of Asia with his hut or tent on
his cart, drawn by oxen, precisely as in the
days of Herodotus. The race has never altered
in any way.
