1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
523
chiefly upon this reconstruction business. I sub-
mit to my friend from Massachusetts whether
we had not better get that out of the way as
far as we can, and the other business can be
done in the intermediate time.
Mr. SXJMNER. I suggest to my friend that
we had better follow the precedent that was
quoted the other day, though not accurately
quoted, of 1841, which I have before me. By
that precedent it was established that the
morning hour should be reserved. Senators
perhaps are not aware, because the facts were
not sufficiently brought out the other day—in-
deed they were not alluded to; I was not
aware of them then—that the Democratic
party at the time refused to accept Mr. Clay's
proposition. They announced that at whatever
hazard they would defeat it on this floor; they
would not submit to any such restriction upon
public business: and Mr. Clay was obliged to
descend from the heights which he first occu-
pied, though he by no means assumed such
heights as have been assumed in this Chamber
during the present session. He abandoned
his proposition. I have before me the record
and also the debate, which, when properly in
order, I wish to present to the Senate. I do
not wish to present it in this incidental way ;
but I wish to call up the proposition to rescind
the resolution of last Friday, and on that to
call the attention of the Senate to the only
precedent which has been invoked for that
extraordinary proceeding, and which I wish to
show is entirely inapplicable and was not under-
stood by the Senate. Therefore, if the Senator
will simply follow what was the conclusion
reached on that occasion, to allow the morning
hour for general business, and allow me to call
. up my resolution to rescind the proposition of
last Friday, I shall be thankful to him. I
assure him I have no disposition to occupy one
minute of time. I will abridge what I have to
say just as much as possible, and shall say
nothing except to speak of the result.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts is certainly aware that that will have
no bearing upon the bill which I desire to call
up, because under the rule as it is adopted,
this bill is strictly in order. Therefore we can
proceed with this bill without any difficulty,
and if it should be the opinion of the Senate
afterward that it is better to rescind the reso-
lution we can do so when it would have some
practical effect. It would have no practical
bearing upon the question which I desire to
bring before the Senate ; and therefore 1 sub-
mit to the Senator from Massachusetts that
"sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof,"
and that we had best go on with this bill which
is clearly in order, and which he will not object
to considering, because he is in favor of con-
sidering everything, and of course he ignores
the subject which 1 desire to call now to the
attention of the Senate, and it will only be a
waste of so much time, if the Senate should
agree with the Senator from Massachusetts,
so far as this measure is concerned. So that
in any event there is no practical importance
in the Senator's suggestion at this time, and
as this bill is in order and all agree that we
should act upon it, I trust the Senator from
Massachusetts will waive any objection he may
have and proceed at once to the consideration
of this measure.
Mr. SUMNER. I simply appeal to my
friend. I am not going to oppose his bill in
any form ; but I appeal to him as on a question
of'the order of business, and I ask him if he
will not allow me fifteen minutes or twenty
minutes, whatever the time may be that it shall
require.'to call up my resolution and have a
vole upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator is aware
that that will lead to discussion. Others will
reply to him. He might limit his remarks to
ten or fifteen minutes, but others would perhaps
take an hour or two hours in reply.
Mr. SUMNER. Then let it be disposed of.
It is a question on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not practically
important now.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon.
It is practically important with a view to the pub-
lic business, as some of us conceive, to have
that question disposed of.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator
how he supposes we can dispose of it, when
yesterday he gave notice that he should intro-
duce, if necessary, a similar resolution every
day ?
Mr. SUMNER. I trust the Senate when
they understand the subject will brush it away.
Mr. FESSENDEN. When they have done
that, the Senator has given us notice that he
will introduce another of similar import.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh no; if they brush it
away, then I am silent. I assume the Senate
would do right.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose they do wrong?
Mr. SUMNER. Then I should govern my-
self accordingly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Precisely; and of course
we gain nothing by allowing that resolution to
be called up. We shall have it up every day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on postponing all other business and
proceeding to the consideration of the bill
named by the Senator from Illinois.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 131) to give effect to
an act entitled " An act to provide for the more
efficient government of the rebel States,'' passed
March 2, 1867.
The bill was read at length.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In the tenth line of the
sixth section there is a misprint of the letter
"r," making the word read "officer," and it
should be "office."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made, no objection being made.
Mr. TRUMBCJLL. Before proceeding fur-
ther with the consideration of this bill, I deem
it proper to present to the Senate some of the
considerations which, in my judgment, and in
the judgment of the committee, have rendered
this legislation necessary, and also to explain
the provisions of the "bill which has been
reported.
The necessity for this legislation grows en-
tirely out of what is conceived to be a miscon-
struction of the reconstruction acts passed at
the former session of Congress. Properly inter-
preted and carried out in the spirit in which
they were conceived, it is believed that this
additional legislation would have been unne-
cessary. The occasion which gave rise to those
reconstruction acts was this: it was believed
on the part of the Congress of the United
States that no legal governments existed in the
rebellious States, and that those States were
still properly subject to military control.
' This was the theory upon which Congress
acted. The want of legitimate civilgovern-
ments was the evil which it was designed to
remedy; and these bills known asthe recon-
struetion acts were intended to furnish the
machinery for inaugurating proper civil gov-
ernments in those States, and restoring them
to their legitimate positions in the Union.
If Congress was wrong in this position, then
this whole legislation is wrong, has no founda-
tion in the Constitution, and cannot be sus-
tained for a moment.
What was the condition of these rebel States
when these bills were passed? Six years be-
fore the legitimate State governments in every
one of them had been overthrown by forpe of
arms, and the enemies of the country had taken
full and complete possession of them and set
up hostile governments in every one of them.
They were as completely hostile to the United
States as was the Government of Great Britain
during the war of 1812. They raised armies
and sought to maintain their hostile attitude.
Every vestige ot State authority friendly to
the United States was utterly overthrown.
After a protracted war of four years, attended
with great expense and great loss of life, the
Government of the United States succeeded by
force of arms in crushing out these inimical
governments, in overthrowing the enemy. What
then was the condition of the people in the
spring of 1865 in all these rebel States? Con-
fessedly, without any civil governments what-
ever. The governments which existed before
the war had been for years extinct. The gov-
ernments of the enemies of the country we
ourselves by force of arms had destroyed.
As a necessity resulting from this conflict of
arms and growing out of the belligerent char-
acter of this contest our military had control
over the people of these States. Why? Be-
cause there was no other government there.
The enemy government of course could not be
tolerated, because at the expense of millions
and hundreds of millions of money and thou-
sands and hundreds of thousands of lives we
had destroyed it. The enemies of the country
had destroyed the legitimate governments
which existed before the war. Then to pre-
vent anarchy and to preserve the peace our
military commanders had authority to control
temporarily the people whom they had con-
quered; for this was a conquest; it was the
overthrowing of the governments of the enemy;
and the authority of our armies temporarily to
govern the country they had conquered was
just as complete in Carolina as it was in Cal-
ifornia when we conquered it from the Mex-
icans. I think all will admit that for some
period of time—some may make it shorter
than others, but for some period of time,
whether it bo a day or a week, a month or a
year—the military had authority to preserve
the peace and to govern the country until
civil governments could be reinaugurated.
IIow long this military government should
be continued is a question left to the discretion
of the sovereign power of the United States,
exercising its authority in the spirit of onr
institutions, and in subordination to the Con-
stitution of the country. I agree that this
military power should not be continued a day
longer than is necessary to the restoration of
civil governments which areloyal to the Union
and true to the Constitution, but how long that
is to-be is to be decided by the circumstances
of which the sovereign Government, the war-
making power, the Congress of the United
States, is the judge—not the Executive, not the
judicial tribunals. Ttis a question over which
the judicial tribunals can have no jurisdiction.
They cannot try political questions, and they
will be bound by the decision which the other
departments of the Government make.
This military authority, in the absencc of legis-
lation by Congress, was continued for a time
by the direction of the President of the United
States, and rightly so. The President of the
United States, then, while this military power
was in existence, undertook to inaugurate civil
governments in those States; and had the civil
Governments which he inaugurated been man-
aged by men true to the country and loyal to
the Union, they would have been recognized,
and this whole question would have been set-
tled long ago ; but, unfortunately, the ene-
mies of the country, the men who set up the
hostile governments which we had spent so
much blood and treasure to overthrow, took
possession of the new governments. The Con-
gress of the United States, when it assembled,
finding this to be the condition of things, and
that the President had withdrawn the military
power and left these governments in the hands
of the very men who had controlled them dur-
ing the war, decided that they were not legal
governments, but provisional merely; not ab-
solutely null and void, I grant you, but exist-
ing by sufferance only; and Congress then pro-
ceeded to declare that there being no legal
governments in these States, the military
power which the President had prematurely
and improperly withdrawn, in the absence of
any law of Congress forbidding it, should be
restored, and that the military power should
be exercised over these States until civil gov-
ernments could be set up therein, not inimi-
cal, but friendly to the Government of the
United States.
Can there be any question of the power of
Congress to enact such a law ? I think not.
