524
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
The military power over these rebel States did
not cease the moment the conflict of arms
ceased. It continued until the Government
recognized some civil authority which had been
established in those States ; and the same prin-
ciple, in this respect, applies to those States
that would have applied to them had they been
conquered from a foreign country. They had
been completely under the control of the ene-
mies of the country; and the Supreme Court,
in one of the rooms of this Capitol, has decided
that any man living within the limits of those
States, Whatever may have been his individual
opinions, was liable to be treated as an enemy
of the country, because he was living within
the jurisdiction over which the enemies of the
country held sway.
Now, sir, these are not new principles, I
think every one of the principles which I have
attempted to state was sanctioned by the Su-
preme Court of the United States years ago,
in a unanimous opinion delivered by Mr. Jus-
tice Wayne, now, I regret to say, no more,
who, within a few days, has departed from
among us forever, and who, though a southern
man, surrounded by southern prejudices and
appealed to by southern influences to unite
with his §tate when it went into secession,
stood steadfast by the Union, and at the end
of a long and useful public life died as he had
lived, a true patriot. In this opinion, delivered
by him in the case of Cross vs. Harrison, in
1853, in commenting upon the condition of
California, he lays down principles ^hich I
think applicable to the condition of the rebel
States. During the war with Mexico our
military authorities took possession of what is
now the State of California. Colonel Mason
was appointed Governor. He was an officer
in the Army. He was appointed civil Gov-
ernor ; that is, he performed the duties of civil
Governor, being detailed for that purpose; and
Lieutenant Halleck, now Major General Hal-
leck, was appointed secretary of state, and
they established a government which lasted
during the war with Mexico. After the treaty
of peace, and California was ceded to the Uni-
ted States, that government still continued,
Congress not having yet legislated for the peo-
ple of California, and the officers detailed by
military authority for the collection of duties
and for the performance of other official acts
in that country continued in the discharge of
their duties until Congress did legislate. The
question came before the Supreme Court of
the United States whether this government
thus set up was a legitimate government; first,
during the war, we having conquered the coun-
try from the enemy. Next, if valid while the
war lasted, was it still valid after the war
closed, and by the treaty of peace that country
had been embraced within the limits of the
United States? Both those questions were
presented to the Supreme Court in the case to
which I refer. The court say:
"The belligerent right of tlie United States to make
a civil government in California when it was done
and to (lutkorao it to collect tonnage and impost
duties wlnie the war continued, is admitted."
Nobody controverted that, it seems; but the
question arose whether that government could
continue after the treaty of peace j and this is
what is said on that subject :
" The territory had been coded as a conquest, and
was to be preserved and governed as such until the
sovereignty to which it had passed had legislated for
it. I hat sovereignty was the United States, under
the Constitution, by which power had been given to
Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and
regulations respecting the territory or other property
belonging to the United States, with the power also
to admit new States into this Union, with only such
iimitationsas are expressed in the section in which
I1iljwerl5glven- The government of which Col-
onel Mason was the executive had its origin in the
lawful exercise of a belligerent right over a con-
quered territory. It had been instituted during the
war by the command of the President of the United
states; it was the government when the territory
was ceded as a conquest, and it did not ceaso as a
matter oi course or as a necessary conseouenee of
SterfSt0/^l0n °?Jl jace* ^10 President might have
I b:?7 withdrawing the Army and Navy offi-
cers who administered it, but he did not do so. Con-
an on£ t0 % butthat was not
is tLt ^ lufe«®0«:from the inaction of both
is, that it was meant to be continued until it had
been legislatively changed. No presumption of a
contrary intention can be made. Whatevermay have
been the causes of delay, it must be presumed that
the delay was consistent with the true policy of the
Government. And the more so as it was continued
until the people of the Territory met in convention
to form a State government, which was subsequently
recognized by Congress under its power to admit new
States into the Union."
Further on, the court say:
"Our conclusion, from what has been said, is that
the civil .government of California, organized as it
was from a right of conquest, did not eease or become
defunct in consequence of the signature of the treaty
or from its ratification. We think it was continued
over a ceded conquest, without any violation of the
Constitution or laws of the United States, and that •
until Congress legislated for it the duties upon for-
eign goods imported into San Francisco were legally
demanded and lawfully received by Mr. Harrison,
the collector of the port, who received his appoint-
ment, according to instructions from Washington,
from Governor Mason."
I know that a distinction may be attempted
to be drawn between the condition of that
country and that of the rebel States, because
we conquered the rebel States from domestic
enemies and California from foreign enemies ;
but does .that alter the principle ? Why was
it necessary to establish a military government
or a civil government through the military
(for that is exactly what we have got in the
South, military officers administering a civil
government) in California? To prevent anar-
chy and preserve the peace of that country,
and because without the authority of the mili-
tary, we having destroyed the previously exist-
ing government, there would be no govern-
ment. Was not that the precise condition of
these rebel States? Does not everybody admit
that ? Did not the President say, when ho
undertook to institute civil governments there,
that the close of the war left that people with-
out any civil government whatever; and do
we not all know such to be the fact? Then
did not the same necessity exist for continuing
this government of the military power until
a civil government should be established and
recognized by the legislative authority of the
country?
I come now to consider for a few minutes
the construction which the Attorney General
has put upon these acts. He seems to sup-
pose that the intention was not to subject the
rebel States to military control. He says of
the government which existed in each of these
States, and which the President had aided in
inaugurating, that—
" It had all the characteristics and powers of a
btate government, legislative, judicial, and execu
tive."
Is that true? Mr. Stanbery, in this very
opinion, admits that the military commander
was empowered for the purpose of preserving
the peace, to—
"Allow local civil tribunals to take jurisdiction
ot and try offenders, or when in his judgment it may
be necessary for the trial of offenders he shall have
power to organize military commissions or tribunals
lor that purpose.
If it be true that the State government in
any of these rebel States had all the character-
istics and powers of a State government, legis-
lative, judicial, and executive, was it compe-
tent for the Congress of the United States to
pass a law declaring that a militaty tribunal
might be erected in one of these States to take
charge of the trial of criminals or of persons
charged with the commission of criminal
offenses ? Could the Congress of the United
States pass an act of that kind applicable to
the State of New York or the State of Illinois ?
Doe's anybody pretend that? Surely not.
The Attorney General says further that this
StBte government—
" Was in the full and lawful exercise of all tliese
powers, except only that it was not entitled to rep-
resentation as a State of the Union."
I have shown that that is not true even
according to his own construction. Then he
says:
This existing government is not set aside; it is
^°Snizecl ?Jor® than once by the act. It is not in
1 departments, or as to any one of its
;JJ t hi°,DS' or modified by this act, save only
"lualmcations of voters, the qualifications of
to,0®ee. the manner of holding elec-
tions, and the mode of framing the constitution of i
the State.. The act does not in any other respect
change the provisional government, nor does the act
authorize the military authority to change it." *
* f * "That constitution was to be changed in
only one particular to make it acceptable to Con-
gress, and that was in the matter of the electivefran-
chise. The purpose, the sole object of this act is to
effect that change, and to cffect it by the agency of
the people of the State, or such of them as are made
voters, by means of elections provided for in the act
and in the mean time to preserve order and to' punish
offenders, if found necessary, by military commis-
sion."
In another place the Attorney General says:
In effect it is a polioe power, and the protection
here intended is protection of persons and property
against violence, unlawful force, and criminal infrac-
tion."
in, he says:
"If civil order is preserved, and criminals are duly
prosecuted by the regular criminal courts, the mili-
tary power, though present, must remain passive.
Its proper function is to preserve the peace, to act
promptly when the peace is broken, and restore
order. When that is done, and the civil authority
may again safely resume its functions, the military
power becomes again passive, but on guard and
watchful."
Now, sir, was any fact more notorious, not
only here, but throughoutthe country, than that
the Congress of the United States intended to
put these rebel States under military control ?
The Attorney General ignores entirely that
intention. What was the purpose of the legis-'
lation of Congress? Was it simply to estab-
lish a police force in the rebel States and to
change the Constitution as to the right of per-
sons to vote ? Why, sir, these Halls have re-
sounded for the last two years with complaints
that these governments set up in the rebel
States wcrc_ disloyal. That was the trouble.
They were in the hands of the enemies of the
country, and it was to get rid of them entirely
that Congress acted. And so the Attorney
General, or if not the Attorney General, the
President of the United States, (and we are to
presume he acted by the advice of the Attor-
ney General,) was of opinion when this recon-
struction act was vetoed. Let us turn to the
veto message and see what a different thing
the reconstruction act then was from what it
now is as represented by the Attorney General.
The President said:
"The bill places all the people of the ten States
therein named under the absolute dominion of mili-
tary rulers."
Mr. Stanbery says it is a mere police power,
and cannot interfere with the civil authority at
all except when that authority fails in the
prosecution of criminals. The President fur-
ther adds:
"The military rule which it establishes is plainly
to be used, not for any purpose of order or for the
prevention of crime, but solely as a means of coer-
cing the people into the adoption of principles and
measures to which it is known that they are op-
posed."
He further says:
"The ten States named in the bill are divided into
five districts. For each district an officer of the Army
not below the rank of brigadier general, is to be
appointed to rule over the people; and he is to be
supported with an efficient military force to enable
him to perform his duties «,nd enforce his authority
Those duties and that authority, as defined by the
third section of the bill, are ' to protect all persons
in their rights of person and property, to suppress
insurrection, disorder, and violence, and to punish
or cause to bo punished, all disturbers of the public
peaco or criminals.' The power thus given to the
commanding officer over all-the people of each dis-
trict is that of an absolute monarch. His mere will
is to take the place of all law. The law of the States
is now the only rule applicable to the subjects placed
under his control, and thatis completely displaced by ■
the clause which declares all interference of State
authority to be null and void. He alone is permitted
determine what are rights of person or property,
and he may protect them in such way as inhis discre-
tion may seem proper." * * * * *
The officer 'may allow local civil tribunals to try
offenders, but of course this does not require that he
shall do so."
I have read enough to show that this bill was
vetoed by the President of the United States
for the very reason that it placed the people of
the rebel States under military control; but
now his Attorney General decides, and the
President adopts the decision, that the people
of those States are not placed under military
control at all! Was ever contradiction more
palpable ? Let me now call attention to the
act itself, for from its terms we can best ascer-
