1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
525
tain what the intention of Congress was. Its
preamble declares:
<&" Whereas no legal State governments or adequate
protection for life or property now exists in the rebel
States."
Sir, is it true, as the Attorney General saya
that here were perfect and complete govern-
ments, with all the powers of any State gov-
ernment, except only that they had not repre-
sentation in the Congress of the United States,
when the aet itself declares that no legal State
governments existed? But he says the act
itself does afterward recognize governments
as existing there? True; but what sort of
governments? Provisional governments, sub-
ordinate to the military. They were not legal,
because they were not organized according to
law, not absolutely null and void; govern-
ments de facto, if you please, provisional, ex-
isting by sufferance, subject at all times to the
paramount authority of the military estab-
lished by this act.
The first section of the act then proceeds to
declare—
"That said rebel States shall be divided into mili-
tary districts, and made subject to the military
authority of the United States."
Is the government of the State of Ohio sub-
ject to the military authority of the United
States, or are any of the States which have
regularly organized State governments ?
The second section declares—
"That it shall be the duty of the President"—
To do what ?—■
" to assign to the command of each of said districts
an officer of the Army not below the rank of briga-
dier general, and to detail a sufficient military force
to enable such officer to perform his duties and
enforce his authority within the district which he is
assigned." 1
What was his authority ? His authority was
to exercise command over the district. What
were his duties ?
" It shall be the duty of each officer assigned as
aforesaid to protect all persons in their rightsof per-
son and property, to suppress insurrection, disorder,
and violence, and to punish, or cause to be punished,
all disturbers of the public peace and criminals."
Now, sir, there is embraced the whole object
of government. Of what else does govern-
ment consist, or for what other purpose are
governments instituted except to protect all
persons in their rights of person and property,
to preserve the peace, and to punish crimi-
nals ? This whole power is conferred upon
the military commanders. But, says the At-
torney General, that is qualified, and how ?
" And to this end he may allow local civil tribunals
to take jurisdiction of and to try offenders, or, when
in his judgment it may be necessary for the trial of
offenders, he shall have power to organize military
commissions or tribunals for that purpose."
He insists that this clause allowing, by the
permission of the commander, the local tri-
bunals to try offenders for crimes, limits the
whole power conferred by the previous clauses
of the section on the commander. Why, sir,
suppose the section had read, as it does, con-
ferring all the powers of government on the
commander, and then had said that to this
end, to enable him to discharge his duty in
reference to criminals, he may may make use
of the jails and penitentiaries in any of the
southern States; would that have limited him
simply to making use of the jails and peniten-
tiaries and taken from him all the other granted
powers? To allow civil tribunals to take cog-
nizance of criminal offenses is but part of the
power conferred upon commanders; and this
is the more apparent from the concluding sen-
tence of the section, which says:
"?ind all interference under color of State author-
ity with the exorcise of .military authority under this
aet shall be null and void."
For what was the military authority to be exer-
cised ? To protect all persons in their rights
of person and property ; and these States were
declared by the act subject to military author-
ity. It seems to me that the construction put
by the Attorney General upon this act is as
clearly at war with the terms of the act, as we
all know it to be with the intention of its fram-
ers. If he had assumed that the act was uncon-
stitutional, as the President did, then he might
have said it was of no effect; but knowing it
had passed over the objections of the Presi-
dent, to undertake to construe it away stultifies
the President for having vetoed it and himself
as the President's legal adviser, does violence
to thetermsof theactitself, and to the manifest
intent of Congress. He forgets, in construing
this act, the object which Congress had in
view in passing it. He forgets that in the
opinion of Congress the civil governments which
had been inaugurated were not legal govern-
ments. He forgets that in the opinion of Con-
gress these governmeftts were disloyal, and
not fit to be recognized as State governments.
He forgets the sentence that declares they
shall be subject to the military authority, and
seeks by a strained construction to avoid the
effect of a very plain statute passed for the
very purpose of dispensing with these irregular
civil governments which had been inaugurated
without legal authority.
The first section of the bill which the com-
mittee have reported is intended to carry out
what we believe to have been the true mean-
ing of the act as originally passed, and it
does nothing more than to declare that fact:
That the true intent and moaning of the "act to
provide for the more efficient government of the
rebel States," passed March 2, A. D. 1867, was, is, and
shall be construed to bo that the military authority
of the United States in said rebel States, as provided
in said act, was and is paramount to any oivil gov-
ernment existing therein, makes all such civil gov-
ernments subordinate to such military authority, and
prohibits them from interfering in any way with the
exercise of such military authority.
This is a section declaratory of what the law
is, an unnecessary section in my judgment,
because I think that was the meaning of the
law before ; but we have endeavored to put it
in language so plain that the Attorney General
cannot misunderstand it. However, lest by
construction it should be again misunderstood,
the second section is "added, which in direct
terms declares—
That the commander of any district named in said
act shall have power, subject to the approval of the
General of the Army of the United States, whenever
in the opinion of such comma,ndertho proper admin-
istration of said act shall require it, to suspend or
remove from office, or from the performance of offi-
cial duties and the exercise of official powers, any
officer or person holding or exercising, or professing
to hold or exeroise, any civil or military office or
duty in such district under any power, election,
appointment, or authority derived from, or granted
by, or claimed under, any so-called State or the gov-
ernment thereof, or any municipal or other division
thereof; and upon such suspension or removal such
commander, subject to the approval of the General
aforesaid, shall have power to provide from time to
time for the performance of the said duties of such
officer or person so suspended or removed, by the
detail of some competent officer or soldior of the Army
to perform the same.
In the opinion of the Committee on the
Judiciary it was thought more advisable to
confine the power of the military officer when
he removed any civil officer in his district to
the supplying of his place by the detail of one
of his own officers or soldiers. While these
States are under military control, so far as the
appointment of officers to discharge duties is
concerned, there would seem to be a propriety
in the appointment being limited to persons
already in the service, and who are subject to
the Rules and Articles of War. Hence, instead
of providing that the commanding officer of
the district, when he thinks proper to remove
any of the persons exercising civil authority
in his district, shall appoint another civilian
outside of the Army in his place, the bill,
after giving the power to remove, confines the
district commander to the detail of some offi-
cer or soldier under his command to discharge
the duties of the person removed. As this is
a very high exercise of power on the part of
these district commanders it can only be exer-
cised by the approval of the General of the
Army ; and section three vests this same power
of removal and detail in the General of the
Army alone, if he thinks proper to exercise it,
but it does not give him power to remove the
district commanders. Whether the President
of the United States, after having detailed
them for the performance of these specific
duties, might remove them or not is another
question; but that power is not conferred on
the General of the Army.
The fourth section merely confirms what the
district commanders have already done in the
removal and appointment of civil officers.
Section five relates to the registration of
voters. That section is made necessary also in
consequence of the construction which was put
upon the supplementary aet by the Attorney
General. He held in a very elaborate opinion,
which I have before me, that the oath required
by the act was conclusive; that any person who
took the prescribed oath must be entered upon
the registry and was entitled to, vote. This is
what the Attorney General says on that sub-
ject:
"1. The oath prescribed in the supplemental act
defines all the qualifications required, and every per-
son who can take that oath is entitled to havo his
name entered upon the list of voters."
Now, Mr. President, let us see if that is so.
What are the qualifications.required? The
commanding general in each district is required
to make a registration—
"Of the male citizens of the United States twenty-
one years of ago and upward, resident in each county
or parish in the State or States included in his dis-
trict, which registration shall include only those per-
sons who are qualified to vote for delegates by the
act aforesaid."
Who are qualified to vote by the act afore-
said? Those mentioned in the fifth section of
the previous act, as follows :
"The male citizens of said State twenty-one years
old and upward, of whatever race, color, or previous
condition, who have been resident in said State for
one year previous to the day of such election, except
such as may be disfranchised for participation in the
rebellion or for felony at common law."
Then the supplemental act goes on :
"And who shall have taken and subscribed the
following oath."
Which is as follows:
"I,-
 , do solemnly swear, (or affirm,) in
the presence of Almighty God, that I am a citizen of
the State of , that I have resided in said State
for   months next preceding this day, and now
reside in the county of , or the parish of ,
in said State, (as the ease may be;) that I am twenty-
one years old; that I have not been disfranchised for
participation in anyrebcllion or civil war against the
United States, nor for felony committed against the
laws of any State or of the United States; that! have
never been a member of any State Legislatuie, nor
held any executive or judicial office in any State, and
afterward engaged in insurrection or rebellion against
the United States, or given aid or comfort to the ene-
mies thereof; that I have never taken an oath as a
member of Congress of the United States, or as an
officer of the United States, or as a member of any
State Legislature, or as an executive oi judicial offi-
cer of any State, to support the Constitution of the
United States, and afterward engaged in insurrection
or rebellion against the United States, or given aid
or comfort to the enemies thereof; that I will faith-
fully support the Constitution and obey the laws of
the United States, and will, to the best of my ability,
encourage others so to do. So help me God."
• Now, the Attorney General holds that any
person who takes that oath is entitled to vote.
This is his language :
"But when we look to the qualifications required
of the applicant by the original aet, and find that ho
is required by this oath to swear to every one of
these qualifications, and that no authority is any-
where given to enter upon any.other inquiry as to
his qualifications, or to administer any other oath
to him, or any oath to any other person touching
his qualifications, and that his oath, and his oath
alone, is punished with perjury, it is impossible to
resist the conclusion that the oath itself is the sole
and only test of the qualification of the applicant.
When, therefore, a person applies to the board for
registration, the power of the board is confined to
the administration of the prescribed oath, and if the
applicant takes that, his name must go upon the
registry."
There never was a greater perversion of a
statute than this. I will not take up time but
to point out a single one. I know not whether
the Attorney General is the advocate of female
suffrage. Perhaps he may be. At any rate,
here is a greater stride in that direction than
has ever been made by you, Mr. President, or
any of the members of this body who have
advocated female suffrage. The Attorney Gen-
eral has decided that all persons who can take
this oath are entitled to have their names put
on the registry and to vote, and the registration
officers cannot ask any questions. The law
confines the right of registration and voting
to "male citizens," but the oath does not re-
quire the person taking it to swear to the sex.
