526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
Females could take it as well as males. Did
the Attorney General mean that by so doing
females- have a right to be registered and to
vote? i
A female is a person, and the language of
the Attorney General is that "any person"
who can take this oath is entitled to vote. Now,
is it not manifest that the Attorney General is
mistaken when he says that all the qualifications
required are in the oath? Under his decision
the distinction between males and females is
lost sight of, while the statute makes that dis-
tinction both in the original and supplementary
acts. Nothing .could be clearer than that the
acts of Congress do not authorize the con-
struction which the Attorney General has placed
upon them. To avoid future misapprehension,
however, the committee have reported a section
declaring in express terms that the oath required
by the act shall not be conclusive, and con-
ferring on the boards of registration authority
to examine witnesses and decide whether a
person is entitled to be registered or not.
This relieves that portion of the statute from
the difficulty which erew out of this miscon-
struction of the Attorney General.
The sixth section which we have reported,
also corrects another misapprehension of the
Attorney General in regard to the clauses of
the oath which disqualify persons who have
held executive or judicial offices in a State and
afterward engaged in rebellion. The Attorney
General says:
" Two elements must concur in order to disqualify
a person under these clauses: First, the office and
official oatli to support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States; sccond, engaging afterward in rebellion.
Both must exist to work disqualification, and must
happen in the order of time mentioned.
"A person who has held an office and taken theoath
to support the Federal Constitution and has not
afterward engaged in rebellion, is not disqualified.
So, too. a person who has engaged in rebellion, but
has not theretofore held anoffiee and taken that oath,
is not disqualified."
Now, sir, that is not a true construction of
the act. The act declares that the person
applying to be registered shall swear among
other things :
" That I have never been a member of any State
Legislature, nor hold any executive or judicial office
in any State, and afterward engaged in insurrection
or rebellion against the United States, or given aid
or comfort to the enemies thereof."
You will observe that nothing is said in this
clause about the officer having taken the oath
to support the Constitution of the United
Slates. In another part of the pi-escribed
oath it is declared that ho shall swear that ho
has " never taken an oath," &c.
The clause which requires that the party
shall swear that he has not held any executive
or judicial office in a State and afterward gone
into rebellion, and leaves out the require-
ment that he must also have taken an oath to
support the Constitution of the United States,
was inserted for this reason as I recollect: it
was suggested by some one that in some of
the rebel States for a number of years ante-
rior to the rebellion it had been a custom not
to administer the oath of allegiance to the
Constitution of the United States to executive
and judicial officers. ^ T think it was said that
that was the case iu Virginia, whether truly or
not I do not know; but that suggestion having
been made, this clause was inserted in the
required oath to meet precisely that class of
persons; so that all legislative, executive, and
judicial officers of any State who subsequently
went into rebellion are disfranchised by the
act, whether they took the oath or not. That
is not so^ I grant you, in regard to some other
officers. When you come to another clause of
the oath, it is provided that the applicant shall
swear : that he lnts " never taken an oath as a
member of Congress," &c.
It will be observed that there is a repetition
of one clause of the oath, and it occurred, I
suppose, in the way I have suggested. In the
first instance the applicant was required to
swear that he had not held an executive or
judicial office and taken an oath to support
the Constitution of the United States ; but on a
suggestion that there were persons who had
held executive and judicial offices in some of
the rebel States who had not taken "the oath,
the other clause was inserted so as to reach
their case.
Mr. HENDERSON. It was stated in re-
gard to Virginia, but it turned out to be untrue
afterward.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It may be so; but still
that was a part of the oath, and the construc-
tion of the Attorney General that an executive
or judicial officer of a State must have taken
an oath to support the Constitution in order
to disfranchise him is 'therefore erroneous as
the law stands. The sixth section corrects
this misconstruction. - It declares—
"That the true intent and meaning of the oath
prescribed in said supplementary act is (among other
things) that no person who has been amember of the
Legislature of any State, or who has held any execu-
tive or judicial office in any State, whether he has
taken an oath to support the Constitution of the
United States or not, and who has afterward engaged
in insurrection or rebellion against the United States,
or given aid or comfort to the enemies thereof, is
entitled to be registered or to vote."
There has been great practical difficulty in
determining what officers were included under
the designation "executive or judicial office"
in a State. The Attorney General has given a
construction to these words, which, substan-
tially, I think is correct; but it is impossible
to designate by name the various officers em-
braced by the words used, because the same
officer by name is not vested with the same
powers in the different States. To illustrate:
in some of the States a mayor of a city is man-
ifestly an executive or judicial officer of the
State, because he performs executive and judi-
cial functions under the general laws of the
State. That is so in reference to the mayors
in some of the cities in Illinois. In other Stages,
1 understand, there may be mayors of towns
who have no judicial functions, and who per-
haps do not come within the definition " exec-
utive or judicial officer of a State." The At-
torney General construes these words to extend
to county officers, but he excludes officers of
municipal corporations. In that I think he
may in some instances be in error. He also
excludes commissioners to lay out roads and
of public works, examiners of banks, visitors
of State institutions, and the like, all of whom
may or may not be executive officers of a State,
depending upon the powers with which they are
vested. In order to give the best definition we
could to that term we have used this language:
"And thowords 'executive or judicial office in any
State' in said oath mentioned shall be construed to
include all civil offices created by law for the admin-
istration of the general laws of a State"—
leaving it to the boards of registration to de-
termine upon the facts before them whether a
person claiming to'be registered comes within
the definition.
The seventh section extends the time for
completing the registration, and £jlso gives
power to revise the registration lists twenty
days before any election. The reasons for
this are_ these: in some of the districts no
registration has .yet commenced, and we were
informed by one of the district commanders
that it would be impossible to finish the regis-
tration in his district by the 1st of September.
We have therefore inserted this clause extend-
ing the "time of registration in the discretion
of the district commander until the 1st of
October. We have also inserted a provision
for revising the registration lists, and for this
reason: a person to be registered must swear
that he is twenty-one years of age. The regis-
tration maytakeplacesome considerable period
before even the first election under the act, and
it will be borne in mind that the constitution
when framed by the convention is to be sub-
mitted for approval or disapproval to the regis-
tered voters, which may not be for even a year
or more after the registration is finished. In
the mean time many persons will have arrived
at the age of twenty-one years.
Mr. HOWARD. They would have the right
to vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; the oath as drawn
by my friend from Michigan himself requires
the person taking it to swear "that I am
twenty-one years old." He is obliged to take
that oath. That being so, it seemed to tl«e
committee unjust to deprive of the privilege
of voting upon the fundamental law those who
become of age between the time of registra-
tion and the time of submitting the constitu-
tion for ratification. There is also another
class of persons to be affected by the final
closing of the registration by October. These
States are filling up with emigrants. Many
persons are moving into them from the north-
ern States. I hope more will go, and that
they will be developed and improved rapidly.
Now, sir, while this process of reconstruction
is going on, -frhich may take six months or a
year or two years, is it right that all these per-
sons who shall go into these States, and who
may not have been residents when the first
registration takes place, and who may have
resided fcere more than twelve months at the
time when the constitution is submitted for rati-
fication should be deprived of a voice in passing
upon that constitution? The committee thought
not, and hence inserted this provision author-
izing the registry board to revise their list for
three days commencing twenty days preceding
any election to be held under these acts.
The eighth section is perhaps unnecesiary,
but for greater certainty was inserted. It is
manifest that these boards of registration are
subject to changes by time. Some of the first
persons appointed may die; others may resign,
move away, or ought to be removed. Hence,
although perhaps the power exists now under
the original act, it was deemed advisable to
confer on the commanding general express
authority to remove any one or more members
of the board of registration, and also to fill
vacancies as they occur.
This is the whole bill as the committee have
recommended it to the Senate. I regret that
there is a necessity for any such additional
legislation. I had hoped that the reconstruc-
tion measures would prove a success, and was
more than gratified at the spirit in which they
seemed to be received in the South. I regret
as much as any one to see this military control
continued in the country. I want to get back
to civil rule, when all the States shall' take
part in the government of the United States.
I had hoped from the evidences we had that
during the session of Congress commencing in
December next we should have returns from
all these rebel States that they had organized
governments in accordance with these recon-
struction laws, and had sent us loyal men to
represent them in these Halls. Such, I believe,
would have been the case but for the unfor-
tunate, and, as I think, incorrect opinion of the
Attorney General, giving to these acts a con-
struction never contemplated by their authors.
Now, sir, when we shall have removed out
of the way the obstructions created by that
opinion, I hope that the work of reconstruc-
tion may go on ; and I can say for one that I
earnestly desire these rebel States toberestored
to their former relations in the Union. I long
to see them in loyal hands and represented
here by loyal men. The good of the country
requires it; its material interests require it;
and as soon as they can organize governments
in accordance with these laws, this military con-
trol so much complained of will be dispensed
with, as I trust, forever. I would hasten the day.
But, sir, till loyal civil governments are estab-
lished the military control is a necessity.
I know complaints are made that there is
no warrant for this in the Constitution. I"&m
as much an admirer of the Constitution as any
one. I believe in liberty regulated by law. I
believe the Constitution confers upon this Gov-
ernment all the powers necessary to be exer-
cised for its preservation, and that it confers
no power more clearly than that to make war,
put down insurrection and rebellion, and gov-
ern rebels who have destroyed all civil author-
ity in a State, through the military power, until
sufficient time shall be given to reestablish a
civil government loyal to the Union; and I
believe it is for the Congress of the United
