1867.
THE" CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-527
States to determine when such a government
is reestablished. I hope, sir, the time when
it may properly so determine for each of the
rebel States may not be long.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, it is a mat-
ter of some surprise and no little regret to me
that the Committee on the Judiciary have
reported the second section of this bill. I had
' hoped that when we came together we would
do what we ought to have done a long while
ago—vacate the offices in these rebel States.
I think the great mistake of the President was
in allowing the offices in these States to pass
into the hands of disloyal men. The effects
have been most disastrous to the country.
These men have exercised civil powers in
those States, and their moral influence, as
well as their official influence, has been
against the policy of the Government of the
United States and against the friends of the
Government and the friends of liberty in thojjfi
rebel States. These men a e not only exercis-
ing civil powers and* wielding the vast patron-
age and using the influence growing from the
exercise of those powers, but their moral and
social influences are very great. The result
is that men who are opposed to the policy of
the country are in possession of the govern-
ments, and the men who are advocating the
unity of the country, liberty and justice, and
the policy of the nation, are under the ban,
political and social.
Sir, when the original military bill was under
consideration, I moved an amendment to va-
cate these offices in ninety days, and 1 have
had reason since to see that we made a great
mistake in not doing it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like to ask the
Senator in that connection a question, with his
permission.
Sir. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. BUCKALEW. It is whether the Sen-
ator in his amendment did not also expressly
confer authority upon these military command-
ers to enforce the removal of those civil offi-
cers in the southern country?
Mr. WILSON. I did so. I was in favor of
their removal then, and I have not seen a loyal
man and friend of the country in the rebel
States who was not in favor of that policy.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Such being the^case. I
desire to ask the Senator upon what Aground
he places that construction of the law which
we have heard, that the acts in question have
already conferred upon those officers that very
power of removal?
Mr. WILSON. I am not discussing that
legal question, but I will say that the rejec-
tion of my proposition requiring that all these
offices should be vacated at the end of ninety
days, and that the military commanders
should enforce the provision, does not deny
the power to remove. I have never seen one
of the friends of the reconstruction policy of
the Government in those rebel States who was
not in favor of vacating those offices, and who
did not feel that we failed to do our whole duty
in not vacating these offices. They complain
that the laws are often administered against
them unjustly and unfairly, often not adminis-
tered at all; that life and liberty are often
unsafe in the administration of the courts and
of the officers of the State governments, and
that the whole power of those State officials is
against loyal men, the friends of the country.
I°believe that the friends of this reconstruc-
tion policy in these ten States would be from
fifty to a hundred thousand stronger to-day
if we had vacatcd these offices and thus de-
stroyed the official and political influence of
the men who filled them.
The Senator from Illinois tells us that these
States passed into the hands of disloyal men ;
that if they had passed into the hands of loyal
men in all probability the difficulties would
have been settled and these States would have
been represented in both Houses of Congiess.
I have no doubt, of that. But the fact is,
these States passed into the hands of the men
who supported the confederacy, and who weie
hostile to the Government of the United States;
ninety-nine out of a hundred of all these offi-
cials were disloyal men. Many of them are
behaving well now. I give them all credit for
it. I would be willing to reappoint many of
those men and continue them in office; but
the masses of these officers are disloyal, espe-
cially in some States, the State of Texas for
instance, a State that was not injured a great deal
by the war, where they have had an immense
immigration, where the bushwhackers of other
States have thronged during the last two or
three years. In that State the influence of
these officers is most disastrous to the policy
of reconstruction.
We have the power, there can be no doubt
&bout that, according to the principles of this
bill, we have the power to vacate these offices.
The bill of the House of Representatives pro-
poses to allow the military commanders to
vacate any of the offices and it authorizes them
to fill the offices. We in this 'bill sanction
what has been done in removing and appoint-
ing officers; and if we have the power to do
that, we have the right to authorize these com-
manders to remove them all and to fill the
vacancies. Now, I say to the gentlemen of the
committee they have made this mistake 5 they
have discriminated in this proposition against
the loyal men of the South. They will not trust
the district commanders there, four of whom
have behaved in a manner that has received
the applause of the House of Representatives.
I say to the Senarte that we have not Army
officers in these States to detail to fill any
vacancies. I state it as a fact that in many
partsof the South the War Department has been
pressed to get th? numberof officers necessary
to do the military duty and the number detailed
for the bureau. We have no officers to detail
for-this purpose; and, sir, if we had, would it
be proper to detail officers of the Army for these
purposes? Suppose General Sheridan shall
feel it to be his duty—and I think it is a duty he
does owe to the country if he has the power—
to remove the Governo-i*of Texas, why should a
military man be appointed to fill that vacancy?
Why should not a man like General Davis, or
Judge Bell, or ex-Governor Pease, or some
one of the very able men of that State be
appointed ? There is hardly a State, certainly
there is no disloyal State, where the friends of
the Government have so many eminent men as
in the State of Texas, many of whom are able,
are statesmen, men who would adorn positions
of the Government. Why should not one of
those men be selected? "Why should an Army
officer be selected to fill that place? Why
should not the true and tried men, who have
been faithful to their country amid the trials
of the last six years, who are 011 the spot,
who know the laws, who, know the people, be
selected to fill any vacancies that may be
made? . , ,
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator indulge
me with a question?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I understood the Senator
to say that there was no doubt of the power
under such ail amendment as he proposes to
have civil officers appointed in these_ States by
the military commanders. I should like to ask
him, first, whence he derives that power, what
its source is; and in the second place, what
would be the nature of the offices held by these
appointees; whether they would hold State
offices, after they were appointed, or r ederal
°ffMr!?WILSON. I understand that these
States have been in rebellion; that they are
States, but have no legal State governments;
that is, that the present State governments are
merely provisional; that we have the power to
fill the offices in any way we choose to nil them ;
that we put these States under military law,
military authority, subject to military com-
manders ; that we may by law vacate all these
offices, and not fill them, or wo may vacate
them and fill them in any way we choose. Vi e
may detail officers of the Army, or we may
appoint civilians. ^ e may authorize the mill-
tary commanders to vacate offices and appoint
to offices, or -we may provide any other way to
remove and appoint. If a person is appointed
Governor of South Carolina, for instance, he is
Governor of South Carolina, and should take
the oath of office, and should administer the
government of that State, and exercise its gen-
eral duties, subject, however, to the control of
the military commander of that department.
I do not believe there is any doubt whatever
that we have the power to declare these offices
vacated, and to authorize the military com-
manders to reappoint such of the officers as
they choose, or to appoint new men. If we
have the power, in my judgment, it is a duty
we owe the true men of that section of the
country that, they shall no longer be under offi-
cers who are disloyal to this Government, but
that these offices shall be filled by men who are
in sympathy with the country, men who will
use their political influence in favor of the
policy of reconstruction, men who will use
their social, political, and moral influence and
the patronage of those governments, whatever
it may be, so as to strengthen the friends of
the country and weaken the enemies of the
country.
I know that this is the sentiment of our
friends through the country. I have had an
opportunity to consult with many of them
and everywhere that I have met these men,
they have said to me, "This military bill has
worked admirably; it has generally brought
peace, order, protection." I was told in South
Carolina that for weeks after the passage of
the bill there had not been reported the mur-
derof a single freedman, whereas before mur-
ders were frequently reported. These military
bills have gone in their influences beyond the
expectation of any of us here. We buiided
better than we knew. We carried power there,
and that people know what power means; and
what was more potent even than the 20,000
men we sent there armed with power, we put
the ballot in the hands of 600,000 black men.
Everybody there began to tell the black men
that they were born with them, played with'
them in childhood, ate with them, fished with
them, hunted with them, did everything with
them ; that they were their special friends ;
that they in reality had by the rebellion pro-
cured their emancipation; that they were
entitled to the credit of emancipating them;
that they deserved their confidence; that the
Government of the United States did not
intend to emancipate them; and the Crit-
tenden resolution has been dinned into the
ears of every black man in the South. These
men here tried to make the colored people
believe that they were their special guardians
and friends; but they could not do it—they
remembered Abraham Lincoln. I say the
operations of these bills have been of incal-
culable good, but our friends say, and they
have a right to say, thatwe ought to have
vacated the offices, retaining such of the offi-
cers as were honestly striving to build up the
country and restore the Government, and put
the friends of the country into these places;
that it would strengthen us everywhere, and
it would make it eertaiu that all these States
would reconstruct, and not only reconstruct,
but be reconstructed by men who would take
the governments of those States and main-
tain the policy of our Government faithfully
and honestly.
It is not only important that these States
shall come back at the earliest period accord-
ing to the terms and conditions we have pro-
posed, but it is important that they shall con-
tinue to maintain the unity of the country and
the liberties and equal rights of all men in the
country: that these States shall permanently
pass into the hands of men who are infa\or of
the education of the whole people, of develop-
ing the moral, intellectual, and physical power
of the people of those States. I put it to Sen-
ators here, and I ask, how is it that these fif-
teen thousand rebels in office in these ton
States are entitled to our forbearance or to our
sympathy? We do not owe them anything.
J would turn most of them out of office to-day,
