'528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
if I had the power, and I would put the friends
of the country in their places.
Mr. SUMNER. That is the only true way.
Mr. WILSON. "Who deserve our sympathy
and confidence, these men wh(> were against
us, against the unity of the country, against
liberty and justice, or the true and tried men
who have stood up for vis and fought tlje bat-
tles of the country and have sustained the
policy of the freedom of the country? I have
been told that the Union men were not fit to
fill the offices of the Government or to take
control of those States. There is not 8 word
of truth in it, I do not care who utters it.
Mr. HOWARD. Who tells you so ?
Mr. WILSON. I believe we have had inti-
mations from the Departments that they had
to appoint rebels because they could not find
loyal men there fit for the offices.
Mr. SUMNER. That was the official reply
to our resolution.
Mr. WILSON. We may not have the old
politicians who have governed these States,
but we have friends there, tried, true, faithful,
sensible, practical men, men who knew enough
to be true to their country in times of war and
trial, and who know enough to administer the
governments of those States. There are a
great many repentant men there, men who
have been compromised by this rebellion, but
who see the folly of the past, and who are
ready to unite in the future with us. I am for
a liberal policy toward them. But, sir,. I do
think, while we have the opportunity now, we
should so frame this bill that these offices shall
be vacated, and we should authorize the mili-
tary commanders to reappoint such of these
men as in their judgment they believe worthy,
according to their discretion, or to appoint new
men to their offices, and that the men to be
appointed should be persons who live in the
States, who live in the neighborhood where
the duties are to be "performed. We should
not detail Army officers to be councilmen and
aldermen of cities. The military commander
has removed some men holding those positions
in Mobile. We have not had their places filled
yet. We have indorsed that action. Do we
mean that General Pope shall detail Army offi-
cers to go into the Common Council and the
Board of Aldermen of the city of Mobile?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why not?
Mr. WILSON. I think it is a very improper
place for them to go, and I do not see why
Mayor Horton, a loyal man, who has been
made mayor of that city, a brother of Rev.
Mr. Horton, who was murdered in the New
Orleans massacre, should not be sustained by
the men who are in sympathy with him in that
city. I have met some of these men, and I
know they are worthy. I say we have not the
military officers to be detailed for any of these
offices ; if you will go to the War Department
yon will find that they are pressed for the
neccssary number of officers in these States at
the present time. There is a pressing demand
for officers with their troops at this time.
Mr. GRIMES. There are plenty of them
in this city.
Mr. WILSON. There are some who have
been here some time doing nothing.
Mr. GRIMES. Why not send them away?
Mr. WILSON. 1 refer the Senator to the
President for an answer to that question.
Now, sir, I propose to strike out the second
section of the bill, and to insert in lieu of it
the following:
That all offices held under the pretended authority
of any of the rebel State governments of Virginia,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama,
Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, Texas, and Florida
be, and the same are hereby, declared to be vacated
at the expiration of thirty days from the passage of
this act; and the commanding generals of the sev-
eral military districts established by the acts to which
this is in addition shall be, and they are hereby,
authorized and empowered to continue in office, any
person who, before the expiration of the said thirty
days, maj have been discharging the duties of such
office, or the said commanding generals may respect-
ively, in their discretion, appoint other persons to
perform the duties of any of the said offices.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise, not to continue
general debate, but to assign my reason for
making the inquiry I did of the Senator from
Massachusetts. He says the only true way is
to vacate all the offices in the rebel States, and
then depute the military commanders to fill
them up; and his distinguished .colleague be-
hind him, in* his seat, ejaculates that this is the
only true way. I will not say it is not the only
true way; but I will state some reasons which
led me to think the .way proposed by the com-
mittee might be the more pVudent.
Nobody doubts, nobody did doubt, I sup-
pose, before the California case went to the
court, that a military commander had au-
thority to direct any person in the military
service subject to his order, to go to the right
or to the left and perform a duty assigned him.
Accordingly it followed, and was accepted by
the country and the court, that the Command-
er-in-Chief of the Army might detail a mili-
tary officer to go to a certain district, and there
perform those functions in description of which
he was called a military governor. Nobody
now doubts the authority of one of these dis-
trict commanders, without special act author-
izing him to do so, to direct any person in the
military service and under his control to per-
form a function which, all the circumstances
considered, falls within the purview of the du-
ties with which the commanders are charged.
But it is said, and the difference in the prop-
ositions is manifest, that a military commander
may not only detail a person subject to his order
to do a given thing, but that he may appoint a
person in no wise subject to his order, a person
holding no relationship direct or constructive
with him, to do a certain act. That introduces
a new element. But the proposition goes fur-
ther, and it is that this same military com-
mander having appointed the person supposed,
not in the military service at all, may invest
him with official authority and character; that
by the ipse dixit of a military commander a
person in no wise subject to his order may be
m a moment transformed into a public officer.
Those who doubt the soundness of this position
may perhaps derive their doubts in this way:
they may say this officer, thus to be created
by the magic of a word, when brought into
existence is to be either a State -officer or a
Federal officer. He is to be the incumbent of
a place held by a tenure proceeding from the
Federal Government——
Mi*. SUMNER. The national Government.
Mr. CONKLINGr. The national Govern-
ment. The Senator corrects' me. A tenure
derived from the national Government, or
else from the government of a State. Now, I
am not sure whiah of these alternatives would
bo the most productive of difficulty in the logic
of the ease. If he be a Federal—I beg the
Senator's pardon a national—officer when he
is appointed  
Mr. JOHNSON. The Constitution speaks
of the "Federal" Government.
Mr. CONKLING. Well, sir, I would rather
now quarrel with the Constitution than with'
the Senator from Massachusetts, because the
Constitution cannot strike back here, and the
Senator can. [Laughter.] If this be a na-
tional office as is said on one side, or a Federal
office as is insisted on the other, there may be
some twinges of legal conscience, some ob-
structions of judgment, some tender-footed
hesitations resulting from this provision of the
Constitution speaking of the powers of the
President:
"He shall have power, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to make treaties, provided
two thirds of the Senators present concur; and ho
shall nominate, and by and with the advice and con-
sent ot the Senate shall appoint embassadors, other
public ministers, and consuls, judges of the Supreme
Court, and all other officers of the United States whose
appointments are not herein otherwise provided for
and which shall.be established by law; but"—
And here are the officers otherwise provided
for—
" But the Congress may bylaw vest the appoint-
ment of such inferior officers as they think proper in
tho I resident alone, in the courts of law, or in the
heads of Departments."
Mr. JOHNSON. And there stops.
Mr. CONKLING. There it stops. That is
the mete and bound. There may be those who
would think that the commander of one of these
departments is not aptly described by either
of these words; and that, in view of this pro-
vision of the Constitution, it would be a labori-
ous process effectually to clotlie him with the
power delegated exclusively to other ministers
of the Government.
Suppose, on the contrary, these places be
deemed State places, offices held under State
authority; then I might almost say that the
whole genius of our Government denies the
supposition that they can be derived from the
order of a military commander. Suppose,
however, they could spring from the order of
an officer of the Army; and I turn now to the
argument of expediency and utility, presented
by the Senator from Massachusetts; suppose
they are State officers; suppose their appoint-
ment consummate, and their existence un-
questioned when they have been created by
a military powers then wljat? Have they any
relations which are sure to be useful or valua-
ble to the Government of the United States?
On the contrary, when you assume that hy-
pothesis, do you not encounter the doctrine laid
down in various cases by the court, that State
officers are mere amateurs, mere volunteers,
with regard to any functions imposed upon
them or required of them by national or by
Federal law. That was decided long ago, first
in the case of -a j ustice of the peace in reference
to the fugitive slave law of 1793.
Mr. JOHNSON. The case of Prigg vs.
Pennsylvania.
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir; the case of
Prigg vs. Pennsylvania, and has been recog-
nized repeatedly in other cases. Now, how
far it may be necessary to employ these State
officers, if such they would be, as adjuncts or
auxiliaries of the military, and so of the na-.
tional authority, no man can tell or foretell ;
and as the Senator before me [Mr. Grimes]
suggests, in continuation of the argument, to
whom are they to be responsible? Suppose
they neglect or violate the duties which pertain
to them as State officers, the obligatory duties,
suppose they do not obey the laws mandatory
upon them, saying nothing about those laws
which they have the option to execute or not
as they please: to whom, for this non-feasance
or malfeasance, are they to be held answera-
ble?
I am not expressing any opinion of my own
about this, one way or the other. It is not
necessary to do so. I merely suggest to the
Senator from Massachusetts and to his distin-
guished colleague, whom I understood to in-
dorse his amendment, that his view is not with-
out difficulty. It may be "a consummation
devoutly to be wished," but there are impedi-
ments in its way ; and ho rushes to a conclu-
sion, who simply reasons that because such a
mode of supplying officers would be desirable,
therefore it should be adopted, and who asserts
without argument that the power is free from
all doubt. I take it in statesmanship, as per-
haps in all the business of life, it is a maxim
as universally true as any truth can be universal,
that it is a mistake always unnecessarily to
assume a position requiring from the outset
explanation or defense. Can any Senator say
that such a proposition as the Senator from
Massachusetts offers would not require expla-
nation and defense wherever it was called in
question? It must have been the judgment of
the Judiciary Committee—I think I may say
it was the judgment of the Judiciary Committee
—that such a position was questionable.
Mr. EDMUNDS. More than that.
Mr. CONKLING. One member of the com-
mittee says " more than that." I do not mean
to speak for anybody specially. I have no right
to do so; but certainly the committee must
have thought it at least questionable to do this;
and so, keeping within the old power, which,
as I said in the commencement, we all knew
had "been accepted, we thought it better that
details should .be made under that power
which enables a military man to say to this
man "go," and he goeth, and to another, exe-
