1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
529
cute this order, and he executes it. Perhaps
the committee trusted to their knowledge, I
should have trusted, if I had been reminded of
it, to my knowledge, of the presence, not only
in this city, but out of this city, of many men
in the military service, scattered and collected,
from among whom, if not from among those
already on the spot, there could be selected to
do acts of civil government as many as any
exigency is likely to call for during the time to
elapse between the passage of this bill and the
consummation of that restoration which it
seeks.
1 do not know what may be the number,
no man knows what may be the number, of
officers whom the execution of this bill may
require to be displaced; but certainly the great
majority of them must be officers whose func-
tions are in their nature so simple that they
can be discharged by men as intelligent as those
who compose the American Army. For those
which require a higher standard of intelligence,
there are officers. I think it cannot be that
there are not enough for all these purposes.
But if there be an inconvenience, it is an inci-
dent to be borne with. I submit it is no reason
for imperiling the construction or existence of
a great plan of organization which has been
once obstructed, which has been once partially
paralyzed by an opinion, whose author perhaps
may reconcile it with professional integrity ^ind
professional consistency. It should be a weighty
argument, indeed, to induce us without positive
necessity to encumber this scheme of restora-
tion with anything in the least equivocal, with
anything upon which even a hostile Attorney
General can hang a doubt.
I said something, Mr. President, suggestive
of a doubt whether the opinions the Attorney
General has lately given may be reconciled
with professional and official sincerity and
morality, and I should pefhaps more fully indi-
cate my meaning. Bumor said that the At-
torney General wrote that extraordinary veto
message which came in here, leveled at the bill
of March 2, and afterward the one aimed at
the act of March 23. I have no means of
knowing whether he did or not; indeed it
matters little whether he did or not. Because
at that time he sat in cabinet as the law officer
of the administration ; he sat with an official
oath resting upon-him, his special duty being
to advise his chief upon the law by which he
was to be governed. Thus sitting, thus specially
charged with responsibility, lie voted for these
vetoes and approved the messages by which they
were explained. I have taken the pains to read
them again since this session began. They
proceed largely upon the idea that the acts they
denounce contain the very ingredients, that
they are odious and vicious because they con-
tain the very ingredients, which are now found
wanting by the Attorney General.
The vetoes find them replete with remorse-
less, unmeasured, absolute military power to
do everything the will of the commander can
suggest; the opinion finds them destitute of
many of the most matter-of-course and indis-
pensable elements of effectiveness.
The Attorney General now finds in each act
that vacuum which legislation abhors; but
when he voted for the vetoes he found over-
much of that lawless, despotic, untamed power
by which*half a continent was to be reduced
to abject submission; by which society was to
be disorganized ; by which human rights were
to be trodden down, and upon the ruins of
constitutional liberty was to be set up a des-
potism not even tempered by assassination.
All this the vetoes in substance say. But
we are called here now because the vetoes
were false, so false that there are not bones
enough in these two acts to give them strength
for the emergency for which they were adopted.
However, sir, this is foreign from the pur-
pose for which I rose. I designed only to ask
the attention of the Senator on my right [Mr.
Wilsom] to the fact that there are obstacles to be
considered before we can reach the point that
he proposes.
Mr. WILSON. It seems to me that if the
40th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 34.
doubts suggested by the Senator from New
York have any foundation we have no right to
act on this subject at all. It is very plain that
the committee did not consider these doubts
valid, for I find that the fourth section of the
bill provides—
That tbo acts of tho officers of the Army already
.done in removing in said districts persons exercising
the functions of civil ofiicers and appointing others
in their stead are hereby confirmed.
Now, sir, the fact is, General Sheridan re-
moved the Governor of Louisianaand appointed
a very excellent gentleman, Mr. Flanders, to
exercise the functions of Governor of that
State. He was a civilian. He was selected
by the commander of that military department
and put into the office of Governor of Louisi-
ana ; and the committee propose that we shall
confirm this act of General Sheridan. If we
have a right to confirm the removal of Gov-
ernor Wells and to confirm the appointment
of Mr. Flanders, surely we have a right to say
that General Sheridan may remove Governor
Throckmorton and appoint anybody else in
his place; and if we have a right to say that
General Sheridan may remove Governor
Throckmorton, we have a right to say that
Governor Throckmorton shall vacate the office
he now holds by law.
Now, sir, it seems to me the case is this: we
conquered these ten States; the States exist,
according to the theory of these bills, accord-
ing to the theory on which we have acted, but
the offices of those States were vacant, did not
exist. The President, I remember, in one of
his earliest public documents, stated that they
were without organization, without State offi-
cers or State organization. But, sirf we found
when we passed these bills that by the action
of the President the people or a portion of the
people in these States had filled the offices.
We declared the President had no right to
authorize them to do it; that these States were
held under the military power of the Govern-
ment as conquered States, and that he went
beyond his powers in giving those people the
right to fill up those offices at all. He gave
them the right, and they were filled up hymen
who supported the rebellion generally. Then
we said these State governments are merely
provisional governments, and we treated them
as provisional governments existing by our
will. We had a right to pass an act to simply
vacate all these offices, and let those States be
governed purely by military commanders ; but
we thought for the purposes of reconstruc-
tion, as a practical fact, it would be better to
treat them as provisional governments anu
allow the persons in these offices to be a part
of the machinery that would bring about the
restoration, and we continued them in office;
and we had a right to continue them m office,
I take it. We had a right to say these men
may continue in office for our purposes; they
may administer the duties according to their
constitutions and their laws, subject — how?
Subject to our action. They are all under the
power of the military commander by our laws;
and I believe that if any of these officeis
obstruct the execution of the laws of the coun-
try," thwart the policy of the Government by
the use of the powers conferred upon him in
his office, or in any way stands as an obstacle
to the reconstruction policy of the Govern-
ment, these commanders, without our leave, by
the laws now existing, have a right to remove
such a man. They have removed some of
these officers, and we come forwartl and say that
we confirm it. Then if we can confirm that,
why not sajr, as the House bili says, if you do
not wish to go the length of my amendment,
that they may remove any of these officers and
appoint civilians?
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me. a moment?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask him if there is not
a difference between what has been done in
this bill and what he proposes in every way
practically? Suppose it to be true, as he
seems to suggest, that some one or all of these
commanders have done acts which, although
well meant, technically overstepped their au-
thority. Suppose that to be so; I do not say
whether it is or not; and in a bill we include
a section like this that all their acts are con-
firmed. Suppose it turns out, as the argu-
ment would be, that that section would not
perform the office for which it was intended ;
that it would not indemnify against all possible
objections that may be made hereafter. Grant
that. -That is no reason, it being questionable
in the first place, I submit, why such a section
as that should not be contained in a bill, be-
cause the acts having been done in good faith,
there being no dispute-about the good "inten-
tion of the officer, all that legislation can do to
cure any possible technical defect that there
might be, should be done ; but when you come
to carry into the whole scope of a hill for the
future, provisions of the same kind, the Senator
will see that you make the future depend upon
the question which arises.
Now, if this section referred to is beyond our
constitutional power, it does General Sheridan
no good and no harm, and it does the residue
of the law no harm ; it does the progress of
reconstruction no harm ; and there may be a
question about it. Lawyers will differ. But
when you come to make the future operation
of the bill hinge upon this which is questiona-
ble, then you embark for the future in this
boat which is thus frail and doubtful. Now,'
because the committee saw a question here
that did not convince them that they ought
not to confirm these acts which had been done
in good faith, and, on the contrary, because
they put in a section confirming these acts,
that does not dissipate all doubt with regard to
it, nor lead them to think that it would be
quite safe to embark the whole fate of the
reconstruction system upon the question which
might there arise.
I thiuk the Senator will see—I meant to have
answered this when I was up before ; I beg his
pardon for interrupting him—although there is
undoubtedly a theoretical inconsistency in this
bill, it is all answered by the fact that the sec-
tion he refers to is entirely retroactive, and if
it fails, it does no harm. The other section
which he proposes and the provision which he
wants, is entirely prospective, and if it fails
the whole scheme attached to it would go
down.
Mr. WILSON. I see the distinction made;
and still it does seem to me that there cannot
be any question in regard to this power. Why
do we wish to adopt such a provision? Take
tie case of Governor Flanders: it is a well
known fact that at this very hour a portion of
the officers of the State of Louisiana are deny-
ing his authority. So in Mobile, Mayor Hor-
ton of that city is resisted in the exercise of
his duties, thwarted, opposed by a portion of
the city officers ; and since the Attorney Gen-
eral's opinion some men appointed to office
there have declined to accept on account of
that opinion. There cannot be any doubt at
all that the opinions of the Attorney General
have had a very damaging effect on the policy
of reconstruction, not only in regard to the
sentiments of the people there but in regard
to the action of the officers of those States.
I understand that in Louisiana a portion of
the State officers are undertaking to resist the
action of tho Governor, and certainly the city
officers in New Orleans are resisting the action
of the mayor appointed by General Sheridan.
Now we propose to confirm this action of
our commanders, if we have the power to
confirm it at all, we have the power certainly
to adopt the amendment which I propose. I
am utterly surprised that anybody in Congress
should raise a question as to the power of the
Congress of the United States to do what we
piease in our legislation in the rebel States in
regard to the point whether these men shall be
in office or not in office. How came they in
office? By the acti.on of the President of the
United States. We denounced that action as
a matter of policy and as a matter of power,
and some went so far as to maintain that tha
