530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
President ought to be impeached for that
action ; and certainly if he ought to be im-
peached for anything I think he should be im-
peached for that_, because the trouble he has
brought upon this country by his premature
action in restoring the governments of the
rebel States, and by putting the governments
of those States into the hands of rebels, no
human being can measure. It brought upon
the country in many cases outrages and abuses
upon loyal men and upon freedmen. Many a
man sleeps in his grave to-day on account of
it. The thoughtful, conscientious men of this
country have gone to their pillows burdened
with anxious thoughts for a year and a half on
account of this action of the President. I say
that the action of the President in putting these
States back again into the hands of rebels has
burdened the thoughts of men connected with
the Government who were anxious for the
final settlement of these questions, so as to
have a united country and liberty and justice
everywhere, perhaps as much as tfiey were
burdened during any year and a half of the
war. He has made men wretched and un-
happy on account of it. We maintained that
he acted without authority, that these men
were filling their offices without authority. I
have no doubt of it. It would have been in
our power a year and a half ago, when the
Thirty-Ninth Congress mot, to vacate all these
offices. I thought we ought to do it then. I
have thought so from that hour to this. Who
is to question our power to do it ? Turn them
out of their offices, let us say they shall be
vacated, and let us give to our military com-
manders in whom we vest the whole power in
these territories, the authority to fill their
places ; or if wo are not satisfied that they
alone shall fill them, let us authorize an elec-
tion to be called to fill them.
Mr. THUMB(JLL. The Senator will allow
me to suggest that there is another difficulty
besides the one he refers to. The committee
did not feel themselves at liberty to depart
from the original reconstruction measure. The
original bills did not remove from office ; and
we felt instructed in fact by the resolution
adopted by the Senate. Although we might
have thought that it would be better to have
some different reconstruction measure, we
considered ourselves limited in the bill we
reported to one removing the obstructions to
carrying out the bills as they were originally
passed. We thought the resolution of the
Senate limited us; and I submit to the Sen-
ator if we had beat not adhere to the original
proposition, if we commence departing from
it, and depart from it in one thing, we may
then be forced to do so in another.
As I am up let me suggest to the Senator
one other consideration. He says that we
have declared these governments set up by the
President to be illegal, and he thinks we ought
to wipe them out of existence. Now, he pro-
poses that we shall recognize them to the
extent of recognizing the offices created by
them and filling them ourselves. We make
use of these officers us a sort of locum tenens ;
we make use of the existing governments there
as far as they can conduce to the work of recon-
struction ; but it does not follow that although
we have the right to sweep them out of exist-
ence 
Mr. WILSON. 1 did not speak of sweep-
ing tliein oat, but of vacating the offices.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It does not follow be-
cause we may vacate the offices that we can
confer on some one the power to fill them. I
do not say we may not do it; under one:,view
we doubtless have the power; but there is some
question about it; and it was thought safer, as
it was believed no great inconvenience would
arise from it, to authorize the commanding
general to do that which nobody would doubt
that he had authority to do.
Mr. FBELINGHCJYSEN: Mr. President,
the di8ferenee between the bill as reported and
the amendment suggested is this: we say in the
hill that the commanding general may remove
any functionary that he sees proper to remove
when lie deems it necessary; the amendment
says that the commanding general may retain
any that lie sees proper to retain, lhat is a.11
the difference between the bill and the amend-
ment so far as continuing the officers is con-
cerned. It is a distinction without a differ-
ence • for the commanding general can now
remove all that he sees proper to remove, and
the amendment says that he may retain all that
he sees proper to retain. If the amendment is
intended as an expression of the opinion of the
Senate that it is wise to have a general evacua-,
tion of these offices, a general sweep of fifteen
thousand officers, I differ from my learned
friend as to the policy of that movement. I
think it would be a disturbing, revolutionary
movement at this crisis at the South which
might do great injury; and after the distin-
guished Senator from Massachusetts has told
us the result of his visit to the South, and how
successfully, without this amendment, without
the removal of these officers, this plan for
reconstruction is progressing, I almost wonder
that he should be willing to run the risk of
such a movement and to disturb what is now
well enough. It certainly would be a very dis-
turbing movement in society.
Further, it is very clear that these officers,
after the passage of the bill now under consid-
eration, will be powerless for all evil; for if
there are cases where such persons interfere
with reconstruction, where their influence is
exerted against it, the military commander has
the power at once of removing them. Besides
that, the period for which these offices are now
filled is very brief, for I take it this is all a
mere temporary movement; this reconstruction
measure will very soou be voted upon, and
these States will be reinstated in the Union
and their offices filled by a different constitu-
ency under the principle of universal suffrage.
I need add nothing to the able argument of
the Senator from New York, but it must be
manifest to every one that there would be no
harmony in a system which authorized a mili-
tary government to detail laymen to the dis-
charge of those duties to which they have a
right to appoint persons to only by reason of
military power.
But the true argument against the amend-
ment is that which was just suggested by the
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary,
that it is not contained in the original act of
reconstruction. The proposition was made by
the Senator from Massachusetts that it should
be one of the provisions of that act, but it was
rejected by the Senate. And now, even if I
believed that his Treasure was wise, I would not
give it my vote, for I will not add to what we
declared to the South should be a finality. It
certainly was not contemplated in those meas-
ures that these fifteen thousand officers should
all be turned out of office.
Mr. President, I have no doubt that the public
will say that by the passage of the bill under
consideration we have added to the reconstruc-
tion measures of the last Congress ; and I have
carefully, with that view, examined those meas-
ures and endeavored to analyze what is con-
tained in them. The whole question between
the Attorney General and Congress is this:
whether the State governments there existing
are or are not subordinate to the militaiy power,
lie says they are not subordinate to the mili-
tary power; Congress says they are. That is
the issue which has brought us here. Now,
for a single minute, I desire the attention of
the Senate to show how clear it is that we
placed these State governments directly under
the power of the military governments which
we created.
The first five sections of the act of March
2,1867, clearly supersede the actual State gov-
ernments as independent organizations. The
preamble expressly declares that no legal State
governments exist, and that no adequate pro-
tection for life and property exists, and that
the reason assigned for passing the act is that
it is necessary that peace and good order should
be enforced until loyal and republican State gov-
ernments can be established. Taken together,
the preamble declares that no legal, no loyal,
no republican governments exist, and that
there is no adequate protection to life or prop-
erty, and that it is necessary to make some
provision for peace and good order until loyal
and republican governments can be established.
The pieamble is in these words: ^
" Whereas no legal State governments or adequate
grotection for life or property now exists in the rebel
tates of Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia, Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana, Florida,
Texas, and Arkansas; and whereas it is necessary
that peace and good order should be enforced in said
States until loyal republican State governments can
be legally established."
Now, it is a great jump that the Attorney
General makes when he comes to the conclu-
sion, in the face of that preamble, that the
existing State governments are not only legal
governments, but that we established them and
made them superior to the very government
which we created by the act.
In view of the controversy between the
President and Congress, and in the light that
the history of the controversy sheds, the act
asserts that the governments erected by the
President are not'legal, and that some other
means of protecting life and property, peace
and order, are necessary. Then follows in the
bill the enactments, all and each of which
strengthen and confirm the principal idea of
the bill stated in the preamble.
The first section declares that the States
shall be divided into five districts and made
subject to the military authority of the United
States, and the mode and manner is afterward
prescribed.
By the second section the President is di-
rected to assign a general officer to the com-
mand of each district, with sufficient military
force to enable him to perform his duties and
enforce his authority, not to enforce the au-
thority of the so-called State governments.
By the third section it is made the duty of the
general officer (not the duty of the so-called
State governments) "to protect all persons in
their rights of person and property." But
that duty embraces all domestic governments,
and independent of the rights growing out of
a State's relations to the Federal Government
(and with these States that relation is not yet
reestablished.) " Protectingall persons in their
rights of person and properly" is all of gov-
ernment', and so the act gives the commander
entire civil and criminal jurisdiction. The
section, further providing for the disordered
state of society, directs the commander "to
suppress insurrection, disorder, and violence,
and to punish, or cause to be punished, all
disturbers of the public peace." This law
only places these States in the condition they
were in when recently under military rule be-
fore the establishment of the so-called State
governments. They are subject to military
authority. This same section goes.on to show
what use might be made of the existing State
governments or their tribunals, jtrid parotides
that'' to this end—that is, the protection of the
rights of person and property, the preservation
of order and the punishment of crime—he (the
military commander) may allow local civil
tribunals to take jurisdiction of and to try
offenders, he may organize military commis-
sions or tribunals for that purpose i" and to
make it perfectly clear and plain that the mil-
itary commander is not to be interfered with
and that the State governments are not to ex-
ercise any functions except by his permission,
it is added, "and all interference under color
(that is to say, on the pretence of any) of
State authority with the exercise of military
authority under this act shall be null and void."
The independent'(not the allowed and permis-
sive) exercise of any functions of government
by the so-called State governments would of
course conflict with the execution by the mili-
tary commander of his duties and the main-
tenance of his authority: for it is, from the
very nature of government, impossible that
two jurisdictions should concurrently •' protect
all persons in their rights of person and pro-
perty," suppress disorder and punish crime.
