532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
a civil government there, if I remember aright,
and they displaced the civil functions of Col-
onel Mason and replaced them with the func-
tions of the civil government they found ; but
in reference to other portions of the territory
conquered in the same war, and conquered by
the same force they proceeded to do what I have
contended from the beginning of this terrible
struggle was the first duty resting upon the
law-making power of the United States, and
that was to provide provisional governments,
and civil, not military provisional govern-
ments.
Mr. President, the amendment offered by
the Senator from Massachusetts proposes not
merely to authorize these military commanders
to vacate all these offices, but proposes to
authorize him to fill them also, and to fill
them, not by detail of his subordinates, but by
the appointment of citizens. The Senator
from New York suggests that there are grave
constitutional objections derived from another
quarter against doing this. The Senator from
Massachusetts replied to him, as I thought at
the time, and I am bound to think still, con-
clusively, thus : if you have not the authority,
if yon cannot clothe the military commanders
with the power to command a citizen to fill one
of these civil offices, upon what ground can
you justify the fourth section, because the his-
torical fact remains that one or more of these
district commanders has exercised this very
authority, and the fact remains that this bill
undertakes to say in the fourth section that
what they did in that behalf is valid and is con-
firmed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It does not say "is
valid."'
Mr. HOWE. "Is confirmed" without be-
ing valid.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It does not use the word
" valid." I merely stated that fact.
Mr. HOWE. I thought they were synony-
mous, hut I find only one of these words is in
the section, and the other is not; but I assume
for the purpose of this argumenttliat the Judi-
ciary Committee did not mean by an act of
Congress to confirm anything which in their
judgment was not valid.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That might be done, I
suppose. I suppose it is competent to confirm
an aet which was not valid without the confirm-
ation.
Mr. HOWE. Oh, yes ; but not to confirm
an act which we could not make valid.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a difference
between the two, that is all T mean to say.
Mr. HOWE. What is the reply to that on
the part of the Senator from New York ? Why,
he says the instances in which this power has
been exercised are few, are exceptional; it
will not do any hurt to undertake to confirm
those if you have not the authority to confirm ;
but it would be a sad mistake to undertake to
transfer the power there exercised and here
confirmed in terms into the body of the bill;
why? Because (hen fho whole bill would be a
mistake if the power failed ; 'but if the power
fails the fourth section is not of any particular
consequence. 1 submit to the honorable Sen-
ator from New York that I think he under-
estimates the consequences which would result
from the enactment of this fourth section even
if we found we had no such power. There is
the fact. General Sheridan has removed from
oilice the Governor of Louisiana, Mr. Wells;
he has put into that very office Mr. Flanders ;
you, speaking for the law-making power, con-
firm that act and adjourn, and the Attorney
General on some later day in this scas^, or
the Supreme Court, or the American people,
conclude, as the Senator from New York
seems to argue, that we have not the authority
to empower General Sheridan to do any such
thing; what follows? There is no Governor
there of any kind. Wells is not Governor ;
Sheridan has removed him. Flanders is not
Governor; he had no authority to appoint a
Governor. He has made a vacancy ; it is not
filled. Can it be filled ? Let some good law-
yer answer me. Can it be filled ? There is an
office made vacant by the removal of Wells,
vacant again by the great and ultimate decision
that Flanders was a usurper in it; how shall it
be filled? Will General Sheridan detail an
officer of his?
Mr. TKUMBULL. Who made the office ?
Mr. HOWE. Louisiana made the office of
Governor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Made that office that
Wells filled?
"Mr. HOWE. No, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You have decided that
that government is illegal.
Mr. HOWE. But I understand that Louisi-
ana made the office; that is the question put
to me. I understand that Louisiana made the
office; it is made vacant by this act. Can
General Sheridan then go on and detail a sub-
ordinate of his to fill it, overriding the express
letter of your law here? Then he does tran-
scend the declared will of Congress. They say
Flanders shall stand the Governor of Louisiana;
that is what you are asked to say in this fourth
section. You cannot expect your military
commander to disregard that and hereafter fill
that office by a subordinate. And what I say
of this office of Governor in Louisiana is true
of every one of the offices in all these com-
munities in which this thing has been done.
But then the Senator cites us to the text of
the Constitution. He supposes we may have
difficulty arising from the very text of the Con-
stitution. What is it? The Constitution says
that the President shall nominate, and, by and
with the advise and consent of the Senate,
shall appoint, such and such officers, and the
appointment of those officers who may not be
so appointed may by authority of law be given
to the President or a member of the Cabinet,
or to a court of law ; and he rightly concludes,
I think, that these military commanders down
there are not among the persons upon whom
we can vest this authority; and I think the
Senator rightly coueludes that if these are na-
tional offices down there, then we cannot confer
this authority to fill them upon a district com-
mander; but if they are not national offices,
and I conclude they are not, the Senator con-
cludes that they must be State offices. That
I do not see. There is where I differ very
broadly, perhaps radically, with the Senator.
I think they are not State offices.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. What are they?
Mr. HOWE. Offices existing m a govern-
ment which*we have at last, though years after
the time had come at which we should have
said so, said ate provisional.
Mr. CONKLING. Nevertheless, what are
they, State or national?
Mr. HOWE. Neither State nor national,
but provisional governments for the control of
a portion of the common territory of the Uni-
ted States. They are offices existing under
authority of laws enacted by communities, a
portion of the people of the United States,
and by laws which we never have repealed.
It is said abeut me that they are agencies
as distinguished from offices. I am willing to
call them agencies; but what harm is there in
calling them offices? There are just such offi-
cers as a Governor and judges in the Territory
of New Mexico and in the Territory of Utah.
They ave there for precisely the same reason,
though not created in the same way, that such
offices may be in South Carolina or in Georgia;
they are there because these are a portion of
the common territory of the United States,
because there is no State government there to
displace them or replace them, whibh our Gov-
ernment, the supreme authority of the nation,
will recognize or have recognized. That is why
there are these offices in Washington Terri-
tory, in New Mexico, and Utah ; that is rea-
son enough why they should be in Georgia, in
Alabama, and in Mississippi; and I see no
more harm in calling them offices in one place
than in another. There are functions with
which each one of these officers is clothed,
essential to the peace and well-being of those
communities, functions which are vested by
no national law in no national officer what-
ever; and, therefore, unless we recognize
these several functionaries, or some function-
aries as having the right to discharge these
duties down there, they must fail and cannot
be discharged by anybody.
Mr. President, I rose mainly to remonstrate
against the attempt to deny the authority of
Congress to do what we are invoked to do by
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Massachusetts, because when you have estab-
lished the fact that we cannot do that, I am as
firmly convinced as I am of anything that we
cannot do anything which we are asked to do
in the bill reported here by the Judiciary Com-
mittee. The propriety of adopting this amend-
ment has been disputed .on the ground of ex-
pediency. I do not propase to discuss that
portion of the case except in reference to a
particular remark submitted by the Senator
from New Jersey, which was to this effect:
that if he believed this amendment was a
judicious exercise of authority he would not
agree to it, because he would not agree to add
a line or a letter to what we did during the* last
session of Congress and during the commence-
ment of the present Congress, and which we
had agreed to as a finality.
Now, Mr. President, I simply wish to say, as
indicating a point of difference between my-
self and my honorable friend from New Jer-
sey—and there is upon this floor no Senator
with whom I differ more reluctantly—that I
never understood, and I am not able now to
understand, how anything which was enacted
in either of the laws to which he has referred
can be pleaded as an estoppel against the Con-
gress of the United States. I do not under-
stand by what right any one can assert that we
have ever submitted any act of legislation as a
finality to the people of those communities or
to the people of the United States. Whatever
the national legislature has heretofore said
upon this as upon other subjects I understand
it has said in the exercise of the ordinary
powers of legislation. It has adopted the act
as a temporary measure, adopted it because it
suited the pleasure of Congress, not by way of
negotiation or compact with anybody else, but
adopted it to stand while it suited the pleasure
of Congress. It is a law, as far as possible
from being a contract. We never did, either
in the aet of March 2 or the subsequent aet,
pass such a law as estops the Congress of the
United States from legislating further in the
same direction; and I protest especially
against holding either of these acts up to us
in the light of a contract, since it must be
manifest to-day, if it was not then, that there
was but one party to that contract, and that
was the Government of the United States.
Nobody else assented to it then; nobody else
has assented to it yet; and it would be strange
if we had exhausted the authority of the Con-
gress of the United States to legislate upon
this subject by an enactment which never
has been, accepted by anybody else. How
soon it may be I am sure I do not know.
I make this protest, not because, as must
have been manifested, I am here a cham-
pion of further legislation; not because I
am here prepared to say that when these
communities have organized State govern-
ments in accordance with the direction given
in these acts, I shall then insist upon more
being done. I am not prepared to say whether
I shall be content to invite them in here and
seat them in the councils of the nation or not.
If I am prepared to do that, I will say now
that it will he not so much because of the fact
of their assenting to these things as it will be
because of the time and the manner in which
they assent to them. If they accept them as
right and reasonable measures, if those old
prejudices which have hung about them shall
be discarded, if I see the scales drop from
their eyes and see them prepared to recogu^o
not merely the power which enacted these
laws, but, the righteou,->ne.=s, the e-isonlia!
