534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
tionraentlaw, and he may ijive one vote to each of
tho requisite number of persons to beehosen, ormay
cumulate his votes and bestow them at his discretion
upon one or more candidates less in number than
thewholo number of mcrabors to be chosen from
such State.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will take this occasion to lay before the Senate a
bill from the House of Representatives, if
there be no objection.
The bill (H. Ii. No. 123) supplementary to
an act entitled "An act to provide for the more
efficientgovernmentof the rebel States," passed
on the 2d day of March, 1867, and the act
supplementary thereto, passed on the 23d day
of March, 18G7, was read twice by its title.
Mr. TRUMBULL, [ suggest that that bill
go on the Calendar and be printed, so that we
may have copies of it.
, The PRESID ENTpro tempore. Without a
reference?
Several Senators. Eefer it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the object in
referring it ?
Mr. JOHNSON. We can report on it to-
morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That will involve the
necessity of a meeting of the committee.
The PRESIDENTjpVo tempore. The order
to print the bill will be entered, no objection
being made.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that tho bill be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I submit to the Senator
from Michigan whether it is best to refer it.
The subject is now before the Senate. Per-
haps it may be thought advisable to amend the
House bill in some respects, or substitute ours
for it.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well; I withdraw the
motion to refer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it will be better
to have it printed and let it lie on the table for
the present, so as to keep it before the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will lie on the table and be printed. Senate
bill No. 131 is now before the body.
Mr. WILSON. 1 move to amend the second
section of the pending bill by adding after the
word "Army" in the eighteenth line the words
"or other person," so as to authorize the com-
manding general to fill vacancies by the detail
of some competent officer of the Army or some
other person.
Mr. HENDERSON. It would be better to
say "by the appointment of some other per-
son." Tho military commander cannot detail
civilians.
Mr. WILSON. I accept the suggestion and
modify my amendment by proposing to insert
the words "or by the appointment of some
other person."
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I am sorry
to occupy the time of tho Senate; but 1 think
it so important that this amendment of my
friend from Massachusetts should not be adopted
that I beg to_ trespass for a very few moments
upon the patience of the Senate.
f may say in the first place that the subject
engaged the most careful consideration of the
committee to whom the bill was referred. We
were as desirous as any member of the Senate
can be to give the largest efficiency to this
government which we were endeavoring to
carry forward in these States. We were as
desirous as my friend from Massachusetts even
to protect persons, to encourage liberty and
progress, and to advance the reorganizsgkm of
these States in the true and loyal way. But
like most men who have practical objects to
accomplish, we felt obliged to adapt to these
ends that we had in view means which would
be efficacious, means that the laws of the coun-
try under which we act and by which we were
bound will warrant; and therefore it was that
we thought it wise, although there may be some
inconveniencies in it, not greater perhaps than
otherwise, to stand by this provision of a detail
for the performance of duties and not for the
appointment by a military commander of any
civil officer whatever.
Now, mark the distinction, Mr. President.
This bill as it now stands proceeds upon the
idea that an officer being superseded and set
aside on account of his improper conduct in
these military districts, we are to provide merely
for the performance of the duties that he is
incapable of performing, and not for substi-
tuting another officer in his place. There is a
wide distinction. The man who is to fill an
office as the successor of this deposed or
removed incumbent must of course fill the
office as a legally-appointed person, and an
office can only be legally filled by an appointed
person according to the methods that the law
creating the office recognizes and warrants. I
take it that is clear. Now, sir, if we are to
give to the commanding officer of one of these
districts the power, having set aside an improper
person from the performance of those duties,
to appoint his successor in office, by what ten-
ure is that successor to hold ? If he is a suc-
cessor in the office, if he is the officer that the
nature of the office prescribes and requires,
then of course ho holds the office according to
the tenure that the law has affixed to that office;
if he is a judge in South Carolina, for life for
aught I know, or for a year, or for whatever
Eeriod of time the law creating the office fixes,
e administers civil government; he is a civil
officer, and nothing else.
Now, I do not deny that we have the power
—I believe we have it—to establish civil pro-
visional governments there. We have chosen,
persistently chosen, I may say, after debate,
not to do that, but to tolerate existing govern-
ments, good or bad, only to coerce them by
military power into the observance of what we
consider to be the duties that they owe to their
fellow-men and to themselves. Therefore the
government which wc have deliberately adopted
in those regions is a government of the sword;
and our Democratic friends on the other side
made the most of it in so describing it and
rightly describing it in the debates that took
place upon the passage of the bills. It is tho
government of the sword ; the just and right-
eous government of the sword which exists ill
this state of quasi warfare that still continues
following the dispersion of the rebel armies—
a fit and proper government until peace shall
have time to heal the disrupted condition of
society. Therefore, as we have fitly chosen to
make it, it is a military government; it is the
government of military power derived from the
principles of public law, and not from any pro-
vision in the Constitution of the United States
or from any provision in the constitution of
any one of these States over which our arms
have once more extended the jurisdiction of
our own national strength and power.
Now, if that be the case, as every Senator
knows it is the case, then governing by force
of the military power it is indispensable that
we should govern by the agencies of the mili-
tary power. It is the Army that governs ; and
when the Army governs, as we all know, upon
principles of public law that no man has yet
disputed, the Army must govern by its own
agencies and by its own officers or soldiers.
Tile General, the Commander-in-Chief, or who-
ever directs the Army, cannot go beyond the
Army for the appointed agencies of executing
the military will. If he does, he violates the
very law and the very logic of that state of
things.
We all know, Mr. President, that every act
we do in connection with this will be the sub-
ject of criticism, the subject of fierce denunci-
ation and hostility ; not in a body like ours
where criticism and hostility are of no special
consequence to us, but before public bodies in
the United States, where the scales of right
and wrong are not so evenly and justly poised
as they are herej^where the majority for the
one side or theother of whichever view you
may take of it is not so decided as it is here,
and where any unwise and unnecessary depart-
ure from the ordinary course of procedure will j
expose us and our cause to the danger of I
defeat. Is it wise, then, I appeal to my friend,
to invite hostility, to invite criticism, to invite
opposition, and to invite overthrow in doubtful
sections of the country where these things must
be debated before the people, who are the final
arbiters, by thrusting into a bill a provision of
this doubtful and experimental and in my
judgment clearly erroneous character?
It was for these reasons that we felt obliged
and thought it wise to adhere to the method of
executing our will there that we have provided
rather than to undertake to enter upon the exer-
cise of a $ower which either clearly we had not
or which in public debate in the country could
be made certainly as manifest to be beyond our
authority as within it. It is true that there arc
obstacles in the way of finding officers enough
that you were to turn out all of the persons
now performing the duties of office; but these
considerations are outweighed by those 1 have
named; and it appears to me that a reasonable
and decent' regard for that prudence which
should characterize public men in entering
upon experiments of this kind should lead us
to submit to these inconveniences rather than
expose ourselves—and when I say " ourselves,"
I mean the just cause that we maintain—to the
hazard of unjust criticism, and attack and pos-
sibly overthrow, from venturing upon unneces-
sary experiments of this character. I am re-
minded, too, by my friend from New York,
[Mr. Conkling,] and correctly, that this is
the same amendment in substance (although a
little something else was coupled with the
other) as the one which we have voted upon
and rejected by so large a majority.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I am in favor
of this amendment. I am in favor of it be-
cause the rejection of it would, I think, subject
us to the imputation of disfranchising a large
portion of our fellow-citizens in the South who
are as much entitled to hold office as anybody
else. The question of power has nothing what-
ever to do with the decision of this question.
As has been well remarked by the Senator from
Massachusetts, we have no authority to pass
this bill if we admit that these offices exist, if
we admit that there are in each of these States
the offices of Governor and secretary of state,
circuit judges, &c. If we admit that these
offices exist there, then, in the language of the
Attorney General, a government having such
offices is a government. The whole bill goes
upon the assumption that there is no civil gov-
ernment there. This bill says that whatever
government is there shall be subordinate to
the military power. If we treat these as legal
offices, then the Attorney General may, in the
veto of the President to this bill, embody the
argument of the honorable Senator from New
York as a good objection, and a good reason
for vetoing the bill.; because if these are legal
offices, and if we treat them as valid offices,
then the clause of the Constitution quoted by
him is clear that the President and not Con-
gress shall have the power of appointing per-
sons to hold these offices. But the bill goes
upon a different assumption, that these are
usurped governments; that they are govern-
ments put up in place of the loyal governments
which existed before the rebellion commenced.
If I am right in this case, we have a simple
duty to perform. These are provisional gov-
ernments, not legal governments. Somebody
has been appointed to perform the duties of
the office of Governor. Why? Because he is
Governor? No. Congress cannot appoint a
Governor. He is appointed simply to perform
temporarily the duties of the office of Governor.
He is the mere agent of Congress, or at least
of the persons appointed by Congress to dis-
charge those duties. Therefore the clause of
the Constitution which is relied upon by the
honorable Senator from New York is no objec-
tion, and can be no objection whatever to the
appointment of civilians to discharge the duties
of these offices.
Sir, I am for employing the right men to do
the right thing. When wo wish to do a mili-
tary act, when we wish to fight battles, when
we wish to carry our banner over the field of
