1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
506
contest in war, or to do any other military
duty I want a military man to do it; but when
the duties of civil offices are to be discharged,
I want any man who is competent, whether he
be a civilian or a military man. All over the
South there are loyal men, men who have
been true to the Government, civilians of great
distinction, men who are fully equal to these
duties, as has been stated by the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts. I want such men
appointed to discharge them. If we treat these
positions as offices, as I understand the honor-
able Senator from Wisconsin to treat them,
then the objection of the Senator from New
York is good and valid; but we do not so
treat them. All our legislation i%upon the
assumption that there are no offices there
according to law ; that there is no civil gov-
ernment there until Congress by its sovereign
power shall establish civil government.
For this reason I shall vote for this amend-
ment which authorizes the military command-
ers to appoint men, whether they be civilians
or military officers or soldiers, to perform the
duties which we style as the offices of Governor
and the other offices which have been assumed
and which are mere assumptions on the part
of those who hold them. They have no right
to these offices ; they never have acquired
that right, and they never will acquire it until
Congress has passed a bill which will enable
them to hold and exercise the duties of these
offices.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, it seems to
rue that the position taken by the Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Edmuxds,] if acted upon
by Congress, will plainly say to the country
that General Pope in removing the mayor of
Mobile and appointing Mr. Horton, and that
General Sheridan in removing Governor Wells
and appointing Mr. Flanders, and in removing
Mayor Monroe and appointing Mr. Heath,
acted without authority, exercised a power
they did not possess, and a power that we
decline to authorize them to exercise hereafter.
The Senator says that he shrinks from mviting
a contest, that there has been opposition to
our military bills, that they liave been de-
nounced as arbitrary. I know they have been,
and they are stronger than any political organ-
ization in this country to-day. There never
was so much liberty in those ten States as
to-day, never so much protection for life and
property. Take all classes of the people there,
and they are better protected in life and prop-
erty under our military bills than they ever
■were before.
I do not fear any opposition to those bills in
any part of our country; but I do desire to
encourage men in these ten States who are
fighting the battle of unity, liberty, and justice.
I want them to feel that we have confidence
in them, that if there are places to be filled
they are wortfiy of filling those places. There
can be no doubt, there is no doubt, that men
who have no sympathy with the acts which we
have passed and with the policy of the Gov-
ernment are not only wielding_ power, but
wielding mighty and potent political, moral,
and social influence in those States. The truth
is that the people of that section of the coun-
try have a great respect for power and a great
regard for social position; and it has come to
pass that rebels are in power basking in the
sunshine under the Government of the coun-
try, ruling those States, administering law in
the courts of justice there, lords of the ascend-
ant, and the Union men, proscribed by the
majority, are under their feet, looked down
upon with contempt as a second class of men,
a class of men that are not lit to administer the
governments of those States ; and it is a com-
mon expression there that the white men who
are maintaining and battling for our cause are
"mean white men." You hear it said there
that the only friends of our policy are the
negroes and the mean white men. Now, sir,
I say that some of the best men of this country
are there, men of principle, of personal char-
acter, and of capacity. Most of them are not
men who have had experience in public affairs;
but, thank God, by the operation of these bills
tQey are to have experience in public affairs in
a few months any way; for I believe firmly to-
day as I did when we passed the military bills
that three fourths of those States will go into
the hands of the truly loyal men of the coun-
try who support the policy of the Government;
and I want so far as I can do it to encourage
them, to help them, to strengthen them in the
great work in which they are engaged; and I
really did not suppose there could be a shadow
of question about our power over the subject
being full, ample, complete; and the House
of Representatives by a vote of 110 to 31, has
just passed a bill that contains that provision.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am sorry to hear my
friend from Massachusetts resort to such an
argument as that in the Senate of the United
States.
Mr. WILSON. What do you mean; the
reference to the action of the House?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That the House of Rep-
resentatives by a certain vote have decided
that this thing ought to go in and that it is
lawful and proper to have it in.
Mr. WILSON. I said they had passed a
bill that covered this principle.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well_; they have
passed a bill which covers that principle. My
friend entirely evaded going into any discus-
sion of the questionjof public law and consti-
tutional right that I suggested to him, but has
treated us to a dissertation as to the loyalty
of certain men down there, and their griefs at
not being in office, and their just deserts to
have office, all of which I entirely agree to.
We did not leave the bill, in reporting it, in
this form for the purpose of excluding the
friends of the Senator from Massachusetts and
myself, down there, from office. AVe want
them to have office. My friend ought to under-
stand it perfectly well. The question, there-
fore, is not the one that he debated until he
told us what the House had voted. I repeat,
as I said before, that the Judiciary Committee
are as anxious as he can be to strengthen the
hands of the loyalists and disarm the hands
of the rebels there; but the Judiciary Com-
mittee differ from him in their desire to take
the most lawful and therefore the most effect-
ual means to accomplish the end. It is per-
fectly useless in this age of the world for a
legislative body to attempt to jump at conclu-
sions. You cannot run a steam engine on
moral principles; you are obliged to resort to
mechanical and natural laws. You cannot
legislate for a military government upon any
other principle of public law than those prin-
ciples that have from time immemorial among
all civilized and constitutional governments
governed the administration of the military
establishment of the country. Does my friend
from Massachusetts mean to say—and I want
him to listen to me—that if General Sheridan
should organize a commission of civilians, or
one civilian, to take the place of any_ judge
under our military government in Louisiana,
and should try a man and put him in prison,
that would be a lawful imprisonment? Was it
ever heard of, I will ask my friend, the chair-
man of the Military Committee, whose read-
ing upon this subject is more extensive than
mine, I know; was it ever heard of that a mil-
itary commission that governs a country or
some part of it in time of war or in a time
succeeding war was ever organized out of
civilians? If so, I should he glad to know it.
And if you cannot make up a military com-
mission out of civilians to try and dispose of
the rights of persons and property, can your
military commander appoint one civilian to
^°Mr! DRAKE. Will the honorable Senator
from Vermont allow me to ask him a question
there?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. DRAKE. What is to prevent the Con-
gress'of the United States from authorizing
that thing to be done? Where is ths higher
law that is to prevent these bodies that wield
the -^hole civil and military power of this Gov-,
ernment from authorizing that thing to be done ?
Mr._ EDMUNDS. I am very glad to have
my friend from Missouri ask the question. I
have no doubt that he himself is conscious of
the proper answer to it; but lest he should
not be, or lest it should not .be in the minds
of some others, I will answer it with pleasure.
I wish to inform my friend from Missouri, then,
answering the question in the spirit in which he
has asked it, as if he really desired to know,
and did not know, that whenever we govern by
military power the Army of the United States
is a constitutional Army nevertheless ; it has
its commander-in-chief whether it is encamped
upon the plains of Mexico or South Carolina
or is inNew Yorkharbor. Although municipal
or constitutional law is generally said to be
territorialized, so far as the Army of the coun-
try goes, wherever it goes its Commander-in-
Chief goes as its constitutional head ; the
President of the United States and the Con-
stitution therefore follows the Army wherever
the military government of the country carries
that Army.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the honorable Senator
be so kind as to point to that clause of the
Constitution which limits the military power of
the Government within circumscribed bound-
aries as against the enemies of the country?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, I will do that with
pleasure. The Constitution of the country, I
will again inform my friend, as I was going on
to say, governs the Army of the United States,
regulates its administration through Congress
in providing rules and regulation for it wherever
that Army may be, and it restricts most care-
fully the exercise of the military power beyond
certain limits; and when it speaks of the exer-
cise of military power—I am not using its lan-
guage, but the scope and purpose of it—when
it allows the military power, the power to make
war, the power to suppress insurrection and
rebellion, to be brought into play, it is to be
construed, as my friend well knows, by the
same principles of public law and the civilized
understanding of mankind as if they were in-
corporated into it. That is what I have to say.
Therefore I hold, in answer to my friend, that
the Army of the United States under any ex-
press power given to it by Congress, or under
the Constitution, or without the Constitution
under public law, is not an irresponsible body
that may do whatever its will or the will of its
commander is, or the will of the body that
created it may be, to take this man's life or
that man's property ; but that it is governed by
as fixed, as regular, and as absolute a limit to
its authority and to its jurisdiction as any other
function of government is; and among those
limits I undertake to say, without the fear of
contradiction by my friend here, [Mr. Drake,]
or by my friend there, [Mr. Wilson",] that it
was never heard of, and I trust it never will be,
that where the Army governs, life or liberty is
put in peril, either rightfully or wrongfully, by
any commission except that which the military #
organizes from itself. It would be an 'outrage
upon the nineteenth century were it otherwise.
Now, we have an Army. We have the power;
wo govern there by the Army; and is it to be
said that we are driven to the poor expedient
of departing from this regular and well-under-
stood military power that we possess, to depute
to an officer of the Army the power to pick up
from the streets any patriot, good or bad—and
no matter how good, because I do not intend
to speak with disrespect to these southern
patriots; I believe in them as much as any-
body—persons to administer for a fewmonths
the functions that we are to exercise, in order
to reach over the southern aristocracy?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Sen-
ator allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the Sen-
ator whether the government here provided is
not a mixed government now; whether the
government proposed by this bill and contem-
