1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE/
at a cost of at least four billion dollars to
his country, the legacy of a most oppressive
and apparently inextinguishable debt, which
not only grinds the laborer to the dust, but in
every^ way cripples all working capital—hav-
ing witnessed the slaughter of half a million of
his countrymen, and heard the cries of wid-
ows and orphans almost innumerable, natu-
rally enough deemed his mission accomplished,
and went over to England to be feted, there
to repose among dukes and duchesses, grateful
to him for his great work of destruction.
The party, however, which he then and there
formed in Faneuil Hall, we now see entering
upon a new mission, into fresh crusades,
not now for the emancipation of four million
blacks, but for the enslavement of eight mil-
lion whites—men of their own kith, kin,
and color, and physical organization. And we
have here in the bill before us, in substance
soon to become a law, a bill of destruction,
which will entitle these new crusaders, if they
ever go over the sea, to like honor from fresh
dukes of Argyle, or other noble lords of Eng-
land. The work to be accomplished by this
bill is the complete annulment of the Federal
Constitution, that .covenant with death, that
agreement with hell, the complete annulment,
the end of what Garrison began twenty-four
years ago in Boston.
What is first worthy of note in the bill before
us is, that in a time of profound peace, when
all war hasbeen over, two years and more, save
from the yell of the Sioux or Cheyenne, we have
introduced a martial bill, full of martial pains
and penalties, as if, flagrante belto, we were
amid the very roar of cannon, or in the clash
of squadrons of infantry and cavalry. Peace
everywhere, save on the prairies or plains,
blesses our great country. But now, long after
the Temple of Janus is closed, we have mar-
tial law, military commissions, the destruc-
tion of courts and of all civil law proposed.
The only other war existing is one of those
hitherto peaceful wars between the Democratic
and some other ever opposing party, when
now the anti-Democratic party, in order to keep
itself in office, and to keep us out, overrides,
obliterates, tramples under foot ten States of
our Union and the twelve million people that
dwell in them.
That such a bill, which I shall proceed to
analyze, has never before been contemplated
by the leaders of the majority party in this
House, nay, not until this late period, when
it sees party power constitutionally departing,
is not only evident from its hitherto recorded
history in the journals of Congress, but clear
also from the decision of their own Chief Jus-
tice, who, prior to these military bills, in the
Indiana military commission case, though of
the Republican party, expressed liis judicial
condemnation of all such military bills in time
of peace. " We by no means assert that Con-
gress can establish and apply the laws of war
where 110 war has been declared or exists,"
said Chief Justice Chase from the minority in
the Indiana military tribunal case. "Where
peace exists the laws of peace must prevail."
" Where peace exists," expressly says the Chief
Justice, "the laws of peace must prevail."
But here, in the time of a profound peace,
there is embodied in this bill, in the most ob-
jectionable form, almost every article of the
laws of war. Here, too, is a bill which sub-
verts from top to bottom, in its very founda-
tions, the Constitution of the United States,
and which, amid its many iniquities, one of the
least though, violates that guarantee of the Con-
stitution, (article four, section four,) that se-
cures to every State of this Union a republican
form of government, for no republican form
of government, nor the shadow'of one, can
exist under the outrageous provisions of this
bill.
This bill itself in its grand outlines is a Pen-
tarchy, a .bill creating five monarchs^ a bill
subverting Magna Charta—-a bill ignoring the
Declaration of Independence and the Consti-
tution of the. United States, and over ten States
of this Union installing the pentarchy, or five
monarchies more fearftil, more odious, more
damnable even than any that reign over
Europe or Asia or even Africa. Let us ana-
lyze this bill, then, and see whether I exagger-
ate its character. What is its first section ?
It subverts the governments in four of the old
States of this Union and in six other States not
of the original thirteen. It goes further than
the two bills which have preceded it, making
worse what seemed as bad as possible before,
in not only declaring those State governments
" illegal," but by going further and declaring
them "void." Hitherto we have heard of
" dead States"— an idea first started, I think,
in the Senate of the United States—States
whose corpses only were existing. But here
for the first time it is proposed to put into the
form of law the solemn declaration that the
governments of ten States are void ; that those
States are dead, their governments not only
illegal, but void; and these ten States of our
Union, four of them of the original thirteen
that formed the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. Speaker, in framing this bill no regard
has been paid to the history of the past, not
even to a sentiment or a recollection. When
the name of Greece or Rome or any classic
land or classic institution is tingled in our ears,
whenever we read of them in history, there is
associated with the Parthenon, or with Mara-
thon, or with the Pantheon, the Capitoline hill,
or Taipeian rock, something that touches the
heart and makes the blood run warmly through
all our veins. But here is a State across the
Potomac whose history is ours, that did more
for the creation of this Government than any
other State whatever ; a State more classic and
glorious in its history than the Parthenon of
Greecc or the Pantheon of Homo; a State
struck out of existence by the first section of
this infamous bill. Sir, I have been upon the
plains of Marathon and by the passes of Ther-
mopylae, and my heart has warmed as I reflected
upon the history of the noble Greeks that there
saved their native land; but never, never,
amid all such classic scenes have I ever felt
the enthusiasm which inspired me upon the
rising grounds of Mount Vernon, before the
tomb of Washington, or upon the plains of
Montpelier, or upon the heights of Monlicello,
or when I have fallen upon my knees before
the tomb of Marshall. In no part of the earth
wherever an American may go, in 110 place
where history makes a record of life, is there
ground so classic and so glorious as that within
a fifty miles radius around the city of Rich-
mond, in Virginia. There, within that radius,
was born the father of liis country; there
flashed out the fiery and electric eloquence of
Patrick Henry; there was born the President
of the First Congress; there the homes of the
Randolphs and Harrisons; there the illustrious
Jefferson and Madison and Monroe ; there was
born our Winfield Scott, and there have been
nursed into existence some of the most illus-
trious commanders of our own Federal Army.
And yet this State whose record is thus
bright all over in history, a deformed Congress,
a mutilated Congress, a Congress born from
the blood and genius of Virginia, strikes out
from the Union that glorious star, the star of Vir-
ginia, a lost pleiad in our own history; a pleiad
that will return back with some returning orb
to shine brighter and more beautifully in the
constellation of our country, brighter than
Orion or the Pleiades ever shone in the astro-
nomical history of the geographer.
South Carolina, too, is struck out, the land of
Rutledge and of Pinckney, and of Marion and
of Sumter; Georgia, also, that gave the coun-
try the two great States of Mississippi and Ala-
bama. Sir, whatever may have been the errors
of those States of the original Thirteen, what-
ever wrongs in the misjudgrneut of the Consti-
tution they may have inflicted upon the country, :
whatever crimes they may have committed, in
the warmth of your hearts, if you were but men
in your feelings and sympathies, you would feel
now as you feel for struggling Greece or for the
Cretans in their contest with the Turks, who
are not inflicting upon those people barbari-
ties in principle greater than those you propose
to inflict in the act before you.
Now, sir, two of these ten States, Louisiana
and Arkansas, obliterated by your bill, are part
of the great Louisiana purchase. The faith
of treaties in the most solemn of obligations is
violated here in the act which you propose to
pass into a law by depriving them of all pro-
tection for their liberty and property. Arkan-
sas you will remember, or you all know, is a
part of the Louisiana purchase. Arkansas
and Louisiana were parts of that territory of
Louisiana whichMr. Jefferson purchased from
Franco, and which under the treaty of that
purchase, (1803,) articlethree, has the following
solemn compact:
"The inhabitants of the ceded territory shall bo
incorporated into the Union of the United States
and admitted as soon as possible, according to the
principles of the Federal Constitution, to the enjoy-
ment of all tho rights, advantages, and immunities
of citizens of the United States; and in the mean
time they shall he maintained and-protceted in the '
enjoyment of their liberty, property, and the reli-
gion which tlioy profess."
This bill violates that treaty, that solemn
treaty ; and France, with all her power, will
have theright, the legal right, if this bill become
a law, to appear before us and to claim that all
the civil institutions, all tho rights—the rights
of liberty and property—which wc have shall
also be theirs as citizens-of the United States.
We are solemnly pledged to a foreign Power to
govern the people of these.States according
to the Federal Constitution, not by military
commissions nor by martial laws; and hence
what we are doing is not only in violation of
high moral principles, but in violation of a
most solemn treaty we have made with France
for the purchase of Louisiana.
The last words of the first section of this
bill are as follows:
And that thereafter said governments, if contin-
ued, were to be continued subicct in all respects to
the military commanders of the respective districts
and to tho authority of Congress.
No broader words can be used in a grant of
power. " Subjectin all respects to the military
commanders." If human genius had exerted
its greatest ingenuity to devise to rob the peo-
ple of their rights*and privileges, to degrade
aud dishonor a people, to trample twelve mil-
lion people under foot, it would have used
these very words: "subject in all respects to
the military commanders."
In the second section, Mr. Speaker, these
military commanders are given the power.—
To remove or suspend from office any municipal
or State officer or person exorcising authority under
or by virtue of any so-called State government ex-
isting in hit, disi.net; and the said officer so assigned
to command as aforesaid is hereby empowered to
appoint another person in tho stead of the officer or
person so removed, il lie shall deem proper so to do;
and whenever he may deem it necessary as aforesaid
to prohibit, suspend, or set aside any act or proceed-
ing of any such State or municipal government, or
any act or thing done under or by virtue of its
authoiity; and all aets heretofore done by any such
officer in accordance herewith shall be deemed valid.
All acts heretofore done shall be valid I Here
are embodied the most violent principles of
legislation, against which wo have attempted
to be guarded in the Constitution of the United
States. It is a law to be not only "retro-
spective," which might in some cases be justi-
fied, but a law " retroactive," which is unjusti-
fiable, and a law " ex post facto,'' which is in
defiance of the Constitution of the United
States. It affirms and legalizes all acts done
heretofore by any such officers. It is declared
that they shall be deemed valid.
Now, have the members of this House given
any attention to what we are legalizing, what
it is that is to be deemed valid? Before we
enter into that species of legislation I would
ask the honorable gentlemen 011 the other side
if they know how many military laws or edicts
they render valid? I beg them before they
proceed to the passage of this act to have
before them some military " Little & Brown"
codification of the laws which they are to ren-
der valid. Sir, I have read the Pandects of
Justinian, and I revere those Pandects as a
