538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
monument of human -wisdom. But here are
the edicts of Sickles and Sheridan, and no
man knows how many there are, and they are
all declared to be valid. Whoever before
heard of such blind, such fatal legislation?
All that Sickles has done, all that Sheridan
has done, is "valid;" mid yet I defy any lie-
publican member 011 this floor to tell me the
twentieth part of the things done and now
proposed to be enacted into law.
The genius of Sickles has been prolific of
edicts. I hold in my hand a batch of them
almost as voluminous as the Pandects of Jus-
tinian. He institutes edicts for the collection
of debts, modifies the existing laws for the
enforcement of judgments, utters decrees for
the payment of money, sets aside proceed-
ings instituted in the courts, prohibits in cer-
tain cases the right to bring suits, enjoins pro-
ceedings on execution for the term of twelve
months, giving new liens in certain cases,
establishes homestead exemptions, declares
what shall be a legal tender, abolishes in cer-
tain cases the remedy by foreign attachment,
abolishing bail as heretofore authorized in
cases ex contracto, but not in other cases known
as actions ex delicto, foe., &o. General order
No. 25 reads as follows:
"1. The distillation or manufacture of whisky or
other spirits from grain is prohibited in this military
district. Any person so engaged or employed will be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor. Tho possession of
a still or other apparatus for this purpose will be
considered presumptive evidence of a violation of tho
revenue laws, and tho party or parties using the same,
or on whose premises, orin whose possession thesamo
may be found, will be arrested and brought to trial
befora a military tribunal composed of tho command-
ing officer of the post and two officers of the Army
next in rank on duty within tho territorial limits of
tho post. If the exigencies of tho sorvico do not per-
mit tho detail of other officers, that fact will be duly
certified, and tho post commander will hoar and
determine the case."
And here all these extraordinary edicts of
Sickles relating to property and individual
rights are declared by the final lines of the
third section to bo valid and to be as laws of the
United States under tho Sickles monarchy of
tho Carolina!!.
Sir, T know not how many military orders
have been issued in all, from the five mon-
archies, but, from the best information I can
get, on computation I can Jjiake them some one
thousand in all. And here, groping in the dark,
without knowing what we do, we pronounce
all these edicts or orders, retrospective, retro-
active, or ex post facto; we pronounce them*
all to be legal or valid law.
The third section of this bill directs the re-
gistration I know not by how man}' boards in
the southern States, but I presume the com-
putation is small when I say that they must
number some two thousand in all, for they
have already cost $500,000, and a sum as much
more is necessary in order to keep them up.
These boards of registration are made up of
white, black, and mulatto, the black predomi-
nating in many cases, or the mulatto balanc-
ing the board, so that there shall be an equal
number, half white, half black. These boards
thus created are forbidden to regard the oath
which the citizen takes, and at their pleasure
they may strike ft-om the list the name of any
one already registered who in their judgment
improperly took the oath. And record evi-
dence is notto be required, but parole evidence
shall be sufficient. The evidence of any negro
or mulatto agaiustany white citizen will deprive
him of his right to vote. In all these doings
these two thousand boards of registry, white,
black and yellow, are " not to be bound or
governed in their action by any opinion of any
officer of the United States Government;" for
such are the words of the act.
What a government and registration you are
thus creating in the southern States! Over
two thousand boards with different laws, differ-
ent expositions of the laws, different construc-
tions to be given to them throughout, from the
Potomac to the Rio Grande; and however
diverse or adverse shall be that construction,
no opinion of any officer of the Government
is binding upon them, and there is to be no
uniformity of construction. Why, one of the
very blessings of Government is uniformity of
action and of law; but here you enact that
there shall be two thousand different laws of
registration, with no federal officer or any
other power to create uniformity. The white
man is given up to the negro, where negro reg-
isters predominate, or vice versa, if yon please,
and a premium is thus created to start a war of
racej,v
The fourth section of this act not only anni-
hilates all State courts—what yon have done
before—but it goes yet further, takes one new
step, and, for the first time, strikes at the Gov-
ernment of the United States by declaring—
That no civil court of the United States or of any
State shall have jurisdiction of any proceeding, civil
or criminal, against any such district commander, or
any officer or person acting by his authority for or
on account of the discharge of the duties imposed
upon him by this act.
At first you were but bold enough to strike
out of existence the State courts; but now you
are bold enough to strike out of existence the
courts of the United States—to destroy them at
one fell blow. Your ban is general against
courts and judges in any form. You seem to
have a horror of the wig or the gown, and to
trust only in epaulettes as fit governments for
the people of ten States.
The fifth section declares—
That no district commandershall bo relieved from
the eommaod assigned to him under the aforesaid
acts, unless the Senate shall have first advised and
consented thereto, or unless by sentence of court-
martial lie shall be cashiered or dismissed from tho
Army, or unless he shall consent to be so relieved.
Sir, I know not what the President of the
United States may do ; I know not what he
may feel it his duty to do; I know that he is
the executive officer of the United States, pro-
nounced at one time to be the Government of
the United States, against whom it was disloyal
to utter even a 'word of censure. I know that
he was the great power, the Brobdingnag of
this Government. But he has suffered himself
to bo bound by a sot of miserable Lilliputians,
and there in the eords with which they have
bound him, he struggles, but now struggles in
vain to free himself. Thus having bound him,
you now propose to reviolate the Constitution
(article two, section two,) and to take from him
the command of the Army of the United States.
You forbid him to exercise his constitutional au-
thority to post his generals where he thinks the
public interest demands. Sir, if I were Presi-
dent of the United States, before I put a veto
on this high-handed act, I would send Sheridan
to govern the States of Massachusetts and
Maine, to make or unmake their Governors,their
judges, their police, what their Representa-
tives seem to rejoice in when practiced upon
others; while I would send Sickles to Walrus-
sia to educate tho Esquimaux, or to bo edu-
cated by them in the principles of civil and
constitutional liberty. But you tell me you
would then impeach the President. Sir, there
are worse conditions than being impeached by
amutilated Congress of these United States, and
one of them is being used to destroy the Consti-
tution and Government of these United States.
I tell the President the only chance he now has
of being_ reelected President of the United
States is in being impeached by a Rump House,
and turned out by a Rump Senate, and the
Presiding Officer of that Senate being forced
into hisplace. Sir, if the revolution ends thus,
the historical end of all such revolutions as we
are passing through, and if we make Presi-
dent that gentleman who with Senators has
been "swinging round the circle" in Nebraska,
Missouri, and Kansas, there making, as re-
ported, agrarianspeeehes, a la Prudhomme of
the French Revolution, then, when we come to
his divisions of property, beginning here in this
House, say with the Representative from Bos-
ton, or the Representative from the Taunton
district, and ending with him from Lynn, then,
I saj% such will be the common revelry that in
the intoxication of our joy we may reelect
the present President of the United States.
By the Constitution; the higher law, the su-
preme law, the President is made commander
of the Army and Navy; and ho is faithless
to that Constitution if in the apprehension of
impeachment he suffers that power to depart
from him, as you propose in the fifth section of
this bill.
And now, as if this bill was not bad enough,
fierce enough, gentlemen after gentlemen pro-
pose to make it fiercer, to add to its ferocities.
The honorable gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Ashley] amends the bill by ordering all State,
county, and municipal officers to take the test
oath, in order to concentrate all local repre-
sentation in the military order. Another honora-
ble gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson,] from
whom I had expected better things, proposes to
punish any person who attempts to prevent or
obstruct the execution of these acts by a fine
of $5,000, to be levied by the military com-
mander, or imprisonment of one year, or both
the $5,000 fine and jail, as the military com-
mander may will. Another gentleman, from
Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin,] proposes to be less
merciful than his Maker, which is to allow no
presidential pardon to avail an unhappy south-
erner, but to keep himforever excluded from his
citizenship—his right to vote. There seems to
be a competition among gentlemen on the other
side to outbid each other in the arts of cruelty
and all the devices of degradation and punish-
ment; and we are indebted to the tender mer-
cies, it seems, of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevens] to save'us from another
Draconian code.
Mr. Speaker, I was about to be so much out
of order as to quote the Constitution of the
United States, and to show this House that this
bill could not be passed by men who have sworn
here to support that Constitution ; but I
forbear. I know there is but little, very little
respect for that instrument here, and some on
this floor have gone so far as to pronounce
it "played out." There is, however, some
respect felt in this House—more especially by
lawyers here—for what are known as Magna
Charta, the petition of rights, the bill of rights,
extorted by our British ancestors from their
kings. Hence I propose to go back to those
great eras of British liberty, in order, if pos-
sible, to arouse American lawyers here to the
n®ble defense of human rights, which British
lawyers have seldom or never failed to make.
In the most disastrous days of British history,
when all liberty seemed to be cloven down,
the British bar ever sent forth some brilliant men
to uphold Magna Charta and the bills of rights,
while I regret to say, the American bar, more
especially the Republican portion of the Amer-
ican bar, have failed us in the hour of trial. I
beg the Republican lawyers, then, in this House
to hear me read a chapter from Magna Charta.
which was extorted from King John in the
year 1215 by our semi-barbarous ancestors.
It will be well understood, although it is in
monkish Latin, not in the classic style of
Horace or Tacitus or Sallust:
"Nullus liber homo oapiatur, vclomprisonotur, aut
di^seiaiaturdo libcro tcnemento sus, vel libertatibus,
vel liberis consuetudinis suis, aut utlageter, aut ex-
ulit, aut aliquo modo destruatur; nec super cum
ibimus, nec super oum mittemus, nisi per leyalo
judicium parium suorum, vel per legem terrse. Nu'ii
vendemes, nulli negabimus, aut differemus roctum
vel justitiam."
Which is thus translated :
"No freeman shall be taken, or imprisoned, ordis-
seized of his freehold or his liberties or free customs,
or bo outlawed or banished, orin any waydestroyed;
and wo will not pass upon him, nor condemn him
but by the lawful judgment of his peers, or by tho
laws of the land. "We will sell (referring to justice
and its administration) to no man, and we will not
deny nor defer either right or justice to any man."
This was as long ago as 1215. The confir-
matio chartarum in the reign of King Edward
was in 1297 ; and in the reign of King Henry
III, there was a like declaration. The right
of trial by jury, by a jury of his peers, was
guaranteed to every British-born subject in the
barbarous ages. But here, in this Congress,
in spite of the Declaration of Independence,
here, in this mournful year 1807, twelve mil-
lions of human beings, white and black, are
denied all trial before their peers, all courts
or processes of law; and we propose to enact
a measure more barbarous in principle, more
