1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
539
indefensible than any of the violent and extra-
ordinary acts of King Johji, from whom the
British barons extorted this charter.
Sir, if there is no respect paid to the bar-
barous Latin of this declaration extorted from
King John by the barons at Runnymede, I trust
some respect will be paid to the illustrious
spirits of our own history who in the last gen-
eration, in all the States of this Union, copied
from Magna Charta and embodied in their
various State constitutions similar principles
of human liberty.
North Carolina is one of the States that you
propose to strike out of this Union—North
Carolina, where originated the Declaration of
Independence—the Mecklenburg declaration,
which was adopted some time before Mr. Jef-
ferson had drafted the Declaration put forth
by the Continental Congress. The first decla-
ration of the State of North Carolina contains
these provisions:
" That all political power is vested in and derived
from tho people only.
" That the pcoplo of this State ought to havo the
sole and exclusive right of regulating tho internal
government and police thereof.
"'That no freeman shall be put to answer any
criminal charge, but by indictment, presentment or
impeachment.
" That no freeman shall be convictod of any crime
but by the unanimous verdict of a jury of good and
lawful men in open court, as heretofore used.
" That no freeman ought to be taken, imprisoned;
or dissoized of his freehold, liberties, or privileges, or
outlawed, or exiled, or in any manner destroyed, or
deprived of his life, liberty, or property, but. by the
law of the land.
"That the people have a right to bear arms for the
defense of tho State; and as standing armies in time
of peaco are dangerous to liberty they ought not to
be kept up; and that the military should be kept
under strict subordination to, and governed by, the
civil power."
ButNorth Carolina is asouthern State. Icall
the attention of gentlemen, then, from Massa-
chusetts to their own principles of liberty, their
own declaration of rights:
" Art. 1. All men are born free and equal, and
have certain natural, essential, and inalienable
rights; among which may be reckoned the right of
enjoying and defending their lives and liberties;
that of acquiring, possessing, and protecting prop-
erty ; in fine, that of seeking and obtaining thoir
safety and happiness."
"5. All power residing originally iirfhe people, and
being derived from them, thesever.il magistrates and
officers of government vested with authority, whother
legislative, executive or judicial, aro their substitutes
and agents, and are at all times accountable to them.
"10. Basil individual of tho society has a right to
bo protected by it, in tho enjoyment of his life, lib-
erty and property, according to the standing laws."
* * * No part of the property of any indi-
vidual can with justice bo taken from him or applied
to the publio use without liis own consent, or that of
the representative body of tho people. In fine, the
people of this Commonwealth are not controllable by
any other laws than thoso to which their constitu-
tional representative body have given their consent.
"12. * *' * * No person shall be arrested,
imprisoned or despoiled, or deprived of his property,
immunities or privileges, put out of the protection of
tho law, exiled or deprived of his life, liberty or
estate, but by the judgment of his peers, or the law
of the land.
" And the Legislature shall not make any law that
shall subject any person to a capital or infamous pun-
ishment (excepting for the government of tho Army
and Navy) without trial by jury." .
The charter of New Hampshire is fuller
than this of these great principles of liberty.
I have not time to read them. The charter of
Vermont is even yet fuller than that of New
Hampshire. In those days the New England
people were faithful to liberty. They were
never before as unfaithful to the liberty of their
own white race as now to eight millions of
their own skin, color, and organization.
• Sir, the Declaration of Independence in
numerous sections condemns in spirit and
intent the whole principle of this bill, and I
do not wonder that on the 4th of July last, the
Republican party failed to celebrate it as here-
tofore, for this Declaration of Independence
cannot be read now in a Republican assembly
without making every Republican blush.
I know I am to be told that we havo the
power, as the South is a conquered people,
to pass the bill; that the Constitution is abro-
gated there and that by the rights of conquest
we can make this extraordinary law. Sir, the
honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] who introduced this bill, proposed
at firstonly confiscation, but here is an enslave-
ment of twelve millions of human beings in
this bill. First it abrogates all their rights of
property. The liberty of the citizen is entirely
m the hands of the military commanders. The
life of every man is at the absolute disposal of
one man, and that man the President of the
United States. Tell me, oh, tell me not, then,
of four million black people having been eman-
cipated from chattel slavery when by this act
you impose a cruel legal slavery in its most
odious forms, without the right of property,
liberty, or life, without any personal right, upon
eight million white human beings, a worse than
chattel slavery.
_ I deny, sir, that there is anything which jus-
tifies confiscation, or the passage of such an
act under the right of conquest. I coukl read
whole chapters from Grotins, or Vattel, or
Puffendorf, and from Wheaton and Story and
Kent, which condemn this bill. It is in utter
defiance of natural, and national, and constitu-
tional law, and I say to you now that may be
concerned in it, many of you will live to repent
of the tyranny here about to be perpetrated, as
bygone tyrants have repented of like tyranny
perpetrated upon their people.
I might cite the prize cases if I had time
and show that they condemn the principles of
this bill. All history condemns it too. Rome
was built up in utter defiance of the princi-
ples of this bill. Rome governed every country,
not by conquest and subjugation such as you
propose, but by assimilating the conquered
subjects with Roman citizens, by giving them
Roman rights and Roman privileges and Ro-
man citizenship, while hero are eight million
white human beings whom you deprive of every
right of an American citizen. Even tho Tar-
tars, when they conquered China, did not de-
stroy the institutions of China, but assimilated
their institutions with those of the conquered.
And when Cyrus conquered the Assyrians of old,
herespected their rights and privileges,and guar-
antied to them all the liberties they possessed.
There is no parallel in history for this bill
but that of the infamous conduct of the Duke
of Alva, in Spain. Answer me not that he de-
stroyed twenty thousand lives, for here you
destroy what is more precious than life : the
right of a man to his liberty, the sentiment that
he is a man, that he is equal before other men.
Why, sir, I had rather lose my life a thou-
sand times than live under the government of
these five monarchs as established by the in-
famo«s principles of this infamous bill. Our
English ancestors, even Charles II, after the
bloodiest of civil wars, gave peerages to Monk
and Fleetwood and a mitre to Baxter, while
you only give military tyrants to your people,
and declare a total abnegation of their rights.
Even Louis XVIII, though a Bourbvon, made
marshals and statesmen of Bonapartists, while
you have exerted in this bill all of your
ingenuity to deprive the white people of their
right to vote. When Hungary was subju-
gated and overthrown the Emperor of Aus-
tria did not exert such tyrannical power over
the Huns, for he gave them a constitution
and he gave them a parliament, while you
take away from the southern people their con-
stitution and laws, and refuse them represent-
ation in the national legislature. The Duke
of Wellington and Sir Robert Peel, two great
tories, were more liberal and merciful to the
Irish people than you are to the people of the
South. Although O'Connell was the insti-
gator of riots in Ireland, the Dukeof Welling-
ton and his party did not refuse him a seat as
a member of Parliament from the county of
Clare, while you shut out the Kentucky delega-
tion from seats here simply for the reason that
they differ from you in politics, and for that
and that alone. *
Sir, I deprecate the passage of this bill in its
effect upon the people of the southern country.
Far better would it be for that land, from the
Potomac to the Rio Grande, to be as it was
one hundred and fifty years ago, a howling
wilderness, than to be subjected to the' amal-
gamation of races which you are proposing in
this bill. Our country is now made up of
many different races, not only Caucasian, Mon-
golian, Indian, Chinese, and Japanese about to
come here in the Pacific steamers by thousands,
and at last the Esquimaux: but you have se-
lected theleastintelligent, thepoorest informed,
except the Esquimaux; you have selected the
African to share with you copartnership in
Government, while your own wives and
children, your minor boys are shut out from
the right of suffrage. You have given to the
negro equality^ and copartnership with the
white man. Sir, it is impossible for these two
races, in my judgment,, ever to live together
on terms of intimacy, amity, and friendship, as
you propose in this bill. You have stored up
and are yet storing up for them the elements
of awful strife which will produce a perpetual
conflict of races.
Sir, the negro Haytien is wiser than you.
He allows no white man to own real estate on
that island. The black Liberian is wiser than
you. He allows no white man to share with
him the government of that country. The
experiment in Jamaica of a mingled govern-
ment has broken down, and all free govern-
ment there is absorbed by the British Parlia-
ment, which now through orders in council,
disregarding both whites and blacks, exercises
supreme power. Nowhere on earth has ever
this mixed government succeeded.
One race is superior to another. God so
ordained, and no fiat or authority of yours can
bring down the Caucasian to the African, or
bring np the African to the Caucasian. All
efforts, all struggles will be in vain. And this
is no new experiment. It has been tried
throughout the whole of Spanish America.
Juarez, a half Indian, now governor and ruler
of Mexico, is just now showing there the bar-
baric character of this mingled Government of
unnaturally associated races, while the numer-
ous other Spanish-negro-Indian hybrid States
there, are almost all of them in constant civil
war, armies running and overrunning one
another, with the blood of the white man and the
blood of the negro both deteriorated by thu3
commingling, andyet here this rash, this fearful,
this dreadful experiment! No, not an experi-
ment, for experience has already shown that it
never can succeed. You propose to mix and
mingle the twelve millions of your countrymen
in thesouthern States of the Union. You take
themostignorant, the mostuneducated, the most
brutish of the population and give them absolute
control in'boardsof registration or through the
ballot-box. It needs not the eye of prophecy,
it needs no skill of divination to foretell what
must be the effect of such a crime as this, for
all history shows you what has been its effect
and pronounces what it will be hereafter.
But, sir, I find that I must draw to a close,
and allow me to say in doing so that I know
just now you are here above public opinion, not
only the public opinion of this country, but of
the world. But there is an unwritten law, there
is a law of God that embodies itself in public
opinion, which hereafter will hold you respon-
sible for the destruction of the institutions of
your country. You may overthrow the Con-
stitution, you may press the previous question
upon us and allow us but half a day for the
discussion of the great principles of this bill,
but history, posterity, will do us justice. I
have long been in public life, but this is none
the proudest hour of that life, if I am never
able to speak again, to remonstrate here in this
House, and to make a record of this remon-
strance against the outrageous, the infamous
principles of this tyrannical military bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire now to make a
correction which I rose to make when tho
gentleman was speaking, not knowing of his
request at the outset not to be interrupted. If
I understood him right he stated that the Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] had recently, on
his western tour, made a speech in which he
avowed agrarian sentiments; and among other
things advocated an equal division of property.
If the gentleman so stated I wish to say that
that Senator has utterly denied the expression
of any such sentiment. I deem it due to the
