540
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
Senator from my State that the misrepresent-
ation should be corrected here and placed on
record.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, there are some
propositions that it is almost impossible to dis-
cuss ; there are some so palpable that an attempt
at elucidation appears ridiculous; there are
others so absurd that any attempt to prove by
argument a negative appears preposterous.
The legislation proposed partakes very much
,of this character. Besides, in the time allowed
me by the limit of debate upon this question, I
shall not attempt a discussion of the principles
involved. I have not risen for any such pur-
pose. I propose to offer to gentlemen on the
other side, and especially to those gentlemen
■who have charge of this measure, some prac-
tical suggestions, not designed to be factious
nor to excite them into greater hostility to the
restoration of the Union, but to prevent if
possible the further prolongation of recon-
struction, and to produce a finality in regard
to it, so that the people of the South may be
satisfied that a bottom has been reached.
The bill before the House is by its title a
bill supplementary to the acts of March 2 and
March 23, 18G7. By its provisions it is declar-
atory of the intention and scope of those acts.
Jt is therefore part and parcel of the scheme
of reconstruction, and is directly connected
with the whole question. To a proper under-
standing of thossubject, it is necessary to refer
to antecedent events. At the close of the war
President Johnson, acting doubtless from proper
motives, essayed to restore the States, the rebel-
lious States, to their proper relations to the
Federal Government. He issued proclama-
tions, appointed provisional governors, and
threw the mantle of Federal power and pro-
tection over that people. Though there may
be a doubt as to the power of the President to
furnish officials for the local governments of
States, yet what he did in this instance was
from patriotic and philanthropic motives. This
was the condition of matters on the assembling
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress in December,
lKfifi. Nothing had been definitely settled.
Everything remained there in an unadjusted
and disorganized state, and continued so until
the act of March 2, 18G7. In the meanwhile
those people were without protection, without
law, order, or government. They were there
between the upper and the nether millstones—
between an element to some extent unrecon-
ciled to the Government of the Unit'ed States,
and another clement more dangerous to their
well-bein^. Yet Congress for two whole years
left them in that condition.
Upon the 2d of March, 1807, Congress
passed the original act to which it is now pro-
posed to add this amendment. What were the
provisions of that act? We are told that this
session of Congress would have had no exist-
ence except for the fact that the provisions of
that act have been wrongfully construed by the
law officer of the Government. Sir, that act
is very simple; its provisions are very few;
and^ its language, in my judgment, is very ex-
plicit. I do not belieyc that there is any law-
yer in this House,' nor indeed any man in the
United States, who, if he will throw aside his
political interests or prejudices, can have any
difficulty in its construction. It proposes to
admit the southern States into the Union by a
certain process. It proposes that the process
shall begin with a division of that territory into
five military districts. It gives to the Presi-
dent of the United States the power to appoint
the commanding general of each of those dis-
tricts. The original proposition was to gjive to
General Grant this power. That was m the
first instance the determination of the majority
in both Houses of Congress, to override that
part of the Constitution which makes the Pres-
ident the chief executive of the Government
of this country. But upon consultation they
feared to adopt a provision so palpably in vio-
lation of the fundamental law ; and instead of
passing the military bilL originally proposed,
they provided that the President of the United
States should appoint those generals. In this
regard, at least, they left the bill free from the
objection which had been made to it.
The power of these commanding generals
was fully and unequivocally declared as con-
fined to the protection of all persons in their
person and property, &c. Congress ad-
journed, and immediately upon the adjourn-
ment the present Congress commenced its
session. It was soon discovered that there were
defects in the law of March 2; defects, not so
far as concerned the principles of the act, but
in the machinery by which the registers were
to be made up and the voting to be accom-
plished. For the purpose of remedying those
defects the act of March 23 was passed.
Congress, sir, shortly afterward adjourned.
These generals had been appointed. They had
repaired to their several departments. They
commenced, honestly and in good faith, I doubt
not, to carry out the provisions which Congress
had adopted for the reconstruction of those
States. They soon differed among themselves
as to what the construction of those provisions
should be. The commanding general of the
Department of Virginia came personally to
the capital and appealed to the President and
the Cabinet to give him directions with regard
to his duties under the law. Others wrote to
the President making similar requests. In the
mean time they went on administering their
duties on principles in antagonism with each
other.
What did the President do? What was the
duty of the President under these circum-
stances? I know, sir, that General Jackson
would have given a construction to the law;
and I know that he would not only have given
a construction to it, but he would have de-
manded that that construction should be prac-
tically carried out by these subordinate mili-
tary executive officers. But, sir, the present
President asked for a construction of the law
at the hands of the law-officer of the Govern-
ment, whose duty it is under the law to give
advice to the President and the other officials
of the Government, including all the heads of
the Departments. Was there anything wrong
in the President thus asking the law-officer to
give his construction of this law? Suppose
the President had acted on his own judgment
with regard to its construction, and had de-
manded that these military officers should ex-
ecute the law according to his understanding
of its intent, what would have been said in
that case? What food would have been given
for declamation and denunciation by his tra-
ducers. It would have been called an impu-
dent arrogation of power. But, sir, he did
not do it. The law-officer of the Government
—a lawyer, no politician, certainly no parti-
san—takes up those two acts, carefully exam-
ines their provisions and renders his opinions.
Upon those opinions the President acts so far
as transmitting their conclusfonsto the officers
whose duty it is to respect them and to con-
form to them.
Mr. Speaker, the present session has been
called and has its existence as the consequence
of these opinions of the Attorney General.
Wo are told ironically that we "are called
together by Mr. Stanbery." Resolutions have
been introduced into this House of the most
derogatory and insulting character, in their
aim to ridicule the Attorney General. There
is no attempt to criticise those opinions. No
one attempts to show their fallacy, or to prove
that they are contrary to the spirit and the let-
ter of the law. No, sir, we have abuse instead.
We are told that this is an usurpation of power;
that the President, through his Attorney Gen-
eral, is determined to throw obstructions in the
way of reconstruction, and hence is furnished
the pretext upon which this measure is reported
to the House.
Sir, this bill in its first section is absurd.
There is no lawyer in this House who will read
the section and say it is not absurd and
ridiculous:
. That it hereby declared to have been the true
<">4 59,a,mnS of the act of the 2d day of March,
tow, entitle# An act to provide for the more efficient
government of the rebel States," and of the act sup-
plementary thereto, passed on the 2Jd day of March,
in the year 1867, that the governments then existing
in the rebel States of Virginia, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Georgia, Mis.'issippi. Alabama, Louisiana,
Florida, Texas, and Arkansas were illegal and void;
and that thereafter said governments, if continued,
were to be continued subject in all respects to the
military commanders of the respective districts, and
to the authority of Congress.
It declares that those governments were null
and void. If they were null and void then they
have been absolutely destroyed. Made void is
annihilation. They then have no existence;
and although the declaration itself is false—for
the act of March 2 does in letter recognize them
as existing through provisional existence—
these governments are null and void. What
then? In the same section it is provided:
"and that thereafter said governments, if con-
tinued, were to be continued," &c. In the
first clause the thing is dead, and in the second
clause it is not dead. They are to be contin-
ued under the direction of the military com-
manders.
Now, sir, that must lead to future litigation
unless it is now corrected. It must lead to
different constructions. "The dead liveth."
These State governments are declared to have
been destroyed, and that it was so intended by
the act of March 2; yet it is provided that
they are to be continued. How can you con-
tinue that which is defunctus officii? Death
is death, legally and politically as well as phys-
ically. "Yet if continued," then they are to
be subject to the military commanders.
Mr. Speaker, does that clause declare the
truth? As I have before stated, that bill recog-
nizes the existence of civil State governments.
It declares them to be provisional. Still they
have been recognized. It was not intended by
act of Congress to abolish the regulations for
the protection of property. All the municipal
regulations for the protection of life and prop-
erty were recognized. It was a principle of
the former bill, and that was the construction
put upon the la*w at the time by the leading
men of this House, including the distinguished
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sheli.abaegep.,]
also by the distinguished Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Sheuiiax,] and also by the distinguished
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilsox.]
Therefore it was not only the provision of the
bill that these governments were continued,
although provisional, but such was the declared
intent of the act at the time it was beingpassed
by the two Houses.
N#w, sir, with reference to the second sec-
tion, it declares that these generals have the
power—
To remove or suspend from office any municipal or
St<itc officer or person exercising authority under or
by virtue of any so-calledState government existing
in his di^rict; and the said officer so assigned to
command as aforesaid is hereby empowered to
appoint another person in the stead of the officer or
person so removed.
Why, sir, have these generals a right under
the constitution of the United States to do
this? The Constitution explicitly declares who
shall appoint subordinate officers. Is there
any part of that instrument more plain than
that section which refers to the power of the
President to appoint all subordinate officers ?
But these commanding generals are empow-
ered to appoint whom? Local State officers?
No; the very moment that a commandite gen-
eral removes a governor or a judge, of ar_y
other State officer and appoints another in his
place, appointees become Federal officers.
They lose their character as State officers be-
cause they derive their appointment from aa
officer who derives his appointment from the
President of the United States. They become
subordinate Federal officials. The Constitu-
tion declares plainly and palpably that the
President shall appoint all subordinate officers
of the Government, except in certain cases
specified.
Now, Mr. Speaker, who is to pay these
appointees of these generals? The Slate gov-
ernments will not pay them, for they do not
recognize them. Who is to make pecuniary
provision for the payment of these ©fficials
