1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
541
which your generals appoint at their pleasure?
And here let me say that thp expenses already
incurred amount to the sum appropriated at
the last session, although the registration is
scarcely commenced. The $500,000 is already
exhausted, and Major General Sickles declares
that he wants $500,000 in his own department;
and not only does he want $500,000, but he
wants the Navy as well. This imperial despot,
who assumes the right to sit in judgment over
two great States of the Union, who absorbs
within his own person civil, military, judicial,
and political power, wapts $500,000 for him-
self and his .dependents, and wants in addition
to that the Navy of the United States to aid
him in doing what? Oppressing the poor,
impoverished, ruined, defenseless people of
South and North Carolina.
_ Bat what further power do you propose to
give to the generals by this section? l-'To
prohibit, suspend, or set aside any act or pro-
ceeding of any such State or municipal gov-
ernment.'1 Why, sir, they can annul the mar-
riage contract under this provision. They can
declare legitimacy illegitimate. "Any act or
proceeding of any such State government."
There is no restriction, no limitation. Con-
tracts between man and man, relations be-
tween husband and wife, between father and
son, the social and domestic, the religious and
political relations of these people are put under
the direction, power, and control of Major Gen-
eral Dan. Sickles and his compatriots estab-
lished by Congress. Is that designed? I want
Congress to say so openly and frankly. I want
no covert act intending to impart power with-
out explicitly declaring it. I want no further
constructive acts or declaratory statutes as to
what they intended. If that power is intended
to be given (a power not possessed by the Czar
of Russia, a power that no monarch in Europe,
Asia, or Africa would dare to exercise, or if
he did, could not exercise it for twenty-four
hours) then they have power to do anything.
If that is the design and object of this act why
not say so in the bill? I am only surprised, in
view of what has been done and what is being
done, that you hesitate in openly and manfully
declaring what you do design by conferring such
extraordinary powers on military commanders.
The Constitution of the United States de-
clares that our government is one of three
coordinate powers—the Legislature to make
the laws, the Executive to enforce them, and
the J udiciary to construe them. But here it
is attempted by act of Congress to place the
military power beyond control or responsibility
for any act which they may do, for any robbery
or murder which they may commit. The mil-
itary authorities are by this proposed bill
placed where no court of the United States
and no court of any State can reach them.
Sir, is that law? Is that justice? Is that
philanthropy? Is it in accordance with the
spirit of this age of great moral ideas? Has
humanity no claims upon the consideration of
the party in power? Is it intended that brig-
adier generals shall be clothed with power
which no law, human or divine, can reach ?
If so, say so. Do not phrase it in ambiguous
language, leaving upon the mind of the ordinary
reader a doubt as to what is intended. Let it
be so said, plainly and palpably, that those
who run may read.
But, Mr. Speaker—
"The evil that men do lives after them;
The good is often interred with their bones."
Remember that precedents are now being
established in a government founded upon pop-
ular opinion, liable to the impulses of the
people surging backward and forward from one
extreme to the other; remember that in a
popular government, where the people after
all will control, the poisoned chalice may be
returned to the lips of those who now present
it to these people of the South. God forbid that
any party should succeed this one who would
follow their outrageous, inhuman, brutal,
bloody examples. But, sir, in this country, as
in all other popular governments, no man can
say what may not be done by the impulse of the
people. Hence I warn gentlemen against the
consequences of thus declaring by act of'Con-
gress that military officers of the Government
shall be subject to no power whatever, human
or divine.
Again, it is provided by this bill that no dis-
trict commander shall be relieved until the
Senate consents to it. The civil tenure bill
was bad enough; but under that act the Pres-
ident could remove or suspend upon proper
charges, referring them to the Senate, to be
passed upon afterward. How is it in this case?
No one will deny that these are executive offi-
cers. You gave the President power to appoint
them. The Constitution declares that it is his
duty to see that the laws are faithfully executed.
He is their official superior. Suppose that any
o# those officers should commit any of the
outrages which you propose to give them power
to commit, where is the authority of the Presi-
dent during I he recess of the Senate to act upon
the matter and remove or suspend them? They
can snap their lingers in his face, as they have
done already in one or two instances. They
can disregard all the powers of the Govern-
ment. By this bill they are made directly
amenable to no power but Congress; and Con-
gress is to ad]ourn in a few days, not to meet
again, I hope, until next December.
Mr. Speaker, I have already transcended the
time allowed to me in this discussion. One
word in conclusion. Make your bill so plain,
if you please, make its provisions so stringent
that there can be no doubt as to its intent. Do
not forget that the injuries inflicted upon the
people of the South by this delay, by this un-
certainty, by these continual amendments of
the law under which they are to live and act,
constitute an outrage and an injury for which
they have no remedy. Make your finality.
They care not what you may do. They have
now considerations deeper to them than that
of suffrage. I tell you, sir, that the people of
the South are entirely indifferent as to whether
yon allow them to vote or not. They want
bread ; they want security for life, liberty, and
property; they want you to withdraw the mili-
tary, which is exercising a despotic and de-
structive influence over their industry and of
their social organization. They want to be
allowed to enjoy their domestic and social in-
stitutions in peace and security. These are
dearer rights than that conventional right of
going to the ballot-box and depositing a vote.
Give them this security. Give them rest.
You punished them during the war, you
punished them at the close of the war, and
you have been punishing them every hour
since the close of the war. Your military
satraps are among them. They have no
rights. The negroes can butcher them and
do butcher them. White females are left at
the mercy of the brutality of their former
slaves, while if a white man inflicts the least
possible punishment upon a negro it is sent
abroad to the country and is used as an argu-
ment for party purposes and to keep the south-
ern people out of the Union which their fathers
fought to establish and to which they now
honestly desire to return.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let these people come
back again into the Union. Let us once more
be friends. Let us avail ourselves of their
industry and their agricultural products, revive
the credit of the country and reduce the taxa-
tion which is now bearing us all down. They
are Americans as well as ourselves. In the
meantime let us act fairly and justly and do
our work so .that hereafter there will be no
necessity for further legislation. Let us have
a finality and forever settle this question, but
upon principles not so repugnant to law, jus-
tice, and mercy.
The SPEAKER. General debate has now
closed under the notice given by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania yesterday.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I now
desire to ask for the previous question, for the
purpose of ending this debate. I understand
there are two amendments pending.
The SPEAKER. There are t*jo amend-
ments pending, one offered by'tlie gentleman
from Missouri, and one offered by the gentle-
man from Iowa.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
to correct an error in the printed bill, in the
following section:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That no district
commander shall be relieved from the command
assigned to him under the aforesaid acts unless the
benate shall havefirst advised and consented thereto,
or unless by sentence of court-martial ho shall be
cashiered or dismissed from the Army, or uuloss ho
shall consent to bo so relieved.
I move to strike out line six, and to insert:
Or in arrest for an offense punishable by dismissal
from the Army and disqualified by sickness from the
performance of his duties.
The correction, by unanimous consent, was
accordingly made.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman to
allow me to have my amendment read.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Yes, sir.
The Clerk read as follows :
That for the purpose of carrying out this or any
other act of Congress all persons shall be considered
as m the military or naval service as officers of tho
UnitedStates from the date of their being borne upon
their respective Army and Navy registers as cadets,
midshipmen, or acting midshipmen.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will state that I offer
that because those who left the Naval School
or the Military Academy as'cadets or midship-
men and went into the rebel service have been
construed not to be such persons as^are referred
to in the law as having been officers in the
United States service. I do not believe in
that construction, and I wish to avoid its being
made hereafter.
Mr. BAKER. I have the gentleman's con-
sent to have the following amendment read :
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. —. And be it farther enacted, That all the pro-
visions of this act and of the acts to which this U
supplementary shall be construed liberally, to the end
that all the intents of this act and of said acts may
bo fully and perfectly carried out.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. If there
is no objection that may be added as a part of
the bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask the Clerk to read an
amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Amend the second section by striking out and
inserting as follows:
Sec. 2. All officers holding under the authority of
such pretended governments, and not by virtue of
any legal authority whatever, are hereby removed
from their respective offices at tho expiration of
thirty days from the passage of this act, or sooner
upon appointment of their successors as hereinafter
piovxded; and it shall be the duty of theoflicer as-
signed to the commandof any military district, under
any of tho acts to which this is a supplement, to fill
the vacancies in said otfices within said thirty days,
or as soon as may be thereafter, by appointing only
loyal men thereto, without distinction of race or
color, who can take the oath of office prescribed by
an act approved July 2, 18(52, which appointments
shall take effect Iroin the date when the vacancies
shall happen; and sitch commanding general may
remove such officers at any time. And whenever
such commander may deem it necessary for the due
pcrtonnance of his duty under said acts or either of
thcra, or this act, to piohibit, suspend, or set aside
any act or proceeding uf any such State or munici-
pal government, or any act or thing dono under or
by virtue of the authority of the same, he is empow-
ered so to do ; and all acts heretofore done bv such
commanding general in so removing such officers,
or in prohibiting, suspending, or setting aside any
such act, or proceeding, or thing done under such
authority, arc hereby made valid.
Mr. COBURN. I desire to have an amend-
ment read.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Well, I
shall not object to that.
Mr. COBURN. I move to add to the bill
what I now send to the Chair.
The Clerk read the proposed amendment, as
follows:
Add the following sections:
Sec. —. If any person shall alter, mutilate, add
to, or destroy any registration of electors made pur-
suant to this law and those to which it is supple-
mentary, he shall be fined and imprisoned at tho
discretion of a military commission.
Skc.*—-. If any officer or person employed to make
such registry shall falsely and fraudulently make tho
same, he shall be fined and imprisoned at the dis-
cretion of a military commission.
Snc. —. If any officer of an election held pursuant
to this act, and tho acts to which it i<? supplementary,
shall allow persons not registered to vote, or shall
