544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
emboldened you to claim as legitimate what,
less practiced in the vice, your silence admitted
was usurpation. With what agonizing struggle
between conscience and party has the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] come to see
in this bill "American Magna Oharta," justice
and liberty regulated by law? What has
brought him in harmony with the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Steyens] and the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler?]
How much more harmonious and expeditious
would have been the action of the central
caucus directory of fifteen if the gentleman from
Ohio had have bowed his meek and lowly
head at the beginning as he doe^now—if he
could have seen at the first "American Magna
Charta" inabilt declaring the governments of
ten of the States of this Union absolutely void,
and per consequence the States as such
destroyed?
This is an extraordinary session of this Con-
gress—an extraordinary occasion, it is claimed,
has called for this extraordinary bill. This is
the only measure to be acted upon: the reso-
lution of the House excludes all other legisla-
tion ; and the necessity of this is charged upon
the President. Now,,! ask what has he done?
He vetoed the bill, and it was passed over his
veto. But what has he done to impede or ob-
struct the purposes of the act ? Did he assign
bad men to the command of the several depart-
ments, or even to any one of them ? There has
been no such complaint by the majority of this
House even up to the present moment. What,
then, has he done to obstruct or hinder the
accomplishment of the purposes of the act or
the purposes you had in view in its passage ?
Has he made any order or promulgated any
command calculated to do any such thing ? It'
so, what is it and to whom was it given?
But you say the Attorney General has given
a construction to the act which circumscribes
or limits the authority of the commanders of
the departments. I answer the department
generals had asked for advice upon the act.
You had passed the bill as usual linder the
operation of the previous question, thereby
prohibiting all debate and all proper considera-
tion of the measure, and these generals had
doubts about its meaning; they differed in
opinion upon it, some construing it one way
and some another. The President, as was his
duty, referred those requests to the Attorney
General, the law officer of the Government, for
his opinion and advice. lie considers it care-
fully and gives his opinion. And, sir, who of
this House has denied or even dared to criticise
one of his conclusions? No lawyer here has
ventured to put himself in opposition to that
opinion. And I venture the opinion that, so
iur as they had considered it, one half of the
Republican members of this House agreed
with the Attorney General's opinion of the
law at the last session. I appeal to the hon-
orable gentleman from the Pittsburg district
of Pennsylvania, and the honorable gentleman
from the Cleveland district of Ohio, than whom
there arc no abler lawyers on that side of the
House, if they had any opinion at the time
that bill was under consideration that we were
by it directly or expressly conferring the enor-
mous power upon these military departmental
officers of removing at their will at^d pleasure
a governor of a State or a judge of a court?
Was it supposed that the little satrap at New
Orleans was, under that bill, to make and
unmake governors, judges, and mayors? Who
of us dreamed that such things could be done
except by gross abuse of power, by usurpa-
tion?
It might have been expected from the mcrry-
andrew of that department as an act of unau-
thorized military power, but who believed it
was conferred by the act? Under what pro-
vision was it thought to be granted? Where
do you find it? There is 110 such language as
you employ in this bill to express and confer
it. I he President has not interfered even as
1 think he ought. He has not turned the
usurper—the insulter of his superior, his su-
pieme commander—out of otHce, or even turned
him over to a court-martial for trial. All is
going on there as though this officer had law
and right and justice in his administration, and
for all he is doing and would do.
But the great wrong of the President is
found in the fact that he ordered the time for
the registration in the State of Louisiana to be
extended till the 1st day of August. What if
he has? Does that delay or impede or obstruct
the execution of the aet improperly or un-
wisely? The aet provides for extension till
the 1st day of September, and this bill to any
day prior to the 1st day of October. But what
has the harlequin of the Louisiana department
clone himself in the way of extension of the
time for registration? He, who claims the
opinion of the Attorney General and the exten-
sion of time to the 1st day of August by the
President opens a " broad macadamized road
for perjury and fraud to travel on."
By a telegram dated New Orleans, June
18, General Sheridan informs General Grant
at Washington that he has extended the
registration in the parish of Orleans until the
30th of June, and that he will extend the time
in some of the other parishes until the 10th of
July. This seems to have been done on his
own motion and without order from the Presi-
dent. It seems.to have been done, too, when
the subject was known to be under considera-
tion by the President and the Attorney Gen-
eral :
Received 12:45 p. m.
New Orleans, Louisiana, June 18, 1867.
General U. S.Gb.int,
Commanding Armies of the United States :
I havctho honor to rcporfcthatlhavoextcndedthc
registration in the parish of Orleans until the 30th of
June, at which time registratio will beclosed in this
city. Iu the State there are now eighty thousand
(80,000) voters registered, which indicates that the
registration in tne State is nearly completed. In
1860 the vote of the State was fifty thousand, (50,000.)
I will extend the time until tenth (10th) July in some
of the parishes where the population is large, so as
to give 110 just grounds for complaint. I have to say
again that the registration throughout the State has
been harmonious, the boards having been kindly
received everywhere.
P. II. SHERIDAN,
Major General Commanding.
And, sir, before any reply to the above is
sent to him he extends again the time to the
15th day of July throughout the State of
Louisiana, as will be seen by his own telegram
to General Grant, dated the 21st of June, and
received on the same day in Washington:
Office United States Military Tjlegrai'H.
Telegram received at War Department.
Washington, District of Columbia, June 21,18G7.
From Sew Orleans, Juno 21,1887.
Genet, u,: I have extended the registration in the
State of Louisi ma until the 15th of July. I consider
the legist ration now nearly closed, but deemed it
best to give liUetn djys graco. I wrote you some
time a .go about the necessity l\n additional funds.
Some will be necessary, hut not as much as 1 expected.
My expenses so f;ir are only thirty-six thousand
(&oG,0U0) dollars. Otirsystem hasbeenveiycomplete,
thorough, and economical.
P. II. SIIERTDAN,
major General United States Army.
Goneral U. S. Grant,
Commanding Armies United States.
Now, sir, let it be observed that it is on this
same 21st day of June that the order of the
President to extend the time till the 1st day
of August is telegraphed to General Sheridan.
By this order it will be seen that so far as the
extension of th<; registration is concerned the
'•broad and macadamized road for perjury an4
fraud" is opened by himself to within fifteen
days of the time iixed by the President, and
this, too, by his own voluntary act:
War Department,
Washington City, June 21, 18G7.
Major Genern} Sheridan,
Commanding, d'c., Xeio Or/pans, Louisiana:
Your^telegram to General Grant, proposing to close
™pstratiwi in New Orleans on the 30th of this
?n?u r, some other placed in Louisiana on the
lOtn ot July, has been submitted to the President,
wno is ot the opinion that the proposed limitation of
time tor registry will be too shoit Tor a full and fair
i egistration, and that electors in your district should i
be adowed untiJ the l&fc of August to register them- :
selves, especially as it is not probable that the reck- I
m HV101;' diiitriets will bo completed befure !
tiiut. time, lie taere'ore directs th;«r 11<* roinntrv bo i
not closed More the bt of August, tinier there be '
some good reason to the contrary, which you will
report for the President's information and judgment.
By order of the President.
E. D. TOWNSEND,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Sent 1:30 p. m.
The Adjutant General will transmit by telegraph
the foregoing instructions to General Sheridan.
By order of the President.
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
Jxtne 21,1867.
On the very next day, the 22d day of June,
after General Sheridan had extended the time
to the loth July and the President to the 1st
day of August, is published or sent, or at all
events dated, the telegram of Sheridan to Gen-
eral Grant, which has been the real cause of
this session of Congress, and which to this
day has never been, as I am informed, offi-
cially communicated to the President, which
is as follows:
Headquarters Fifth Military District,
New Orleans, June 22,1867.
General : X am in receipt of a telegram from the
Pi esident, through Brevet Major General Townsend,
Adjutant General United States Army, directing me
to extend the registration in this city and State until
August 1, unless I have some good reasons to the
contrary, and ordering me to report success and such
reasons for his information, and also stating that in
his judgment this extension is necessary to full and
fair registration, and that the time should be thus
extended because other district commanders will not
get through before that time. My reasons for closing
registration in this city were because I had given the
city two and a half months, and there were no more
to register. I have given the State two and a half
months and registration will be exhausted by that
time. I did not feel warranted in keeping up boards
of registration at large expense to suit new issues
coming in at the eleventh hour. The registration
will be completed in Louisiana at the time specified,
unless 1 am ordered to carry out the law under Mr.
Stanbery's interpretation, which practically in regis-
tration is opening a broad macadamized road for
perjury and fraud to travel on. I do not see why my
registiation should be dependent on time when other
district commanders get through. I have given more
time for the registration of Louisiana than they pro-
pose to give in their commands, tor I commenced six
weeks before they did. I regret that I should have
to differ with the President, but it must be recol-
lected that I have been ordered to execute a law to
which the President has been in bitter antagonism.
If after this report the time be extended, pleaso
notify, and it will be done. I would do it at once,
but the President's telegram was conditional, and
there is sufficient time left Jo issue the necessary
orders. t P. H. SHERIDAN,
Major General United States Army.
General U. S. Grant, Washington.
Can any reasonable man now find any excuse
for General Sheridan's hesitation to comply
with the order of the President to extend the
time to the 1st day of August? It added only
fifteen days more to the time which he had
voluntarily given. Could there have been any
other motive but to set himself up, his huge
self, against the President? But it is not until
the 29th of June that he concludes to obey, as
will be seen by the following telegram:
Received <3:40 p. m.
United States Military Telegraph,
War Department.
[Cipher.]
New 5rleaks, Louisiana,
June 29,1S07—11 a. m.
General: The registration in the State of Louisi-
ana will be continued, in obedience to the orders of
the President, unless I receive further orders Irom
him to the contrary.
P. II. SHERIDAN, Major General
General E.D. Townsend,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Mr. Speaker, I have no words with which to
characterize that communication to General
Grant. It has never up to this time, as I am
informed, reached the President, except through
the public papers. It exhibits a wanton and
deliberate determination to insult his superior
officer, the Commander-in-Chief of the armies
of this great nation, or a shameful ignorance
of the meaning of the language employed.
There is. as we have seen, no excuse for it. It
must forever disgrace its author in the estima-
tion of every honorable and high-minded offi-
cer of the Army and every lover of the military
profession. It is in my judgment an act of
insubordination which, if not satisfactorily
explained and apologized for, should by the
judgment and sentence of a court-martial
banish him from the military service at o-tee
and forever.
