546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
while I would not be bloody-minded, yet if I
had my way I would long ago have- organized
a military tribunal under military power, and
I would have put Jefferson Davis and all the
members of his cabinet on trial for the mur-
ders at Andersonvilie, the murders at Salis-
bury, the shooting down our prisoners of war
in cold blood. Every man of them is respon-
sible for those crimes. It was a mockery to
try that wicked fellow Wirz, and make him
responsible for acts which the confederate cab-
inet was guilty of. Of course they should be
condemned. Whether they should be executed
afterward I give no opinion. I would carry
out such punishment as, in my judgment, the
justice of the country required. I would carry
it out through the legal tribunals that I have
mentioned, and which are as much the legal
tribunals of the land as the Supreme Court of
the United States. That is my view exactly
of what would be logical.
As to the question of confiscation, I think
that a man who has murdered a thousand
men, who has robbed a thousand widows and
orphans, -who has burned down a thousand
houses, escaped well if, owning $100,000, he
is fined $60,000 as a punishment and to repair
his ravages. I said before that I was not in
favor of sanguinary punishments. I trust, in
saying that, that I need not be supposed to
condemn them when they are necessary. For
instance, the clamorthat has been raised against
the Mexican government, for the heroic exe-
cution of murderers and pirates, [applause,]
that clamor finds no favor with me. I think
that while they have gone far enough, (though
not half as far as they might be justified in
going,) yet there is no law nor policy under
heaven, and no sense of justice that will con-
demn that great, heroic, much-enduring man
who for six years has been limited with a reward
upon his head, has been driven from one end
of his empire to another until he got to the
very borders, who has no parallel in history
that I know of, except it be William of Orange,
who was driven from island to island, and from
sand patchtosand patch by justaboutasbloody
a persecutor as was to be found in Maximilian
when he decreed that every man warring against
him should be shot down without further trial.
I am not going to shrink from saying that I
think such punishment proper. I do not say,
nor do I ask that anybody should be executed
in this country. There lias got to be a sickly
humanity here which I dare not get along side
of for fear 1 might catch it. [Laughter.] And
it is now held by one of the most liberal and
enlightened gentlemen in the country—I mean
Gerrit Smith—that we should even pay a por-
tion of the damages inflicted on the rebels, and
pay a portion of the rebel debt. [Laughter.]
I shall come some day to have an argument
with Horace Greeley about that, and he will
explain it, therefore I need not say anything
further. I believe I have said enough to explain
my views on the subject, and now I ask for a
vote on the question. [Applause.] I with-
draw the motion to recommit.
Mr. BURR, Mr. GETZ, and Mr. MAR-
SHALL obtained unanimous consent to pub-
lish remarks on the pending subject as part of
the debates, which will bo published in the
Appendix.
The first question recurred on the following
amendment of Mr. Wilson, of Iowa; which
was agreed to:
Insert as an additional section the following:
And be it further enacted, That any person or per-
sons who shall prevent, or attempt to prevent, the
execution of this act, or either of the acts to which
this act is supplementary, shall he guilty of a misde-
meanor, and on conviction thereof shall be fined in
a sum not exceeding 55,000, or imprisoned one year,
or both, at the discretion ot the court.
The next question was on the adoption Of
the following amendment, offered by Mr. Ben-
jamin :
Add to section three the following:
. Provided, That the right of any person to be reg-
istered as a legal votershali in no respect bo changed
or affected by virtue of any pardon granted to such
person by the President of the UnitedStates for par-
tioipation in the rebellion.
The amendment was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. WOOD. I demand the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 119, nays 31, not voting
18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames. Anderson, James
■M. Ashley,Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Beaman,Benja-
min, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Boutwell, Bromwell,
Buekland, Butler, Cake, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke. Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cullom, Dawes,
Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston, Ela,
Eliot, Farusworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Finney,
Garfield, Gravely, Oris wo Id, Halsey, Hamilton, Hard-
ing, Hayes, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D. Hub-
bard, Iiutburd, Hunter, Iagersoll, Jenckesv Judd,
Julian, Kelley, Ketsey, Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan, Lo-
gan, Loughridgc, Lynch, Marvin, McCarthy, McClurg,
Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Myers, Newcomb,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pike, Pile,
Plants, Poland, Polsley, Price, Raum, Robertson,
Sawyer, Schenck, Seofield, Sclyc, Shanks, Shellabar-
ger, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Aaion F. Ste-
vens, Thaddeus Stevens, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas,
Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt
Van Horn, Itobertjl1. Van Horn, "Ward, Cadwalader
0. Washburn, Henry D. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Welker,Thomas Williams, William Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson. John T. Wilson, Stephen F.
Wilson, Wmdom, and Woodbridge—119.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Barnes, Boyer,
Brooks, Burr, Chanter, Eldrulgc, G-ctz, Glossbrenner,
Ilolman, Ilotchkiss, Marshall, McCullough, Morgan,
Moiris&ey, Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell,
Phelps, Randall Robinson. Ross. Sitgroaves, Stew-
art, Stone, Taber, Van Auken,, Van Trump, and
Wood—31.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Blaine,
Broomall, Cornell, Covode, Lodge, Fox. Ilaight,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Humphrey, Kerr, Lailin, Lin-
coln, Mallory, Monell, Pomeroy, Pru>n, and Van
Wyck—18.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TJI05IAS L. JONES.
The Speaker laid before the House the pro-
test of M. M. Benton and others against the
admission of Thomas L. Jones as a member
of Congress from the sixth congressional dis-
trict of Kentucky : which was referred to the
Committee of Elections.
JOSTUI L. SIMPSON. ^
_ On motion of Mr. HUBBARD, of West Vir-
ginia, the papers in relation to the claim of
Josiah L. Simpson for relief were withdrawn
temporarily from the files of the House.
ELECTION CONTEST KENTUCKY.
Mr. DAWES. T am instructed bythe Com-
mittee of Elections to report, the following
resolution, on which I demand the previous
question:
Resolved, That in each of the eases of contested
eleetionfrom Kentuckythotime fortakingtcstimony
is hereby extended to the 1st day of December next,
m all things else conforming to existing law, except
that such testimony may be taken before a notary
public.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to hear some
reason for extending the time so long, leaving
the State of Kentucky in the mean time un-
represented, especially as. I hear it intimated
in high places that we may be called together
again in October next. If such a session should
be called, Kentucky will still be a State sub-
stantially out of the Union.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania perhaps does not understand the scope
of the resolution. It has no- reference to the
matters referred to the committee yesterday
touching the parliamentary question of the
right of these parties holding certificates to
seats. _ It is only touching those cases in which
there is a contest that it is proposed to extend
the time. The question of the disqualification
oi these persons holding certificates is a ques-
tion to be examined by the committee inde-
pendent of the taking of testimony, as is covered
by this resolution.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to know of the
chairman of the committee whether the prac-
tical effect of his resolution will not be to keep
out these members from Kentucky until such
time as the testimony which he proposes to
admit, by an extension of tho time, shall
come in.
Mr. DAWES. It is with no reference to
that question that the resolution is offered.
Mr. RANDALL. But will not that be the
effect of the vote on the resolution ?
Mr. DAWES. I do not think it can have
that effect. The resolution is offered inde-
pendently, and the decision of the committee
as to the qualification or disqualification of
these members will not depend upon it. The
testimony taken under the resolution will not
at all affect the judgment of the committee on
the question to which the gentleman refers.
No testimony taken in reference to this point
will reach that question. Certainly the com-
mittee had no desire in directing me to offer
this resolution to postpone for one hour or for
one minute action on that question, nor had
they or I any idea that it would have any bear-
ing upon that question.
Mr. RANDALL. I am satisfied with the
explanation made by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts ; but I desire to say that it is not
just in my opinion that even this possible action
should take place in the committee in reference
to this matter.
Mr. DAWES. I will reply to the gentleman
by saying that he does not disagree with me
or with the committee upon that point.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope their action will
be so speedy that the question cannot arise.
Mr. DAWES. I hope so, too; and I now
renew tho demand for the previous question
on my resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. MUNGEN. I wish to ask whether that
resolution applies to any other member from
Kentucky than those whose seats are contested
in regular form?
Mr. DAWES. It does not; it applies only
to those whose seats are contested. I move
now to reconsider the vote by which the res-
olution was adopted, and to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SERVICE ON A COMMITTEE.
Mr. DAWES. I have been asked by the
gentleman from Delaware [Mr. Nicholson] to
withdraw the objection which I made to excus-
ing1 him from further service on the Committee
of Elections. I do so now, but with a renewal
of the expression of the regret which I feel at
his withdrawal from that committee ; but from
what he lias stated to me I cannot further ask
the House to insist on refusing to accept his
withdrawal.
The question was then taken on excusing
Mr. Nicholson from further service on the
committee, and he was accordingly excused.
FRAUDS ON THE TREASURY.
Mr. HULBURb, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be re-
quested tu furnish for the information of this House
any report or reports on file in the Treasury Depart-
ment regarding alleged frauds on theintornal reveneu
in tho filth collection district of North Carolina.
MESSENGERS OF TIIE HOUSE.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, Tha,t the Doorkeeper be authorized and
directed to retain the messengers and employes dur-
ing the recess of Congress who were authorized to bo
retained during the last rcccss.
Mr. HQLMAN. I think the resolution
adopted at the last session was broad enough.
If any difficulty arises on the subject hereafter
we can remedy it.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not wish to discuss the
| question; but it does seem to me this is about
I as good a time to offer the resolution as any
i other will be.
