1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
547
Mr. HOLMAN. The objection to the resolu-
tion is that it may imply too much.
Mr. LOGAN. It is limited to the same num-
ber as was proposed in the preceding resolu-
tion.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RAILROAD COMPANY MAIL MATTER.
Mr. NIBLAQK. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, when appointed, be instructed to inquiro
into the expediency of allowing railroad companies
to carry their own letters relating to the business of
their roads outside of the mail, free of postage, and
to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
PAYMENT OF BOUNTY.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to
inform this House what further legislation, if any, is
necessary to facilitate the payment of the additional
bounty granted by act of July 28,1863.
And thereupon, on motion of Mr. MUN-
GEN, (at three o'clock and thirty minutes p.
m.,) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under the
rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. CAKE: A petition of Pennsylvania soldiers
entitled to additional bounty, numerously signed,
praying Congress to appoint a committee to investi-
gate the cause of the delay in paying said bounty.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia: The peti-
tion of Minerva Roberts, asking the payment of
pension from the date of her husband's death to the
time of filing her application.
By Mr. SCIIEjSfCK: A petition of 400 citizens of
Wilmington, North Carolina, praying for amend-
ments to the reconstruction laws, and for greater
security to loval people in the southern States.
By Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania: The petition
of 4,000 citizens of Maryland, in favor of universal
suffrage.
By Sir. UPSON: The petition of Ira Mclntyre, of
Kalamazoo county, Michigan, a soldier of the war
of 1812, praying for a pension. Also, affidavits of
various persons accompanying the same.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, July 10, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. TI. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
Hon. James Dixon, of Connecticut, and
Hon. Thomas A. Hendricks, of Indiana,
appeared in their seats.
BUSINESS OF TII1S SESSION.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
proceed with the consideration of a resolution
offered by me the other day in reference to
the rule of the Senate which was adopted last
Friday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts moves that the Senate
postpone all other business 
Mr. SUMNER. There is no business before
the Senate, as I understand, to be postponed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. ^ I do not
know whether there is or not. Petitions, &c.,
I believe, are first in order. However, that
makes rio difference. The question is, whether
the Senate will proceed to the consideration
of the resolution mentioned by the Senator
from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. Is there any objection to
proceeding to its consideration ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes.
Mr. SUMN ER. Then I wish to be beard on
the question of proceeding to the consideration
of the resolution. What I have to say ,
Mr. HOWE. I hope we shall proceed with
the regular transaction of business.
Mr. DIXON. Are petitions in order ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Petitions
are .not in order, because there is a motion to
proceed immediately to the consideration of
the resolution named b}' the Senator from
Massachusetts ; and that is the question under
the consideration of the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the resolution?
Mr. SUMNER. Let the resolution be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read.
The Secretary read the resolution submitted
by Mr. Sumner on Monday last, as follows:
Resolved, That the resolution of the Senato adopted
the 5th of July last limiting the business of the Sen-
ate be, and hereby is, rescinded.
Mr. SUMNER. Now the question is on
proceeding with the consideration of that
resolution, and what I have to say will be
directed to that point. I have to submit that
the resolution was adopted last Friday under
a misapprehension, and it is in order to meet
that misapprehension that I shall call attention
to a debate that once occurred in this Chamber.
Air. TRUMBULL. I rise to a question of
order, whether on a motion to take up the
resolution it is competent to refer to a debate
that once occurred in this Chamber, and as to
whether the resolution of Friday was adopted
under a misapprehension or not.
Mr. 'SUMNER. The question is now
whether we shall proceed with its considera-
tion, and I am going to assign reasons for
proceeding willi its consideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The question is not
whether you shall proceed to its consideration,
I submit to the Chair. The question is
whether you will take up the resolution for
the purpose of proceeding with its considera-
tion. It is not before the Senate; and I raise
the question of order that the Senator cannot
discuss it or the reasons for its adoption until
it is before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I have to say 
The PRESIDENT pro temporeThat ques-
tion is to be decided, in the first instance, by
the Chair without debate. I suppose it is in
order for the Senator to give the-reasons why
we should proceed to the consideration of the
resolution, and I do not know why, as part of
his argument, ho may not refer to the fact, or
to his apprehension of the fact, that the other
resolution was not properly considered, or
that it was adopted under a misapprehension.
It seems to me that it is in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I submit that if he goes
on to show that the resolution was_ adopted
originally by a misapprehension be is giving
reasons for the adoption of this resolution,
and is going into the merits of the question
whether the resolution should be adopted. _ I
think it has always been the understanding in
the Senate that on a motion to take up a Sen-
ator could not go into the merits of the ques-
tion proposed to be taken up. He can give
his reasons for asking to take up the measure,
but he must confine himself briefly to the
reasons for taking it up, and not go into the
merits of the question to be taken up, to say
that it ought or ought not lo be adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I believe
that the Chair has never excluded anything as
being out of order for irrelevancy in the Senate
of the United States. My recollection of it is,
that anything that a Senator thought was rele-
vant was in order. The Chair does not assume
to judge of his argument, whether it is relevant
or not. I do not think we have ever excluded
anything as being out of order because it was
considered by the Chair irrelevant. I think
I remember very clearly that on a motion to
take up the Chair has admonished Senators that
they should speak pertinently to that issue and
use short arguments. I believe that has been
advised from the Chair, but T do not know that
the Chair has ever undertaken to direct what
the argument shall be. _
Mr. TRUMBIJLL. I will inquire of the
Chair, then, if a motion to lay the motion ol
the Senator from Massachusetts, to take up
this resolution, on the table would not be in
order?
Mr. SUMNER. Of course not, because 1
have the floor, and the Senator cannot make
the motion while I have the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That'is
the only difficulty. I suppose it would be in
order if the Senator had the floor for that pur-
pose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Chair recognized
me as having the floor o^the question of order,
and that question having been decided by the
Chair, I was still upon the floor; and whether
the Senator from Massachusetts can hold the
floor over the question of order and retain it
is another question.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course I can.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that.
Mr. SUMNER. I am astonished, Mr. Presi-
dent, at this singular effort to cut off discus-
sion on an important proposition. I am at a
loss to appreciate it. I cannot enter into tbe
motives of it. I cannot fathom them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will allow
me, I will state in a word exactly the reason.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall not be long; I have
no desire to occupy time. I merely wish to set
myself right, and, as a Senator, to contribute
to set the Senate right on an important ques-
tion.
It was stated the other day that Mr. Clay
had brought forward in this Chamber in 1841 a
proposition in the form of a resolution deter-
mining the subjects on which the Senate would
act during w'hat was then known as the called
session under the administration of Mr. Tyler.
I will not quote that resolution at length ; for
it was read at the time, and will bo found in
the Journals of the Senate. The Senator who
called attention to it then proceeded to remark,
as follows:
"That resolution was not aetcd upon ; it was dis-
placed by the course adopted by the House of Repre-
sentatives."
I read from the Globe of our first day's pro-
ceedings the statement that the resolution of
Mr. Clay was displaced by the action of the
House of Representatives. Now, by a refer-
ence to the Globe it will appear that that is an
entire misapprehension. The resolution of '
Mr. Clay which was invoked as a precedent for
our proceeding was not displaced in any such
way. It was displaced by another proposition
of Mr. Clay, which he himself, after the oppo-
sition from the other side of the Chamber, was
forced to abandon as being in spirit unconsti-
tutional ; but it was a proposition which was in
no sense so unconstitutional as that of ours.
The proposition that was quoted the other day
as introduced by Mr. Clay was brought forward
on Monday, June 7, 1841, and left to lie on
the table. "On the next day Mr. Clay—and the
Globe will show that the suggestion of the
proposition was made to him by another Sen-^
ator—brought forward this which I will now
read :
''Resolved, That when the Senate adjourn during
the present session, leaving a subject under discus-
sion and undecided, the consideration of tlio subject
shall be resumed at tho next meeting of the Senate,
immediately alter the journal is read and petitions
and reports are received, without waiting for the
usual hour of one o'clock."
That was left on the table of the Senate. I
understand from history that Senators on the
other side had a meeting to determine their
course. An eminent gentleman, associated in
sentiment with the other side of this Chamber
at that time, has called my attention to the
fact; and that may be inferred from the state-
ments that were made in the Senate when the
resolution was called up by Mr. Clay, as it was
on Saturday, June 12. Congress had already
then been in session some time : this was the
second week. As soon as it was called up, Mr.
Benton made a very brief speech, which is thus
set forth in the Globe:
"Mr. Bentox objected to the resolution,as going
unnecessarily to change the rules of the Senate, and
to shut out resolutions and calls of inquiry. It would
cut off the only source of information now open to
the minority tor a right understanding of the man-
agement of the (Jovernnient. It seemed to be an
attempt to cut down and shut out inquiiy in a wyy
not hitherto known to Congress. He was lil-mly op-
posed to any cutting down m this manner any !>n \ -
ilege of the Senate. It showed a determination to
dictate to the Senate its order of business and the
duration of the session. If it was persisted in, ho
would at least demand the yeas and nays."
