548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
"Mr. Clay replied, insisting upon Ms equal right
to submit resolutions with thai of other members of
the body,"
And went on in that key.
Mr. Young, aSenator, I think, from Illinois— ;
"Heartily concurred with the Senator fiom Ken-
tucky in his desire to terminate the session at as early
a day as possible, but did not think it necessary to
make an alteration m the rules."
That, again, brought Mr. Clay forward, who
made another speech not unlike the first, and
somewhat in tone like those to which we lis-
tened the other day. Mr. Benton then fol-
lowed. He said:
44 That the adoption of this new rule would cut off
entirely all calls upon the Departments for informa-
tion, which was necessary to a discharge of their
legislative duties. It was something quite new lor
Senators on one side of the Senate to prescribe limits
in this manner as to what calls they should make for
information."
A suggestion was then made by Mr. Bayard,
of Delaware, and then Mr. Buchanan made
some brief remarks, of which I will only read
a sentence:
"Mr. Buchanan thought the resolution unneces-
sary. There was a courtesy among the members of
that body which rendered it always easy for gentle-
men to accomplish their wishes as to the order of
business."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That debate was all
on the second resolution.
Mr. SUMNEIt. I so stated tl!at it was on
the second resolution. There was no debate
on the first resolution. Then Mr. Calhoun
made his protest:
"Mr. Calhoun observed that the principal means
by which a minority could guard its rights was the
observance of the rules of order. He submitted to
gentlemen whether it was fair thus to cut off their
opponents from ap. opportunity to bring out the
expression of their opinions on every important sub-
ject—yet that would bo the whole effect of the pro-
posed resolution."
1 do not read the rest of Mr. Calhoun's re-
marks. That again brought forth Mr. Clay,
who said that—
"lie wanted no other or better evidence than the
present discussion was affording of the disposition
of then* opponents to protract debate."
I introduce these words of Mr. Clay now,
because it makes more remarkable the aban-
donment afterward of his position. Then came
Mr. Calhoun again in reply to Mr. Clay :
"Mr. Calhoun said that no man on that floor
could be move anxious to beat home and attending
to his business than ho was, but he did claim, in
behalf of the minority, that they should bo heard,
lie denied that ihe people demanded from them
action alohe. They demanded that they should act
wiselv." * *" * * "• *
"The attempt thus to cut off debate was a thing
unprecedented in the Senate, lie should resist it.
Anxious as he was to be at home, he would remain
here a whole Year rather than not be heard, lie
moved to lay the resolution on the table, but con-
sented to withdraw tho motion at tho reuuebt of Air.
Allen."
Mr. Allen made an elaborate speech to which
I simply call atten4ion, and will read only a
sentence or two. He says as follows in the
course of this speech :
" But I hold that tho armouncementby the Senator
from Kentucky ofhis July adjournment, and his lay-
ing down to us the measures which are to receive
our action, is a form of legislative despotism wlrch
should be resisted at tho threshhold, in its very first
stage."
He then goes on, after making his protest at
great length, to say:
"I hope the Senator will let the question on this
resolution go by, and that he will not exert his para-
mount infiuencein forcing such a restriction upon
the Senate. 13ut if he presses his resolution to a vote,
I can tell him that he will have to sit here many a
long and sultry night. There are eighteen of us on
the one side and two others, who on this point will
unite with us, £>nd that makes twenty. All of us can
talk 'some'—-all of us, fiom the youngest to the
oldest, can and will say something."
Then followed a suggestion from one of Mr.
Clay's intimate supporters—Mr. Bayard, of
Delaware—of a modification of the amend-
ment, which Mr. Clay declined at that time to
receive. Mr. Calhoun then renewed his mo-
tion to lay on the table,- on which the yeas and
nays being called, there were 19 yeas? being
the Senators in opposition to the resolution,
and 27 nays, being Mr. Clay and his sup-
porters. When that had been done, Mr. Clay,
apparently recovering his senses, and possibly
thinking somewhat of the Constitution, re-
marked as follows:
"Mr Clvy of Kentucky, replied that he really
wished to see the bu.ine.-s of the Senate done in the
manner most agreeable to gentlemen on all sides of
the House. If gentlemen would be content with hav-
ing one hour assigned them for their calls on the
Departments and other resolutions, very well; he
for one would assent to such an arrangement.
" Tokens of assent being given—
"Mr. Clay said: If the Clerk will follow mo, 1
will dictate a modification, though I do not like tobe
a dictator in any sense.
**Air. Buchanan. You do it so well, you ought to
like it.
"Mr. "Wright- That's fair.
"And the words 'that's fair' were repeated m
various quarters.
"At the suggestion of Mr. King, of Alabama, Mr.
Clay further modified tho resolution by adding the
words, 'unlessotherwiseorderedbytheSenate.' And
the resolution in its finally amended shape was then
adopted, as follows:
*Resolved, That during the present session, atthe
expiration of one hour after the meeting of the Sen-
ate each day, the Senate will proceed to tho con-
sideration of the subject left unfinished the preced-
ing day, unless otheiwise ordered by thcSenate."
And this is the precedent of the Senate of
the United States applicable to the present
occasion. Now, for the first time in our his-
tory, you have undertaken to put a limitation
upon the business of this body. It is a prece-
dent -which may be grateful to some of you
who are now in the majority ; but I know full
well that it would be anything but grateful to
you if you were in the minority. 1 have done
my duty now in calling attention to the past;
and I do most respectfully submit to my asso-
ciates in this body the expediency of rescind-
ing a resolution which I cannot but think was
adopted under a misapprehension, with an idea
that there was some color of precedent for it
in our past history, when in point of fact there
is none.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say simply
that the proceedings which have been read and
the motion which has been commented upon
by the Senator from Massachusetts were not
referred to at all by me or by anybody else in
any-previous debate. All that matter lias been
brought up by the Senator; and the proceed-
ings of the Senate and the final conclusion
arrived at read. lie said that he would show
that what 1 said the other day with reference
to a certain precedent was not correct; but
thus far he has not attempted to show it. -1
simply stated that Mr. Clay made a certain
motion with reaard to the business of the Sen-
ate to be attended to at that session, and that
that motion was not afterward pressed to a
vote. There was the length and breadth of my
statement. If I said anything more——•
Mr. SUMNER. I have it here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Wiil the Senator oblige
me by reading it or giving it to me?
ilr. SUMNER. I will read it when the Sen-
ator is through.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will hear it now, if
the Senator pleases.
Mr. SUMNEK. If the Senator had done me
the honor to listen to me when I opened this
matter, he would have observed that I read
from the Globe, and of course I could not do
the Senator injustice.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not hear what the
Srnator read.
Mr. SUMNER. I said that a Senator—and
I held a copy of the Globe in my hand, but I
did not even allude except in that general way
to the Senator from Maine—I said that a Sen-
ator had commended at the beginning of the
session some proposition like that which was
finally adopted by the Senate, by calling our
attention to a supposed precedent of 1841, and
that the Senator, after reading a resolution at
that time introduced by Mr. Clay for the pur-
pose of limiting the course of business, went
on to remark as follows. I now quote from
the^ Globe the language of ^he Senator from
Maine:
*'That resolution was not acted -upon; it was dis-
placed by the couise adopted by the House of Rep-
resentatives."
The inference of course was, that so far as
the Senate was concerned, that resolution of
Mr. Clay found ho disfavor; it was displaced
by action in another House. Now, I have
shown from the record that it was displaced
by action in this body; that the very day after
Mr. Clay introduced this first resolution he
introduced another and different one. which
was in the nature of a substitute, and intended
as a substitute; and that, after debate in this
Chamber, he was obliged, substantially, to
abandon even that substitute by consenting to
its modification so far that it amounted to very
little as a limitation of debate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If my recollection does
not fail me, the Senator, if he looks a little fur-
ther forward on the Journal, .will find that on
a subsequent day Mr. Clay called up his original
resolution.
Mr. SUMNEfi. I cannot find it here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I may be mistaken
about it; but that is my recollection.
Mr. SUMNER. It was never called up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We will see. [After
examining the Journal,] I do not find that it
was; but the subsequent action was on the reso-
lution referred to by the Senator ; so that I am
not right in that particular. But, sir, I should
like to know how it appears that it was displaced
by the other resolution. I stated that it was
displaced, as I supposed. Of course it could
only be a supposition, nothing appearing upon
the record of the Senate of the resolution which
was adopted by the House of Representatives,
and which was read by me. I might be mis-
taken about that, of course; and there is no
very particular consequence to be attached to
that fact one way or the other. The point I
endeavored to make was, as against the idea
that it was unconstitutional for us, by resolu-
tion, to prescribe what business should be done:
that Mr. Clay had offered a resolution of a cer-
tain character doing that very thing. I was
only stating my own impressions about it. I
read it without any further comment than that
it was displaced by a resolution adopted by the
House. That resolution, adopted by the House,
limited the business to be done by the House,
and in its effect it controlled the legislative
action of the Senate, because it was of no use for
the Senate toaet on what the House would not
act upon and had agreed not to act upon at all.
The whole matter, therefore, in my judgment,
is immaterial.
But I wish to call the attention of the Sen-
ator to one point, and that is, that in all he
has read from the Globe as a matter of argu-
ment againstthe resolution to which I alluded
or any resolutions offered by Mr. Clay nothing
was said by any member of tho Opposition of
that day as to the unconstitutionality of such
a rule. That idea is original entirely with
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts.
In all the opposition which was made by Mr.
Benton and Mr. Calhoun and Mr. Buchanan,
their constitutional scruples, nice as they were,
did not come up to the pointthat it was uncon-
stitutional for Congress to say what business
it would do at a particular session, and what
it would not do. Therefore I think that the
argument of the Senator on that point must be
conceded to be his own, to rest upon nothing
but his own reading of tho Constitution and his
own idea of the spirit of it. What I endeav-
ored to show was, that the matter had been
attempted before in one branch of Congress
and carried into effect in the other branch of
Congress, and without any idea that thereby
there was an infringement of the Constitution
of the United States. Why, sir, in my judg-
ment, I repeat, it is a mere matter of business,
and, as I said on a former occasion, it is a
matter with regard to the propriety of which,
and as to the responsibility for which, each
individual must judge for himself. The oppo-
sition that was made to the proposition of Mr.
Clay, finally adopted as modified, at that time
was that it cut off the minority from acquiring
information that they might desire from the
Departments. Our resolution, as wo have
i adopted it, does no such thing. It merely
i specifies what legislative business shall be
I attended to, leaving open all the ordinary pro-
i ceedings with reference to obtaining informa-
