1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
549
tion or making inquiries. That this resolution
is not objectionable to the minority, so called
and so understood, is proved by the fact that
I believe every one of the minority voted
for it.
Mr. JOHNSON. "The minority"' is on
your side.' [Laughter.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. "That there is a mi-
nority on our side of the Chamber does not
make it out that the rights of the minority are
particularly infringed. Otherwise, we can pass
no resolution and no vote, make no rule and
no law at any time that is disagreeable to some
half a dozen members. Why, sir, when should
we get through legislating, what should we
accomplish at any session of Congress, if that
rule were adopted? It prostrates the great
majority of the body on both sides of the Cham-
ber at the feet of a few individuals who are
grieved in the result of a vote, unless the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts deems
that he in fact is the majority, and that noth-
ing must be done that is disagreeable to him !
When we take a vote and find twenty-seven or
twenty-eight on the one side and half a dozen
on the other,, the result may be considered as
a fair expression of the will of the Senate. I
think, on the whole, there are no such dangers to
the body-politic as are apprehended, especially
if the majority voting for the proposition em-
braces all of one side of the House and nearly
all of the other.
Now,, sir, I do not believe that the Senate
voted under any misapprehension. I think I
had a pretty tolerably clear idea of what I was
about at the time; 1 have no doubt my asso-
ciates had; ' and I think they are quite as
capable of judging for themselves of the effect
of a vote, and quite as able to take the respon-
sibility of that vote, as anybody else. 1, at
any rate, am quite satisfied that I acted under
no misapprehension, and am ready to act again
in the same way.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no desire to .pro-
tract this discussion. I have done simply my
duty in calling attention to the past precedent
which had been introduced into the discussion.
When it was introduced I had no means of
replying to it. I had not the Journals or the
Globe with me; and I had supposed from the
statement made by the Senator from Maine
that it was a resolution practically adopted in
this Chamber. I was not aware of what fol-
lowed. 1 was not aware of the extent to which
the whole spirit of the proposition was de-
nounced. Nor was I aware that its original
mover, Mr. Clay, was obliged to abandon his
proposition; that he magnanimously, and
justly, and considerately abandoned it. That
is the true precedent in this body ; and that is
the precedent which I now submit it would
be better for the Senate to follow; nothing,
surely, could . be lost by following it. The
resolution adopted by the Senate on Friday,
while it remains, will only be of evil example.
If hereafter quoted as a precedent, it may be
at last for some purpose of oppression, when
Senators will not all be as just as those whom
I now have the honor of addressing. It may
be seized then as an engine of tyranny. For
one, sir, I would leave no such weapon in this
chamber to be seized hereafter any hand.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
Mr. GLUMES. Let us have a vote on the
resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If we can have a vote
on the resolution 1 shall say nothing.
Mr. FESSENDEN, [to Mr. Tbx-jiucli,.]
Move to lay it on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has never been taken
up yet. I hope we shall have a vote on taking
The PRESIDENT pro tempore._ The ques-
tion is on taking up the resolution indicated by
the Senator from Massachusetts for consider-
ation.
The motion was not agreed to.
petitions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the Sen-
ate will indulge me, I desire to present two peti-
tions that I have received. I do not know but
that to do so trenches upon the rule, if any
gentleman wishes to raise that question. I
will do my duty, however. I have a petition
here from a lieutenant in the Navy, who rep-
resents that he has done a great deal of service
to the countryand is entitled to a pension. It
will be laid on the table for further consider-
ation.
I have another petition from W. W. Holden,
of North Carolina, who sets forth that he has
always been a Union man, and prays that the
Senate will remove the civil disabilities under
which he labors. That will also lie on the
table.'
enrolled bill signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker had signed an enrolled,bill
(H. R. No. 107) to establish certain post roads.
reconstruction.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 131.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee ol the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 131) to give
effect to an act entitled "An act to provide for
the more efficient government of the rebel
States," passed March 2, 3807, the pending
question being on the amendment proposed by
Mr. Wilson to the second section.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I am very
glad that the Senate consents to proceed at
this early moment to the consideration of this
bill and the amendments that are pending
thereto. The peculiar views taken by the
Attorney General of the United States of the
reconstruction acts of Congress, and the appre-
hension of the members of this body, at least
of the majority, that the President of the
United States in the execution of those acts
may or will be governed by the conclusions to
which his legal adviser hasarrived, have doubt-
less been the great causes for the reassembling
of Congress on the 3d of July instant. I pro-
pose-to ask the indulgence of the Senate for a
few minutes while I pass in. review some of
the arguments of the Attorney General respect-
ing the meaning and intent of the two recon-
struction acts already in existence. I do not
believe that upon any just and fair construc-
tion of those acts there was any necessity for
additional legislation, whether in the shape of
amendatory, supplemental, or declaratory acts.
I believe that the acts themselves contained all
that was necessary for carrying out the policy
of Congress in regard to reconstruction, and
that if they had been properly construed, if
correct advice had been given to the President
of the United States as to their true purport,
we should not probably have been under the
necessity of assembling here at Washington in
the Capitol to spend a portion of the hot days
of this intense summer. ,
To ascertain the nature and extent of the
powers given the district commanders we must
look carefully at the language of the statute,
and must not overlook, as others have done,
the reasons and the circumstances impelling
Congress, as they plainly announce, to the
enactment of so unusual a system of legislation.
The act of March 2 declares in the preamble
that in the ten States there exist "no legal
State governments, and no adequate protection
for life and property." Governments of a cer-
tain kind did, it is true, exist there as a matter
of fact. They were such governments as had
been established, not by Congress, the supreme
law-making power of the nation; not by the
loyal people of those States, acting freely and
by spontaneous impulse for the whole commu-
nity, as was the ease in West Virginia ; nor yet
by the rebel people acting freely nor by the
rebel and loyal elements acting^ conjointly ; but
by the orders and decrees of the Executive,
acting without the knowledge and consent of
Congress. Thatfunctionary, suddenly elevated
to his high position by the assassination of the
President elected by the people, acting under
the influence Of bad principles and bad advice,
and seizing upon a most critical state of affairs
produced by the surrender of the rebel armies,
took upon himself the task of State-maker for
the ten rebellious States, now devoid of all
State rights and privileges,- and, as he himself
had often declared, lying so many heaps of
shapeless political ruins. He assumed, of his
own will and pleasure, without any act of Con-
gress, and in utter derogation of their consti-
tutional powers and duties, to grant to those
populations not merely that military protection
which by the law of nations and war is an
incident to military occupation of an enemy's
country, but political rights and powers as
States; to clothe them with legislative author-
ity, with administrative and judicial functions,
and the additional right of electing Senators
and Representatives to Congress. All this he
did without law or constitutional warrant, in a
manner and spirit unknown to our history and
known only tc> despotic Governments. It was
the first earnest and formal attempt to intro-
duce practically into our Government those
absolutistic ideas, the absence of which from
our system has ever been our boast and our
true glory.
It cannot be denied—even he cannot and
will not deny—that he exercised unlimited
power, political and legislative, over the sub-
dued States. It cannot be denied that his
object was to introduce into Congress at once
and immediately on its next assembling, in
December, 18G5, the Representatives of constit-
uencies hostile to this Government, hostile to
its preservation, hostile to its policy, its prin-
ciples, its duties, with no security for their
future good behavior but the promise on oath
of men who by tens of thousands had once
wantonly broken their oaths to support the
Constitution of the United States 1 It cannot
be denied that his scheme was to reinstate the
rebels in all theirformer powers.and privileges
under this Government without exacting from
them any substantial security against a recur-
rence of the rebellion, and without introducing
into the Constitution proper safeguards against
their ntalign influence for the future. But by
far the most glaring and menacing feature in
his policy was the bold assumption of absolute
power over a field of legislation exclusively
belonging to Congress—to reframe a ruined,
dissolved State—to pass it through a political
resurrection and reinvest it with full State pow-
ers. In the prosecution of this scheme he was,
of course, involved in the violation of the laws
of the United States. But he persevered, and
having, by his arbitrary proceedings—all in the
interest of the rebels—secured the election in
those States of men who seven months before
were in open rebellion against us, he came
before us and addressed .us these pompous
and insulting words: " Gentlemen of the Senate
and gentlemen of the House of Representa-
tives, it now remains for you to pass upon the
qualifications of the persons thus elected under
my policy!"
Congress, not yet prepared to acknowledge
a master, and least of all such a master, and
not yet prepared to give the right hand of fel-
lowship to the bloody hand of treason, spurned
the suggestion, and gave him and his protgggs
to understand that there were certain prelimi-
naries to be settled before such ail intimacy
could be reestablished. They expressed their
views in the form of what is known as the
fourteenth amendment of the Constitution,
which they submitted for the consideration of
the several States, as proscribed by the Constitu-
tion. Had it been adopted by the requisite
number of State Legislatures the rebel States
would to-day have been represented in Con-
gress ; but this nascent, absolutism, restless
and insolent here as elsewhere, interfered and
arrested the good work of reconstruction. By
its patronage and intrigues it redoubled the
discontents of the South. It absurdly claimed
the right to veto the proposition. It resorted
to all the arts of lowdemagoguismto defeat it.
It foolishly held out false hopes to the peo-
ple of the South and amused them with the
