550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
delusive promise that the northern people
-would reject the measure and return to these
Halls men who would favor the absolutistic
policy of Mr. Johnson and_ his advisers, and
who would impose no conditions upon rebel-
istn, but admit it at once to its former place
and power.
The whole power and patronage of the Exec-
utive were brought out and used to make good
this childish and hollow promise. The Exec-
utive himself, on his journey to attend the
funeral ceremonies of Douglas at Chicago,
plainly told the throngs that listened to him
that the offices in his control should be given,
to those who would advocate his policy. He
openly set them up at auction, and agreed to
bestow them for partisan influence and votes.
The bait was caught. A Johnson party was
organized. The appointees of Mr. Lincoln
who declined to sell their principles were mer-
cilessly thrust out of office. A general system
of espionage and surveillance was organized
against them, and they were ousted from their
offices because they would not, on hearing the
sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psal-
tery, and all kinds of music, fall down and
worship the golden image that Nebuchadnezzar
the king had set up. Honest, and competent
men, whose fidelity was never questioned, were
unceremoniously exchanged for the venal and
the base, and a wide-spread office brokerage
inaugurated itself throughout the land, with its
numerous bureaus and branches in every State
and in almost every county, in the shape of
Johnson committees and other almoners of
Johnson's patronage. This patronage was
boldly and unscrupulously employed as the
lever by which the party who had carried the
Government safely through the war was to be
overthrown; and, to its amazement, that patri-
otic party, though it had drenched the rebel
soil with its best blood and lavished billions of
treasure in saving the Government from the
clutch of treason, now heard itself denounced
by the Executive as a band of traitors, because
it would not fall down and worship the image.
Their Congress was denounced by the aspiring
King Theodore as an unconstitutional- body,
hanging on the verge of the Government.
Threats were made by his advisers to disperse
them by military force, and he was manifestly
contemplating the rash attempt, not dreaming
that half a million bayonets were thirsting to
punish him should he actually make it. So
confident had his brief possession of power
made him that his chief minister had ventured
in his presence, in a speech ho made to the
people of a northern State, to predict that he
would make himself king if his policy as a
State-maker was not carried out—a subtle flat-
tery worthy only of the minister of an Oriental
despot! But this reckless breach of the Con-
stitution, this endeavor to introduce absolutism
and rebelism into our politics, soon exhibited
its legitimate fruits in the bloody streets of
New Orleans, in the unpunished murder of
Union men by the tools of Johnson, and in
other acts of vioienec and wrong, for which he
and his advisers arc responsible before the
world and before high heaven.
But the wicked pretension of making States
and governing without a Congress was sternly
rebuked by the.loyal peopleatthe elections of
1866. Their voice "pronounced sentence upon
the usurpation and warned its authors to return
to duty—to return to constitutional ideas and
abstain from their wicked efforts to strip Con-
gress of its powers and govern half of our
national territory by executive decrees. The
warning was not heeded. Blind with rage at
the party who, guilty of the fatal mistake of
trusting to his professions, had chosen him for
T ice President, he persisted with angry and
defiant obstinacy, with an assumption of infal-
libility in his interpretation of the Constitu-
tion and an ostentatious profession of con-
science and patriotism, in adhering to his
policy of executive State-making, refusing to
see or believe that his despotism was every day
exposing the Unionists, white and black, of
the South to ruin and destruction, or if he did
know the real truth winking at, if not encour-
aging, the wrongs they were receiving at the
hands of the rebel authorities to which his
cruel policy had subjected them.
He directly interfered to dissuade and pre-
vent his pseudo governments of those States
from ratifying the amendment, determined to
use them as so many trumps in the partisan
game he had inaugurated against the party he
had joined and betrayed, to be made available
for him in the presidential canvass of 1868. He
did not want them to owe their reintroduetion
into the Union to the party that had success-
fully fought down the rebellion, and which, for
some reason not yet known to the world, he
had wantonly betrayed. He preferred to have
them remain out of the Union, unrepresented
in Congress—scenes of disquietude, agitation,
mischief-breeding, to remain as his policy made
them, theaters of lawlessness, insecurity, crime,
anarchy, where life, liberty, and property are
governed by the law of the stronger—scenes for
the display of his love of absolute power and
his skill in low party tactics, rather than that
they should owe their restoration to the legis-
lation of a Republican Congress and honorably
accept honorable terms of settlement., What
those unfortunate States needed was the pro-
tection of law, so that industry could rise in
the morning, perform her task, and in the even-
ing retire to rest without molestation, secure
of her reward and perfectly confident of the
like safety in the future. They wanted order
and a cessation of strife and contention. The
interests of all required this. Agriculture,
commerce, education, morals, religion, all cried
out, give us law, rescue us from anarchy, cease i
contention, give us quiet! But the Executive
said no, you shall have disquiet, you shall have
contention, anarchy, so long as Congress dis-
sents from the superior wisdom of the Execu-
tive, so long as they refuse to recognize the
principles of absolutism that I have set up. I
am your king, you are my provinces, and I shall
govern you by royal proclamation. No matter
though industry may languish ; no matterthough
the bands of law are loosened and your persons
and property are the prey of unavenged mur-
der and plunder; no matter though the hearts
of the wise and the good among you tremble at
the state of dreadful insecurity that exists
among you and the dark prospects of the future,
I am he who holds your destinies in his hand;
I must be_ obeyed; I am the infallible judge of
the Constitution ; I have unrolled it; I under-
stand it; I am conscientious; Congress and the
so-called loyal people are not conscientious; 1
am patriotic ; they are not; they are traitors;
I am great; they are small; they must be put
down; I must be put up; and you must remain
in your present condition until X have had my
way. And thus the matter stood until the sec-
ond session of the last Congress, when the two
Houses, losing all hope of securing his cooper-
ation in the work of reconstruction, and seeing
that the experimenthe had launched more than
a year before had fallen utteily short of all the
objects of a regular government and was daily
becoming worse and worse in its operations,
interposed and passed the bill to provide for
the more efficient government of the rebel
States, of March 2, which was vetoed and
repassed by the requisite majorities. And
finding in their grapple with the absolutism
of the executive department that mere in-
ducements and persuasions were unavailing
they finally exercised their powers as State-
makers, and in the supplemental act allowed
the black man to vote—allowed it not perhaps
more out of regard to the principle of equality
than as a measure demanded by the necessities
of the times and as a means of neutralizing
and finally extinguishing the power of the
secession leaders in those States. Absolutism
again resisted, and vetoes and speeches laden
with insult and ridicule were plentifully hurled
at us. Such a provision was, forsooth, a per-
fect overturning of the constitution, which left
to the States the right to say who might vote
and who might not. The rebel States had not
lost this right by the war ; the right was im-
perishable and still fresh and vigorous; and
although we had overcome and overrun them
by our arms and held them in the iron grip of
military occupation, still we could not take
from them the precious right to exclude the
negro from voting, notwithstanding they had
no government at all under which even a white
man could lawfully vote. Absolutism cried
aloud that it had already reconstructed those
States, and had—as was in fact the case—ex-
cluded the black man from suffrage, thus as-
suming a political and legislative power not
granted to the Executive. It did not the less,
however, complain of the violation of State
rights, as if it were possible and not utterly
preposterous and ridiculous that State rights
could be granted, imparted, or restored by the
President of the United States alone!
I have briefly sketched the motives of Con-
gress for passing these acts and the circum-
stances, all of the most public nature, which
led to it. It became the duty of the President
to see that they were faithfully executed. His
obligation in this respect was the same as in
other cases. They establish another and dif-
ferent kind of government from those insti-
tuted by the Executive in the ten rebel States.
They first divide them up into five districts,
Virginia being the first, North Carolina and
South Carolina the second, Georgia, Alabama,
and Florida the third, Mississippi and Arkan-
sas the fourth, and Louisiana and Texas the
fifth. It declares that they shall be made sub-
ject to the military authority of the 'United
States as afterward prescribed in the act.
The Attorney General has given this statute
an elaborate consideration, and has come to the
conclusion, and has so advised the President,
that this military authority is not paramount
to that of the State, but that it is only auxiliary
to it: that it is a mere police power, sent there
by Congress to aid in preserving the peace and
enforcing the local State laws, whatever they
may be; and that it cannot override the local
law enacted by the State government instituted
there by Mr. Johnson ; consequently, that the
military commander has no authority to remove
from office any State functionary appointed or
elected under the State laws. This announce-
ment has, beyond doubt, been a principal cause
of the appearance of a quorum of the two
Houses in their seats on the 3d of July, the
day to which Congress adjourned.
The argument submitted by the Attorney
General to the President has certainly taken
the country by surprise. Such a construction
of the act is, I believe, entirely original with
him. I am bold to say it was never thought
of by Senators or Representatives in Congress,
whether they voted for or against the bill.
Indeed, had such been supposed to be its effect,
there can be no doubt that all the affirmative
votes would have been given in the negative
and all the negatives in the affirmative. Had
such been held to be its true intent and mean-
ing there is no reason whatever to suppose it
would have encountered the President's veto.
That veto, on the contrary, declares in terms
too strong to leave any doubt that Mr. John-
son and his advisers were then of the opposite
opinion. The veto message, speaking of the
powers given to the district commanders and
endeavoring to present it in an odious light,
uses this language :
" The power thus jriyen to thc commanding officer
over all the people of each district is that of an altso-
lute momirch. His mere wili is to take the place of
ail law. the law of the State is now the only rnie
applicable to the subjects placed under ins control,
and that is completely displaced by the clause which
declares^all interference of State authority to be mill
and veia. lie alone is peiraitted to determine what
arc the rights of person and property, and he may
protect them in such way as in his discretion may
seem proper. It places at his free disposal all the
lands and goods of his district, and he may distribute
them without let or hinderance to whom he pleads,
-being bound by no State law, and there beiiu? no
other law to regulate the subject, he may mako a
criminal code of his own, and he can make it as
bloody as any recorded in history."
It is understood that the present Attorney
General, if he did not write this veto message,
assisted in its preparation. Being the law offi-
cer of theexecutive branch of the Government,
