1867.
THE - CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
553
a person, if you, are to consider the person
discharging the functions of an office at that
time an officer. If we adopt the words of the
Senator from Missouri he will see that the
sentence is open to this construction; that if
any person while holding an office, executive,
legislative, or judicial, in any State goes into
rebellion he is disfranchised. Now, it was
not the intention of the original act to disfran-
chise any but .those who held office prior to
the rebellion. We have not undertaken in
this act to disfranchise everybody who went
into the rebellion, but only those who held
office and afterward went into rebellion. By
that we meant held office under a State gov-
ernment when it was a loyal State government.
But introducing the words suggested by the
Senator from Missouri would make the section
embrace a man who acted as justice of the
peace during the rebellion, though he may
never have held any office before the rebellion
broke out. Does the Senator from Missouri
intend to extend the scope of the original-act?
I presume not; and yet the terms of his amend-
ment might be so construed. It was the in-
tention of Congress to disfranchise from vot-
ing only certain classes of persons who went
into the rebellion. All rebels are not disfran-
chised. If that had been the intention, it
would have been veiy easy for Congress to have
said that all persons who engaged in the rebel-
lion, who gave it aid an 1 comfort, should be
disfranchised; but Congress has not said that.
It has said that persons who held executive,
judicial, or legislative offices in any State and
afterward went into rebellion are disfran-
chised. That means in any State while it was
a State of the Union. They ceased to hold
these offices, allow me to say to the Senator
from Missouri, when the State rebelled ; they
were all out of office as State officers when the
rebels took possession of those States and set
up inimical governments. Therefore the sec-
tion as it stands is strictly correct. It must
embrace every person who held a legislative,
executive, or judicial office under any State
before that State went into rebellion. We do
not intend to embrace any others; and yet I
am not sure but that this might be construed,
if the words suggested by the Senator from
Missouri are adopted, as embracing persons
holding office after tho State went into rebel-
lion.
Mr. SUMNER. Would there be any objec-
tion to that?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That would be extend-
ing the original act. We have acted in the
Senate thus far upon the assumption that our
legislation would be confined to carrying out
fairly the acts as we originally passed them,
and I presume the Senator from Massachusetts
does not purpose, or the Senator from Mis-
souri does not purpose, going any further than
that.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to suggest to my
friend that there is reason to believe that the
original act is open to misconception, that it
is not intelligent, or that it is not construed in
the same way everywhere. Does it not belong
to us to clear it up, to remove that ambiguity
and to make it clear?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Undoubtedly; but I was
trying to show that it was an impossibility that
such a question as that suggested by the Sen-
ator from Missouri could arise, because all
these persons who were legislative, executive,
or judicial officers of a State necessarily went
out of office as executive, legislative, or judi-
cial officers of the State the moment the State
went into rebellion. They then set up a gov-
ernment that was not a State government at all;
it was an enemy government. They became
officers of a hostile government; and if they
gave aid and comfort to the rebellion after
having been executive, judicial, or State offi-
cers under an existing State government they
are embraced by the section asat stands: but
if you put in the words that any executive, legis-
lative, or judicial ofticerinany State while hold-
ing any such office goes into rebellion, then it
may be insisted that that embraces justices of
the peace under the rebel government who
never held an office under a State government
that we recognized as such.
Mr. "DRAKE. Mr. President, whether such
a construction as that to which the Senator
from Illinois refers could be put upon the sec-
tion, if amended, I cannot say. What I am
driving at now is this: the statement is made
to me, on what 1 regard as sufficient authority
to justify my action here, that in the State of
Virginia they do not exclude from registration
those who were in office at the time of the
rebellion; but construe it to inean that the
individuals referred to in the oath were
those who had been in office prior to that
time, and then engaged in the rebellion when
the rebellion broke out. I am not concerned
at all, one way or the other, whether the con-
struction which the Senator from Illinois refers
to can be given to the section, if amended,
or not. I do not care what construction is
put by the registering officers in those States
upon the statute that will exclude office-
holders under the rebellion from any partici-
pation whatever in registration and voting in
those States. But no man can say whether
such a construction would be given to the sec-
tion if it should be amended. I say a sufficient
ground for offering the amendment, and in my
deliberate judgment a sufficient ground for the
honorable chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee to accept the amendment, is that in
this neighboring State of Virginia, where one
of the closest struggles will be made between
rebelism and loyalty that will be made in any
of the-rebel States, the construction is already
given which I have stated, to wit, that they
say that a man who was in office at the time
of the rebellion is not affected by this oath at
all, but that he must have ceased to be in
office before; and the consequence is that
thousands in that State who were in office at
the time of the rebellion and have never held
office before, but that which they held then,
are registered and are to be put down as voters
to vote down loyal men.
If the Senate does not consider this of suf-
ficient importance to justify the amendment,
of course I bow to their decision with all re-
spect; but in my judgment it is of sufficient
importance to cut at that very point of rebel-
lion and take out of the registration every man
who held office in those rebel States at that
time and afterward engaged in rebellion. I
want that thing made so clear that there cannot
be any mistake about it; and if the other con-
struction which the honorable Senator from
Illinois says the section may, if amended, be
liable to is put upon it, so much the better; I
will thank God for it.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me weought
to make every point clear—not only this, but
every one. The question now is on this. The
Senator from Missouri has mentioned that his
attention has been called to this very question.
So has mine. Two different gentlemen, coming
from different parts of Virginia, and so far as
I know without any concert, have called my
attention to this doubt; and one of them, in a
letter, makes use of this language:
"I thinlr that at least two thirds of the registers
appointed in our State sympathize with the President
and his policy, and in some counties not a single
straight-out Radical man has been selected. This
shows the necessity of having the law so plain that
it cannot be misunderstood. There is a constant effort
to prove that this or that is not an office within the
meaning of the law. Therefore it is of vital import-
ance that an authorized explanation should be had.
That is the statement of one gentleman with
regard to the influence that in Virginia presides
over the registration. Imagine, if you please,
two persons on a registration board hostile to
your bill: of course they would give it an inter-
pretation such as would not be agreeable to us.
Now look at the terms of the oath on which
this difficulty occurs. They are as follows:
" That I have never been a member of any State
Legislature, nor held any executive or judicial office
in any State, and afterw.u-J engaged in insurrection
or rebel lion against tho United States, or given aid
or comfort to the enemies thereof.1'
Now, on that language these great doctors
find a doubt, and they give the doubt to the
enemy. They say that the word "afterward"
there limits the application of that clause to
persons who held office before they engaged in
the rebellion. I presume that no Senator in*
tends that it shall have any such limitation. I
know that my excellent friend who drew that
oath certainly could not intend that it should
have any such limitation. Now, as long as the
doubt has arisen, let us remove it.
Mr. JOHNSON. The effect of the amend-
ment, although that is not said to be the pur-
pose of the honorable Senator who proposes
it, will be to exclude from the right of voting
all persons who have acted in any official
capacity during the rebellion. The Senate,
of course, are aware that but for the existence
of offices of various kinds in those States there
would have been mere anarchy. The rights of
the loyal men depended upon the existence of
some judicial tribunals. The rights of person,
as well as of property, depended upon the
existence of some tribunals vested with some
jurisdiction to protect either person or prop-
erty; and it was therefore the duty (not a
crime, in my opinion) of every man within the
limits of those rebel States who received an
appointment to an office which looked to the
security of the peace of the State to accept it.
They stand in the situation in which Lord Hale
stood when he was appointed judge by Crom-
well. He acted in that capacity after the ter-
mination of the reign of Cromwell and the
short reign of his successor. There was no
writer and no politician in England who did
not justify the act as patriotic. He did not
approve of that revolution; he did not espe-
cially approve of the execution of Charles I;
but he deemed it his duty, looking to the
interest of the whole nation, to accept an office
from that revolutionary government, and he
discharged the duties of that office with the
ability which characterized his whole official
career.
Now, I have no doubt that there are men in
these rebel States who accepted judicial station,
accepted executive station, and who discharged
the duties of both with a single eye to the secur-
ity of the people of those States, the loyal as well
as the disloyal. The honorable member from
Missouri tells us that it is not bis purpose to dis-
franchise the class to which I advert, but he at
the same time says that if it bears that inter-
pretation and receives that construction after it
shall be passed he will thank God for it. Now,
I suppose no one, in providing for this session,
contemplated the happening of any contingency
which would render it necessary for us to meet
here for any such purpose, to enlarge the num-
ber of persons who are to be disfranchised.
That was done, in the judgment of the Senate,
sufficiently by the acts passed in February and
March ; andthe public everywhere, who thought
that Congress had any authority to legislate on
the subject at ail, were satisfied with the extent
of the exclusion to be found in these several
acts. Now, we propose very greatly to enlarge
that exclusion, or rather, to speak more cor-
rectly, looking to what the honorable member
from Missouri says is his object, we propose to
adopt an amendment which may lead to that
exclusion.
I received to-day—and I think a letter of
his was addressed to the chairman of the Judi-
ciary Committee of the Senate—a letter from
General Sickles, in which he urges upon me,
if possible, as the policy of the country, espe-
cially looking to-South Carolina and North
Carolina, the States within his district, that so
far from adding to the classes who are to be
excluded, we should save from exclusion many
of those who are now excluded by the terms
of the original act. He says—and I have no
doubt he says with perfect truth—that, there
are hundreds and thousands of men in what
were called the rebel States who are perfectly
loyal now, just as loyal as we aie ; who have
seen the error of their ways, are satisfied that
the Government must exist as our fathers
made it, a Government coextensive with all
the States of the Union, that it never cau be
