1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
555
he required of anybody. Now what do we do ?
We agree that that is not so, but that it is to
pe left to the board of registration to deter-
mine who is qualified to vote, exactly the way
the law read before the Senator from Michigan
interpolated this oath into it. The bill provided
for boards of registration as it was pending in
tlfe Senate, but the Senator from Michigan was
not satisfied with that, and he succeeded in
inducing the Senate to put iuto it an oath which
the Attorney General has construed as being
the only requisite for '(voting upon anybody,
even upon females. If they can take it; they
can vote. I do not suppose the Senator from
Michigan meant that exactly; and now I believe
he agrees with the rest of us that that oath
shall not be the only requisite, but that it shall
be left to the board of registration to determine
under the law on such evidence as they can
get whether the person applying to be regis-
tered is entitled to be registered and to vote
or not.
I shall not take up time about this amend-
ment. If the Senate think proper to adopt it
I do not know that any harm will grow out of
it; but I am quite sure no good will come of it.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not feel very well
contented that the honorable Senator from
Illinois should hold me, a poor, humble indi-
vidual of this body, responsible for the false
logic of the Attorney General, nor his bad
reasoning, nor his unfounded conclusions. I
think that is pretty hard. I regard it as uncon-
stitutional, [laughter;] as inflicting a cruel
and Unusual punishment, not upon the guilty,
but the innocent really. [Laughter.]
The honorable Senator from Illinois is also
somewhat mistaken when he says that I drew
the whole of this oath. He will discover if
he looks into the record that a considerable
portion of this long oath, as he calls it, origi-
nated in the House of Representatives, and
was added there as an amendment after the
bill had once passed this body. However, I
am not disposed at all to shirk any of the re-v
sponsibility that belongs to me for my con-'
nection with the framing of the oath. If the
oath had been fairly, and I will say further,
properly and legally construed; wo should have
had no difficulty. It is not owing to the real
intent and proper construction of the oath that
we are called together here, but because the
thing has been misused. It has been employed
for purposes never contemplated by Congress
iu passing the oath.
One word further as to what the honorable
Senator says of the power of the board of regis-
tration as originally framed in the bill. He
remarks that it contained some discretion to
the board of registration to reject an applicant
although ho was willing to take the oath, thus
constituting the board a sort of judicial body
to pass upon the application of the applicant.
I do not remember that that was the case.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The law declared what
the qualifications should be, and appointed a
board of registration, and of course that board
would decide whether the applicant had those
qualifications. That is all tliey would decide.
Mr. HOWARD. That was a mooted ques-
tion during the discussion of the bill itself as
to the extent of their judicial authority, and i
think the honorable Senator will find that the
act as we passed it contained precisely the
same power to the board as the original bill to
which he refers. I think there was no alter-
ation made in that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there wasy but
the Attorney General, however, in consequence
of this oatli being afterward put in, insisted that
that was all that was required. Now, I should
like to inquire of my friend from Michigan,
while I am up, whether he intended by leaving
the word "male" out of the oath, which was
in the law, to allow females to vote? [Laugh-
ter.] lie has left that word out, while he lias
inserted in the oatli all the other requirements
embraced in the statutes, and it would seem to
have been designedly left out by my friend from
Michigan. I wish to know whether he designed
that as an insidious way of conferring the right
of suffrage upon all the females of the South,
both black and white? [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWARD. I did not suppose it would
be necessary, certainly it is not very usual, to
require a person on oath to state whether he or
she is a male or female. If the Senator from
Illinois has been engineering a bill through this
body which required a party to take such an
oatli, and to state on oath whether he or she
was a male or a female, it is quite high time
that it should be corrected. [Laughter.]
The oath to which he refers was intended to
embrace, and it does embrace I believe specific-
ally, all the qualifications required by the law
for an applicant for registration or voting. It
is not my fault, it is not the fault of Congress,
if the Attorney General has given it a perverted
construction, or perverted it in its operations.
We are not responsible for that, it was his
duty to carry out the law according to its true
intent and meaning, and to give the oath a prac-
tical, common-sense construction. If he has
failed in that, and if that failure has necessi-
tated the present assembling of Congress, as
seems to bo true, it is not our fault, but the
fault of somebody else.
The PRESIDENT joro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment as
amended.
Mr. SUMNER. The yeas and nays have
been ordered, 1 think.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On this
question the yeas and nays are demanded.
Mr. SUMNER. I thought they had been
ordered. •
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
the yeas and nays; but there seemed to be a
general understanding that the amendment as
amended should be adopted; there did not
appear to be anybody objecting to it.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely inquired if the
yeas and nays had been ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. Let the vote be taken
again, and it can be adopted without the yeas
and nays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There has been no vote
taken yet.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The yeas
and nays have been ordered on this question,
unless the call is withdrawn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Who called for them?
Mr. SUMNER. It was my impression that
tliey were ordered; but I did not call for tliem.
. Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts inquired if they had been ordered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. .They were
ordered on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Missouri; and that amendment has
been amended; but I do not suppose that that
dispenses with the call. * However, if the call
is withdrawn that is enough.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not care about it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They are
not insisted upon. The question is on the
amendment as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I will send to the Chair an
amendment to section six, to come in at the
end of the section, to which I believe there
will be no serious objection. It is to add the
following proviso :
Provithil, That the mere act of voting for an ordi-
nance of secession, so-called, shall not of itself be
deemed under this act engaging in insurrection or
rebellion against the United States; nor shall any per-
son bedecmed disqualified for registration under this
aet merely because of his having held oi exercised the
functions of a justico of the peace, notary public,
trustee, officer, or agent of any institution of learn-
ing, commissioner of banks, railroads, canals, roads,
and bridges or highways, trustee of churches, re-
ligious associations or schools, minister, priest, or
other person vested with the authority to solemnize
marriage, State commissioner or agent for raking
acknowledgments of deeds, conveyances, deposi-
tions, or affidavits.
I have been told that iu the district of Vir-
ginia it has been ruled by General Schofield,
the officer in command of that district, that
where it appears that a persou has held an
office and taken an oath to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, and has after-
ward done nothing more in- promotion of the
rebellion than to vote for the ordinance of
secession, he is disqualified for registration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Michigan allow me to inquire whether he means
by that, voting for the ordinance of secession
at the polls, or as a member of a constitutional
convention or State Legislature? Does the
Senator from Michigan mean not to disqualify
the man who went into a*convention or Legis-
lature and there voted in his representative
capaci ty for secession ? Does the Senator want
such a man to vote?
.Mr. HOWARD. ^ It was a fact generally
true that these ordinances of secession were
submitted to the people for popular ratifica-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, no; in several cases
they were not submitted to the people.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well; in some they
were, and in some they were not. I refer
more particularly to the popular rote. Now,
the oath requires, in order to disqualify the
applicant, that he should have held an office
and taken the oath to support the Constitution
and afterward engaged in the rebellion, or
rendered it aid and comfort, or rendered aid
and comfort to the enemies of the country,
that is, the rebels. I do not think, I must
confess, that in contenqjlation of law the mere
voting in favor of an ordinance of secession
without doing any other act promotive -the
treason, the insurrection, the war, wasagiving
of aid and comfort to the enemies of the
country. I think upon trial of an issue before
a court of justice, if it should appear that the
accused had done no other act except to vote
for an ordinance of secession, he could hardly
be held guilty of treason for having rendered
aid and comfort to the enemy.
Wo all know very well that there were mul-
titudes of persons in the seceding States who
were in some sort coerced and forced by the
superior pressure of the leaders of the move-
ment to vote for the ordinance of secession,
but who are now repentant, who now regret
the course that they have taken, and who never
did any other act to promote the rebellion. It
does seem to me, I must confess, that to dis-
franchise a person for that sole cause, although
lie may now be a good Union man, although
he may be entirely sick of the experiment
which lie undertook, is rather too severe ; and
I apprehend that General Schofield, if he has
made such a ruling, has gone somewhat beyond
tlio intent of the law. It is to clear up this
doubt and remove this difficulty that I offer the
amendment. There are considerable com-
plaints, in the State of Virginia particularly,
growing out of this same cause, and we cer-
tainly ought not to shut our eyes to it.
The other portion of the amendment relates
to the classes of officers, State officers, who
were not to be excluded from registration on
account of having held State officcs. I know
as well as any one the difficulty of drawing an
cxact line of demarcation, or making out a
perfect catalogue of persons who are to be
called executive or judicial officers of a State.
These offices are so various, their functions
are so diverse, some being local, some being
general; some being important, others merely
trivial; some being of a purely local character,
others of a purely religious, moral, or educa-
tional character, that it is really very difficult
to define what is a judicial or executive State
office. Ill order to make it as clear as practi-
cable, I have, in the latter part of my amend-
ment inserted a clause excluding by name cer-
tain classes of ofticers and functionaries from
the operation of the disqualification. I sub-
mit it to the Senate, and I shall, for one cer-
tainly, be very much disposed to vote in favor
of it. I shall be very glad to hear the views of
Senators upon the subjects embraced in the
amendment.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to ask whether
the Senator includes members of the bar in his
amendment. I understand from its reading
that there is a long enumeration of particular
officers. I suppose thai the members of the
