558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
stringent; and I should propose to do it if it
was not- that I feel bound to refrain; but. it
ought to be done. The judiciary committee
will find that, before this work of reconstruc-
tion is complete, you have yet to make more
stringent enactments. I would that the prop-
osition of the distinguished Senator from
Maine [Mr. Pessenden] had been adopted,
and that we had wiped out with one swoop
every officer in these States. I would have
put these States under the rale of military con-
trol, directed and governed by the supreme
power of this nation. They deserve it; and I
can stand here or in the day of judgment and
defend myself with a myriad of speechless but
potest witnesses. I could point the Senator
from Michigan to wounds upon that Constitu-
tion which lie is so careful to construe now in
behalf of liberality to rebels. I can point to
him scars that will never be healed, wounds
that can never be closed. And yet at this
time and under these circumstances we are
asked to open wide the gate's of danger and let an
invading enemy within ourvory political tenrple.
Mr. President, in my feeble way I have
attempted to show why I think that, above all
other men, those who voted treason ought to
be disfranchised. A justice of the peace can bo
disposed of by a single popular election ; but
those who voted for secession were the con-
gregated and aggregated mass on which the
leading traitors relied. I know that what I have
said will probably have no effect before the
superior power of the Senator from Michigan ;
but I would save the committee from doing
what the Senator from Illinois charged me with
to-day. I would make no mistake in this re-
construction bill; but whatever we may do I
fear it will be considered faulty elsewhere. We
have had only two editions of the Attorney
General's opinions; but my friend from Illi-
nois will not be seated in his prairie home
before there will be another edition. This bill,
as 1 understand it, simply reenacts the existing
law, with some explanation; but a man who
seeks to overthrow it, and looks for reasons
why a law should not be executed, can find
them anywhere. I congratulate the country
that we have not an Attorney General actuated
by the same motives and having the same
: legal powers as the Senator from Michigan.
If he_ were made Attorney General, with his
additional powers, acquirements, and astute-
ness, I know not what would bo the result.
Whatever you do now, you will find an opinion
to overthrow you. I propose to give them as
stringent a tiling to overthrow as I can; and
above all, I conjure the Senate and this nation
never to commit the mistake of trusting the
liberties of this country in the hands of men
who voted to overthrow it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand that our
proceedings are likely to be interrupted in the
course of a few moments by a message from
the House. I wish' to say to the Senate, after
having had conversations with many of the
body, that it seems to be the general desire to
get to an early vote upon this measure; and I
trust we may have an understanding that we
will to-morrow arrive at a vote upon it. I
should be glad to have it understood that we
shall vote at some particular hour; but if that
cannot be done I trust Senators will come
here to-morrow with the understanding that we
shall remain until we dispose of the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr, President, the hon-
orable Senator from Nevada [Mr. Nye,] entirely
.misunderstands me if he supposes that it is the
intention or effect of the amendment which I
have offered to enlarge the elective privileges
granted by the existing statutes. I by no
means intend to open the door wider; and he
has known metoo long and known my principles
too well, I apprehend, to entertain any such
apprehension in regard to myself. All that I
am anxious for is to carry out the proposition
which we have made in our laws for the recon-
struction of the rebel States in its true intent
and spirit. I do not propose to alter it in any
essential particular. I see no necessity of so
doing, I think the terms of the offer are very
liberal indeed—are more liberal than the people
of the rebel States are entitled to expect at
our hands. But, sir, we know very well that
questions of a very serious character have
arisen under these laws—that the Attorney
General has given them a construction in many
respects tending to defeat the intent of the
Congress that enacted them ; and all _ the
object of my amendment now offered is to
ascertain the sense of the Senate as to what is
the meaning and legal effect of the words
which I shall read from the fourteenth article
of amendments to the Constitution, and which
are also incorporated in the oath prescribed
in the supplemental act. In the constitu-
tional amendment we proposed the following
provision:
"xfo person shall bo a Senator or Representative
in Congress, or elector of President and Vice Presi-
dent, or hold any office, civil or military,under the
United States, or under any State, who, having pre-
viously taken an oath, as a member of Congress, or
as an officer of the United States, or as a member of
any State Legislature, or as an executive or judicial
officer of any State, to support the Constitution of
the United States, shall have engaged in insurrection
or rebellion against the same, or given aid or com-
fort to the enemies thereof."
Now, the question raised here is simply this:
whether the mere fact of having voted at a
popular election in favor of an ordinance of
secession is, in contemplation of the act itself
and of this amendment of the Constitution, an
act rendering aid and comfort to the enemies
of the United States? In other words, is such
a vote treason against the United States; and
did we intend when wo passed that constitu-
tional amendment and the supplemental re-
construction act, which recites and embodies
it, to exclude from registration and voting
every person who voted at a popular election
in favor of an ordinance of secession? That
is the question. The language in which it is
couched has been differently construed by dif-
ferent boards of registration, as I am told,
some boards holding that such a vote in favor
of secession precluded the applicant from re-
gistration, and consequently from voting, while
some other boards hold that that vote does not
operate to exclude the applicant from regis-
tration. Here is a conflict of opinion among
the boards who are to decide upon tho rights
of the applicant to registration. A doubt, and
in many cases a painful doubt, exists as to the
true legal effect.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Michigan will suspend his remarks
to enable the Chair to receive a message from
tho House of Representatives.
death 01' hon. c. denison.
Mr. McPiierson, Clerk of the House of
Representatives, appeared below tho bar and
announced that he was instructed to notify the
Senate of the death of Hon. Charles Dexison",
late a Representative from the State of Penn-
sylvania, and to communicate the proceedings
of the House thereon.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I ask for the reading
of the resolutions received from tho House.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They will
be read.
The Chief Clerk read the resolutions of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. BUCKALEW, Mr. President, the're-
ception of the resolutions before us from the
House of Representatives imposes upon me
the duty of submitting some remarks concern-
ing the late Representative from the twelfth
congressional district of my State. And I
must commence with the expression of my
regret that I am not prepared to speak fully
and clearly upon all the points which are
appropriate to the occasion.
I knew Mr. Desison" for twenty-four years;
during which time he was a member of tho bar,
andresidentat Wilkesbarre, in Luzerne county.
In recent years, in consequence of feeble
health and^ the pressure of public duties, he
withdrew himself from the practice of his pro-
fession and bestowed his attention somewhat
to agricultural pursuits. The family of which
he came is one of distinction in the history of
the Wyoming valley, a fact which was favor-
able to his success at the bar and in public life.
Mr. DeniSOU was born January 23, 1818,
and was a student at Dickinson College, where
he graduated in J839. Ho was elected a Rep-
resentative in Congress in 18G2 for the district
composed of Luzerne and Susquehanna coun-
ties. He was reelected in 1864, and again in
1866, on each of the latter occasions by in-
creased majorities, for he was able to con-
centrate upon himself a large measure of
popular favor, and possessed some marked
cjualities of mind and character for command-
ing it. His will was firm; his industry con-
stant; his temper steady, though sometimes
pronounced, and his courage was unquestion-
able. He was of the men who pursue an
object in private life with perseverance and
zeal, and who, when placed in public stations,
do not bend before the pressure of the times.
But tenacity of purpose, resolute courage, and
fidelity to conviction, important as they are to
success in such a career as his, are not alone
sufficient to secure it. He possessed in addi-
tion a sound judgment, a sense and love of
humor, and fidelity to associates and friends.
Hence he was able more perfectly to combine
the elements of success as a professional and
public man ; to win and hold and use the con-
fidence and attachment of client and voter.
Mr. Denison' did not claim to be eminent as
a profound lawyer, an eloquent speaker, or an
accomplished man of the world. He was plain,
though easy in his manners, genial and social
in private intercourse, and sensible everywhere.
He made no false pretensions, and if he could
now dictate his picture to us, would desire to
be painted as he was, and in no false or flaring
colors of art.
Mr. Dexisox's political convictions were
extremely ardent and uncompromising. What
he said in the House of Representatives and
his votes there mark this trait of his character
distinctly. It was never doubteS that his polit-
ical opinions were sincere, and he always gave
them unflinching support.
After the adjournment of Congress at the
short session last spring, Mr. Dexisox re-
mained a short time in Washington, and I
saw him almost daily. His health was then
much broken, and he was not hopeful of its
restoration; but his mind was not clouded by
gloom nor was its energy impaired. It is a
cause of gratification to me that I was able to
serve him at that time in several matters of
business and of friendship in which his feel-
ings were deeply interested, and thus contrib-
ute to his composure and satisfaction of mind.
When he left I indulged the expectation that
the repose and comforts of home would invig-
orate his frame and enable him to meet with
us once more in council; but it has been
otherwise ordered. His home has been clothed
in mourning and his seat among the Repre-
sentatives of the people is vacant. He died at
Wilkesbarre of pulmonary disease a, few days
before the commencement of our present ses-
sion, and it only remains for us to acquiesce in
the event, to accept the instruction which it
affords, and to adopt appropriate resolutions of
respect for the memory of the deceased.
I offer for consideration and adoption by the
Senate the following resolutions:
Beaoleed, That the Senate has received with deep
sensibility the announcement of the death of Hon.
Charles Dexjsox, late a member of the House of
Representatives Irorn the State of Pennsylvania.
ilesohed, That the members of the Senate, as a
mark of respect for the memory of the deceased, will
go into mourning by wearing crape on the left arm
for the residue of the session.
Resolved, That as a fuither mark of respect for the
memory ofthedeeeased tho Senatodo nowadjourn.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I rise to
second the motion of my colleague, and I
regret that I knew only a short time ago, since
the Senate met to-day, that these resolutions
were to be presented, for the reason that I am
not as well prepared to do justice to the char-
acter of the deceased as I should be if I had
had notice.
I knew Mr. Denison very slightly. I knew
his family well. He was born in the far-famed
