1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
559
valley of Wyoming, perhaps the most beauti-
ful part of Pennsylvania, if it is not the most
beautiful portion of the United States. That
valley was settled by some of the most intelli-
gent people who came into Pennsylvania, cer-
tainly by the most heroic and gallant and pa-
triotic men that ever lived in any portion of
this country. The early settlers were from
New England. They came there at an early
day; they came when the boundaries of the
State were not sufficiently known, and re-
mained there a long time before their titles
were properly settled. During the .Revolution
tiie settlers were active in support of the cause
of the country. After the Revolution they
were harassed by such troubles as the people
of no other part of Pennsylvania were sub-
jected to. They had great troubles about their
titles, and they had to contend with a long
series of Indian invasions and massacres of the
most cruel kind. On one occasion nearly all
the people had taken refuge in a block house,
but were by some means surrounded and de-
stroyed. Among those massacred there was
the grandfather of Mr. Denison. In after
years George Denison, the uncle of this gen-
tleman, served several years in Congress, and
after having been ill Congress he served in our
State Legislature. He was a man known to
everybody in Pennsylvania for his very high
order of talents and for his very great integ-
rity." No public man has ever lived in Penn-
sylvania who has made such a record for these
two great qualities as George Denison, and
no man, public or private, in his day did more
by his services in the Legislature to develop
the region which gave him birth.
The people of that valley, from their earliest
history, paid more attention to the cultivation
of their intellects and their manners than any
other portion of our people. The first schools
of any importance established in the State were
in the valley of Wyoming; and in consequence
01" this the immediate descendants of the earlier
settlers were people of culture, far advanced
above other portions of our people. It is,
besides, a section of country most highly fa-
vored by nature. The valley itself, in its agri-
cultural luxuriance, is equal to any part of the
far-famed valley of the Mississippi. Every
rood of it is eultivatable soil, and below the
surface the earth abounds in as fine mineral
coal as can be found in any other part of the
world. There is no equal amount of territory
so rich in soil and minerals as the valley of
Wyoming. It was there that Mr. Dkvtrox was
born, and there lived and died his ancestors.
It was there that lie received his early instruc-
tion. It is there that his associations were
made. He could therefore hardly fail to have
been a man of marked ability and marked
culture.
He and I did not agree in political senti-
ment, but his uncle and myself did. I have
always believed him to be not only a man of
talent and culture, but a man of entire honesty
and of the most pure life and high-toned senti-
ments. I knew, also, very well the family from
which his wife sprang. They, also, were peo-
ple who took part in the Revolution and all the
struggles of this country ; but they resided in a
different part of the Slate. I offer to his wife
and children my most sincere sympathy for the
loss of their husband and father. I can only
add that I cordially unite in the resolutions of
my colleague.
The resolutions were adopted nem. con.; and
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 10, 1807.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
message mou tiie senate.
A message was received from the Senate,
by Mr. McDonald, its Chief Clerk, notifying
the House that that body had passed an aet
_(S. No. 167) to establish certain post roads;
in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House.
treatment of union prisoners.
Mr. SHANKS. ' I ask unanimous consent
to introduce the following preamble and reso-
lution :
Whereas there lias been no thorough and system-
atio investigation of the treatment by tlie confeder-
ate authorities and people of Union officers, soldiers,
and citizens captured or held by them during the
rebellion; and wliereas it is important to the nation
that such investigation should be had and a record
thereof bo made: Therefore, '
Keeolved, That a special committee of five mem-
bers of this House be appointed to make such invest-
igation, and to record the facts thereby obtained,
and report the same to the House at anytime with
such recommendations as may seem proper.
lie itjurther resolved, That such committee, for the
purpose of this investigation, shall have power to
send tor persons and papers, to appoint a clerk and
stenographer, and to sit during any rcccss of the
House; and that the expenses of the investigation
be paid from the contingent fund of the House.
Be it further resolved, That it is believed through-
out the country that the confederate authorities
were cognizant of, and participants in, great out-
rages upon the laws of war, of civilization, and of our
common humanity, which were perpetrated upon
Union officers, soldiers, sailors, mnrinec, andeitizons
while in their power; and thatsaid authorities acted
through inferior officials* and citizens. And as such
persons may be deterred from giving evidence through
fear of punishment for their said offenses, therefore
the committee aie hereby empowered to report an
act of grace and amnesty, according to parliamentary
usage, to any person or persons having cognizance
of tbc unlawful treatment of persons as aforesaid,
who hasnot already been put on trial and convicted
by a court of competent jurisdiction for complicity
thenein, who shall give material and truthful evi-
dence tending to bring to light the facts connected
with such unlawful treatment. And that in the
judgment of the House no person in whose favor
such report is made ought to bo brought to trial, or
any evidence given by him to the committeo used
against such person on any trial.
Mr. WOOD. ^ I object.
Mr. SIIANKS. X move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I inquire
whether it would not he better to refer this
investigation to the committee already raised
by the resolution of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts? [Mr. ]
Mr. SHANKS. That committee has as
much now as it can do.
Mr. WOOD. We have no power to delegate
to a committee of this House to grant a gen-
eral amnesty; and I rise to a question of
order, that this resolution proposes an appro-
priation, and must uuder the rules have its
first consideration in the Committee of the
Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair'overrules the
point of order. The gentleman is aware there
is a contingent fund provided by general^ap-
propriation bill passed by both Houses, and
an appropriation of this kind is not considered
to come under uie rule. *
Mr. WOOD. It is a traveling committee to
go over the whole country.
The House divided j and there were—ayes
47, noes 38 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. SHANKS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The pievious question was taken ; and it was
decided in the alfirmative—yeas 79, nays 37.
not voting 52 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, leaker. Banks, Blair,
Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Butler. Churchill,
Header W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cornell,
Covode, Dawes. Donnelly, Eekley,Kggleston, Earns-
worth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Fmney, Gravely, Ham-
ilton, Harding, Hayes, Hill, Hopkins. Chester D.
Hubbard, 11 ulburd, Hunter. Ingeisoll, Judd, Julian,
Kelley, lvelsey, ICitehen, Ivoontz, breorgc V. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Logan, Lougbridge, Mc-
Clurg, Mereur, Miller, Moore, Myers, JNeweouib,
O'Neill, Orth, Perham, Pike, Pile Plants Polsley,
liaum, Robertson, Sawyer, Scolield, bhanks, bnella-
barger, Smith, Starkweather, Aaron 1. Stevens,
Tafte, Taylor, Trowbiidge, Tvnchell, Upson, Van
Aernam, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Henry D.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker Thomas
Williams, William Williams, and John 1. Wilson—/#.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Barnes, Beaman,
Bingham, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Driggs, Gctz, Gloss-
brenner, Griswold, Haight Holrnan, Hotclikiss,
Jenokcs, Kerr, Marshall,.Marvin, McCarthy, Mc-
Cullough, Morgan. Mornssey, Mungen, ^liblaek,
Nicholson, Phelps, Price, Kobmson, Boss, Sitgreaves,
Spalding, Stone, Taber, Van Auken, Van Irump,
and Wood—37. ^
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Delos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Benjamin, Ben-
ton, Blaine, Buckland, Cake, Chanler, Coburn, Cook,
Cullom, Dixon, Dodge, Ela, Eldridge, Eliot, Fox,
Garfield, Halsey,Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Hum-
phrey, Keteham, Laflin, Lincoln, Loan, Lynch, Mal-
lory, Moorhead, Morrell, Noell, Paine, Peters, Po-
W Pomeroy, Pruyn, Randall, Schenok, Selye,
Ihaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Thomas, Burt Van Horn,
itobert 1. Van Horn, Van Wyck, James F. "Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—52.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended.
Mr. SHANKS. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the demand while I call his attention, as
I did that of my colleague day before yesterday,
to the phraseology of one of these resolutions.
1 had my doubts about the wisdom of passing
such a resolution at the time, but I was led to
believe from statements made here that it did
not bear the construction which I apprehended
it might bear; but on seeing it in print—and I
see that the gentleman from Indiana has copied
the former resolution—it is very apparent that
it is open to the construction to which I called
the^ attention of my colleague when it was up
before. It attempts to pledge the faith of the
Government not only that no person shall have
used against him the evidence which he gives
before the committee, but that he shall not be
tried at all upon any evidence from any source.
Now, very likely it may bo proper to so
pledge the faith of the Government, but it does
it in this resolution in advance to any person
who shall give testimony. It declares that he
shall not be tried if the committee make a
report in his favor. It does not say "if tho
House shall coincide with the committee," but
the language is "that in the judgment of the
House no person in whose favor such report
shall be made ought to be brought to trial, or
any evidence given by him to the committee
used against such person on any trial." Such
is the resolution we passed the other day ; it
pledges in advance the faith of this country to
anybody who, intheopinion oftliatcommiitee,
whether the House agree or not, ought to have
amnesty granted to him ; that he shall not be
tried at all.
I regret very much that that phraseology was
contained in the resolution passed the other
day, and unless it is stricken out of the
present resolution I shall be obliged to vote
against it. While I said th6 other day that I
would trust my colleague or any committee
appointed by this House as soon as I would
trust any other live men, I nevertheless did
not deem it wise to pledge in advance the faith
of this Government to any person, however
much he might be involved in that conspiracy,
or however valuable the evidence which the
country might obtain upon such a pledge. I
hope the gentleman will modify that resolution
or strike it out altogether. ■
Mr. SHANKS. I was not well pleased with
the phraseology referred to in the resolution
offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts.
I oulv inserted it here because it was passed by
tho House the other day. My opinion was
then and it is now that that part of the reso-
lution is objectionable. T shall not, therefore,
insist upon retaining it, but am perfectly willing
to strike out that part relating to amnesty.
Mr. SPALDING. Will not the mover allow
the subject to be referred to the special com-
mittee appointed to inquire into the assassina-
tion of the President? I am averse to making
so many committees. The charges for all these
committees will be against the contingent fund,
and 1 do not think that fund will bear it. If
the gentleman will allow me I will make the
motion to refer it to that committee.
Mr. SHANKS. I have already declined to
allow that motion to be made.
The last resolution was accordingly modified
by striking out the latter part, as follows :
And that in the judgment of tho House no person
in whose favor such report shall bo made ou-vht to bo
brought to trial, or any evidence given by him to the
committee used as evidence against such person on
any trial.
Mr. SHANKS. I now renew tho demand
for the previous question.
