560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
The previous question was seconded-
56, noes 54; and the main question ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask for a separate vote
on the resolutions.
Mr. DRIGGS. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the first resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on the first resolu-
tion, and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 100, nays 29, not voting 39; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, James M. Ashley,
Baker, Bauks.Beaman, Benjamin, Benton,Bingham,
Blair, Boufcwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland,But-
ler, Ghurchill, Header W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb.Ooburn, Cook, Cornell, Covode, Cullom, Dawes,
i^umelly, Driggs, Eckley, Bggleston, Ferriss, Ferry,
Fields, Garfield, Gravely, Griswold, Halsey, Hamil-
ton, Harding, Hayes, Hill, Hopkins, Chester V. Hub-
bard, Hulburd, Hunter, Ingersoll, Judd, Julian, XCel-
ley, Kolsey, Kitchen, ICoontz, George V. Lawrence,
Wil 1 iara._Lawronce, Loan, Logan, Loughridge.Mar-
vin, McCarthy, McClurg, Mercur, Miller, Mome,
Moorhead, Myers, Newcomb, O'Neill, Orth, Paine,
Perham, Pike, Plants, Polsley, Raum, Robertson,
Sawyer, Selye, Shanks, Shellabarger, Smith, Spald-
ing, Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddcus Ste-
vens, Taffe, Taylor, Trowbridge, Twichell, VanAer-
nam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward,
CadwaladerC. Washburn, Henry D.Washburn, Wil-
liainB. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams, Wil-
liam Williams, James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson,
and Windotn—100.
NA5JS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Baldwin, Barnes,
Boycr, Biooks, Burr, Geis,, Glossbrenner, Haight,
Holman, ilotchkiss, Kerr, Marshall, McCullough,
Morgan, Morrbsey, Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson,
Noeil, Phelps, Robinson, Sitgreaves, Stone, Taber,
Van AuL:en, Van Trump, and Wood—29.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Delos R. Ashley,
Blame, Cake, Chanler, Dixon,Dodge, Ela, Eldridgc,
Eliot, Farnswoifch, Finney, Fox,Hooper, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Humphrey, Jenckes, Ketcham, Laflin,
Lincoln, Lynch, Mallory, Morrell, Peters, Pile, Po-
land, Pom eroy, Price, Pruyn, Randall,Ross, Sehenck,
Seofiold, Stewart, Thomas, Upson, Van Wyck, Ste-
phen Wilson, and Woodbridgo—39.
Mr. SHANKS. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the House agreed to the first
resolution, and to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The next question was on the second reso-
lution ; which was agreed to.
The question recurred oti_ agreeing to the
third resolution.
Mr. SPALDING. Was not that resolution
withdrawn?
The SPEAKER. No; the gentleman from
Indiana modified it, but did not withdraw it.
Mr. SHANKS. Let me explain.
The SPEAKER.. The House is acting under
the previous question, and debate is not in order.
Sir. SHANKS. I ask unanimous consent to
explain the third resolution.
Mr. SPALDING. 1 object.
Mr. BITRIt. I demand the yeas and nays
on the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken: and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 57, nays 75, not voting
3(1; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. James M. Ashley, Baker, Banks,
Benton, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Butler, Sid-
ney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Dawes, Donnelly, Eckley,
Ferriss Fields Harding, Hopkins, Chester D. Hub-
bard,Hulburd, Hunter, Judd, Julian,Kelley, Kelsey,
Kitchen, Kuonlz, William Lawrenno, Loan. Logan,
Ijonshridge.McCiuig, Miller, Moorhead, Orth, Paine,
Pci ham, Pike, Polsley, Raum, Sawyer, Selye, Shanks,
Starkweather, Aaron . Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens,
Taflb, Trowbridge, Twichell, Van Aernam, Burt Van
Horn, Robert T.^Van Horn. Cadwaladfr C. Wash-
burn, Homy D. Washburn, William Williams, John
T. Wilson, and Windom—57.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson, Archer,
Baldwin, Barnes, Beaman, Benjamin, Bingham,
Blair, Boyer, Brooks, Buckland, Burr, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke, Cook, Cornell, Cnvode, Cullom,
Dixon, Driggs, 131a, Ferry, Finney, Gartield, Get:'-,
Gio^brenner, Griswold, Haight, Hamilton,' Hayes,
liolman, Hotehkiss, Ingersoll, Jenckes,Kerr, George
V. Lawrence, Marshall, Marvin, McCarthy, McCul-
lough, Mercur, Moore, Morrissey, Mungen, Myers,
Neweoinb.Nibiack, Nicholson, Noell.O'Neill, Peters,
Phelps. Price, Randall, Robertson, Robinson, Ross,
Sehenck, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding,
Stone, Taber, Upson, Van Auken, Van Trump,
William B. Washburn, Welket, Thomas Williams,
Jimies F. Wibon, Wood, and Woodbridge—75.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Delos R. Ashley,
Blaine, Cake, Chanler, Dodge, Eggleston, Eldridgc,
Eliot, Farnsworih, Fox, Gravely, Halsey, Hill,
Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Humphrey, Ketcham,
Laflui Lincoln, Lynch, Mallory, Morgan. Morrell,
rue, Piants, Poland, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Scoficld,
Stewart, Taylor, Thomas, Van Wyek, Ward, and
Stephen F. Wilson—36.
So the third resolution was disagreed to.
The question' recurred upon the preamble.
Mr. SHANKS. I move to amend the pre-
amble so as to read as follows :
Whereas it is expedient that the subject of the
treatment of prisoners of war and Union citizens
held by the confederate authorities during therecent
rebellion should be thoroughly investigated.
I demand the previous question on the pre-
amble.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment to the preamble
was agreed to.
The preamble, as amended, was then adopted.
Mr. SHANKS moved to reconsider the sev-
eral votes by which the preamble and resolu-
tions were adopted ; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled an act (H. R.
No. 10*7)to establish certainpost roads; when
the Speaker signed the same.
personal explanation.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to say a word or two in the nature of personal
explanation, and I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for that purpose.
No objection was made.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. It is in
regard to an article in the New York Herald
of the 8th instant. I desire to say that if these
remarks related only to niyself.no matter what
they were, I should treat them, as I do all such
things, without notice. And, indeed, in re-
gard to any principles which I am supposed
to have enunciated I have nothing to say. It
is because the article contains unpleasant per-
sonal strictures on others that I desire to say
a word, and I shall confine myself to that
alone.
This publication purports to be the disclos-
ure of a private conversation with me some
two or three weeks ago. I have no disposi-
tion to criticise the practice of disclosing pri-
vate conversations if-any person will undertake
it in the newspapers. This puiports to be an
account of a private conversation in my sitting-
room. I have no fault to find with the gen-
tleman. He seemed to be very much of a
gentleman. He seemed to be an intelligent
gentleman. I believe he is both. He called
at my house and asked to have some conver-
sation with me. I assented. I allowed him
as much time as he chose to talk; and he
talked to me like a very intelligent, gentle-
manly man, as T have no doubt he was. The
only fault I have to find wilh Mm is that, with-
out submitting the manuscript to me, he has
disclosed what he says was my conversation
with regard to my associates on this floor.
All the rest of the article, including the criti-
cisms upon myself, I care nothing about, and
do not object to their accuracy, though I am
charged with entertaining certain foolish polit-
ical aspirations.
But to come to the point. In the first place,
so far as my remarks are supposed to have had
reference to any members of this House, I do,
as I have a right to do, disclaim them all. Not
knowing precisely how far anything actually
said would justify the inferences drawn by the
writer, I disclaim the whole and repudiate
the sentiments attributed to me. I do not
desire that anything of that kind should stand
on record against any of my associates in this
House. Therefore, even if I had said such
things yesterday in debate, I should rise to-day
and apologize and disclaim them all. But, sir,
1 do not admit the truth of these statements,
because that would be opening the question of
a private disclosure. I speak only of the per-
sonalities.
• I will refer to a single instance to show how
absurd some of these statements are. The
reference to the distinguished gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schekck] and his colleagues seems
to me to be its own answer. It is stated
that I accused him of "want of backbone
and blood." Now, sir, if there be anything for
which that distinguished gentleman has been
noted ever since I first knew him, some twenty
years ago I think, it is a determined will and
" backbone," which would bear him through
anything he might undertake. If he has not
quite as much "blood" as he had before he
went into the field, it is of quite as pure a
quality, not deteriorated by his action m favor
of the nation. So with reference to what I am
stated to have said, although I believe it is
more in the shape of inference than otherwise,
with regard to the distinguished gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.] Iam rep-
resented as saying that he had acquired his
reputation by false pretenses. Now, sir, if
there is anything in the world of which that
gentleman would" everywhere be acquitted, and
of which it,would be absurd to accuse him, it is
acquiring reputation or anything else by false
pretenses.
I shall, therefore, sir, distinctly and in a
lump repudiate the whole of these personal
remarks, holding myself responsible for them
in no way. While I cannot help condemning
this writer for undertaking to disclose what he
admits to have been a private conversation so
far as persons are concerned, yet I am not
disposed to find fault with him except with
regard to the disparaging remarks which I am
represented as having made with reference to
my associates on this floor, all -which remarks
I disclaim. I consider the balance of the arti-
cle as no breach of confidence.
Mr. BUTLER. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] permit me to ask
him whether in that conversation he asserted
his belief that the New York Herald was the
only true Union newspaper during the war?
[Laughter. ]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. This cross-
questioning is very dangerous, for it might
bring me into difficulty with my friend Mr.
Greeley. [Laughter.]
suspension of rules.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move to suspend the
rules to allow me to record my vote upon the
passage of the bill passed yesterday, amenda-
tory of the reconstruction acts.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CO VODE. I move that the rules be
suspended so as to allow all members who
desire it to record their votes on that bill dur-
ing to-day.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, I would in-
quire whether, in order that the record maybe
regular, it is not proper that these votes should
be recorded by general consent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, under the
rules, has no power to ask general consent for
such a purpose.
Mr. BROOKS. By the process now pro-
posed, may wc not reverse our action upon a
bill some days after it has passed?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would not put
the question in such a case, without notifying
the House what might be the result.
Mr. BROOKS. If general consent were
asked, I presume there would be no objection.
That, according to my recollection, lias been
the usual practice.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot ask
general consent for such a purpose. A sus-
pension of the rules is the only method of
reaching the object.
Mr. G-ETZ. I would inquire whether the
recording of these votes would change the
result? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. It would not. If the vote
were close the Chair would advise the House
of that fact.
The motion of Mr. Covode was agreed to.
Messrs. Broomall, Cokxbll, and^ Covode
recorded their votes in the affirmative ; and
Messrs. Haight and Kekr in the negative.
homestead settlement in alabama, etc.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill further to extend and apply the
