1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
56r3
and fearless men,'be appointed to inquire into the
conduct of these men; I have forborne to complain
until I could be assured of the verity of these charges.
Respectfully,
THOMAS E. BRAMLETTE.
Governor of Kentucky.
His Excellency A. Lincoln, President of the United
States, Washington, District of Columbia.
Extracts from the Report of General Speed S. F)-y,
and John M. J) r oxen's Report to Major (jeneral Rux~
bridge, pages 27 and 31.
It is proper here to state that General Paine was
chiefly advised by the following persons, to each of
■whom particular reference will be made hereafter:
Hon. Lueien Anderson, member of Congress; John
F. Bollinger.
Your committee distinctly and deliberately charge
that these men and eaGh of them, except Ridd, are
guilty ,of corruption* bribery, and malfeasance in
office. The case of Bollinger will be first alluded to
as belonging to the trade policy of BrigadierGeneral
Paine during the time that General Paine's tax on
tobacco and cotton was. in full force. Bollinger (J.
T.) shipped, as his own affidavit shows, about 142
hogsheads of tobacco and 84 bales of cotton. The
total sum paid by him as fees and permits was $10, as
will appear from his own affidavit and that of J. E.
Woodward. But in addition to this peculiar exemp-
tion, it will be seen from the sworn statements of L.
T. Bradley, master of the Government steamer Con-
voy, that a Government steamer was put at Bollin-
ger's disposal for the purpose of bringing his cotton
and tobacco from a point where ho had collected it,
and that United States soldiers wore detailed for the
fatigue duty of loading it into tb_o boats. So thor-
oughly was the community convinced of Anderson,
Bollinger. Hall, Ridd, and Bartlcy, with Brigadier
General Paine, that a lucrative trade in vouchers
of loyalty and intercession had already sprung up
when your committee arrived, and in some instances
heavy sums were paid for permits, which, if admis-
sible, should have freely been granted; if impropor,
should have, of course, bocn refused.
From pago 31 your comminittee have but briefly
alluded to the facts that will appear more fully in
the paper which accompanies this report. Tbey beg
leave to particularize the parties in their judgment
who are most culpable, ana name—
1. Hon. Lucien Anderson, member of Congress;
a reference to a statement of this person made
before your committee, under oath, and numbered
120, which clearly shows his complicity with Major
Bartley, provost marshal. '
SPEED S. FRY, Brigadier General
United States Army, President Committee.
JOHN MASON BROWN,
Colonel Forty-Fifth Kentucky Volunteer Mounted
Infantryv Commanding second Brigade, first Divis-
ion Military District of Kentucky.
As to the credibility and general character of
Anderson and Bollinger, I submit these papers with-
out further comment.
William P. Ellethrop says in his affidavit that on
or about the 1st of June, 1861, L. S. Ellethrop & Co.,
(of which firm he was a member,) D. A. Given, L. M.
Fiournoy, and L S. Trimble, formed a partnership
for the purpose of in substance carrying on a general
smuggling business in sundry bacon, flour, whisky,
and other articles through the Federal lines and sell-
ing them to the agents of the so-called confederate
States, in violation of the laws and regulations of the
Treasury Department then existing. It must be
known, for it is ahistorical fact, that Tennessee at
that time was still in the Union. Not until long after
that time did Governor Harris and his associates pre-
tend to claim that by vote of the people or his (Har-
ris) proclamation Tennessee had severed her con-
nection with the Federal Government. On the 1st
of June, 1861, no meetingof theThirty-Seventh Con-
gress had taken place. Nor did that Congress meet
until the 4th of July, 1861. At that time, the 1st of
June, 1861, no law had passed Congress in any
manner interfering with the commerce between the
States, or between Kentucky and Tennessee, or
authorizing the President by proclamation so to do.
On the 13th day of July. 1861 and August, 16, 1801,
Congress authorized the Presidency proclamation
to in'terfeie when in his judgment it was expedient.
On the 16th day of August, 1861, the President issued
an order suspending the commercial relations be-
tween some of the States, of which you must have
judicial knowledge. All of which occurred long after
the time Ellethrop says he and others were violating
these laws and Treasury regulations under thorn.
The truth is. on that day, June 1,1861, respondent
was the Union Democratic candidate for Congress,
(the Thirty-Seventh,) against Hon. H. C. Burnett,
which canvass he prosecuted almost day and night
until the election on the 20th of June, 1861, with the
energy and ability he possessed, being ono of the most
exciting contests in the State, or that ever occurred
in that district. Considered a forlorn hope, and after
all others had declined the honor, with defeat inev-
itable, respondent, espousing and advocating the
cause of the Union party in Kentucky, with their
principles and platforms as announced at Louisville
by James Speed and others, opposing secession and
rebellion. As to the manner or the perils and danger
attending that canvass I will not speak; it is apart
of the political history of that district.
While respondentwas thus engaged, Ellethrop and
many of the persons who are now slandering and
persecuting respondent, were engaged in yelling for
Jeff. Davis and swearing respondent ought to be hung
for opposing Davis and secession. Many who voted
for Symes were engaged in the same business.
Ellethrop nowhere states that respondent was
present or knew of these transactions, oxeoptwhen
the copartnership was formed, on or about the 1st of
June, 1861, which is positively false, although there
was no law of the character spoken of to bo evaded
or violated at that time.
It must be apparent to every impartial mind, from
the whole tenor of EUcthrop's affidavit, that ho estab-
lishes beyond cavil his own corruption and infamy.
Your ignorancoof his infamous character alone ren-
ders this comme.nt necessary. Not content with slan-
dering me, he seeks to render infamous the memory
of his dead brothers, D. W. and L. S. Ellethrop. D.
W. Ellethrop, as I understand, was at that time in
thosecret service of theUnited States,and continued
in that service until the close of the war, as the rolls
in the War Office will show.
To make any statements made by respondent to
any one evidence against him, the witness must
show and state all that was said upon the subject at
that time. No rule of law can bo clearer than this.
For reasons then obvious to mx friends, and be-
cause I had the right to leave, respondent was absent
from that section of the country from the 20th of
June, 1861, with the exception of four or five days,
and remained absent until somo two weeks after the
occupation of Paducah by General Grant, on the 6th
of September, 1861. Even if it wore legal for respond-
ent to disprove the statements made in the^^wte
affidavits already submitted to the committee by
counter-affidavits, orto bo finally settled in thatway,
he has had no timo to do so, and thereforo contents
himself for the present with the foregoing, with entire
confidence as to the result ending in his triumphant
vindication from these calumnies and his undoubted
right to a seat in the Fortieth Congress.
1 had hoped before the action of the committee on
yesterday to have met the committee and presented
my objections to their action with this communica-
tion.
I now respectfully ask that the same, with the
accompanying papers, bo referred to the Committee
of Elections.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
L. S. TRIMBLE.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Mr. ADAMS. I also present a communi-
cation of Mr. John D. Young, in response to
Mr. Samuel McKee's notice of intention to
contest his right to a seat as a Representative
from the ninth district of Kentucky.
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections, and ordered to be printed
in the Globe. It i« as follows:
Owinusville, Bath County, Kentucky,
June 2i, 1867.
Sir : I acknowledge the receipt on the 15th instant
of your notice of intention to contest my right to a
seat in the Fortieth Congress as member for the
ninth district, and your reasons for so doing. After
your explicit declaration to me, before a largo and
intelligent audience at Maysviile, that you would
not contest my right to a seat in Congress if I should
be elected by a majority of the legal voters of thodis-
trict, and your equally explicit recognition of the
right of returned rebels under the Constitution and
laws of Kentucky to vote at the election, you will
pardon me if I express my surpiise at your want of
good faith, and your open violation of your pledges
to the people, in this attempt to obtain a place in
Congress, which the people of the district refused so
decidedly to award you. As I intend to maintain by
every fair and honorable means the right of this peo-
ple to be represented in Congress by the man of their
choice, and my right by virtue of their suffrages to
be that Representative; and as the act of Congress
in regard to contested elections imposes upon mo the
duty of replying to your noticeofits specifications,
I shall proceed to do so with all the freedom which
truth and justice will warrant.
In answer to your first assignment of reasons, I
deny there is one word of truth in your charge, that
I did not remain loyal to the Governmont during the
rebellion, or that I voluntarily or otherwise save
aid, counsel, or^ encouragement to persons engaged
in armed hostility thereto; or thatl was in full sym-
pathy, free accord, or entire harmony with such per-
sons. That I did sympathize with the people of the
South in their misfortunes, privations, and suffer-
ings I do not deny. I musthaverooted outofmyown
heart the common sentiments of humanity to have
been capable of feeling otherwise. With this excep-
tion, I pronounce all and every part of said charge
false, scandalous, and unjust. Nor ii it true that in.
1861,"or at any other time, I avowed myself in favor
of raising or arming troops in Kentucky to. resist the
Federal Government, in case that the President sent
an array South to coerce and compel obedience upon
the part of the southern people and States to the
laws of the United States; nor did I countenance,
advise, counsel, or encourage, in the county of Bath
or elsewhere, the raising or recruiting of men for the
purpose of resisting the authority and laws ot the
united States; or aid, countenance, counsel, or en-
courage persons who did array themselves in armed
hostility to the Government of the united States, or
contribute to the same at any time or place. On the
contrary, upon all proper occasions I advised per-
sons who manifested a disposition to enter into the
rebellion not to do so. .
It is true. I voted for John b. \\ llliaras for Con-
gress in 1*61; but I deny that the vote I then gave
can be construed into an act of disloyalty then or
now. John S. Williams was not then a disunion or
secession candidate, nor did I vote for him as such.
He occupied a position then occupied by some of the
best Union mon of the State. Your charge that I vol-
untarily gave information by which Union soldiers
were captured by armed bands of rebels is scandal-
ously false, rile, and disgraceful; but I will not. from
sell-respect, characterize my denial by the use of such
maignantterros as its injustice and wantonness would
fairly authorize. I shall content myself with saying
—tor i. will not assume that you invented the slan-
der—that whosoever informed you I so acted is a
knave and calumniator. It is not true I voted for
Charles A. WickhfTe m 1863; nor was I in tho con-
yention by which he was nominated. It is not true
that Governor Wickhffe was a disloyal man; nor can
the party which nominated and supported him be
justly considered traitors or treasonable. If I had
voted for him it would have been with no disloyal
intent; nor would such a vote have afforded any pre-
text or justification for your untruthful asporsions of
my fidelity and loyalty to the Government  nd its
Constitution and'laws. I cast no vote from 1861 until
1865, when I voted for Colonel Smith Hurt for Con-
gress and B. D. Lacy, Esq., for the Legislature, the
lormcra Union officer, who had served gallantly four
years in the Army, and the latter a well-known and
leading Union man of Bath county. Yourdemmvia-
tions, therefore, of Governor Wickliffo and the party
by which he was nominated and supported as "trea-
sonable and traitorous" have no application to me,
were inconsidcrato and irrelevant, and need no fur-
ther notice. In reference to your charge that whon
summoned in 1862 by the United States authorities
to take the oath of allegiance to the Government of
the United States I refused and fled to Canada Pro-
vince is false in fact and inference. I never refused
to take the oath of allegiance when rightfully required
to do so, nor did I flee to Canada. I was a precinct
officer, had taken tho oath, and never in thought or
deed have violated it. I went to Vermont when
threatened with illogal arrest and imprisonment for
the discharge of an official duty in issuing a writ of
habeas corpus when rightfully applied for.
Your interence that none but disloyal mon could
be required to take oaths of allogianeo or bo threat-
ened witharrestis as ridiculous as most of your accu-
sations against me are false. The distinguished ex-
amples of Colonel Wolfoid, General Huston, Colonel
Jacob, and many other good Union men might woll be
quoted to your discomfiture. These men are truly
loyal, as you so.noisily and boastfully protend to be,
and yet they did not escape ignominious imprison-
ment nor shameful persecution. Your next charge
is that in 1861 I voted and acted with the secession
and disunion party, and in addition to voting for
John S. Williams 1 voted for Dr. Thomas C. Parish,
who ran as the secession candidate for the Legisla-
ture, and that I was loud in my denunciations of the
Government of the United States, and declared
myself freely for secession and tho southern con-
federacy. To this accusation I interpose an emph atic
denial, in whole and in part, except that I did vote
for Dr. Parish, The question of disunion was not
then at issue, and I understood and believe Dr.
Parish was not a secession candidate. I did nothear
either of the gentlemen upon tho stump. You con-
clude your first specification of reasons why you are
entitled to bo admitted to represent a people who
refused to choose you by asserting that during tho
late canvass I declared I left the county in 1862, for
the reason I could not and would not take the oath
to support tho Constitution of tho United States,
because I was in favor of secession and desired the
rebellion to succeed. I hope you do not make this
charge upon any knowledgeyou claim to have derived
from our intercourse during the canvass, for you
know well it would bean unmitigated falsehood if
so founded ; and if you derived it from others I can
assure you your informants have been guilty of
audacious falsehood. I made no such statements
during the canvass or at any other time; tho whole
charge is a malicious and wanton untruth.
You conclude by saying that for these reasons I
am disqualified by the Constitution and laws of the
United States from holding any office of trust or profit
thereunder, and in consequence thereof tho votes
cast for me on the 4fh of May were and are void and
my election a nullity. You are certainly "a most
wise and learned judge," and well read in the Con-
stitution of your country, and can readily point out
tho provision ot that instrumentwhich makes cither
or all of the acts alleged, even if they were true, a
disqualification. You will do me and the country a
favor if you will condescend to indicate whero such
a provision maybe found. No lawyer or statesman
has discerned it, and if you will only refer me to it
I will with unalloyed pleasure proclaim you a sage
lawyerand profound statesman. Your second speci-
fication of your reasons why you should be admitted
to take a seat in Congress, which the people of your
district refused to elect you to, is that returned rebels
"who have been and still are exempt from amnesty
and pardon, to the number justly exceeding that of
my reported majority, to wit, more than two thou-
sand," voted for me in the various precincts of the
district, and that such votes were illegal and are
void. You give unusual prominence to this^charge,
and repeat it in your third specification. You rely
upon it as possibly the most certain and conclusive
in your array of reasons for my exclusion from the
office and position to which I have been elevated by
the free and unbiased suffrages of the people of my
congressional district. Like all the rest ofyour reck-
less allegations, it happens not to be sustained by the
tiuth. Returned rebels did not vote forme to the
number alleged, nor to one third that number. I
have taken some pains to inform myself upon that
subject, and if the votes of that character received
by me in the whole district exceed 650 I am greatly
mistaken. Some voted for you; and if they were
illegal when cast for me, surely they must not bo
counted when cast for you. But after your acknowl-
edgment at Maysviile that the constitution and laws
of Kentucky made them legal voters, with what force
can you now declare them illegal and void? The
