564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
tight of suffrage in Kentucky is regulated by the
constitution and laws of Kentucky, and too other
authority on earth has the power to enlarge, dimin-
ish, or control that right. The Constitution of the
United States, to which you sometimes condescend
to refer, provides that" the electors for members of
Congress in each State shall have tho qualifications
requisite for electors of the most numerous branch
of the State Legislature;" thus recognizing the right
of the Sfate, and no other authority, to determine
the qualifications of the voters within the State, both
for Federal and State officers. The returned rebels
in Kentucky were good voters underthe constitution
and laws of Kentucky for any officer in Kentucky,
'the most numerous branch of the State Legisla-
ture as well as all others; and if they had the right
sp to vote under the laws and constitution of Ken-
tucky and the Constitution of the United States, they
h ave an undoubted right to cast their votes for me as
Congressman.
Your third specification is but a repetition of the
second, and is sufficiently responded to above. Your
fourth ground of contest is, that fraud, intimidation,
and violence Were practiced in various counties and
the precincts of counties on the day of the election
by my friends, and that by reason thereof many
Union men, who otherwise would have voted for
you, were prevented from doing so; that armed men,
who had been in the rebel army, were present at the
polls, and threatened to murder Union men and de-
stroy their property if they voted the Union ticket
(i. e„ for you;) and that by such threats and violence
many men who would have voted for you were de-
terred from doing so, and the election was not,
therefore, "free and equal," but illegal and void. I
have no personal knowledge of any such fraud,
violence, or intimidation, and, until your notice,
never heard of anything of the kind having occurred
in any county or precinct. Having every reason to
know that every material thing contained in your
former charges was false and untitle, I do not hesi-
tate to say that this charge is equally false and
unfounded. In your fifth specification you charge
that at each voting placc in the district illegal votps
wero polled for me, to a number greater than my
reported majority; and that votes offered ior you,
which were legal, were refused. This is unqualifiedly
false. I know of no illegal votes cast for me in any
part of the district, nor of any le^nl votes oftered for
you which were refused. The recklessness of your
allegations and the desperation of your eauso are
well illustrated by the diameter of this charge.
You assert that in each voting place of the district I
received illegal votes to a greater number than my
majority, when you well know that at no singlo
voting place was that number of votes cast for either
one or both candidates of any kind, legal or illegal.
In regard to your sixth charge and specifications,
that the laws of the State were not complied with in
the appointment of officers who conducted the elec-
tion in various counties and precincts, and that the
men selected were not qualified to act, and that their
acts were fraudulent and void, f say tho charge is
false in all its particulars, and deny that in conse-
quence of the action of said officers any votes were
prevented from being cast for you which otherwise
you would have received, or that there was any ille-
gality in said election.
To the seventh and eighth charges, without repeat-
ing them here, I interpose an unqualified denial, and
say they aro false and unfounded in each and every
particular. As to the ninth of your charges and
specifications, that tho freedom of the canvass was
not permitted to you and your friends, and that in
certain counties of the district you and your friends
were not permitted to speak in advocacy of your
olection, and that you were compelled to bo accom-
panied by an armed force to defend your life from
the threatened violence of my friends, it is a flagrant
falsehood and slander. If you took armed men with
you to the several speaking places in the district, it
was not because of any threatened violence upon tho
part of my friends, but because of your own intem-
perate and insolent conduct, which was well calcu-
lated to provoke resentment and violence. Instead
of your being prohibited in any part of the> district
from tho utmost freedom of discussion, you were per-
mitted to speak every where without molestation, and
were listened to with great attontion, although your
speeches wero characterized by the most bitter ma-
lignancy toward your political adversaries ever
shown by a public speaker. You \ illified, slandered,
and abused the Democratic party wherever you spoke,
and it is only a wonder that a brave and free people
showed so much gentlemanly forbearanco and moder-
ation under such provocation.
You claim that Colonel Baker was not allowed to
speakin your favor atOermantown. Colonel Baker
went there to speak for himself, he being a candidate
for Lieutenant Governor, and not particularly for
you. He was not prevented.from speakin?. The
whole story is a base fabrication, and was exposed
by men of your own party at that time. He did not
speak at Germantown, simply because there was no
audience to hear him, not because my friends or any
other party prevented kiu by threats or otherwise.
Your tenth and last charge assumes that, exclud-
ing illegal votes cast for me, you had a majority of
the legal voters in the district and aro therefore
rightfully elected. This is not true; but I affirm that
of the legal votes cast in the district I have a much
larger majority than that ascertained by tho board
ot examiners. Many illegal votes were cast for you
in all tho counties, and these wero procured by fraud,
intimidation, bribery, and corruption.
Against your unfounded charges and in resistance
of your arrogant claim to have and hold the position
to which the people of the district refused to elect
you, I shall maintain that 1 have been fairly elected
by a decided majority of the votes cast at the olec-
tion held on 4th day ©f May last for member of the
Fortieth Congress from the ninth district of Ken-
tucky; that the returns of election to said office
have been duly made and approved by the officers
appointed by law to receive and decide them; that I
have all the qualifications required by the Constitu-
tion of the United States, being twenty-five years of
ago, a native citizen of the United States, and an
inhabitant of the State of Kentucky at the time of
my "election, and am entitled to take and occupy my
seat under said Constitution. I deny that Congress has
any right to enlarge or abridge, add to or take, from
said qualifications, or thatlcan be made amenableto
any act of Congress requiring other or different qual-
ifications than those prescribed by said Constitution.
Even conceding that Congress has such a power, I
deny that I have done or committed any act which
brings me within the proscriptive provisions of any
of its enactments in regard to members of that body.
And now, having fully met and answered each and
every allegation you have made against me as affect-
ing my right to hold the position to which I have
been elected by the people, and asserted my claim as
the member rightfully chosen, permit me to notify you
that I will prove and rely upon the following facts
as reasons why you ought not to be permitted to take
a seat in the Fortieth Congress as a member from the
ninth district:
First. You were not elected by a majority of the
qualified voters of that district, but were defeated by
a majority of 1,479 of the legal electors.
Second. Many of the votes which you received at
the various election places in the countics of Lewis,
Greenup, Mdrgan, Howan, Carter, Boyd, Magoffin,
Pike, and Johnson, and other voting places in this
district were procured for you by bribery, corrup-
tion, purchase, and fraud.
Third. Because you and vour friends, in viblation
of the laws of the State of Kentucky, and in fraud of
my rights as a candidate, expended large sums of
money in the counties named in the preceding para-
graph, to debauch and corrupt the electors, and by
which means you procured to be cast many votes in
said counties for you which otherwise would have
been cast for me.
# 1'ourth. You took with you to the places of discus-
sion in the several counties an armed body of .reck-
less aiid violent men, under the pretense of protect-
ing you from alleged threatened violence, but in fact
and in truth to overawo and intimidate the electors
of tho district from casting their votes in accordance
with their own free sentiments, and by which im-
moral, illegal, and violent practice many men in the
&aui<3 counties were constrained to vote for jou who
otherwise would have cast their votes for me.
Fifth. You were accompanied at various of your
appointments m the several counties of this district
by officers of the Federal Government, clothed with
power and patronage, and who went with you to aid
in controlling public sentiment in this district, and
thus brought the power and patronage of the Fed-
eral Government into conilict with the freedom of
elections.
(Sixth. In the various precincts of the several coun-
tics in the district illegal votes weio cast for you by
men not of the proper age, by men not having the
proper residence, by men not naturalized, and by
men whose votes were bought by money and obtained
by threats, intimidations, and violence, to a num-
ber in tho aggregate greater than the ex-rebel votes
cast for me.
Very respectfully, JOHN D. YOUNG.
Hon. Samuel McKee*
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. BINGHAM ashed and obtained indefi-
nite leave of absence for Mr. Eckley, on ac-
count of the death of his son.
Mr. McCARTHY asked and obtained leave
of absence for himself for three days.
Mr. SPALDING asked and obtained leave
of absence for himself after this week.
BUILDINGS LEASED BY TIIE GOVERNMENT.
Mr. BARNES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War and the Sec-
retary of tho Treasury, respectively, be requested to
furnish this House with the number of buildings
leased by their respective Departments in the cities
of New York, Brooklyn, and Jersey City, with the
location, size, and cubic feet of measurement, and
capacity of each building, tho time and duration of
each lease, tho amount paid for each building, and
the amount received fiom each, if any.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I suggest to the
gentleman to modify his resolution by substi-
tuting "directed" for "requested."
The SPEAKER. It is customary in resolu-
tions of this character to "direct" the heads
of Departments and to "request" the Presi-
dent.
Mr. BARNES. I modify my resolution in
the manner suggested.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
TAX OS DISTILLED SPIRITS.
Mr. BARNES. I ask unanimous consent
to-introduce for consideration at the present
time the following joint resolution:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives,
thiii the tax ondistilled spirits bo reduced from
two dollars per gallon to seventy-five cents per gal-
Ion, under tho samo regulations, provisions, and
measurements as now exist.
Resolved, That this act take effect immediately.
Mr. Spaldixg, Mr. Broomall, and others
objected.
WITHDRAWAL 01? PAPERS.
Mr. NICHOLSON asked and obtained leave
to withdraw from the files of the House the
papers of Ann Burnett.
HONORABLE DISCHAKGES OP SOLDIERS, ETC.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to provide for the granting
of honorable discharges to certain soldiers and
sailors of the Army and Navy; which was
read a first and second time, ordered to be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
when appointed, and printed.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill just, introduced was
ordered to be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs when appointed.
The SPEAKER. The motion to rcconsider
will be entered.
Mr. HOLMAN. Why could not that bill
be taken up now?
The SPEAKER. It will require a two-
thirds vote to discharge the committee and
bring the bill.before the House, as it is gen-
eral legislation.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I rise to a privi-
leged question, and call up the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the House ordered to
be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs the bill introduced by me for tho relief
of certain volunteer soldiers and sailors therein
designated.
Mr. SCHENCK. The bill which I have
introduced is for tho purpose of relieving cer-
tain deserters of the penalties of their deser-
tion. My colleague introduced the other day
a bill upon the same subject, which is within
the control of the House, if it be the disposi-
tion of members, as I trust it will be, to take
it up on the motion which he entered and now
calls up, to reconsider the reference to the
Committee on Military Affairs. In the mean
time we have gone over that hill, and it has
been so modified by the one introduced by
myself and by suggestions made by others that
in the opinion of the Committee on Military
Affairs it may be considered and passed now.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope, then, that the bill
will be taken up and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope my friend will sus-
tain the motion to reconsider, so that the bill
may be brought before the House and consid-
ered now.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
a majority can reconsider and bring the bill
before the House, but it will take a two-thirds
vote to consider the subject, as it is general
legislation.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move to suspend
the rules and put it upon its passage.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I rise to
a question of order, as to whether the resolu-
tion we passed some days ago does not abso-
lutely preclude any general legislation?
The SPEAKER. It does preclude general
legislation, and none can be entertained except
by suspension of the rules previous to its
consideration. They can be suspended by a
two-thirds vote during this session.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I merely
wished to know how far we can proceed in gen-
eral legislation.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I withdraw the
motion to recommit, and move to suspend the
rules, so as to put the bill on its passage. The
Committee on Military Affairs, as well as the
delegation from Ohio, are unanimously in favor
of the passage of the bill. I believe that
almost every member of the House is in favor
of it.
The rules were suspended.
Mr. HARDING. I ask that the bill be read.
