566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
reference to the views or the opinions of mem-
bers of the committee. I did not intend to
comment upon the views of the majority of
the committee, or upon the views of any mem-
ber of the committee further than to say this,
which I think I am justified in saying, that if
there had not been grave matters developed by
the testimony taken before the committee they
would not have adopted the resolution.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Why, Mr. Speaker,
there are a great many things in the course of
action pursued by the President of which, as
every one knows, I do not approve. But, sir,
in reference to that and the general question
suggested by the remarks of the gentleman I
do not wish now to go into any discussion,
though I shall be prepared to discuss it at the
proper time.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Nor do I, Mr. Speaker,
wish to pursue this line of inquiry. But, sir, Iwill
say upon my own responsibility and upon the
judgment, I fchink, of those of the committee
who concur with me in regard to the gravity of
this question, that the House and the country
are in such a position that this subject must be
considered by the House. The report of the
committee will be made. It must be con-
sidered ; it must be discussed. Time will be
required for that consideration and discussion.
And I think in connection with what we know
of the probable business of the next session,
setting aside all other general considerations,
the two Houses ought to meet as early as the
middle of October for the purpose of attend-
ing to this business and discbargingtheir duties
in reference to other matters of public import-
ance. If the commencement of the session be
delayed until December, or if it be delayed
even until November, and we are to go through
with this inquiry upon the floor of the House,
even if the proceeding goes no further, it will
occupy, certainly, several weeks of time. We
know there is to be a presidential election
next year. It will be for the public interest as
well as for the convenience of members that
the business of the session should be closed if
possible before the country is deeply involved
in that struggle. I have, therefore, named the
lGth of October—a time beyond the October
elections. I am aware that there are States in
which elections are to be held in November;
but if we consent to postpone the session until
November, it is substantially, so far as regards
business, a postponement until the annual
meeting in December. I may say further that,
considering that the great question which is to
come before Congress at its next session is one
which specially belongs to the House of Rep-
resentatives primarily under the Constitution of
the United States, we may reasonably expect
that the other branch of the legislative depart-
ment will not, under these circumstances,
undertake to exercise an independent judg-
ment upon the question of the reassembling
of Congress.
Now, sir, unless there bo some desire to dis-
cuss this question further, I will call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will do so.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, I do not
think it is the sense of a majority of this House
that an adjournment should take place until
the 16th of October, with a view then to as-
semble and commence along session, to run
through the winter and into the next spring
and summer. But I do believe that a majority
would he prepared to join with the gentleman
in a resolution similar in form to that under
which we are now assembled, to meet again on
the lGth day of October, provided a quorum of
each House should then appear; it' not, that
we then adjourn until the first Monday of De-
cember. I move, therefore, that this resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary with instructions to report a resolution
similar in form to the one under which we are
now convened, adjourning the two Houses to
the 16th of October, to meet then, provided a
quorum of each branch shall be present. Per-
haps the gentleman will accept that as a modi-
fication of his resolution.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I do not accept that
amendment. And, Mr. Speaker, I will say that
after the recent adjournment of Congress T, with
some other persons better skilled in such sub-
jects than myself, examined the Constitution
in reference to the terms of the resolution of
adjournment under which we have lately met,
and I am persuaded, as are many others, that
the provisions of that resolution are unconstitu-
tional ; that Congress has no right to impose
such restrictions upon the two Houses when
assembled under the Constitution. Such a
resolution, I think, is only an invitation to a
minority, if no more should assemble, to under-
take to force a quorum. Therefore, so far as
1 am concerned, I should object to a resolu-
tion in that form.
Mr. SPALDING. Then, Mr. Speaker, for
the purpose of getting the sense of the House
upon this question of an adjournment definitely
until the 16th of October, I move that the
resolution be laid on the table, and oil that
motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is still entitled to the floor.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I decline to yield at
present for that motion.
Mr. SPALDING. Then I will make the
motion as soon as the gentleman surrenders
the floor.
The SPEAKER. It will then be in order.
Mr. PIKE. I ask the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to allow me to offer an amendment
providing for an adjournment till the second
Monday in November. I for one prefer to
make square work and adjourn definitely so
that all the members may know exactly when
we are to meet, that there may be no doubt
in the mind of anybody. And although the
time I propose is nominally hastening the
meeting of Congress according to the Consti-
tution, still I think it will be found when we
come together, the Senate and the House, on
the 11th of November, that we will have gained
probably at least a month more than we should
have done if we met on the first Monday in'
December. Weallknow when Congress comes
together in December, and particularly at a
long session, that the members come to the
conclusion that nothing will be done before
the holidays; and coming to that conclusion
before they come here they are quite unwilling
to stay except so far as public decency may
require. An adjournment is then taken over
the holidays as far as possible. If we adjourn
to the 11 lh of November we will go to work
and take up this whole subject of impeach-
ment, or any other subject legitimately before
the House. For that reason, and to test the
sense of the House, I ask the gentleman to let
me move an amendment to that effect.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I cannot yield for that
purpose.
Mr. PIKE. Then I hope that the call for
the previous question will not be seconded, so
that we may test the sense of the House on
the subject.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, I do not see why this adjournment
should take place unless we are to have a
report from this committee of the evidence
taken and have it printed and before us so that
we may examine it. If I understood the chair-
man of that committee there is nothing now
before them which will justify an impeachment,
and tbat they have been six months attempting
to find ground for an impeachment. Then,
sir, the whole question of impeachment lies in
a nutshell. If nothing can be found which
sufficiently implicates him to put him on his
trial before the country, it is due to him, it is
due to this House and to the country that that
committee should be discharged and this mat-
ter should be abandoned.
I do not_ quite agree, sir, that there is no
sympathy with the action of the committee.
I think the country almost unanimously believes
r that there ought to be articles of impeachment
reported and acted on ; and the only condition
on which I shall agree to vote for an adjourn-
ment to the time mentioned by the gentleman
from Massachusetts is that this committee shall
report now, and that that report shall be printed
and ready for our action when we do meet. I
do not know, sir, whether it would be in order
to submit a resolution of this kind directing the
committee to report, and that that report shall
be printed.
The SPEAKER. That would have to be
done by a separate resolution. It could not
be offered to a resolution for adjournment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, I will say that I am not satisfied. I
do not believe the country is satisfied with the
course taken in regard to the impeachment. I
do not mean thereby to censure or blame any-
body, but it seems to me there is an error of
judgment as to what is required by the law to
found an impeachment. I think that ought to
be submitted to the tribunal of this House and
to the tribunal which is to try it; and if the
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts
should prevail, I shall ask leave to test the
sense of the House on the question of directing
that the committee shall report now. When I
say now, I mean at this session ; and that the
report and the evidence taken shall be printed
and ready for our action. As the question
now stands I have nothing further to suggest.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts to yield to me.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Certainly.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, as a member of the Judiciary Com-
mittee I feel constrained to say a word. I
have not agreed to the decision as enunciated
by the chairman. I do not agree there is any
reason why that committee should not have been
prepared to make its report at this session.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Will the gentleman
yield to me?
_Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Cer-
tainly.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I desire to ask the
gentleman whether the committee is not now
expecting witnesses before it ?
_ Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. No,
sir; the witnesses to whom the gentleman
refers were examined this morning, and he
would have heard them if he had been there.
[Laughter. ]
_Mr. WOODBRIDGE. It is true I was not
with the committee this morning ; but I ask
whether there are not other witnesses expected
before the committee; some who have not
been there, and others who have and have been
recalled ? I ask whether there is not a vast
amount of evidence and other information
called for from the Departments which have
not been furnished and could, not be furnished
because of the limited time afforded?
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. So far
as regards myself, I feel I am prepared here to
say I want no more witnesses. Bring me no
more reports.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. As I
know how easy it is to procrastinate by calling
witnesses, I would like to know whether they
have finished taking the testimony of my friend,
Horace Greeley. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. The
relations of my colleague with that distin-
guished individual are perhaps more confiden-
tial than my own. [Laughter.] I cannot answer
the question. Mr. Greeley was not called at
my instance.
But I will proceed to add, that so far as the
minority of the committee are involved—and
I think I may speak for them ; they will correct
me if I err—they are satisfied with the testi-
mony which is before them. They think there
are abundant reasons for the impeachment of
the President of the United States for high
crimes and misdemeanors before the highest
tribunal of the na'tion. They want no more.
They are ready to report now and make the
issue before this House and the country, and
