570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
defined "by the original act passed March 2,
1867—
" shall cause a registration to be made of all male
citizens of the United States twenty-one years of
ago and upward resident in each county or parish
in the State or States in his district, which registra-
tion shall include only those persons who are qualified
to vote for delegates by the act aforesaid, and who
shall have taken and subscribed the following oath
or affirmation."
Then follows the oath suggested by thp hon-
orable Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A short oath.
Mr. HOWARD. It is a comparatively short
oath; but I take it .the brevity or the length
of the oath can have no sort of influence upon
the question of the construction to be given to
the body of the act. This oath, like the long
oath of which he complains, gives to the board
of registration no sort of power whatever.
There is not ene word in either oath conferring
authority upon the board of registration. In a
word 
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mich-
igan will allow me ; the difference is this: the
oath as reported originally did not undertake
to specify all the qualifications necessary for
registration and voting. I do not think the oath
as the Senator from Michigan finally amended
it undertook to do it, for I have shown that it
left out some things; but the Attorney General
has undertaken to construe the oath as we
finally adopted it as having incorporated into
itself everything requisite to authorize a per-
son to be registered and to vote.
Mr. HOWARD. And in that particular
respect I think the Attorney General is correct.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has not embodied
everything in it.
Mr. HOWARD. It was the object to em-
body in the oath all the qualifications necessary
for the party offering himself for registration.
Mr. FRELINGH U YSEN. Not to exclude
other testimony ?
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly not to exclude
other testimony; but the oath itself left the
powers of the board of registration precisely
in the same condition in which the honorable
Senator from Illinois in his substitute left them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. So I think.
Mr. HOWARD. Undoubtedly that can be
the only conclusion. Then why does my friend
from Illinois undertake to charge me with fur-
nishing ground to the Attorney General for
holding that this oath is conclusive evidence
of the qualification of voters? I really think,
indeed I know, that the honorable Senator
would not do me wrong in that respect; and
I regard his observation rather in the nature
of a pleasantry than otherwise, and am will-
ing therefore to let it pass. Such, however,
are the facts. The oath gives the board no sort
of authority, whether it be the short oath of
the gentleman from Illinois or the long oath
of the gentleman from Michigan. That is the
real truth of the ease. But it does not follow
from that that the board had no authority to
pass upon the qualifications of applicants. 1
think they had some authority. I cannot doubt
it, Mr. President. The body of the act itself,
as reported by the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois, and as finally passed by the two Houses,
declares that the class offering themselves for
registration shall include ''only those persons
who are qualified to vote for delegates by the
act aforesaidthat is, by the act of the 2d of
March, 1867, and '"who shall have taken and
subscribed the following oath or affirmation."
I believe the board of registration have some
authority under this old act to interrogate an
applicant and to listen to some proof respect-
ing his qualifications. They certainly have
the same power that every court of justice
possesses of guarding against a fraud upon
the law. For instance, if Jefferson Davis or
any of the leading traitors who were noto-
riously such, whose hands were-stained with
the blood ot our countrymen from the com-
mencement of the war, should offer them-
selves to register before one of these boards,
according to the opinion of the Attorney Gen-
eral it would be the duty of the board, if the
applicant was base and false enough to take
the oath, to admit him to registration; and
even Jefferson Davis or any other arrant, no-
torious rebel, according to that ruling, would
have the right to registration. This is the con-
clusion of the Attorney General. He strips
the board of all possible judicial authority,
and makes it more impotent in respect to
frauds upon the law itself than an ordinary
court of justice is. In that respect I must say
that I think the Attorney General's opinion is
very faulty, to use no severer term; and I feel
a deep regret that there is a necessity that
Congress should get together here to correct a
construction, which, according to my judg-
ment, is so manifestly, not to say so flagrantly,
erroneous. I now ask leave of the Senate to
withdraw my amendment.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to ask the
Senator from Michigan one question before he
sits down. Take the case of the State of Ten-
nessee, where men voted for secession after the
war had commenced and had been carried on
for some, time, after there had been some acts
of hostility in the State and troops raised on
both sides. I should like to know whether he
regards voting for an act of secession under
those circumstances as an act oftreason or not?
Mr. HOWARD. I am inclined to think
that I would regard such an act as treason. It
is certainly evidence that would be competent
to go to the jury on a charge of treason against
the particular person voting. It would tend to
show the animus, the guilty purpose, which the
voter had in view to promote the existing rebel-
lion, the existing war; and it could, I think,
receive no other construction at the hands of
the jury or the court.
The PRESIDENTjpro tempore. The amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Michigan is
withdrawn.
Mr. HOWE. I move the following amend-
ment to the fourth section, to be added to the
section as a proviso: *
Provided, That anypersonheretoforeappointed by
any district commander to exercise tho functions of
any civil office may be removed either by the military
officer in command of the district or by the General
of the Army the same as if such appointment had not
been confirmed by this act.
I believe there is no objection to that amend-
ment. I do not know for a certainty that it
affects the true interpretation of the section,
and yet I think it removes a doubt which might
arise. The second and third sections author-
ize these generals to remove officers claiming
under the local authority, and to appoint others
in their places. I fear, without the addition of
that proviso, it will be held that any officer
who has already been appointed, inasmuch as
he is not one claiming under the local author-
ity, but claiming under the national authority,
cannot be removed, although the generals may
be satisfied they have made a mistake; and
to remove that doubt I have offered this amend-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think myself
there is any necessity for this amendment of
the Senator from Wisconsin. I think the legal
effect of the bill as it is is the same; but he
seems to think that there may bewa doubt about
the construction of it. I do not know that the
amendment will do any harm, as it is merely
to carry out what I understand to be the bill as
it is ; and therefore I have no serious objection
to urge to it except that by inserting these
amendments in the haste of business in the
Senate, without having time properly to con-
sider them, we may incorporate into the bill
unintentionally something that we do not wish
to have there. I think the bill is sufficient as
it is in this respect, and I think it means pre-
cisely what the Senator from Wisconsin desires
to accomplish. I design it should mean that;
but as there is some difference of opinion in
regard to it I have no objections to urge against
the amendment if the Senate think proper to
adopt it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to inquire
of my friend from Wisconsin whether he in-
tends these district commanders to have the
power in the future to changc and turn out any
civil appointee they may make themselves here-
after?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand him to say
that he does. I am very much of opinion on
reading his amendment that the effect of adopt-
ing it will be absolutely to prevent that. The
construction of the bill as it now stands is clear,
in my opinion, to the point that this power of
substitution exists; but since the bill was re-
ported my friend will remember that we have
voted into it the amendment of my friend from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] givingthe power
to appoint civil persons to fill the offices that
may hereafter be vacated. Now, the amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin, as I read
it at the desk hastily, seems to apply only to
this confirmatory section, and to expressly
limit it to persons who have been heretofore
appointed by the military commanders from
civil life, and whose appointment is by this sec-
tion confirmed. Therefore it appears to me
that if we adopt the amendment m the way it
now stands we shall cut off the right of the
commanders to make any future change of any
person whom they may hereafter appoint. I
make the suggestion, and I think my friend
will see the fox'ce of it on looking at his amend-
ment.
Mr. HOWE. I do not think that objection
is well taken. The amendment, if I have riot
forgotten it, does not limit its operation in
terms to appointments heretofore made. It is
only becauso it is an amendment to the fourth
section, which provides only for the case of
appointments heretofore made, that it can have
that construction. But now the difficulty that
I fear is this: already certain officers have
been removed and civilians have been appointed
in their place; and in reference to those ap-
pointments, and in reference to those appoint-
ments alone, as I understand, the fourth section
speaks; and what does it say? Simply that
those appointments shall be confirmed. What
is that? That the men so appointed to bo
officers shall bethe officers; and I fear, Con-
gress having said that with reference to those
appointments and those alone, that the com-
manding officer or the general would say,
'1 Congress having confirmed these individ-
uals in office I have no longer any authority
over them.'' I meant to make the proviso only
so broad as the section is, and I certainly think
it is not any broader. With reference to other
appointments that may be made hereafter under
the amendment adopted yesterday there is no
express confirmation of them in office.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask that the amendment
may be again reported.
The Chief Clerk read it, as follows:
Provided, That any person heretofore appointed
by any district commander to exercise the functions
of any civil office may be removed either by tho mili-
tary officer in command of the district or by the
General of the Army, the same aa if such appoint-
ment had not been confirmed by this act.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend will see that
the proviso is expressly limited to appoint-
ments from civil life heretofore made, and
hence any astute law officer of thfe Government
who wishes to put that construction upon it
can say that here is an unlimited proviso as
to the power of removal of a certain class of
persons, but they must have been appointed
"heretofore;'' and inasmuch as another part
of the act gives the power of appointment
hereafter, but does not contain any such pro-
viso, therefore the construction of the whole
act, taken together, must be that this power of
removal is only of those persons who have
already been appointed. I do not say that that
will certainly be the true construction ; I say
it^ will be very easy for any law officer who
wishes to come to that result to come to it
without any particular violation of the statute.
_Mr. HOWE. If the Senator from Vermont
will suggest what correction there would avoid
all possibility here of the interpretation he sug-
gests I would like to have him do so. The fact
is, I understand, that some appointments have
been made which tho generals themselves
regret, and they do not want to be foreclosed
