1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
571
against, the right to change the selections when
they have ascertained the proper persons to
put in their place; and it is that point that I
make.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will suggest to my friend
to modify his amendment so as to insert after
the word "heretofore" the words "or here-
after so aa to read :
Provided, That any person heretofore or heroaf-
ter appointed by any district commander, Sea.
Mr. HOWE. I will accept that suggestion
with a further modification, striking out all
words after " Army." .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment as modified by the mover will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That any person heretofore or hereafter
appointed by any district commander to excrcise tho
functions of any civil office may be removed either
by the military officer in command of tho district or
by the General of the Army.
The amendment was agreed to.
. Mr. DRAKE. I offer an amendment as an
additional section:
And bn it further enacted. That no constitution
adopted by any of said rebel States shall entitle such
State to representation in the Congress of the United
States unless it declare that such State shall ever
remain a member of tho American Union; that every
citizen of such State owes paramount allegiance to
the United States, and that no law or ordinance of
such State in subversion or contravention of the
authority of the United States can have any binding
force.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I raise the question of
order upon that amendment, that it is not in
order for the reason that we are acting under
n rule of the Senate which declares that noth-
ing is in order except a bill to carry out the
reconstruction acts according to their original
scope and intention, and there is nothing of
this kind in the original acts. This would open
the whole subject to a new reconstruction act.
If we go into that field we may change the
whole thi^g. I submit to my friend from Mis-
souri, with that understanding, whether he had
best not withdraw this amendment, and not
undertake to get up a new reconstruction act,
or rather to adopt a feature that is not in har-
mony with the reconstruction acts which wc
had agreed upon. They were working very
well. We all thought they would accomplish
the object if they had been carried out-in the
spirit with which they were passed. Now this
is a new proposition, entirely variant from
anything that is in those bills, and I submit it
is not in order.
Mr. DRAKE. I regret very much that the
honorable Senator from Illinois should en-
deavor to exclude from the bill which we have
now before us and from the reconstruction
- policy of the Government a provision so mani-
festly proper and necessary as this, and to
exclude it upon a point of order. The Sena-
tor from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] suggests that
the point of order is to be decided without
debate. Is he right in that suggestion, sir?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes, in the
first instance. By an appeal you can draw it
into debate if you do not like the decision.
Mr. DRAKE. The honorable Senator from
Illinois was allowed to debate his side of the
point of order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I stated the point, and
then I did make an appeal to my friend from
Missouri to see if he would not withdraw the
amendment. I am aware that it is not allow-
able to debate the point of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. You may
make a statement in regard to it, but not enter
into an argument about it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It was the duty of the
Senator frotn Illinois to state his point clearly,
so that it would be understood.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I prefer
not to be called on to decide these questions
arising in this way. They are difficult points.
What reconstruction is and the scope and ex-
tent of it is pretty difficult to determine. It
has a great many branches to it, and a great
many things might be deemed to come within
the range of reconstruction. The resolution
of the Senate is to the effect that no legislation
shall be had upon any other subject than that
of reconstruction, or that it would be inexpe-
dient to proceed to anything else at this ses-
sion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is another clause
to the rule, if the Chair will allow-me 
Mr. SUMNER. ,1 should like to have the
rule read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Let the
rule be read.
Tho Chief Clerk read the resolution of July
5, as follows:
Resolved, That the legislative business of this ses-
sion be confined to removing tho obstructions which
may have been or are likely to be placed in the way
of the fair execution of tho acts of reconstruction
heretofore adopted hy Congress, and to giving to said
acts tho scope intended by Congress when the same
wero passed; and that further legislation at this ses-
sion on tho subject of reconstruction or on any other
subject is not expedient.
Mn TRUMBULL. My precise point, if the
Chair will allow me, is that legislation must be
confined to removing obstacles in the way of
the fair execution of the acts we have already
passed, and that a proposition involving a new
plan of reconstruction, different from what
already exists, is not in order under that rule.
This has no relation, as I insist, to carrying out
the acts of reconstruction. That is the point.
Mr. DRAKE. The point that I make is
that this is in no sense whatever introducing
a new plan of reconstruction : it is simply
requiring those rebel States, when they do
become reconstructed, to lay the foundation
of their State governments upon those eternal
principles connected with our Government for
which we fought the war of the rebellion and
put them down.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Was your suggestion in
the original bill ?
Mr. DRAKE. It was not in the original bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I insist it is not
in order.
Mr. DRAKE. Then I insist that if it is not
in order this Senate shall declare it in order
by an affirmative vote. Do not let us throw
away all we have been* fighting for for years
and leave the miserable fooleries and hideous
monstrosities of State rights down there in the
South to be brought up against us continually
again.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This ques-
tion is not debatable.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to make a sug-
gestion in connection with this point; I do not
intend to speak to the merits of the question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will hear the suggestion.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I understand the reso-
lution is that legislation is in order which is to
execute the former law and to remove the ob-
stacles that may have been interposed already
or may be interposed hereafter to carrying into
complete effect theoriginalscope and intention
of the reconstruction acts. Described in gen-
eral language, that is the rule of order. It is
not confined to past obstructions, but extends
to future ones. Now, sir, in the reconstruc-
tion acts it is provided that these constitutions
shall be submitted to Congress, and that_ the
approval of Congress shall be deliberately given
to them before reconstruction shall take effect.
Under that clause or section of the reconstruc-
tion laws I think an amendment announcing
to those people the conditions in those consti-
tutions which Congress will require for their
approval is giving a necessary and proper
notice to the inhabitants in framing their fun-
damental law, and is in due execution of the
general scope and purpose of our whole legis-
lation on this subject. I say this as to the
question of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion of order cannot be debated.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Iamagainsttheamend-
ment when we rcach it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Important
as I deem the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Missouri, and I think for myself
hardly any proposition is more important, still
I cannot see that it is fairly -within the resolu-
tion we have already passed. It introduces a
new subject. It may be-that these States are
required to submit their constitutions when
they are altered to the inspection of Congress,
and perhaps the revision of Congress; but It
seems to me that this provision is foreign to
the business of reconstruction as set forth in the
several acts on that subject; I do not see that
those acts touch this point at all. It strikes
me, therefore, that the amendment is out of
order as being entirely irrelevant, or rather as
introducing a new subject not connected with
those acts of reconstruction referred to in the
resolution under which we have agreed to act.
I must therefore declare it out of order.
Mr. DRAKE. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair, and on that point I desire to
address the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of the Senate?
Mr. DRAKE. In the reconstruction acts
which We have heretofore passed there are sev-
eral conditions laid down which must be ful-
filled before those States can be entitled to rep-
resentation on the floor of Congress, and among
others is this condition:
"And if tho said constitution shall be declared by
Congress to be in conformity with tho provisions of
the aet to which this is supplementary, and the other
provisions of said act shall have been complied with,
and the constitution shall bo approved by Congress,
tho State shall be declared entitled to representa-
tion, and Senators and Representatives shall be
admitted therefrom as therein provided."
Now, sir, in the formation of these constitu-
tions the ultimate objcct to be obtained by any
of those States is tho approval of Congress;
and, in my opinion, it is perfectly competent,
as suggested by the Senator from Pennsylvania,
that we should give notice beforehand to tho
people of those States as to the fundamental
principles upon which their constitutions shall
be based. Wc are not excluded, in my opin-
ion, by the terms of the resolution of the 5th
of July from the consideration of this amend-
ment. The resolution declares that " the legis-
lative business of this session be confined to
removing the obstructions which have been, or
are likely to be, placed in the way of the fair
execution of the acts of reconstruction hereto-
fore adopted by Congress." Now, sir, the fair
execution of those acts is not complete until
the constitutions are presented here for the
approval of Congress, and have received the
approval of Congress ; and therefore it is that
I consider this subject not excluded, for the
reason that this very proposition is intended to
remove obstructions which arc likely to take
place in the formation of these constitutions,
so that the constitutions when they are formed
may not be, in point of fact, unless those
obstructions are removed, such as will meet
the approval of Congress.
But, sir, the further limitation is put by the
resolution of the 5th instant, that the business
of the session shall be confined to "giving to
said acts the scope intended by Congress when
the same were passed." Now, sir, [ venture
to say that it was the intention of every mem-
ber of the Senate, when these actswere passed,
that the constitutions of the rebel States should
be presented here, which do, either in express
terms or by necessary implications, affirm the
very principles that are laid down in the amend-
ment I have presented. Is it to be supposed
for a moment that this Congress would admit
back into the Union any of those States if its
constitution denied or questioned the princi-
ples that are here stated? If it would not,
then we are by the pending amendment clearly
giving the acts we have passed the scope in-
tended by Congress. If, then, it was the inten-
tion of Congress that those constitutions should
in themselves directly or by necessary impli-
cation affirm these principles, then I say that
this amendment is clearly not within the pro-
hibition of the resolution of the 5th of July.
It is not affected by it. It is not, therefore,
in my judgment, out of order.
And now, sir, I submit to the Seuate before
