572
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
fhe whole country, whether it, is wise, whether
it is expedient, whether it is-just to the coun-
try to reject an amendment of this kind, which,
if adopted, will compel those States- to shatter
in pieces and bury out of sight forever the very
gods they went into rebellion to serve.
We are dealing with a people among whom
for thirty years State rights heresies were pro-
mulgated, and which finally brought forth their
legitimate fruit in rebellion and war. Now,
sir, where was there ever before a power on
this earth that subdued a rebellion that did not
require from the conquered rebels a renuncia-
tion of the e?fors and wrongs which had led
to the rebellion? We can make no treaty of
peace with these people, but we can compel
them to reject, and renounce, and put out of
sight forever the principles and dogmas which
led to the rebellion, and which have cost this
country such a terrible sacrifice to overthrow.
In my opinion we are unfaithful to oarselves
if we lose this opportunity of compelling the
ten rebel States to renounce and forever ab-
jure those errors. How can we answer to the
country — each one to his constituency — for
refusing the opportunity, and upon a mere point
of order refusing it, to compel that renuncia-
tion by that people ?
_ Sir, they have not renounced their State
rights heresies. Only this very morning was
published in one of the papers of this city a
letter from one of the leading rebels of Georgia,
in which he announces his fraternity with every
and any man who will stand by the first Ken-
tucky resolution of 1798. Sir, do you suppose
that when the rebellion was buried, the resolu-
tions of Virginia and Kentucky of 1798 and
1799 were buried_ too? Very far from it. If
they were not buried, you leave above ground
here the signal still flying over those rebel
States, gathering around it in all future time
all those in those States who, though conquered
and whipped, still bow down to their idol of
State rights.
Sir, I appeal to the Senate, and if they decide
against me, I appeal from the Senate to the
country. I demand that this nation shall not
lose_ the opportunity now of destroying and
putting ought of sight forever those heresies
which have cost it hundreds of thousands of
lives and countless millions of money to put
down. And, sir, least of all can I tolerate the
thought—and in saying it I mean no disrespect
to any Senator—that such an opportunity as
this of destroying fundamental errors in gov-
ernment, of breaking to pieces the images
which these people have been accustomed to
worship, shall be lost merely because it is out
of order; out of order to sweep from off the
surface of ten States falso principles of govern-
ment, heresies which go to the very heart of the
Government and to the very foundations of our
institutions; out of order to insist upon it that
a rebellious people before they come back into
the enjoyment of equality shall utterly renounce
the fundamental principles of their rebellion.
Sir, I trust that no such point of order will
ever be allowed in the Senate of the United
States to deprive this country of such a golden
opportunity of achieving so high a result.
Mr. POMEROY. If we were not called
upon to vote on this question I should not say
anything about it. The Senator from Missouri
knows very well that I would be glad to vote
for his amendment, and I would have been glad
to have that provision in the original bill; but
I do not see how any of us can vote for it here
under the rule we have adopted. The proper
manner of proceeding, in my opinion, would
be to suspend the rule and then let him intro-
duce the amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. I will move that if the Sen-
ate decide against me on the point of order.
< _Mr. POMEROY. I should feel embarrassed
if it were understood that I was opposed to
the Senator's amendment, although I must
vote that it is not admissable under the rule.
The Senate will remember that my objection
rule itself was that by it we were prohib-
ited from examining the reconstruction acts
except in thg prescribed form; we cannot put
in any matter pertaining to reconstruction that
was iiQt in the original laws. That, was _my
objection to the resolution; but the resolution
is now a rule, and I propose to live up to it and
vote according to its true construction ; but if
•the Senate will suspend the rule, I will then
vote with pleasure for the Senator's amend-
ment. .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of the Senate?
Mr. DRAKE. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. Is that question debata-
ble?
Mr. JOHNSON. It is debatable on the
appeal.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to say one
word upon it. I will not enter into any con-
sideration of the,great question which has
been presented so distinctly and ably by my
friend from Misspuri, except to express my
surprise that there can be any rule in the
Senate of the United States to interfere with
the consideration of such a proposition. It is
surprising; it is astonishing. Those who come
after us hereafter, when they read of it, will
be more surprised and more astonished than
any of us now. But I wish to confine myself
to the question of order; that is, whether
ruder the existing rule the proposition of the
Senator from Missouri can be considered. On
that I am obliged most respectfully to differ
from the Chair. It seems to me clearly it can
be considered. I have in my hands a copy of
the supplementary act to which the bill under
consideration is an amendment or a further
supplement. In that it is provided as follows:
" If the Congress shall he satisfied that such consti-
tution meets the approval ot a ma.iority of all tho
qualified electors in the State, and if tho said consti-
tution shall bo declared by Congress to be in con-
formity with the provisions of the act to which this
is supplementary, and the other provisions of said
actshall have been complied with, and the said con-
stitution shall be approved by Congress, the State
shall be declared entitled to representation."
There is a condition, " and the said consti-
tution shall be approved by Congress." By
this very act we have reserved to ourselves
plenary power over any constitution that shall
be brought before us; and I may say that I
have heard an eminent Senator say in conver-
sation that he reserved to himself hereafter the
full privilege of voting against any constitution
that might be brought before us if it did not
contain all those matters which he thought such
a constitution ought to contain; and the Sen-
ator to whom I refer was one who does not usu-
ally act with me. He was against requiring
any conditions; he wished to keep it all open;
so that hereafter he could say to any State that
came with its constitution, " You have not this
provision or that provision which I think ought
to be in the constitution; therefore I vote
against you." Well, sir, the Senator would
be right under this bill, for you have expressly
reserved to him that power ; that is, he may sit
in judgment on the constitution, and if he finds
it in any respect a failure, or if in any of its
provisions it is inadequate, he may reject it;
not merely if it does not contain the positive
requirements of the bill, but if it does not
contain any requirements which his judgment
at that time shall think proper.
I have heard a'Senator, for instance, say that
he was disposed on such an occasion to require
a provision for education in the constitutions,
even though we do not in so many words for-
mally require it in our act. Now, sir, such
things have been said, and may be justly said,
for no person can question that any Senator,
in making such statements, was acting prop-
erly ; he was perfectly entitled to do so; and
if he should refuse to vote for such a constitu-
tion hereafter nobody could criticise him—cer-
tainly I could' not; but in view of such a pos-
sibility, it seems to me clear that we ought to
go forward and in advance tell these people at
the South what we expect of them and what
we do not. We ought not to wrap the question
up in generalities and say that hereafter the
constitution which they present shall be sub-
ject to the approval of Congress, leaving it
open for any person at that time to raise any
new question then at the eleventh hour when
you have now the opportunity of .telling them
in advance what you require of them; For
one, I insist, with the Senator from Missouri,
that the new constitutions shall come with
ample provisions for the unity of this Repub-
lic. That- is fundamental; and if a constitu-
tion does not contain such a provision for one
I am against accepting it. I shall stand then
on the text of this law, which gives me this
privilege, and say to them, "You have not
done yonr duty in framing your constitution."
Still further, if they do not require education
in their constitutions, how can I, who believe
that education is essential to republican gov-
ernment, recognize one of those- constitutions
as truly republican in character?
Sir, let us be frank with these people ; I
should say be generous to them ; and now let
me tell you, sir, the best generosity is in truth;
it is in telling them precisely what you expect
of them; and therefore the Senator from Mis-
souri is right when he asks you to announce to
these people in advance what we shall expect
in their constitutions, the most explicit decla-
rations of adherence to the Union.
Mr. POMEROY. I submit to the Senator
from Massachusetts that there seems to be a
want of good faith on the part of Congress in
making provisions for the return of these
States in detail, and then when they have com-
plied with those terms and conditions to re-
quire something else. For my part, if there is
any one thing I prize above another it is in
keeping my faith, my pledge, my word, my
covenant. This legislation of Congress is a
covenant with the South ; and when they shall
have complied with all that we have required
of them and send men here who can take the
oath, and do everything we have prescribed to
them, they shall be admitted ; and t« insinuate
that we have a right after they have done that
to put in other conditions and make other
requirements is a lack of faith.
Mr. SUMNER. My friend forgets that the
statute positively declares, "and the said con-
stitution shall be approved by Congress,"
leaving the whole constitution open hereafter
to future criticism.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand that ap-
proval to be to say whether it comes up to
our legislation, whether they have complied
with what we required ; not only whether the
constitution is republican in form, but whether
it allows equal and exact justice, civil and
political rights to be meted out to all the in-
habitants of the State. But to say tjiat we
may reserve something here and "require it •
after they come is bad faith toward these
people. If I had anything to require of them
as an absolute condition of their admission [
would put it into the bill before asking them to
act upon it. For one, I do not believe we have
the right to prescribe new terms and new con-
ditions after they have complied with every-
thing contained in our law.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have not been look-
ing at the Constitution recently; but just now
I picked it up and find there a provision of
this sort:
"This Constitution, and tho laws of tho United
States which shall be made in pursuance thereof,
and all treaties made or which shall be made under
the authority of the United States, shall be the
supremo law of tho land, and the judges in every
fetate shall be bound thereby, anything in tho consti-
tution or laws of any State to the contrary notwith-
standing."
I should like to ask my colleague if his
amendment will be any stronger in terms than
the present provision of the Constitution of
the United States?
Mr. DRAKE. I will answer my colleague
with a great deal of pleasure that that provision
was in the Constitution in the days when nulli-
fication arose and in the days when the rebellion
broke out. The South defied the very Consti-
tution which contained that provision, and
went to war to overthrow it. Now, sir, I want
