1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS;
sirs
will , depend; altogether upon the queStion
whether the Attorney General- has put "the right
construction upon the laws of last winter.1 We
come back to that discussion, whether the
Attorney General, in the opinion which he has
given, has properly construed the laws. I have
not heard his able opinion answered: I have
seen some attempts-at it; but faking the law
and judging of it by the rules which govern
courts and juries in the construction of laws, I
fancy any Senator will find- some difficulty in
answering his views. But I never have heard
that it was an .obstruction to the law, that the
law officer provided by law should give a con-
struction to it.-
The President of the United States is to exe-
cute-these laws. -How? According to their
meaning. And how is he to arrive at their
meaning in a case of doubt? By taking the
opinion of the law-officer; and when he takes
that opinion and acts upon it, it is not an
-obstruction, but a just and proper execution
of the law. What obstruction Congress may
anticipate no individual can tell.
Then the next proposition of this rule is
that amendments are proper which give to
the acts the scope intended by Congress when
the same were passed. How am I to know
what was intended by Congress when those
laws were passed? "By tlie law itself," as
the Senator from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy]
wisely suggests. There is no other rule ot
construction that I know of. Then we are to
look to the law of last winter to see what was
the scope intended by Congress in its passage.
Then, sir, we propose to give the scope
intended by that law. That would seem to
open up every question that is provided for:in
the law itself. If the subject is not provided
for in the law, then it is not within the scope
and meaning of the law; The propefcition of
the Senator from Missouri was not within the
law; it was outside of it; it was attempting to
bring something within it. But the proposi-
tion to regulate the questions of suffrage, the
giving of votes, was within ihe law of last win-
ter ; and so the bill that is before us construes
that law. The law of last winter provided for
making a registration of the voters. This bill
goes on to regulate that subject. It is within
the scope of the last law. This bill provides
that the board of registration may exercise a
judgment upon that point. What is the proper
construction of the last law on that subject I
do not stop now to discuss ; but the Attorney
General has construed that law as denying to
the board a judgment; he says that the duty
of the board is administrative, not at all judi-
cial ; and because Congress now is not satis-
fied with that it is proposed to amend that law
and to give the board the power of judging in
each case. So also the last law excluded'a
certain class of riten who had held a State or
Federal office, and taken an oath to support
the Constitution of the United States, and who
afterward gave aid and comfort to the rebel-
lion. That was within the scope of that law.
It is proposed here to limit that, still further to
restrict the number of persons who may be
registered and who may^vote, by providing
that if they held office at all, and afterward par-
ticipated in the rebellion, they shall not be
allowed to be registered or to become voters.
The proposition of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania is further to regulate the subject of
voting, and to provide how the votes may be
cast. It is within the scope of the law of last
winter; it is within the subject upon which we
legislated ; and therefore I think it is within
any possible construction of this resolution.
It is within the scope intended by Congress if
it is within the subject upon which Congress
legislated. 1 cannot give it any other con-
struction. To say that it is not within what
Congress intended to do is to commence
guessing now at what the mind of each Sen-
ator in voting at the lust session may have
been. That would be simply ridiculous; it
would make this rule folly. Ihe only con-
struction that we can put upon it is that the
subject was within the scope of the legislation
of last winter.' -This is upon the subject of
casting voles. The -Senator proposes by his
amendment, that when the registered voters
come to cast their votes for members of Con-
gress, as provided for in the legislation of last
winter, they shall cast a vote for each member
that may be elected in that State. Whether it
is wise or not is altogether another question;
but I think it is within the scope of the legis-
lation of last winter and-within this rule.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is: Is the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania in order?
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. -DAVIS. I shall vote that the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Pennsj'l-
vania is not in order, but for a different reason
than any that has yet been assigned. I believe
that the subject is germane to the bill under
consideration ; and certainly if the principle of
the Senator could be made practicable and
convenient I would be eminently in its favor.
Any propssition that the honorable Senator
or any other Senator can make, in order, that
will secure or tend to secure both to the major-
ity and the minority of the people of a fair
representation according to their numbers in
the Congress of the United States would in
my judgment be one of the most important
and beneficial principles that were ever pro-
pounded to the acceptance of a Congress or a
people. But his proposition is necessarily
restricted to a portion of the States and of the
people of the United States. I admit that, my
mind is satisfied that if his proposition em-
braced the whole of the people, of the United
States and all the States it would be a legiti-
mate and constitutional proposition. It is
because it is restricted to a portion of the
States, and does not comprehend all of them,
that my mind has' come to the conclusion that
it is not in order to present the proposition ;
for I do not believe the proposition can be
made and restricted to a portion of the States.
To be made properly and constitutionally it
must be made applicable to all.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like to ask the
Senator whether this does not fall under the
same bead as other matters contained in the
bill. This is nn exercise of special jurisdic-
tion and power in a certain section of the coun-
try which we do not, exercise in reference to
other portions of the Union. I can see no
"difficulty in the Senator voting on this amend-
ment, as it is not a final vote; ani when the
measure comes up in its ultimate aspects as
finally amended he can vote against it.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, Mr. President, I regard
the whole subject and the whole proceeding as
flagrantly unconstitutional; but if, on the con-
trary, this proposition was moved to a meas-
ure that I considered to be constitutional and
legitimate, and it restricted this principle of
cumulative suffrage to a portion of the States,
I should say it was unconstitutional, and there-
fore not in order.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 1, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Dixon, Fowler, Hen-
dricks, Norton, ltoss, and Sumner—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Conklinsr, CrasiH, Davis, Edmunds, Frehnghuy-
sen, Henderson, Howe, Johnson, Nye. Patterson of
Tennessee, Pomeroy, Ramsey,fipton.Irumbull, V an
Winkle, Wade, Willey, and Yates—-22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cole, Conness.Corbett,
Doolittle. Drake, Ferry, Fessendcn, Grimes, Guthrie,
Harlan, Howard, Morgan, Morrill ot Maine, Morrill
of Vermont, Morton, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Saulsbury,Sherman.Sprague, Stewart, Thayer, Wil-
liams, and Wilson—24.
So the amendment was held to be out of
order.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senate has fur-
nished me a very good argument against the
passage of this bill. I think no bill of this
description should be passed and placed upon
our statute-book which does not contain
the measure or proposition covered by my
amendment; and I propose.to enter upon,an
exposition of that amendment and a state-
ment of the arguments by wbich.it is supported;
The system of cumulative vpting-has bean
thoroughly discussed in Great Britain,--and is
perhaps better understood in that,country than
in our own. What- is it? -Where more than
one person is to, be elected or chosen by a
body of electors, the first - idea'is, .that each
elector may have Votes equal in number to the
number of persons to be chosen. Formerly,in
this country we elected members of Congress
in the several States by what was called :ganr
era! ticket, under which system each voter.in
the State voted- for as many candidates as
there were Representatives in Congress to be
chosen from his State, giving to each candi-
date one vote. That \xas the .system which
obtained throughout the United States except
in a few States where Representatives (I
believe) were chosen by the Legislature. In
process of time it came to be discovered that
this plan of choosing Representatives in Con-
gress by general ticket was a complete^ and
perfect mode of stifling the voice of the minor-
ity within a State. A political majority of
only five hundred votes in such a State as New
York might send twenty-five or thirty members
to the lower House of Congress, while the large
mass of the minority voters were entirely dis-
franchised, although nearly as numerous as
those who were thus represented in the other
branch. . • .
This system of electing by general ticket, was
therefore abandoned in a number of the_ States
because of its rank and notorious ijijustice&nd
because of the dissatisfaction which it produced.
The habit, however, of so electing Representa-
tives remained in a number of the States until
Congress interposed by virtue of its power
under the Constitution of the United States to
regulate this subject, and there is now a law
upon our statute-book providing that. Repre-
sentatives in Congress shall be selected from
each State by districts; each State where more
than one are to be chosen is to be broken into
single districts and a member elected from
each. That action by the States and this ulti-
mate legislation by Congress was for the pur-
pose of doing away with the injustice^ of the
former system. It was to enable the minority,
or, tospeakin otherwords, to enable the various
-political interests of society to have a voice in
the councils of the nation, to be heard in these
Halls, where laws were to be enacted^ which
would be binding universally upon the citizens.
The establishing of the system of single districts
for the election of members of Congress was a
great reform and a great improvement in Amer-
ican politics; it broke the power of the party
majority to this extent, that they could not
absorb the whole representation of the State
in the popular House of Congress. _ But when
you established the system of single districts you
retained still the majoiity rule for elections in
the districts. The majority rule which obtained
previously in the States was sent down into
these divisions into which the States were
broken, and now obtains in the election of Rep-
resentatives from those several districts. B.u-t as
society with us has increased in magnitude and
in the variety of its interests, inconveniences
and evils which formerly were unnoticed or
unimportant have grown in magnitudealso, and
have become exceedingly important, and the
majority rule which prevails in the selection
of Representatives by districts operates hardly
and badly and requires amendment. At least
that is my opinion; and in vindication of that
opinion, before I conclude I will submit such
reasons as have occurred to me in its support.
A majority in a congressional district, al-
though it be a majority of one vote, though it
have but a preponderance of one vote over the
opposing interest, is entitled to select a Repre-
sentative, and its voice is heard in the Hall of
the people's House. In theory the men who do
not vote for the Representative are represented
by him ; but that theory is simply a falsehood;
it is opposed to the fact; it is not true. In-
stead of representing the men who do not vote
