576
TSE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
July 11,
for him in his district, the ordinary feet is that
the Representative opposes their opinions and
contributes all the power which he possesses to
render those opinions unpopular and fruitless
in the administration of government.
. Now, sir, it is a hardship that large masses
of the American people should-have no voice
in the people's House, that they should be shut
out from representation in the Hall where pop-
ular representation is supposed to prevail with
such completeness and perfection. Everybody
admits that the fast is so, that there is such dis-
franchisement 5' and at some times ■when, the
cases are very glaring that disfranchisement
arrests public attention and elicits indignant
debate.
But we are told that although a minority may
be under our present system disfranchised in
one district, the opposite party may be dis-
franchised ia another; and so taking the whole
State and the whole country together a sort of
equilibrium is produced ; the party which fails
in one district is successful in another, and
vice versa; so that when you carry this thing
throughout the whole country there is some
approach toward justice and a correct result.
My answer for that, which is really the main
plea for the existing system, is this: in the
first place I do not see that the perpetration of
injustice in one locality is any compensation
for the perpetration of injustice in another;
that because a certain minority of voters in
Pennsylvania are without a voice in this Gov-
ernment, therefore the non-representation of a
different class of voters in Kentucky is justified
and made equitable and honorable and of good
repute under a republican system. In short,
sir, my idea is that when you show me a mul-
tiplication of cases of injustice, you havesim-
ply swollen your evil in statement and made it
BKJre odious, more deserving of blows instead
of favor, of opposition instead of support; that
•the variety of the interests which may be dis-
franchised under your majority rule as applied
to congressional districts is the very fact which
pronounces the most weighty condemnation of
that rule instead of furnishing it a justification
or an apology. Then I have another reply to
this suggestion; and that is that it is not true
in point of fact that the disfranchisements
throughout the country taken together, or the
disfranchisements of districts in a particular
State taken together, do result in an equilib-
rium. The fact has' never been so; it is not
likely to occur; the chances are a thousand to
one against it. Therefore, even if there were
some soundness in this doctrine of set-off, of
setting off one wrong against another, the re-
fsult^ would not be the production of an equi-
librium of political forces or their just distri-
bution. How was it in the last Congress?
Sixteen hundred thousand votes in a particular
section "of country represented in Congress—
the North and West—had but 30 votes; while
•two million voters in the same section were
represented in that same House by 128! There-
fore, sir, it is manifestly absurd to talk about
the equalization of disfranchisement. There
is no such result. There is no equalization.
Mr. President, we have all heard a great
deal said in our time about the "sacred prin-
ciple" that the majority shall bear absolute
rule. Well, sir, I deny that there is any such
principle in our system of Government; and
if it could be established, I should deny that
it possessed any sacred character. What is our
principle, the principle upon which our repub-
lican system is founded ? It is that the people
shall rule; that they shall rule themselves ■
that we shall have a system of self-government!
Does that mean that a part of the people shall
rule over another part? Does that mean that
they shall be divided numerically, and that
twenty shall absolutely control nineteen ; or
does it mean volition and action of the whole
mass in the business of self-government ? We
have, however, from what we have supposed
to be the necessity of the case, a majority rule
at elections. It is a simple rule, nothing sacred
m it or about it; an arrangement, a thing of
detail, by which we have attempted in a rude
manner to apply practically our principle of
government by the people ; and this majority
rule formerly obtaining in the States and applied
to a system of voting by general ticket, yet
applies in the districts into which the States
are divided. It is the same in its nature and
to a.great extent it is the same in its effects as
before, and .the very mischief and evil which
led to the abolition of the general ticket system
yet obtains and prevails in elections in single
districts. Though mitigated somewhat, it re-
quires, as I think, the vigorous hand of reform.
I have made these introductory remarks in
order to approach the subject in an intelligible
manner. What is meant by a system of cumu-
lative voting is this: that an elector in any
State, whether he belong to the majority or
to the minority, can give his votes for some
candidate or candidates who will be elected
and who will actually represent him in the
Congress of the United States. That is all
there is of it. That is the Alpha and the Omega
of this whole plan. It is a device by which
there shall be actual insteadof sham represent-
ation in Congress; by which men who come
here into the people's Halls shall represent the
men who vt>te for them and, nobody else, and
by which it -shall not happen that nearly half
the people of the United States shall have no
eflteient or fair representation where the laws
are made.
How is this object accomplished? The man-
ner of accomplishing it is as simple as the thing
is itself. You take the State of Kentucky, about
which there is some discussion now, I believe,
in the House of Representatives as to member-
ship. She is entitled to nine members in that
House. What is proposed is, that an elector
in Kentucky may go to the election and vote
for nine members, if he choose, to represent
his State in that House, giving each candidate
one vote, or he may bestow his nine votes upon
four candidates if he choose, or upon one or
upon any other number less than the whole.
All the provision of law that is necessary is
that the elector may vote for a less number of
candidates than the whole number to be chosen,
and he may distribute his votes among that less
number according to his judgment and discre-
tion, enlightened or directed by his convictions
of public duty. That is simple. It does not
require a long explanation here ; nor to the
commonest-minded man in the country is it
necessary to go into a protracted argument in
order that he may comprehend it. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky remarked a short time ago
that he was in favor of this thing if it were
practicable. He was in favor of some im-
provement of this kind.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not mean to say that it
was impracticable. I am very ready to receive
information as to the practicability of it from
the honorable Senator.
Mr. BUCK ALE U'. The Constitution of
the United States says you may regulate the
manner of electing members of Congress;
you have interposed already by law to abolish
the evils of the general ticket system by which
a majority could elect all the members from a
State. _ J<ow what I ask you to do is in the
same line of reform with that former legisla-
tion that you shall go on, and instead of allow-
ing any portion of the people of a State to be
disfranchised, you shall permit them so to vote
that they shall get actual representation.
Mr. DAVIS. _ If the honorable Senator will
permit me, I will mention as an evidence of
my friendliness to his principle, that I was a
member of the House at the time that bill was
passed, and voted for it; and I was then upon
the Committee of Elections, and I made a re-
port in favor of the bill. Some of the States
then voted by general ticket, and some did not.
Some voted by the district system, with dis-
tricts entitled to send two or three or four
Kepresentatives, as was the case in the hon-
orable Senator's State. That measure was
deemed entirely a Whigitneasure; it was op-
posed by the Democracy ; and there were four
Stafes, according to my best recollection, two
of which I renSember, Mississippi and New
Hampshire, who refused obedience to the law,
and continued to elect their Representatives
npon the exploded general ticket system, defy-
ing the law of Congress. But their represent-
ation, elected on the general ticket system,
was accepted in the next House- by a majority.
I merely make this statement of my being a
friend to that measure to give some assurance
to the honorable Senator that I am not hostile
to the principle of his proposition.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Well, sir, whatever may
be said of this measure, it is certainly practi-
cable. It requires nothing but an act of Con-
gress of half a dozen lines permitting an elector
in any State choosing members of Congress to
bestow his vote on any number of candidates
less than the whole; Nothing further is neces-
sary than that the votes so taken shall be re-
ported, counted by the secretary of the com-
monwealth in a State, and,jthe returns signed
by the Governor in the usual way, and sent to.
the Speaker of the House of Kepresentatives.
The scheme requires no machinery; it requires
no involved legislation ; it involves no diffi-
culty in putting it into execution.
Now, let me illustrate how this scheme would
work by a particular example. Take "the case
of Vermont, a State with sixty thousand voters,
forty thousand of which are members -of the
majority party, and twenty thousand of tha
minority. By act of Congress—the existing
apportionment law—that State is entitled to
three members. The numbers I have stated
are very nearly the exact numbers of voters in
that State. Every .one at a glance can sea
•what ought to take place. The majority hav-
ing forty thousand votes should choose, two
members of Congress from that State, and the
minority having twenty thousand votes should
elect one member. Then there would be just
representation. Then there could be no com-
plaint in any quarter. Then our principle of
the representation of the people would be ap-
plied in the particular case, ana no human being
can conceive of any argument or objection
against that result.
This system of cumulative voting renders
just that result certain—renders it morally
impossible that any other should take place ;
ana why ? Because the minority cumulating
their votes upon a single candidate can give
him sixty thousand votes; each elector giving
his candidate three votes, it- would count him
sixty thousand. The forty thousand constitut-
ing the political majority in the State, if they
attempt to vote for three candidates, can only
.jive them forty thousand each. " If they cumu-
late their votes upon two candidates, which ia
what they are entitled to, they can give them
sixty thousand votes each; so that two men
will be elected to Congress representing the
majority and one man representing the minority,
and it is impossible for either one of those
political interests to prevent the other from
obtaining its due share of representation.
Take the case of Pennsylvania, with twenty-
four members. In that State at the last con-
gressional election there were polled five hun-
dred and ninety-six thousand one hundred and
forty-one votes. The majority party polled
three hundred and three thousand seven hun-
dred and ninety and the minority two hundred
and ninety-two thousand three hundred and
fifty-one. _ It thus appears that there was a
majority in favor of one political interest in
that State at that congressional election,
amonntiug to eleven thousand- four hundred
and thirty-nine votes. Multiplying that by
five—one-fifth of the population ordinarily
being the voters of the State—and you see
that that surplus which one party possessed of
votes over the other represents a population
a little exceeding fifty-five thousand—less
one-half the number of inhabitants in the
State entitled to a representative in Congress,
so that this surplus of votes of one party
over the other represents a minority fraction
upon a ratio a( apportionment of members of
