578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
side could deprive the other ofits fair share in
the result.
I should like to enlarge on that point, but I
shall not do so; for the reason that the decision
of the Senate ruling the amendment proposed
by me out of order upon this bill does not
render a discussion of the effects of this system
in those States, in connection with the coming
elections, as important as it would otherwise be.
I am going over, as briefly as I can, the dif-
ferent heads of the argument, in order that
they may be considered here elsewhere,
because this is not the end of tMPsubject. A
proposition which is just in itself, which is
capable of being vindicated by debate, which
is important and vital to the working of our
representative system, cannot be kept down or
suppressed. If it be pushed aside at one time
it will recur upon us, it will return again and
again, until it be determined upon its merits
and according to an enlightened public senti-
ment developed or produced by discussion.
In the last place, Mr. President, this system
of cumulative voting will be a most valuable
check upon fraud at elections. No measure
ever proposed in this Union would have so
extensive and salutary an effect in checking
election frauds and corruption as this system
of fair and honest voting which I defend. Do
you-not discover at a glance in looking over the
States of the Union the main source from which
electoral corruption issues, the main cause that
brings it into existence ? What is that ? Why,
sir, the rnotive'put before every candidate in
every district of the country that is anything
like close, the strong incentive and the strong
temptation is to corrupt a few votes in order to
turn them into his scale and carry his election
over all opposing candidate. And when one
candidate resorts to this mode of promoting
his interests, the opposing candidate feels jus-
tified in retaliating in the same way ; and thus
it is that an iniquity perpetrated on one side
begets similar iniquity upon the other. There
is a putting of corruption against corruption in
the closely contested districts at all events, or
most noticeably at commercial points, and our
system of government is thereby poisoned at
its very fountain. The evil is growing yearly.
_ As the country becomes denser in popula-
tion, as wealth accumulates, as the various in-
terests of society become more diverse, its
affairs more complicated and dependent upon
legislation, this evil of electoral corruption
must increase and swell in volume. You must
correct your arrangements for elections in order
to check it. Cumulative voting will check it.
There will be no longer a struggle for district
majorities, a struggle for a few votes for one
man over another, because one party in a State
casting its votes for the number of men or
about the number of men it can elect accord-
ing to its numbers in that State will elect them
against the whole world, and there is no motive
to corrupt anybody, there is no turning of the
scale by any species of illegitimate influence
which may be brought to bear. Then no little
local interest can come to a political party and
command terms from it, command its action.
Then no man with his pocket full of accumu-
lated gain can go to election agents and through
them corrupt a part, of the electoral body to
turn tiie scale in his own favor, provoking
thereby similar corruption on the other side.
Then illegitimate, pernicious, and selfish inter-
ests in a State will not use the machinery of
your electoral system for the purpose of poi-
soning the sources of political power, because
there will not be a sufficient motive. It is
these contests for majorities between candi-
dates that causes the major part of the evil of
which we complain.
Sir, we have not in this regard attained to
the full height and depth and breadth of pos-
sible evil. But we have declined far below
the purity of former times. The Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] thinks our elec-
tions in this country are models of purity, that
nobody is corrupted, that there is little depart-
ure from honest principles in their management.
Notwithstanding his opinion, I consider that
this evil is already extensive enough with us
to alarm every patriot and every honest man.
I could if it were necessary and time permit-
ted put my finger upon cases in my own State
which would establish a very different opinion
(at least as to that section of the Union,) from
that which the Senator from Massachusetts
announces.
Let me illustrate the extent to which, under
a system of elections by the majority rule, cor-
ruption may be carried for the purpose of ob-
taining these local majorities. I take cases
from England—some parliamentary boroughs.
In the debate in the House of Commons on
the 30th of May last a provision of the reform
bill was pending which had been proposed by
the ministry for the disfranchisement of certain
boroughs, on the ground of the corruption of
the electors therein. Four boroughs were to
be struck from the list of those to be repre-
sented hereafter in Parliament, (whether the
inhabitants were to be counted as electors
of the counties in which they were located
or not was not determined at the last accounts.)
There had been an examination by a board of
commission of the subject of corruption in
those boroughs at the previous parliamentary
election. Witnesses were examined under oath;
the case of each borough was thoroughly in-
vestigated, and the facts were laid before Par-
liament. What did the report of the commis-
sion show ? The statement is a startling one,
and is as follows:
CORRUPTION IN ENGLISH BOROUCtrs.
Registered J/npure
„ Voters. Voters.
Totness  421 i;18
fteigate  812 316
Great Yarmouth  1,647 528
Lancaster  1,498 916
In Totness and Reigate the corrupt votes were
thirty-eight per cent. of the whole; in Yarmouth
thirty-two per cent., and in Lancaster sixty-four!
. Th.e reason why Yarmouth shows the lowest
in this scale of infamy, is that by act of Parlia-
ment some years since the freemen were dis-
franchised, and suffrage was confined to house-
holders ; so that the percentage of corrupt voters
is only thirty-two per cent.; whereas in Lancas-
ter, a borough of somewhat similar character,
the percentage amounts to sixty-four per cent.
This is shown by a detail of the voters in Lan-
caster. There, of freemen, there were 9S0
registered, of whom 708 were proved to be
impure; whereas of the householders, 439 reg-
istered, the number of corrupt was only 208.
Here three fourths of the freemen were bribers
or bribed, whereas less than one half of the
householders were corrupted.
These are the facts as proved, and they of
course do not include the corruption in those
boroughs which was not detected by the com-
mission, of which there may have been a con-
siderable amount. You see here to what
length electoral corruption may be carried
under the district system—because in England
their boroughs are really districts—where the
majority or the plurality rule obtains, and
where there is a motive for a corrupt man to
struggle for the balance T)f power in order to
turn the scale. One great.objection I have
always had to colored suffrage, aniwhich I
have stated upon this floor, has been this: that
thereby you cast into the hands of corrupt and
ambitious and evil men in this country, a vast
opportunity for mischief for using this mass of
votes for their own improper purposes. Look-
ing from the practical point of view upon this
question, I supposed that it connected itself
with the subject of corruption; but if you had
a systern of cumulative voting in the South,
each political party there would have the power
to secure to itself due lepresentation in Con-
.gress in spite of another ; the causes of cor-
ruption would be cut off or limited, and you
could have a system comparatively pure. Sir,
1 show you these English examples as a warn-
ing, as pointing out to you the great danger to
which our representative system is liabft par-
ticularly in that section with which your meas-
ures of reconstruction are concerned.
Mr. President, I had prepared some time
since a complete analysis of the recent elec-
tions in the States represented in Congress,
from the best means of information within my
power, for the purpose of showingthe opera-
tion of our existing system of elections under
the majority rule ; but, sir, it is not necessary
for me to go over that. All I shall say upon
that point is that you cannot examine the facts
as to any State, taking your figures from any
authentic publication, without perceiving that
your representative system requires-reform;
that it requires you to advance from the posi-
tion that you have heretofore maintained as to
the manner in which the right of suffrage shall
be exercised by our people; and the further
this investigation shall be canied the mure
thorough will be this conviction.
Mr. President, I have done what I supposed
to be a duty in calling attention to this ques-
tion, presenting it to the consideration of the
Senate, knowing perfectly well that it will be
again before us, and feeling assured that the
proposition will eventually triumph here on this
floor and throughout the country, that you will
make your plan of taking the sense of the
people in the election of members of Congress
just, equitable, reasonable, fair ; thatyouwill
make and shape it according to the informa-
tion which you now possess, instead of contin-
uing your present imperfect arrangement; that
as you extend the basis of suffrage as you
make changes in the foundations of political
power, you will improve the plans upon which*
your system shall be worked and made to
accomplish its proper objects.
JL have in conclusion only to cite authority,
which will be brief upon this question. In the
first place I will read from an author of the
first rank—from John Stuart Mill's work on
parliamentary reform, on page 28. He is
speaking of districts which shall elect each
three members of the Parliament, and is pro-
posing the application of improved modes of
voting to them:
"Assuming, then, that each constituency elects
three representatives, two modes have been pro-
posed, in either of which a minority, amounting to a
third of the constituency, may, by acting in concert,
and determining to aim at no more, return one of the
members. One plan is, that each elector should only
be allowed to vote for two, or even for one, although
three are to be elected. The other leaves to the
elector his three votes, but allows -him to give ail of
them to one candidate: The first of these plans was
adopted in the reform bill of Lord Aberdeen's gov-
ernment; but I do not hesitate most decidedly to
prefer the second, which has been advocated in an
able and conclusive pamphlet by Mr. James Gaith
Marshall.
"The former plan must be always and inevitably
unpopular, because it cuts down the privileges of the
voter, while thelatteron the contrary, extends them.
And 1 am prepared to maintain that the permission
of cumulate votes, that is, of giving* either one? two,
or three votes to a single candidate, is in itself, even
independently ofits effect in giving a representation
to minorities, the mode of voting which gives the
most faithful expression of the wishes of th*e elector.
On the existing plan, an,elector who votes for three
can give his vote for tne three candidates whom
I? Pr?f°rs their competitors; but among those
three he may desire the successof one immeasurably
mote than that of the other two, and may.be filling
to relinquish them entirely for an increased chance
of attaining the greater object.
"This portion of his wishes he has now no means
oi expressing by his vote. IIo may sacrifice two of
his votes altogether, but in no case can he give more
than a single vote to the object ot his preference.
Why should the mere fact of preference be alone
considered, and no account whatever be taken of the
degree of it ? The power to give several votes to a
single candidate would be eminently favorable to
those whose claims to be chosen are derived from
personal qualities, and not from their being the mere
symbols of an opinion. For if the voter gives his
suffrage to a candidate in consideration of pledges or
because the candidate is of the same party with him-
self, he will not desire the success of that individual
more than that of any other who will take the same
^•?'w?s wrongs to/the same paity.
When he is especially concerned for the election
ox some one candidate, it is on account of something
which pcisonally distinguishes that candidate from
other? on the same side. Where there is no overrul-
ing local influence in favor of an individual, tho^e
who would be benelited as candidates by the cumu-
lative vote would generally be the persons of great-
est real or reputed virtue or talents."
In his subsequent work on representative
government he has gone elaborately into an
investigation of the existing evils of the repre-
sentative system as shown in Great Britain,
and has laid elaborately the foundations of an
