$80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
it; and so in relation to all the other questions
that can arise.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He might decide it.
Mr. JOHNSON. He might decide it, bat
his decision cannot be revised. I was about
to say further—for I propose only to detain the
Senate a moment or two—when it is said that
these civil tribunals are merely provisional,
exist merely upon the will of Congress, tribu-
nals of sufferance, the Senate ought to recol-
lect that the Supreme Court of the United
States has, since the war terminated, enter-
tained writs of error to decisions of those courts
asState courts, and has reversed them. When
it is said that these States are not States in the
Union now as well as they were before the
rebellion, the Senate ought to be informed, if
they have not heard of it, that at the last ses-
sion of that tribunal two cases arose which
brought before it for decision that very ques-
tion in one form. The State of Texas applied to
the Supreme Court for the exercise of its ori-
ginal jurisdiction, which can only be exercised
when a State is a party and in, the case of
embassadors and other foreign ministers, for
the purpose of enjoining some wrong which she
alleged was about to be perpetrated on the
State in regard to the issue of some bonds. I
was not in the case ; but the point was made
that it was not a State, that it was carried out
of the Union by the rebellion, that it had never
been brought into the Union by any congres-
sional action, and it had therefore no right to
come into the Supreme Court as a State and
invoke the original jurisdiction of that court.
The Supreme Court decided, and as I believe
unanimously, that she had a right, and they
issued the injunction as prayed.
Xn another case, in which I was counsel, the
State of Virginia filed a bill against the State
ot West Virginia, claiming that West Virginia
was exercising jurisdiction over two counties
that originally belonged to the Old Dominion,
as they termed it, Jefferson and Berkeley. I
demurred to the bill on the ground that the
question whether the two counties had or had
not separated themselves from Virginia and
become a part of West Virginia was one over
ivhich the Supreme Court had no jurisdiction,
for it was left, first to an election, to the choice
of the people of those two counties, and
the result of that election was to be passed
upon by the Governor of Virginia, and if
the Governor of Virginia was satisfied that a
majority of the people of the counties were
in favor of going with West Virginia he was to
issue r proclamation to that effect, and that
was done. But the other point that I made—
and I wanted the question decided—the other
point that I made in the argument was that
Virginia was not a State; and I took this
ground the argument has been .printed since
and I think I have sent it to some of the Sen-
ators : I said, first, that the decisions of the
Supreme Court upon political questions were
not binding upon either of the other depart-
ments of the Government. I said, secondly,
that upon a question of that kind, State or no
State, which was a question in its nature polit-
ical, it was to be submitted exclusively to the
jurisdiction of Congress, as Congress had de-
cided—not that it was my own opinion, but
that the legislation of Congress on the subject
rested, and could only rest, as I thought, upon
the ground that over the question of State or
no State, in the sense of the Constitution, that
department of the Government had supreme
jurisdiction ; and as they had decided by the
acts of E'ebruary and March of our last session
that these States were not entitled to repre-
sentation, were not States in the Union, and
could not become entitled to representation as
States in the Union until Congress should think
proper to admit them after they should have
conformed to the conditions which Congress
might prescribe, that was binding on the judi-
ciary. Ihe case is now held under advisement.
J. do not know certainly what the opinion of
any one of the judges is upon that particular
question, but I have reason to believe that
again they were unanimous in believing that
there was nothing in the point; that Virginia'
is as much a State now as she was the day she
passed her ordinance of secession, and is, con-
sequently, as much entitled now to claim the
original jurisdiction of the Supreme Court as
she would have been if she never had gone into
the rebellion.
Mr. President, I think with the Attorney
General in relation to most of the points cov-
ered by his opinion that- he has properly in-
terpreted the acts of Congress. I have already
said that I think he is mistaken in one partic-
ular at least, but I think he has properly con-
strued those acts in almost every other partic-
ular ; and I rely, in corroboration of the cor-
rectness of that opinion, upon the bill on your
table. The first section is perhaps inconsistent
with the idea that the Judiciary Committee con-
cur in opinion with the Attorney General, and
the fifth section may show also that they differ
with the Attorney General; but the second,
the third, the fourth, and the sixth are all new-
enactments, not passed, as I understand it,
looking to the bill with a view to correct any
misconstruction of the original legislation, but
passed because, in the judgment of the com-
mittee, and I suppose that will be the judg-
ment of the Senate, it is important that some
additional provision should he incorporated
into the laws before the States come in.
For example, two sections are enough to
illustrate what I mean. The fourth section
confirms all acts of removal of civil officers
by the military commanders and confirms all
appointments. Now, what is the use of that
if the military commander had the authority to
remove under the original law? If he had the
authority to appoint, it needs no vindication,
110 confirmation. It can only, as I think, be
because it was supposed at least to be doubt-
ful whether these commanders had either
authority, the authority to remove or the au-
thority to appoint.
.Now, we come to the next section. That
gives, in words, the authority to remove and
the authority to appoint. It will not be pre-
tended that those words are in the original
acts. That is very clear. It will not be pre-
tended at least that, looking to the original
acts, it is not extremely doubtful if the con-
struction is not obviously the other way,
whether there was an authority to remove and
appoint; and so in relation to the other sec-
tions. I consider the bill, therefore, in its main
features as confirming the interpretation which
the Attorney General has placed upon the acts
of February and March last.
A word more, and I shall have done. Per-
haps I said it in advance. If the honorable
members of the Senate knew that officer as
well as I do, and as well as others who have
the pleasure of his acquaintance, private and
professional, they would not for a moment
harbor a suspicion that he would lend himself
for any party purpose to misconstrue a law.
His duty as Attorney General, his sworn duty
when lie is called upon by the President or any
head of a Department, is to advise them upon
legal points as he may conscientiously think
the law is. That I have no doubt he has done.
W hether he has done it correctly or not on the
whole may be a matter subject to doubt; but
that he has done it correctly in nearly every
one of the points to which he has directed
attention in my judgment seems to be clear,
with due deference to the members of the
Senate who may differ with me. Above all I
think, without meaning to disparage any mem-
ber of the Senate, that it would be exceedingly
difficult for any one of them to answer that
opinion in the particulars to which I have
adverted so as to carry conviction to a judicial
mind.
Mr. SUMNER. Is the bill open to amend-
ment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. Before offering some amend-
ments whiph I have on my table, I desire to call
the attention of the Senate very briefly to the
character of this bill.
The subject of reconstruction has been before
Congress for many years. It first appeared in
the Senate as a proposition of my own as long
agc^ as February, 1802. From that time to
this it has been constantly present. If at any
time Congress has erred it has been from inac-
tion and not from action. And now the same
danger is imminent.
Mark, if you please, the stages. At every
step there has been a battle. Nothing could
be j>r<5posed which was not opposed, often with
feeling, and sometimes even with animosity. I
do not speak now of the other side, but of our
friends on this side of the Chamber, some of
whom have fought every measure.
To my mind nothing has been plaindt from
the beginning than the jurisdiction of Congress
over this whole subject. Obviously it was not
for the Executive, but for the Legislative.
The President was Commander-in-Chief of the
Army. That function was his. But he could
not make States or constitutions, or determine
how States or constitutions should be made.
All that he did to this end was gross usurpa-
tion, aggravated, by the motives and the conse-
quences of his conduct.
Unquestionably the jurisdiction was in Con-
gress,; and 1 shall never cease to lament that
it was not asserted promptly and courageously.
Our delay has postponed the establishment of
peace and reconciliation. Much as the Presi-
dent has erred, Congress has not been without
its errors also. The President erred from as-
suming powers which did not belong to him ;
Congress erred from declining to assume pow-
ers which belonged to it. The sins of the
President were of commission; the sins of
Congress were of omission. The President did
the things he ought not to have done; Congress
left undone the things it ought to have done.
In the exercise of unquestioned jurisdiction
Congress should.at once have provided civil
governments, through whose influence and
agency the rebel States might have been
shaped into republican forms. Such a pro-
ceeding would have been more constitutional
and more according to the genius of our insti-
tutions than that which was adopted. It is
hard to reconcile a military government or any
government born of military power with the
true idea of a republic. Tardily, too tardily,
Congress entered upon the work; and then
began hesitations of another character. Even
when it assumed jurisdiction it halted. For a
long time it refused to confer the suffrage upon
the colored race. At last this was done. Then
it refused to exclude rebels from the work of
reconstruction, and when at last it attempted
something its rule of exclusion' was so little
certain that an ingenious lawyer, by a written
opinion, has set it aside.
There have been bills with riders, and after
the passage of these bills there has been a sup-
plementary bill with riders. And still further
legislation is needed. Surely these successive
failures have their lesson. They admonish us
now to make thorough work.
If you will not establish civil governments,
with the military power simply as a support,
then at least do not hesitate to vacate the
existing governments, which are so many
roots and centers of sedition. All the officers
of these governments, from the highest to the
lowest, exercise an influence adverse to a just
reconstruction.^ They are in the way of peace
and reconciliation. They increase the essen-
tial difficulties^ of forming new governments.
Through-thcir influence a hostile spirit is en-
gendered and sustained. Such an obstacle
should be removed.
At the same time be careful that rebel influ-
ence is n°t allowed to prevail in the formation
of the new governments. Of. course'this can
be done only by excluding rebels during this
transition period, until the new governments
are formed. The rule of exclusion may be
properly changed when loyal and republican
governments have been established. My atten-
tion has already been called to cases deserving
attention. For instance, there are naturalized
citizens who have taken an oath to support
the Constitution and afterward became rebels;
