582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
it was suggested to me that I, perhaps, had
better volunteer aa their counsel in court rather
than appear in this Chamber. Now the ques-
tion of my friend from New York is precisely
in the same spirit. There is no doubt that 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does this proviso give
any remedy ?
Mr. SUMNER. There is no doubt that
under the existing law there can be no exclu-
sion on account of color; nobody is for that
reason disqualified from the exercise of any
function. What is there to prevent a colored
person from being a Seflator of the United
States ; and who can doubt that within a very
few months it will be our business to welcome
a colored Senator on this floor? I cannot
doubt it.
Mr. JOHNSON. How many?
Mr. SUMNER. That I do not know ; but
I ask you, who now look to the colored vote in
these States as a means of security and peace,
through which you are to find protection for
this Republic and for your white citizens there
as well as for themselves, to see to it that they
have not this stigma put upon them by any
commanding general who pretends to act by
virtue of our legislation. It is not enough to
tell me, therefore, that under the actual law
colored persons may be designated. To that
I reply, in the State of Virginia they have not
been designated; and I wish now that Con-
gress should take the matter in hand and say
that any exclusion on account of color is with-
out the sanction of law.
And now that brings me to the inquiry of my
friend from Illinois as to the penalty I think,
or as to the extent of the remedy.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The question was
whether your proviso afforded any remedy.
Mr. SUMNER. That I will answer. My
proviso affords precisely the same remedy that
it afforded on the railroad bills. It is just in
the same terms. I followed those terms be-
cause I know my friend likes good precedents,
and we have enough of those on the question
of the railroad cars. I think the Senate adopted
that proviso at least half a dozen different
times. There it is, without any penalty, and
yet it has been most efficacious not only in
these streets, but as jan example throughout the
whole country. And now adopt this proviso,
and I am sure that it will be most efficacious
with all our generals without adding any pen-
alty. Shouldthey exclude persons on account
of color, it will be a violation of law; there
will be no votes of thanks for them; no hope
of golden spurs to-day. And, by the way,
though ! do not wish to be led aside from this
discussion, I feel that I ought not to allude to
General Schofield without expressing my doubt
whether he does deserve the thanks of Con-
gress for what he has done. I fear that he has
been in many respects an impediment to a just
reconstruction. At any rate, I have many let-
ters from Virginia to that effect; and I merely
call attention to the point simply by way of
illustration of the necessity of some inter-
vention on our part that this abuse should
cease. The Senator from New York surely
will not sustain the reasonableness of the
present organization of the boards of registra-
tion in Virginia, where in that whole large
State, now registering so many colored per-
sons, there is not a single colored citizen on
the board. Can he sustain that? Is it not
unreasonable ? Ought it not to be interfered
with? Do not tell me there is nothing in the
law to sanction it. It is there; it is done.
Let us interfere to set it aside.
Mr. CONKLING. My inquiry was ad-
dressed to the case made by the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts, and he
answers by a reference to the legislation as to
the street railroads here. I do not think the
answer is a good one. The law as it stands
now—not the common law, not the general
understanding of mankind, but the statute law
on this very subject—not only qualifies colored
men for membership in boards of registry, but
provides in different forms that there shall be
no aistinction as to their qualifications. The I
Senator tells us that, despite that law, in one
State at least, it happens in fact (he no doubt
being right in saying that it is purposely so)
that all the members of all the boards of regis-
try are white men ; and now he proposes as a
practical measure to enact, in the language
of his amendment, that color shall not disqual-
ify—that is the word—that color shall not dis-
qualify men from holding positions upon those
boards; so that we have this case: first, a set
of statutes which says much more strongly than
this amendment says, because I think it is
rather a provision of dilution than of strength
—we have provisions which say there shall be
no distinction whatever in this respect on ac-
count of race, color, or previous condition of
servitude. Then we have the defiance or eva-
sion by one of .these commanders, the Senator
thinks, of those provisions, and we have in this
State to which he has referred boards of regis-
try appointed, who have been executing their
duties, and the same men to the end, unless
we turn them out, are to continue such regis-
ters ; and now, by way of a practical cure of
this evil, a provision is presented to us which
says that color shall not in the futurfi be a dis-
qualification to membership of these boards.
Mr. President, I think the Senator will see
that to whatever other ends this amendment is
adapted it has not the slightest effect in curing
the difficulty of which the Senator speaks. In the
first place, these boards are already appointed,
and are to go on. In the next place, if they
were not, if the whole thing was in fuiuro,
when you have already on the statute-book
provisions that black men just as much as
white men are eligible, and the commander is
left to choose, unless you have some provision
which is to curb htm, which is in some way to
rein his natural disposition, it is a mere bull
at the comet to repeat over again that black
men shall not be disqualified.
Mr. JOHNSON. He might take all blacks.
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly, he might take
all blacks if he pleases ; and he might take all
blacks under this provision ; and so undoubt-
edly he might take all whites; and therefore
my suggestion is that we are legislating in a
circle; that we come out exactly where we go
in; and that we cumulate upon the statute-
book provisions, the phraseology of this par-
ticular one being, I submit to the Senator, not
quite so strong, not quite so well, not quite so
binding as two or three others on this subject
now. _ If it gave any additional strength to the
bill; if it tended in any degree to accomplish
the purpose which the Senator has in vie%, I
say to him I should vote for it with great pleas-
ure, as I should always have voted for any
provision which was likely to prevent the inhu-
manity, the barbarity, the incivility to which
persons of a particular condition or color may
have been subjected in the railway cars. But
I do not wish, for one, to vote for an amend-
ment which I think carries nothing with it,
but which simply encumbers the bill with unne-
cessary, and, I might say, verbose provisions.
Mr. WILSON. General Schofield made his
appointments very early. I regret to learn
that no colored men were placed upoii the
boards of registration. I did not know it was
a factbefore ; forso far as I have seenorheard
from General Schofield I have certainly seen
and heard that he has a disposition to do what
is fair and just in this matter of reconstruc-
tion. General Sheridan made his appoint-
ments very early, and he appointed no colored
men upon his boards. I believe recently there
have been some vacancies which have been
filled by colored men. General Pope,inmak-
ing his boards of registration in Alabama and
Georgia, put one colored man on every board.
General Sickles has not yet appointed his
boards ; and I have no doubt myself that Gen-
eral Sickles, certainly with the feeling in the
country, will appoint some colored men upon
his boards. I have every reason to think so
because I have conversed with him on that sub-
ject. I certainly see no harm that can be done
by putting this amendment into this bill. It is
not mandatory; it can compel nothing; but it
is an expression of the feeling of Congress if
it is put in.
Mr. CONKLING. _ That is the reason why
it is useless, because it can compel nothing to
be done under it.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 18 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Cragin, Drake, Fowler,
Grimes, Harlan, Howard, Howe, Nye, Pomeroy, Ram-
sey, Eoss, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Wade, Wilson,
and Yates—IS.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buekalcw, Cat-
tell, Conkling, Davis, Dixon, Edmunds, Fessenden,
Frelinghuysen, Hendricks, Johnson, Norton, Patter-
son of New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, and Willey—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, Cole, Conness, Cor-
bett.Doolittle, Ferry, Guthrie, Henderson, Morgan,
Morrill ofMaine,Morrill of Vermont, Morton,Sauls-
bury, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, and Williams—17.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer another amendment,
to come in at the end of the bill as a new sec-
tion :
And he it further enacted, That there shall be no
elections of State or n-atronal officers under any new
constitution until after the same has been approved
by Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I raise the question of
order upon that amendment. It is a direct
repeal of a clause of the former law which we
are instructed to carry out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will refer that question to the decision of the
Senate. The question will be whether the
amendment offered by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts is in order.
Mr. SUMNER. On that I hear no reason
assigned for its not being in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is directly contrary to
the rule.
Mr. SUMNER. In what way?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The law as it exists pro-
provides for elections.
Mr. SUMNER. But this is that there shall
be no election of officers, State or national,
under any new constitution until it has been
approved by Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But the law we have
passed provides for members of Congress being
elected.
Mr. SUMNER. 'But it does not go into
details. This goes into details.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is unnecessary to
take up time about it; but the Legislature has
to be elected in the State and take action rati-
fying our constitutional amendment; and this
is directly at war with the reconstruction acts
we have passed instead of being to carry them
out. I submit that it is clearly out of order
under the rule.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is whether this amendment is in order.
The question being put, the amendment was
decided to be in order.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer another amendment,
to come in as an additional section:
And he it further enacted. That in each of these
States all judgments and decrees of court which havo
not been voluntarily executed, and which have been
rendered subsequent to the date of the ordinance of
secession in each State respectively, shall bo subject
to appeal to the highest court m the State, organized
after the State shall bo admitted again by Congress
into the Union ; but no such appeal shall be allowed
unless the motion for the same shall have been lodged
m the court or clerk's office of the court in which the
decree was rendered within sixty days after the gov-
ernor appointed under this act shall have entered
upon the discharge of the duties of his office; and for
alljudgmontsrenrleredsubseiiuenttosuch date,within
sixty days after the same liave been rendered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I regret that my friend
from Massachusetts, who must see that this
is new legislation, and clearly not in order
under the rule of the Senate, should insist on
offering these amendments. It compels me to
object to them as out of order under the rule
which the Senate has adopted. This amend-
ment is clearly not carrying out any provision
that is in the reconstruction acts. I object to
it as out of order.
• The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will refer the question to the Senate. It is
impossible for the Chair to assume to know all
