1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
583
there is in what are called the reconstruction
acts; and if I did know I could not judge
what would be an obstruction, or what would
prevent obstruction. They who made the rule
will understand it much better than I do, and
therefore -I refer it to the Senate to decide.
The question is, is the amendment offered by
the Senator from Massachusetts in order?
Mr. SUMNER. I wish the Senate to under-
stand the bearing of this amendment. My
attention has been called to the necessity of
such a provision as this very often by gentle-
men from the South, and especially by lawyers
there. _ They tell me that without some such
provision the grossest injustice will be done.
Throughout the whole rebellion the local tribu-
nals were sitting to administer justice ; but it
was not justice, but injustice that they admin-
istered. Under their decrees private rights
were overthrown; and I doubt not that my
friend from Illinois has recently read in the
papers an account of an extensive injustice in
Texas, where private property to, I should
say, an almost incalculable amount was taken
away by these unjustdecrees. There they are,
decrees of court by wEich property has been
transferred.
Should there not be a remedy? I think all
will say that there should be. Now this is, if
I may so express myself, the last time of ask-
ing. If those States are once organized as
States and received into the Union, I know not
if you have the power of applying a remedy.
That you have now I am sure. I cannot doubt
your constitutional power at this moment to
set aside all those decrees so far as they have
not been voluntarily submitted to, or subject
them, according to the provision of my amend-
ment, to appeal in a higher tribunal after the
reorganization of justice in these States. Is
not the proposition reasonable? Is it not to
serve the ends of justice? If you do not accept
it now, can you accept it at any time hereafter ?
And if you do not accept it now or hereafter,
will not these parties go without a remedy?
On that question I do not pronounce dogmatic-
ally. I do not mean to say that they will be
absolutely without remedy; but I do not easily
see their remedy. I see difficulties in the way,
while at this moment I see no difficulties in
the way.
Then I encounter the objection that this is
not in order. Why not? Is not this to carry
out your reconstruction bill, to smooth diffi-
culties, to remove wrong, to establish justice ?
It may not have been specifically foreshadowed
in your original bill or the supplemental bill;
but I do submit that it is entirely germane to
both of those bills. Besides, it is commended
by an intrinsic justice which ought to make it
accepted at any time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, is this amendment in order?
The question being put, the amendment was
decided to be out of order.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer another amendment
to come in as an additional section at the end
of the bill:
And be it, further enacted, That all the provisions of
this act, and of the acts to which this is supplement-
ary, shall be construed liberally, to the end that all
the intents thereof may be fully and perfectly car-
ried out.
There is no objection to that on the grounds
of order, I think.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer another amendment,
to come in at the end of section six :
And for the purpose of carrying out this, or any
other act of Congress, all persona shall be considered
as in the military or naval service as officers ot tho
United States from tho date of their being borne
urion their respective Army and Navy registers as
cadets and midshipmen or acting midshipmen.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I must object to that as
coming strictly within the rule. _
Mr. SUMNER. Not at alh It is by way
of interpretation. I can explain it so that I
think I can have the Senator s consent to it.
Our act has been interpreted in this way:
that persons in the Military or Naval Acad-
emy are not considered as officers m the mili-
tary or naval service, and therefore excluded
when they have gone over to rebellion.
The object of my amendment is simply to
put persons who, being cadets, naval or
military, then went ovet to rebellion, on the
excluded list. That is the whole of it. It is
doing it by interpretation. ,It is declaring that
under the list of officers in the Army and Navy
we intended to include cadets. Are they not
officers, embryo officers? I submit to my
friend 'that his objection is not well taken.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
those persons being treated, and certainly sup-
pose they ought to be treated, as officers who
were excluded. I think % cadet in the Military
Academy or a midshipman in the Naval Acad-
emy is in our service, and I understand them
to be in our service.
Mr. SUMNER. But they are not excluded.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If they abandoned our
service and went into rebellion 1 think they
are within the law; and if an amendment of
this kind is necessary to make it more clear I
see no special objection to it. jTwill ask to
have it read again. I thought there was some-
thing more in it.
The Chief Clerk again read the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. "Or any other act of
Congress." I do hot know what that might
apply to. If the Senator will strike out those
words, I have no objection to the amendment.
I will not object to it as a question of order.
Mr. GRIMES. I will inquire of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts what effect this amend-
ment would have upon the pay, emoluments,
and rank of these persons? They are not
now officers. By tho - interpretation that is
proposed to be given, they will bo made offi-
cers of the United States.
Mr. SUMNER. Only made so for the
purposes of this bill, for this act alone. I
will strike out the other words to which the
Senator from Illinois referred.
Mr. GRIMES. In tho first place, not a sin-
gle military or naval cadet will, I apprehend,
come under the operation of it if it receives
the construction which the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts gives it. I imagine, however, on an
examination of it, nobody can tell what the
construction will be. The sentence is so
involved that nobody can construe it. I call
for its reading again.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
reported as modified.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows:
And for tile purpose of carrying out this act all per-
sons shall bo considered as in tho military or naval
service as officers of the United States from the date
of their being borne upon their respective Array and
Navy registers as cadets, midshipmen, or acting mid-
shipmen.
Mr. SUMNER. It is very plain. There can
be no objection to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the
question, and declared the noes appeared to
have it.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the yeas and nays.
■ The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am sure I cannot
tell what will be the legal effect of this lan-
guage. It is not safe to adopt it in this bill.
It is not important, and the suggestion of the
Senator from Iowa I think ought to admonish
us not to adopt it.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll
on the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN (after having first voted
in the affirmative) .said: I usually follow the
committee, and I only voted "yea because
I understood the chairman of the committee
to have no objection to the amendment; but
as I see he votes against it I shall change my
vote and vote "nay."
The result was then announced—-yeas lo,
nays 21; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Cattell, Drake, Fowler, Froling-
huyson, Harlan, Howard, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sumner,
Thayor. Tipton, Wade, and Yates lo.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalow,
flnnlrliyie' f!rairin Davis, Dixon, iidmunds. iesson-
don, Grimes, Henderson. Hendricks, Morrill of Maine
Norton, Pattuisou of New Hampshire, Pattern ot
Tennessee, Ross, Trumbull, Van 'Winkle, Willey,
and Wilson—21. - „ „
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Cole, Con-
ness, Corbett, Doolittle, Ferry, Guthrie, Howe, John-
son, Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Ns;e,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, and Wil-
liams—19. ,
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer another amendment
to come in as an additional section:
And he-k further enacted, That any person who shall
prevent, or attempt to prevent, the execution of this
act, or either of the acts to which this act is supple-
mentary, shall be guilty of a misdemoanor, and, on
conviction thereof, shaM beflnedin asumnotexceed-
ing $5,000, or imprisoned one year, or both, at the
discretion of the court.
I take that from the House bill. It seems
to me it is an improvement on ours. Ours
has none.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is an unusual pro-
vision to insert in a bill of this kind. .1 know
it is in the House bill, but I think it is obnox-
ious to objection as coming within the rule
under which the Senate is acting. But whether
that is so or not, it is, an unusual provision,
and I myself would not insert it. I ao not be-
lieve in that kind of legislation. I shall not,
_ however, raise any question of order in regard "
' to it, for T am not sure but that it is in order.
I submit it to the Senate; if they think proper
to adopt it, very well. I shall take up no time
about it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I ask for the yeas and
nays* on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. I wish the amendment might
be reported again.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. HOWE. I will ask if the Senator does
not mean to limit that to those who attempt to
prevent it by force ?
Mr. SUMNER. Should it be so limited?
Is not the offense the same whether they do it
by force or in any way ? Suppose they do it
by fraud?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose they do it
accidentally; are they liable to punishment
for a misdemeanor?
Mr. SUMNER. They must show an inten-
tion.
Mr. HOWE. Suppose J,hat some one, put-
ting a different construction upon the act from
what wc do, thinks that something is attempted
to be done under it which the aet does not au-
thorize to be done, and commences a suit; or
suppose the Attorney General should give an
opinion, by and by, upon some clause of this act
which is different from our opinion of its true
construction, would that be regarded as an
attempt to prevent the execution of the act?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Kansas
says yes; and would it subject him to a fine of
$5,000 ? I suppose if that consequence would
be entailed upon the Attorney General it would
be entailed upon any other lawyer who should
be consulted by his client, and should happen.
to give a wrong construction of it, and subject
him to a fine of $5,000._ I guess I will vote
against it, if that is the fact.
Mr. EDMUNDS. When the Senator from
Massachusetts first proposed this amendment,
it struck me favorably upon general principles
of law that there ought to be a penalty attached
to every infraction of the law; but when I ani
reminded, and recollect that this bill is a mili-
tary bill, and the bills to which it is supple-
mentary are military bills,_ and that in these
bills it is provided that all infractions of these
laws shall be prevented by force and punished
by a trial by military commission, it appears
to mc that if we were at the end of this bill to
put on this penal, municipal section, providing
for a penalty, which implies a civil court of the
United States to enforce it, an indictment by
the grand jury and a trial in a circuit or dis-
trict court, we undoubtedly oust, by express
enactment of this section, the military tribu-
nals and the military commander of any power
to prevent the violation of these laws. Hence,
in my opinion, it would be entirely mischiev-
ous, as I reflect upon it, to interpose a civil
