586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
content that they shall be executed in a fair
and reasonable manner, and according to the
spirit and intention with which they were en-
acted originally ; but do not by amendments
of this kind give such a complexion to thfs
legislation as will render it odious and will
provoke great dissatisfaction, and render the
system much less satisfactory and the people
concerned much less harmonious in regard
to it.
Mr. WILSON. I shall not detain the Sen-
ate by further discussing this question. It was
very fully discussed the other day. I will simply
say that I trust the Senate will concur in the
amendment. I do not think six hundred
thousand or seven hundred thousand men ought
to be entirely cut off and excluded from any
participation in their government. Nearly all
the offices held in those States under State
authority, are held by men who have been
appointed or elected for their devotion to the
rebellion. That is the truth about it; while the
Union men and the moderate class of men who
have been compromised more or less in the
rebellion are almost entirely excluded. I do
not expect many changes to be made. If a
change should be made for cause, it is certainly
better that a person living there, knowing the
people, knowing all about the laws and insti-
tutions of the State, should be appointed, than
to pick up somebody out of the Army. I will
state further that it is a fact that we are very
short of officers in that portion of the country
as we are in others. I state it, too, on author-
ity.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. SUMNER. I now renew the proposi-
tion which I made before on which there was
a tie vote. It is to insert at the end of section
five the following proviso :
Provided, That no person shall be disqualified as
a member of any board of registration by reason of
race or color.
That is the only amendment I have to offer.
If Senators will vote for that I shall not trouble
them again.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As we are to have the
yeas and nays upon the amendment, I wish to
state my reason for voting against it, but not
to take up any time. I entirely agree with the
Senator from Massachusetts that no such dis-
tinction or disqualification ought to exist. The
existing law absolutely prohibits any^ disquali-
fication, which is the language of his amend-
ment. But a disqualification or the absence
of it is one thing, and the privilege of the mil-
itary commander to select from among the
whole body of those who are not disqualified
is another thing. Now, my only objection to
this amendment is what I have said and the
fact that the law is exactly^o now, and if we
put a limitation of this description upon this
section, it may lead any adverse official, who
wants to construe it otherwise in the other sec-
tion about appointments to civil offices, to say
Congress intended to have this qualification to
the other parts of the bill, because they have
not put 011 a similarproviso. The amendment
does that harm, and for that reason only, I
shall vote against it.
Mr. SUMNER. I will not spend any time
upon it. The point is, there has been an abuse
which has come to our knowledge. Wc know
that in whole States colored persons are ex-
cluded from the boards, and it seems to me
that that justifies our intervention in that case.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 8 ; as follows:
.YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Chandler, Cra-
i?m, Drake, Fowler, Frelinghnysen, Henderson. How-
ard, Howe, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Pome-
rny, Ramsey, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, "VVade, Wilson,
and Yates—21.
■ ^ AYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, Edmunds, Hend-
ric«;. Patterson of1Tennessee, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
andWilley—8.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Cole, Conk-
lmc, Conness, Coibett, Dixon, Doolittle, Ferry, Fes-
senden, Grimes, Guthrie, Harlan, Johnson, filorrill
ox Vermont, Morton, Norton, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Ross, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague,
Stewart, and Williams—24.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on ordering the bill to bo engrossed and
read a third time. . .
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume it is well
understood in the Senate that the House has
passed a bill on this same subject. "We have
now perfected a bill which, has been under
consideration in the Senate, and I believe con-
sidered all the amendments that any one de-
sires to offer ; and with a view of facilitating
business between the two Houses, and that the
action of the Senate may go back to the House
as aif amendment to their bill rather than send
them a new bill, I move to lay aside the bill
under consideration, the Senate bill, with a view
to take up the House bill No. 123. If the Sen-
ate sustain that motion, I shall then move as a
substitute for the House bill, by way of amend-
ment, the matured bill of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Illinois moves to lay aside the bill
before the Senate, and proceed to the consid-
eration of the bill mentioned by him.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 123) supplement-
ary to an act entitled "An act to provide for
the more efficient government of the rebel
States," passed on the 2d day of March, 186"7,
and the act supplementary thereto, passed on
the 23d day of March, 1867.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Unless some Senator
desires it, I will not ask to have it read through.
It has been on our tables, and been read twice
before.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the bill will be dispensed with, unless
called for by some Senator.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move to amend
this House bill No. 123 by striking out all
after the enacting clause, and inserting what I
send to the Chair, which is the perfected bill
upon which the Senate has been acting during
the day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Illinois moves an amendment by way
of substitute, which will be read if it is called
for.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Clerk has prepared
the copy.
Mr. GRIMES. "Wc all know what it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the amendment will be dispensed with
unless called for by some Senator.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is the bill upon which
we have been acting that I have sent to the
Secretary's desk. The Secretary has put upon
our bill the amendments which have been
made; and that is the bill which I now offer
as a substitute for the House bill.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment by way
of substitute.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The amendment was ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
It was read a third time.
Mr. BUCKALEW addressed the Senate in
opposition to the bill, f His remarks will be
published in the Appendix.]
. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 32, nays G ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Conklins. Cragin, Dralte, Edmunds, Fessenden,
Fowler, Freling-huysen, Grimes, Harlan, Henderson,
Howard, Howe, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Pat-
terson of New Hampshire, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Boss,
Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull. Van Winkle,
A Avlf'i1?5'' Wilson, and Yates—Ii2.
NAYS—-Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Davis, Ilen-
ACiiMTV\rm 'anf^ Patterson of Tennessee—I),
-r, , liNJ,—Messrs. Cole, Conness, Corbett, JJixon,
Doolittle, Ferry, Guthrie, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton, Norton, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart,
and Williams—15.
So the bill was passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, "its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had passed a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 69) authorizing the
Secretary of the Navy to admit to examina-
tion Maurice Rice Evans for admission to the
Naval Academy in September next, and a
concurrent resolution for an adjournment of
the two Houses from the — day of July to
"Wednesday, the 13th day of November next,
in both of which the concurrence of the Sen-
ate was requested.
A subsequent message from the House of
Representatives announced that the House had
passed a bill (H. R. No. 108) for the relief of
certain volunteer soldiers and sailors therein
designated, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
MAURICE RICE EVANS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will lay before the Senate a bill from the House
of Representatives.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 69) author-
izing the Secretary of the Navy to admit to
examination Maurice Rice Evans for admis-
sion to the Naval Academy in September next
was read twice by its title.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose that ought to
lie on the table. To consider it is a violation
of our rule.
_ Mr. CONKLING. I wish the Senator would
yield to me a moment, that I may make a state-
ment about that resolution. I do not know that
the Senate will consent to make an exception
of this measure, and yet I trust the Senate will
indulge me in saying a word about it. It is the
case of a young man who was nominated for
appointment to the Naval School; and when
he was nominated he was of the proper age to
be sent there, and he is now of the proper age
to go there; but unless a special examination
is consented to by the Secretary of the Navy
there will be no opportunity for him to be
examined until some day in September, by
which day his age will be greater than that
falling within the statute. The Representative
of his district made application to the Secre-
tary of the Navy to dispense with the rule in
some way or other, and was answered that
except by a relaxation of the rule by Congress
it cannot be done.
Upon this statement being made to theHouse
of Representatives that House passed this joint
resolution, and it comes here to us. The per-
son to whom it relates I am told is a young
man of great merit; there is every reason why
he should go to the Naval School, and no reason
why he should not; but his nomination reached
here so late that he was .not included in the
general examination, and there is no other.
examination until September, by which time
he will, for a technical reason, have lost for-
ever eligibility to the Naval School. It seems
a hard case; the House thought so, and passed
this resolution. It is here; and it occurred to
me upon the suggestion of the Representative
to whoso district he belongs that it might be
the pfeasure of the Senate to dispense with the
rule that we have adopted and allow this reso-
lution, being a matter so formal and so obvi-
ously unobjectionable, to pass. I do not wish
to press it unduly upon the attention of the
Senate; but if 1 can have the consent of the
Senate to take it up I will ask that consent, or
do it in the form of a motion to rescind our
resolution for that purpose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution can be considered by the unanimous
consent of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore Will the
Senator allow me to lay before the body a
communication from the Secretary of "the In-
terior ?
