590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
ber in either branch; certainly not appealed
from in either branch, but spoken of latterly,
when it was supposed there might not be a
quorum present on the 8d day of July.
The Chair overrules it for a second reason,
which is, that a majority of each House, when
there was a quorum present, have determined
that when Congress assembled on the 3d of
July, if there was not a quorum present the
absent members should not be coerced, but
that the Presiding Officers of both branches,
who were simply the organs and servants of
the twojffouses to execute their orders, should
then adjourn Congress without day, with full
notice to every Senator and Representative of
what would be the specific order of business
on the 3d day of July, and what would be the
result if a majority of either House failed to
appear on that day.,
The Chair overrules it on the third ground,
that at the conclusion of long sessions the two
Houses have sometimes provided for an ad-
journment at a specified day and hour, but
that after a certain date only formal business,
such as the signing of bills, shall be trans-
acted, and at the final adjournment of such first
session less than a quorum has been present.
If the point of order made by the gentle-
man from Ohio be correct, then if there were
no quorum present at such a time, the absence
of a quorum would render null the concurrent
resolution of quorums of both the House and
the Senate.
Upon these grounds the Chair overrules the
point of order made by the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Chair will allow me
to correct a misapprehension. The Chair will
observe that my objection is purely constitu-
tional. While I admit the power of th# ma-
jority of Congress in either House to fix in
advance the order of business, my objection is
that they do not undertake to fix the order of
business, but to say that no business shall be
done. They undertake in advance to prevent
Congress from acting at all.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot argue
the question, but must overrule the point of
order, and the amendment is therefore pend-
ing as a substitute for the original resolution.
Mr. SCHENCK. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The question then is,
Shall the decision of the Speaker stand as the
judgment of the House?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. As this is a very
important question, I will demandtheyeas and
nays upon the appeal.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 12-3, nays 14, not vot-
ing 31; as follows: .
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Anderson, Archer,
Laker, Baldwin, Banks, Barnes, Beaman, Bingham,
Blair, Boyer, Bruomall, Buckland, Burr, Churchill,
Header \\. Clarke, Cobb ,Cook, Cornell, Covode, Cul-
lom, Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eggleston,
.Harnsworth, lerriss, Ferry, Jidda, Fox,- Uarfield,
Ootz, Glossbrenner, Gravely, Griswold, Haiglit, Hal-
sey, Hamilton, IJaves, Hill. Holman, Hooper, Hop-
kins, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Richard D.
HubbardjIIulburd.Huiiter.Ingersoli.Jcnckes.Julian,
Kelley, Jverr, Keteham, Kitchen, Koontz, George V.
Lawrence, Loan, Logan, L oughrijge, Marshall, Mar-
vin, MeClurg, MeCullough, Miller, Moore, Moorhead,
Morgan, Mungen, Myers, Nevvcomb, Nit)Jack, Nich-
olson, O'Neill, Paine, Perham, Peters, Phelps, Piko,
Pile, Plants, Poland, Polsley, Price, Randall, Raum,
Robertson, Robinson, Ross, Sawyer, Scofield, Selye,
Siiellabargor, Sitgreavcs, Smith, Spalding, Stark-
weather, Aaron I. Stevens, Stewart, Sione, Tabor,
iaffe, taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge, Twiehell, CJp-
son, Van Auken, Biut Van Horn, Robert T. Van
orii, Van Trump, Ward, Oadwalader C. Washburn,
Henry D.Washburn, William B.Washburn. Welker
William Williams, James F. Wilson, John T Wil-
son, Stephen F. Wilson, Windorn, Wood, and Wood-
bud&e—125.
NAYS —Messrs. James M.Ashley, Benton, Bout-
well, Butler, Sidney Clarke, Coburn, Judd, Kelsey,
William Lawrence, Lynch, Schonck, Shanks, Van
Aernam, and Thomas Williams—14.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
Barnum, Benjamin,Blaine, Bromwell, Brooks, Cake,
Chanler, Dodge, Lckley, Ela, Eldrldge, Eliot, Finney,
Harding, Asahel W. Hubbard, Humphrey, Laliin,
Lincoln, Mallory, McCarthy, Mercur, Morrcll, Mor-
rissey, a pell, Orth, Pomeroy, Piuyn, Thaddeus Ste-
ven:,, and Van Wyck—31.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained
as the judgment of the House.
Mr. PIKE. I now insist on the demand for
the previous question.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 62, noes 36.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not or'dered.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. J3URR. I desire to ask, for information,
whether the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] is pending ?
The SPEAKER. It is. The Chair ruled
the amendment to be in order; and the vote
of the House upon the appeal settled the ques-
tion that the amendment was pending.
The main question was ordered.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Pike,] to strike out " the 16th day
of October" and insert "the 13th day of No-
vember." Whether this amendment-be agreed
to or not the next question will be upon the
substitute offered by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Spalding.]
Mr. GRIS'WOLD. I move to lay on the
table the amendment, for the purpose of mov-
ing subsequently that when we adjourn it' be
sine die.
The SPEAKER. The effect of laying the
amendment on the table would be to lay the
whole subjcct on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the whole subject should
bo laid on the table, would there not be an
adjournment sine die ?
The SPEAKER. The two Houses could
adopt a resolution fixing a day upon which
they would adjourn sine die, or could provide
for reassembling on some definite day.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I understand the Chair
to decide that, if the whole subject should be
laid on the table, a motion providing that when
Congress adjourns it will adjourn sine die
would be in order.
The SPEAKER. Any proposition provid-
ing for an adjournment, either sine die or to a
specific time, would be in order as a privileged
question.
Mr. QRISWOLD. I move, then, that the
"whole subject be laid on the table.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I would suggest to the
gentleman, if it be in order, that the. effect of
the adoption of the amendment of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] would be pre-
cisely what he desires—that the House would
adjourn sine die.
The motion of Mr. Griswold that the whole
subject be laid on the table was not agreed to ;
there being—ayes 47, noes 74.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Pike to strike out "the 16th day of
October'' and insert in lieu thereof "the 13th
day ofNovember,'' there were—ayes 75, no es 52.
Mr. BROMWELL called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 91, nays 50, not voting
26 ; as follows :
YEAS—-Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer, Banks,
Barnes, Barnum, Beaman, Bingham, Blair, Boyer
Brooks, Luckland, Burr, Chanler, Churchill, Reader
U . Clarke, Cornell, Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly Eld-
ridge, lerriss, Ferry Fields, Fox, Garfield, Getz,
Ulossbrenncr, Griswold, Halsey, Hamilton, Harding
Hill, Holman, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Richard D. Hub-
bard, IJulburd, Hunter, Ingorsoll, Jcnekcs, Kelsey
Kerr, Keteham, Kitchen, Koontz. George V Lawi
rence, Loughridge, Lynch, Marshall, Marvin, Me-
Cullough, Miller, Mooi head, Morgan, Mungen, Myers
Niblaek. Nicholson, Perham, Phelps, Pike. Poland '
Polsley.Price, Randall, Raum, Robertson,Robinson,
Selye, Shanks, Sitgrcaves, Smith, Spalding, Stark-
weather, Aaron F. Stevens, Stewart, Stone, Taber,
lane, Upson, Van Aernam, Van Auken, Burt Van
Horn, V an Trump, Cadwalador C. Washburn, Henry
D. Washburn, William B. Washburn, William Wil-
li51?'?; James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen
r. Wilson, Wood, and Woodbridge—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, James M. Ashley, Baker,
Baldwin, Benton, Boutwell, Bromwell, BroomalJ,
Butler, Sianey Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Covode,
Cullom, Driggs, Eggleston, 351a, Gravely, Hayes,
Chester D. Hubbard, Judd, Julian, Kelley,
AUl'1.®?1 Lawrence, Loan, Logan, MeClurg, Mercur,
Orth, Paine, Peters, Pile,Plants, Ross, Saw- t
yer, Schenek, Seofield, Shellabarger, Thaddeus Ste- i
yens, -taylor, Trowbridge, Twiehell, Robert T. Van '
Horn, Ward, Welker, Thomas Williams, and Win- !
clorri—50. *
!N"OT TOTING—Messrs. Ames. Deles R. Ashley, I
Benjamin, Blaine, Cake, Dodge, Eekley, Eliot.Farns-
worth, Finney, Haighfc, Asahel W. Hubbard, Hum-
phrey, Lafiin, Lincoln, Mallory, McCarthy, Moore,
Morrell,Morrissey, Newcomb.Noell, Pomeroy,Pruvn.
Thomas, and Van Wyck—26.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the substitute
of Mr. Spalding.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, before the
vote is taken I should like to inquire what will
be the effect of this resolution in case it should
pass. It requires, I believe, eighty-six mem-
bers to constitute a quorum of this body. In
case of the passage of this resolution and the
assembling of the House after a recess in pur-
suance of its terms, if eighty-five should be
present and all of them should desire to avail
themselves of the constitutional rule to remain
and compel the attendance of absent members,
would you feel bound to disperse them and
send them to their homes, notwithstanding the
unanimous wish of the eighty-five to stay?
The SPEAKER. The Chair could only say
that he would feel bound to execute the order
of the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. The order of the House
being to send them to their homes! They would
then have to go, although the entire eighty-five
might desire to stay and compel the attendance
of the absentees under the positive provisions
of the Constitution. .
Mr. SPALDINGr. I insist on the rule being
enforced. No debate is in order, as we are
acting under the previous question.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 40, nays 107, not voting
23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Baker, Beaman, Bing-
ham, Brooma.ll, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Cook,
Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Driggs, Ela, Perry, Gloss-
brenner, Hamilton, Hayes, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester
D. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Koontz, Mercur, Paine,
-Peters, Plants. Ross, Sawyer. Spalding, Thaddeus
Stevens, Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge, Twiehell,
Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, James F. Wilson, John
T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and Windom—40.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Archer, James M. Ashley,
Baldwin, Banks, Barnes, Barnum, Benj amin, Benton,
Blair, Boutwell, Boyer, Bromwell, Brooks, Buckland,
Burr, Butler, Chanler, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Co-
burn, Cornell, Dixon, Donnelly, Eggleston, Eldridge,
Ferriss, Fields, Finney, Fox, Garfield, Getz, Gravely,
Griswold, Haight, Halsey, Harding, Hill, Holman,
Hotchkiss, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulhurd, Hunter,
Jenekes, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Keteham,
Kitchen, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Loan, Loughridge, Lynch, Marshall, Marvin, Me-
Clurg, MeCullough, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Mor-
gan, Mungen, Myers, Newcomb, Niblack, Nicholson,
O'Neill, Orth, Perham, Phelps, Pike, Pile, Poland,
Polsley, Price, Randall, Raum, Robertson,Robinson,
Schenek, Scofield, Selye, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sit-
greaves, Smith, Starkweather, Aaron K Stevens,
Stewart, Stone, Taber, Taffc, Upson, Van Aernam,
van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Van Trump, Cadwala-
der C. Washburn, Henry D. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams, William Wil-
liams, Wood, and Woodbridge—107.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames. Delos R.
Ashley, Blaine, Cake, Dodge, Eekley, Eliot, Farns-
worth, Asahel W. Hubbard, Humphrey, Kerr, Laflin,
Lincoln, Logan, Mallory, McCarthy, Morrell, Mor-
rissey, Noell, Pomeroy, Pruyn, and Van Wyck—23.
So Mr. Spaldixg's substitute w^s rejected.
Tlje question then recurred on Mr. Bout-
well's resolution as amended. -
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is it in order to move
an amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is not, as the previous
question is still pending.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I want to move an
amendment to make it the first Monday of
December.
The House divided on Mr. Boutwell's res-
olution as amended ; and there were ayes 08,
noes 42.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas aud
nays, and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered, and the" yeas and
nays were not ordered.
The resolution, as amended, was then
adopted.
Mr. PIKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid '
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMMITTEE ON" TREATMENT OF 1'JtISOXJSRS.
The SPEAKER announced the following as
the select Committee on the Treatment of
