TBI- 0ONOBMSSIOWAL GLOBE.
Ju Iv 11,
t/ "
The SPEAKER'. If there be no objection,
this amendment will be considered as adopted*.
There was fto objection.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I will state, also,
that I have no objection to the amendment of
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Raijm] pro-
vided it be modified by inserting after the word
"act" the words "for such alleged desertion
or such refusal to serve, and-whose pay was
forfeited therefor." With this modification
the additional section which the gentleman
proposes will read as follows:
And be it further enacted. That all dishonorable
discharges given to any soldier or sailor included
within the provisions of this- act for such alleged
desertion or such refusal to serve, and whose pay was
forfeited therefor, are hereby vacated and set aside,
and-such soldiers and sailors shall be entitled to dis-
charges and pay as other soldiers and sailors-under
this act.
The SPEAKER. This amendment, as mod-
ified, will be regarded as adopted, if there be
no objection.
There was.no objection.
Mr, ASHLEY, of Ohio. Iam willing-, also,,
that the amendment proposed by my colleague
[Mr. Garfield] shall be adopted-. It is to add
the following as a new section:
And he itfurther enacted, That when any soldier- or
sailor of the iate war, whoso name is borne on the
rolls of the Army or Navy as a deserter, shall-present
to the Secretary of War or Secretary of tho Navy
satisfactory proof that such desertion was only tech-
nical, and without intention to abandon the service,
the Secretaj-y is- hereby authorized and directed to
give such soldier or sailor a certificate that his record
of desertion has been canceled.
The SPEAKER. This amendment, also, will
be regarded as adopted, unless there be objec-
tion.
There was no objection.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. The- gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Harding,] I believe, con-
sents to withdraw his amendment, the sub-
stance of it having been inserted in the bill.
Mr. HARDING. Yes, sir ; I withdraw it.
'Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I now call for the
previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust that the gentleman
will permit the reading of an amendment which
I have prepared and would like to offer.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Certainly; I will
permit it to be read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to say that my
amendment may notbe regarded as strictly ger-
mane to the bill; but it is a proposition which
I think will appeal to the sense of justice of
every gentleman here. It is to add the follow-
ing as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That the widow, minor
children, or parents, in tho ordor named, of any sol-
dier who shall have died after being honorably
discharged from the military service of the United
States, shall be entitled to receive the additional
bounty to which such soldier would be entitled, if
living, under the provisions of the twelfth and thir-
teenth sections of an aot entitled " An act making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June SO, 1887, and for
other purposes," approved July 28,1866, andthesaid
seotions of said act shall be so construed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust that the gentleman
from Ohio will not object to let this amendment
come before the House. It is to cure a mani-
.fest defect in the act of the 23d of July, 1866.
It wasnotthe intention of Congress to deprive
the widows and minor children of this bounty
when tho soldier had died after honorable dis-
charge frorn service ; but the construction
placed upon it is this: that the soldier, if liv-
ing, would receive the bounty, but that if he
died after his discharge from service his widow
and minor children would bo entitled to it. I
would not ask to submit the amendment if it
were not on a subject about which there can
be no difference Of opinion. I hope, therefore,
that the gentleman will let it eome before the
House.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. While I believe
that the object sought to be accomplished by
the gentleman from Indiana is one that com-
mends itself to the House, still I think that it
should be provided in a bill by itself. I do
not think that it should be attached to this
proposition.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is not entirely without
pertinency to' this bill. It harmonizes with
some' provisions of the bill. It is to cure a
manifest defect in the act of July, 1866.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I cannot accept
the amendment, although I' will vote for it in
a separate bill with great cheerfulness.
Mr. HOLMAN. I should like to say one
word further. It is manifest unless this amend-
ment comes before us now this evil will not be
removed during this session. I therefore ask
again that the amendment may be permitted
to come before the House.
The SPEAKER. The title of the bill would
have to be changed.
Mr. HOLMAN. This is a defect that ought
to be remedied, because as the construction
now is an injury is done to a very meritorious
class of people.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will say that I intro-
duced a bill on this subject after careful con-
sideration, but as my colleague's bill has the
precedence I- have gone over it with him, and
find by various modifications made to it that
it now embodies all I thought proper to bring
before this House on this* subject, and- I hope
it will pass.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I- demand the
previous- question.
The previous question was seconded-, and-the
main question ordered, and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
decline op the- ship-building interest.
Mr. PHELPS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce he in-
structed to inquire into the causes of the decline of
the ship-building- interest in America, and how far
such depreciation is attributable to congressional
enactment,and how far it may bo remedied by legis-
lation, and to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
equality or the races.
Mr. SCOFIELD. - I ask leave to make a
few words of explanation, and to send up a
letter of Professor Agassiz.
There was no objection.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, for some
time an article has been going the rounds of
the newspapers professing to give a theory of
races by Professor Agassiz. It has assumed
so much importance that on Monday last it
was read by a member of this House from the
State of Ohio (Mr. Munoen) as a portion of
his speech. On that very day (the 8th of July)
Professor Agassiz wrote a letter, 'which I will
send to the Clerk's desk to be read, together
with the extract. I find on comparing the
extract with that in the gentleman's able
speech that they are exactly alike.
The Clerk read as follows:
Nahaxt, July 8,1867.
Dear Sik: I have already seen the newspaper slip
you inclose to me, and would like to know how a
public teaoher can protect himself from such villain-
ous calumnies. I would be ashamed to entertain the
vile sentiments expressed in those lines, and to use
the vulgar language in which they are couched. I
trust my printed views will protect me from such
defamation. At all events, I do not feel called
upon to waste my time in answering newspaper par-
agraphs. The only ground X may have given to
question the soundness of my views concerning-the
different races of men is the opinion I have always
maintained, and which I still hold now, that the
different types of the human family have an inde-
pendent origin one from the other, and are not
descended from common ancestors; but this idea I
do not apply to the negroes only, but to the Indians,
the Chinese, the Indoos, the Australians, &o., as
well. In fact, I believe that men were created in
nations, not in individuals; but not in nations in the
present sense of the word; on the contrary, m such
crowds as exhibited slight, if any, diversity among1
themselves, except those of sex.
The statements in tho paragraph sent, concerning
the bones of negroes and their blood, &c., are abso-
lutely false, and no anatomist nor chemist ever
uttered such absurdities. But I have no time to
publish in parcels of a few lines a text-book of anat-
omy and physiology for the use of penny-a-liners.
Moreover, I never touched upon those special topics
in any of my public lectures.
Ever truly yours, H. ACSASSIZ.
Hon. H. Wilson, U. S. Senator.
"I have pointed out over a hundred specific differ-
ences between the bonal and nervous systom of the
white man and negro. Indeed, their frames are alike
in no particular. There is not a bone in the negro's
body that is relatively the same shape, size, articu-
lation,or chemically of the same composition as that
of the white man. Tho negro's bones contain a far
greater percentage of calcareous salts than those of
the white man. Even the negro's blood is chemically
a very different fluid from that which courses in the
veins of the white man, Tho whole physical organ-
ization of the negro differs quite as much from the
white man's as it does from that of the chimpanzee—
that is, in his-bones, muscles, nerves, and fibres. The
chimpanzee has not much further to progress to be-
come a negro than a negro Jias to become a white
man. This fact science inexorably demonstrates."
* * * * <• oiima.to has no more to dowith
the difference between the white man and negro than
it has with that between the negro and thechimpan-
zee, or than it has between the horse and the ass, or
the eagle and the owl. Each is a distinct and separate
creation. The negro and the white man were creatcd
as specifically different as the owl and the eagle.
They were designed to fill different places in the sys-
tem of nature. The negro is no more a negro by acei-
dent-or misfortune than the owl is the kind of bird
he is by accident or misfortune. The negro is no more
the white man's brother than the owl is the sister of
the eagle, or than the ass is the brother of the horse.
How stupendous, and yet how simple, is the doctrine
that the Almighty Maker of the universe has created
different species of men, just as he has different spe-
cies of the lower animals, to fill different places and
ofBcesin the grand system of nature I"
Mr. SCOFIELD. At the time of writing
that letter the professor was not aware that
these same sentiments were being read in the
House of Representatives, and I put his letter
upon the record because that extract was also
upon the record, so that all may see what the
professor himself says about it, and also that
my friend from Ohio and all who have been
influenced by the false sentiments attributed
to him may see that they are not upheld by
any theory of races originating with or indorsed
by that eminent scholar, in their persistent per-
secution and oppression of four million south-
erners, to whom that section is mainly indebted
for all its material prosperity.
impeachment op tiie president.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. -I offer
the following resolution.-
Sesohed, That the Committee on the Judiciary, to
whom was referred tho resolution and documents
relative to the impeachment of the President, be
directed to report the evidence at this session, with
leave to make further report if they shall deem
proper.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that
when the committees are called for reports that
can be done. The first thing in order would
be the calling of the committees for reports.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I do not
know as to that.
The SPEAKER. They cannot be compelled
to report until they are regularly called.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is not the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary authorized to report at
any time?
The SPEAKER. It is; but it is the privi-
lege of the committee not to do it.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I simply
want to pass a resolution conformable to the
rule.
The SPEAKER. The call of the commit-
tees will be made whenever any member de-
mands the regular order.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I do not
want to interfere with the call. I now demand
the previous question.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Will the gentleman
yield ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I did
not intend to indulge in any discussion which
might lead to angry feelings between ourselves.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If the gentleman
will hear my statement he may then either
insist upon the previous question or not.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. If the
