1867.
Tm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59B
gentleman wants to make any remarks that
will not interfere with, my' object, which is to
get along quietly 
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not intend
anything else.
_Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Then I
will allow the gentleman to make his.statement.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I merely wish to
suggest to the gentleman from Pennsylvania
that instead of the resolution in its present
form he 'modify it so as to give authority to
.the cpmmittee to cause to be printed the usual
number of copies of the evidence that has been
taken in order that it may be laid on the table
of members on the first day of the next session.
I only wish to state the reason for it; the gen-
tleman can accept the modification or not. It
is this: that if the evidence is printed now it
goes to_ the country for discussion before the
House is ready to take it up for consideration.
That is all I have to say.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, I will simply say that the report of
the evidence may be printed under the super-
vision of the committee.
Several Members. Oh, no.
_ Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Well,
sir, I will let it stand as it is, and demand the
previous question.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, if
the previous question is not seconded it will
then be in order, I believe, for me to move that
authority be given to the committee to do that
which I desire.
The SPEAKER. Any motion will then be
in order.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 50, noes 56.
Mr. FARNSWORTH demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Farnsworth, and Wilson of
Iowa.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 55, noes 68.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I now move, as a
substitute for the resolution, the following:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be,
and they are hereby, authorized and directed to have
the usual number of copies of the evidence by said
committee relative to the impeachment of the Presi-
dent printed and laid oil the desks of members of the
House on the first day of the next session of Congress,
whether adjourned or regular.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the committee whether he contemplates
the testimony being all kept secret, not to be
seen until the day of our assembling again,
and then to be laid on our tables. -
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Of course the
object of the resolution ia to keep the testi-
mony where it is until it is reported to the
House.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman "yield?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I decline.
Mr. ROSS. Will the gentleman permit an
amendment by substituting Monday next?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I have insisted on
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to know what is
the usual number of copies ?
Mr. PIKE. Fifteen hundred and fifty.
The previous question was seconded—ayes
$7 noes 44.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I must
ask the yeas and nays upon ordering the main
question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 48, not voting
37; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison. Anderson, Archer, James
M Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Barnes, Beaman, Bing-
ham Blair, Boyer, Brooks, Buckland, Chanler,
Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Cornell, Dawes, Dixon,
Driggs, Eldridge, Ferriss, Perry. Fields, Fox, Gar-
field. Glossbrenner, Haight, Hamilton, Holman,
Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Richard
D. llubbard, Hunter, Xngersoll, Jenekes, Keteham,
Kitchen, Koontz, Georee V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Loughridge, Marshall, Moorhead, Mun-
gen, Myers, Newcomb, Niblack, Nicholson, Perham,
Peters, Phelps, Pike, Plants, Poland, Price, Randall*
Sauna, Robertson, Robinson, Sawyer, Scofield, Selye,
40th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 38.
Shanks, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather,
Stewart. Stone, Taber, iaffe, Taylor, Twichell, Van
Auken, Burt Van* Horn, Henry D. Washburn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker; James F. Wilson, Ste-
phen F. Wilson, Windom, Wood,and Woodbridge-85.
NAYS—Messrs. Barnum, Benjamin, Bromwell,
Broomall, Burr, Butler, Sidney Clarke, Cobb; Co-
burn, Cook, Covode, Cullom, Donnelly, Bggleston,
Ela, Finney, Getz, Gravely, Harding, Judct, Julian,
Kelley, Kdlsey, Kerr, Loan, Logan, Lynch, MeClurg,
Mercur, Miller, Moore, Morgan; O'Neill, Orth, Paine,
Polsley, Ross, Schenek, Shellabarger, Thaddeus Ste-
vens, Trowbridge. Upson, Van Aernam, Robert T.
Van Horn, Van Trump, Ward, Thomas Williams,
and William Williains—48.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Delos R.
Ashley, Banks, Benton, Blaine, Boutwell, Cake,
Dodge, Bckley, Eliot, Farns'worth, Griswold, Hal-
sey, Hayes, Hill, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Hul-
burd, Humphrey, LaSin, Lincoln, Mallory, Marvin,
McCarthy, McCullough, Morrell, Morrissey, Noell,
Pile, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Aaron F. Stevens, Thomas,
Van Wyck, Cadwalader C. Washburn, and John T.
Wilson—37.
So the main question was ordered.
The Speaker stated the first question to
be upon the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. After the
vote which has been taken upon this resolu-
tion, indicating the views of the majority of
the House in regard to it, I am willing to
abandon it. I therefore move that the reso-
lution as amended be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was laid on the table ; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
committee on" internal revenue.
Mr. ROBINSON asked unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution :
llesolvecl. That an additional standing committee
of nine members, to bo known as the Committee on
Internal Revenue, be appointed as the other stand-
ing committoes of this Houso are appointed, to which
shall be referred all such matters as yeitain to the
internal revenue department of the Ijnited States.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that that resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on Rules.
Mr. ROBINSON. I have no objection at
all to that reference.
Mr. Garfield's motion was agreed to ; and
the resolution was accordingly referred to the
Committee on Rules.
contested elections.
Mr. DAWES. I offer as a question of priv-
ilege the following resolution, upon which I
ask the previous question ;
Resolved, That in the investigation ordered^ by
this House in the several election eases from Ken-
tucky, referred to the Committee of Elections for
investigation by the House on the 8th instant, and
also in the investigation ordered by the House into
certain charges against William H. Barnum, member
from the fourth congressional district of Connecticut,
the Committee of Elections be, and hereby are, au-
thorized to sit during the rceess at such times and
places, and to pursue such investigation, by such
numbers of the committee as they shall determine.
The previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered, being first upon
agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. BROOKS. I would ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts, the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Elections, what he means by the
expression " such numbers of the committee?"
Mr. DAWES. I mean to authorize the com-
mittee to hold sessions at the same time in
different places, to permit, for instance, a por-
tion of the committee to pursue the investiga-
tion in regard to the Kentucky elections, while
another portion of it investigates this case of
Barnum, in the State of Connecticut, that has
been referred to us.
Mr. BROOKS. I made the inquiry because
I think a very bad habit is growing up in this
investigation, where one member of the com-
mittee sits as the committee, being intrusted
with all the powers of the committee, and ex-
ercising all the powers belonging to the whole
committee.
Mr. DAWES. It is not intended by the
resolution to authorize a portion of the com-
mittee to take any final action, but simply to
take testimony. If a portion of the committee
be allowed to take testimony in Kentucky, and
another portion in Connecticut, the proc'eect
ing will be attended with much less expense
than if the members from Illinois and Ohio
should be compelled to go to Connecticut, and
the members from Massachusetts and Vermont
to go to Kentucky.
Mr. BROOKS. When a committee sits
there should always be a quorum of the com-
mittee in-q,tteudance, because a committee has
very large powers, and there should be, too,
a representation of the minority of the com-
mittee.
Mr. DAWES. This resolution simply makes
a portion of the committee commissioners to
take testimony.
Mr. BROOKS. But a commissioner has
very large powers—to accept or reject evi-
dence, to examine or not to examine witnesses.
This resolution would in effect constitute one
man a committee on the organization of the
House.
Mr. DAWES. It is supposed that each por-
tion of the committee will take all the testi-
mony and examine all the witnesses that any-
body desires to bring before them. The object
is to save the expense and the time which must
otherwise be consumed. It does not seem to
me worth while to require the nine members
of the committee to go from one extreme of
the country to the other. This taking of testi-
mony amounts to nothing more than what a
commissioner might do in taking depositions.
I think that the gentleman from New York will
not find in this proceeding anything that will en-
danger the rights of any gentleman. Certainly
there is no such design.
Mr. BROOKS.. 1 understand the explana-
tions of the gentleman ; but the result of this
method of proceeding is that the Government,
by occupying the time of its committees and
its reporters, and by expenditures for travel,
incurs the expense which hitherto, under the
law, has fallen upon contestants of elections,
in the payment of commissioners, &c.
Mr. DAWES. This does not apply to the
contested cases; nor does it apply to the ques-
tions raised in any contest.
Mr. BROOKS. Is not the Connecticut case
a case of contest?
Mr. DAWES. No, sir; it is a case where
charges of improper conduct during the elec-
tion canvass are made against a member, and
it does not appear to me that either the sitting
member or those who make the charges should
pay the expense of the investigation.
T am quite sure that the members of the
committee would prefer to postpone this invest-
igation until the House shall again be in ses-
sion, so that we might sit here in the Capitol
and hear this testimony. But in that case
every witness must be brought from Kentucky
or from Connecticut. This resolution is offered
simply with the design of avoiding expense,
and for no other purpose. Certainly no final
action can be had upon any testimony taken
except by the full committee. I trust that this
explanation is satisfactory to the gentleman.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
equality of the races.
Mr. MUNGEN. I ask unanimous consent
to say a few words in reply to the letter pre-
sented this morning by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield,] and the re-
marks with which he accompanied it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will pro-
ceed if there be no objegtion.
There was no objection.
Mr. MUNGEN. Mr. Speaker, in the letter
from Professor Agassiz, presented this morn-
ing by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I
find indorsed the doctrine which I .hold with
regard to the plurality of races. Upon this
point I would like to ask the honorable gentle-
man from Pennsylvania whether he believes
in the theory of Professor Agassiz upon this
