1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
595
and the aet supplementary thereto, passed on
the 23d day of March, 1867, with an amend-
ment, in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now ask-leave to intro-
duce ftiy bill, and to have it printed.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Is that a bill in regard
to reconstruction?
The SPEAKER. It is not in regard to
reconstruction, but the gentleman from Indiana
was upon the floor at the time the message
came in.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desired to move to sus-
pend the rules to enable me to introduce a bill
m regard to bounties, but I am willing to waive
it until this reconstruction bill is disposed of.
Mr. SCHENCK. Is the bill from the Sen-
ate to be referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction?
Mr. BOUTWELL. This is substantially the
bill reported by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. HOLMAN. I insist on the reading of
the bill.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
Strike out all after tho enacting clause, and insert
in lieu thereof the following:
That tho true intent and meaning of the Act to
provide for tho more efficient government of the rebel
States," passed March 2, A. D.1867, was, is, and shall
be construed to be that the military authority of tho
United States in said rebel States, as provided m
said act, was and is paramount to any civil govern-
ment existing therein, makes all such civil govern-
ments subordinate to sueli military authority, and
prohibits them trom interfering in any way with the
exercise of such military authority.
Shu. 2. And be it farther enacted, Thatthecominandor
of any district ilamed in said act shall have power,
subject to the approval of the General of the Army
of the United States, whenever in the opinion of such
commander the proper administration of said act
fihalLrcduiro it, to suspend or remove from office, or
from the performance of official duties and the ex-
ercise of official powers, any officer or person hold-
ing or exercising, or professing to hold or exercise,
any civil or military office or duty in such district
under any power, election, appointment, or authority
derived from, or granted by, or claimed under any
so-called State or the government thereof, or any
municipal or other division thereof; and upon such
suspension, or removal such commander, subject to
the approval of the General aforesaid, shall have
power to provide from time to time for the perform-
ance of the said duties of such officer or person so
suspended or removed, by the detail of some compe-
tent officer or soldier of the Army, or by the appoint-
ment of some other person to peiform the same.
fcseo. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Gen-
eral of the Army of the United States shall bo invested
with all the powers of suspension, removal, and de-
tail granted in the preceding section to district com-
inSEC?4. And be it further enacted, That the acts of
the officers of the Army already done in removing m
said districts persons exercising the functions ot civil
officers and. appointing others in their stead are
hereby confirmed. Provided, that any person here-
totore or hereafter appointed by any district com-
mander to exercise tho functions ot any civil office
may be removed either by the military officerin com-
mand of the district, or by the General of the Army.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, I hat the boards of
registration provided for in the act entitled An act
supplementary to an act entitled An act to provide
for the more efficient government of the rebel States,
passed March 2,1867, and to facilitate restoration,
passed March 23,1867, shall have power, and it shall
be their duty before allowing the registration of any
person, to ascertain, upon such facts or information
as they can obtain, whether such person is entitled
to be registered under said act, and the oath required
bv said act shall not be conclusive on such question;
and 110 person shall be registered unless such board
shall decide that he is entitled thereto; and such
board shall, also have power to examine ™der oath
(to be administered by any member of such boaid;
any one touching the qualification of any person
claiming registration. But ill every case of reiusal
by the board to register an applicant, and 111 every
case of striking his name from the list as hcrcmatter
provided, the board shall make a note or memoran-
dum, which shall be returned with the registration
list to the commanding general of the district, set-
tine forth the grounds of such refusal or such strik-
tag from the list: Provided, That no person shall be
difftuaHfied as member of any board of registration
That the true in-
tent and meaning of the oath prescribed in said sup-
plementary act is (among other things) that no per-
aonwho has been a member of tho Legislature of
State or who has held any executive or judicial
Mras is**
mhiS thereof, is entitled to be roistered 01: to vote;
and the word "executive or judicial officci m any
Itate" in said oath mentioned shall be construed to
include all civil offices created by law for the admin-
istration of the general laws of a State.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the time for
completing the original registration provided for in
said act may, in the discretion of the commandor of
any district, be extended to the 1st day of October,
1867; and the boards of registration shall have power,
and it shall be their duty, commencing twenty days
prior to any election under said act, and upon rea-
sonable public notice of the time and place thereof,
to revise, for a period of five days, the registration
lists, and upon being satisfied that any person not
entitled thereto has been registered, to strike the
name of such person from the list, and such person
shall not be allowed to vote. And sueh board shall
also, during the same period, add to such registry
the names of all persons who at that time possess
the qualifications required by said act who have not
been already registered; and no person shall at any
time be entitled to be registered or to vote by reason
of any executive pardon or amnesty for any act or
thing which, without such pardon or amnesty, would
disqualify him from registration or voting. _
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That section four
of said last named act shall be construed to author-
ize the -commanding general named therein, when-
ever he shall deem it needful, to remove any member
,of a board of registration and to appoint anotlior in
his stead, and to fill any vacancy in sueh board. _
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, _Thnt all provisions
of this act and of the acts to which this is supple-
mentary shall be construed liberally, to the ond that
all the intents thereof may be fully and perfectly
carried out.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will state that there
has been no session of the committee in refer-
ence to this question, and I am not prepared
to say whether the majority of that committee
are of the opinion that it is wise for the House
to concur in the amendment of the Senate or
not. I see now that the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] the chairman of the
committee, is present. With his permission I
will state that before the meeting of the House
this evening, it happened that four members
of the Committee on Reconstruction were pres-
ent in the committee room and tliey considered
the amendment proposed by the Senate, and
they were of the opinion, of coursc_ upon a
y hasty examination, that this bill is as
acceptable as the one that went from the
House. Of course these proceedings of the
committee are of no practical or parliamentary
value ; and the motion which I make is made
in the belief that'probably the House is ready
to concur in what seemed to be the judgment
of the members of the committee.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I have
no feeling in this matter. I am somewhat
unwell, and I do not wish to trespass on the
patience of the House, but I have not heard
exactly what has been done.
Mr. BOUTWELL. The Senate have passed
an entirely new bill.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I have
no disposition to complain of this hasty legis-
lation, but I would like to hear what the bill
is which the Senate has passed.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, as a member of the
committee, that I desired to consult, with him
on this subject, but we understood from the
clerk of the committee that he was too unwell
to be present. Now, being here to answer for
himself, after he has heard this hill read he
will discover one thing. I have read it care-
fully myself. The Senate has retained in the
bill as amended substantially every provision
which went from this .House to the Senate, save
and except the penal section, which the gen-
tleman will remember.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I am not
complaining that anything was df>ne in my
absence. It is competent t.0 get along aswell
without as with me. But it seems there is to
be unusual haste. If there is nothing m the
bill that is altered that is another thing, ihis
committee having considered the matter and
reported the bill which was sent to the Senate,
I do think it is only proper that the amend-
ment of the Senate should be referred to it tor
its consideration. I do not wish to be captious,
I do not wish to find any fault; but it is for
the House to determine. ,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to state in
addition to what has been stated by my col-
league on the committee, that I obtained a
copy of this bill from the Senate as it passed
that body, and came over about twenty min-
utes before the meeting of the House. The
Clerk of the House informed, me that he had
sent a messenger to the room of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] and
that the messenger had returned with the mes-
sage that he probably would not be here this
evening. We held only an informal meeting
of such^members of the committee as could be
found. We believed it was a good bill. It is
substantially about the same as the House bill.
I am in no haste and do not think there is
any necessity for any haste. If it be more
acceptable to the House to have the amend-
ment referred to the committee it will bo ac-
ceptable to me. Many members are anxious
that we shonld pass the bill to-night, so as to
facilitate and hurry up the adjournment of
Congress; and in that' impatience I sympa-
thize. But I do not desire to so hurry up our
business as to leave anything undone which
ought to be done. If it is the desire of the
chairman of the committee that it should be
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction,
I hope that course will be taken.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. They
have made some alterations in regard to,, the
General of the Army which I regard as essen-
tial.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. They do not incor-
porate our section in regard to the removal of
the commanding general. They are silent.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Let us
meet at ten o'clock to-morrow, and wo can
come into the. House and recommend what
should be done. I hope that course will bo
adopted.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I hope that course
will be adopted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that it be
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCIIENCK. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
ascertain, if there be no impropriety in know-
ing, what is in this bill before we pass upon it
from some of these three or four gentlemen
who had some twenty or thirty minutes to be-
stow upon it, whether it is by design that the
General of the Army is to have no power to
appoint civilians?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is in this bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. Probably it was intended
to be, but like a good many other things it is
not there.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is there.
Mr. SCITENCK. I beg your pardon. It
gives to the district commanders power to sus-
pend or remove or detail officers or appoint
other persons. Another section gives to the
General-in-Chief power to suspend, remove, or
detail. I suspect it was intended to give him
the same power as is given to the district com-
manders, but we are in such great haste that
perhaps it is improper to suggest that any such
thing has been left out. I ask that the second
section be read.
The Clerk read the second section of the
Senate bill. , . .
Mr. SCHENCK. That is a section giving
power to the district commanders, that they
may detail some officer or soldier, or appoint
some other person. Then the third section
provides that the General of the Army of the
United States shall have the power of removal,
suspension, and detail granted 111 the preceding
section to the district corpmanders, but it does
not grant liim the power to appoint civilians.
So the General of the Army has less power.
Mr. BINGHAM. Does the gentleman con-
sider that of any serious importance?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do.
Mr. BINGHAM. It is no such thing. _
Mr. SCHENCK. I am in the expectatiou
of receiving a flat contradiction of tbat kind.
There are some people in this world who know
everything, and we mustof course always differ
with due submission from them. But I say
that if it be thought that there are any officers
and soldiers unfit to fill these offices when re-
movals take place, and therefore the details
will not answer, but they must resort always to
the appointment of Othsr persons, there is the
