596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
same propriety in giving that appointment to
the.generals as to the subordinates. And more
than that, I have information from a Senator
that it was an omission in not putting the
amendment in the third seetion; that it was
intended to put it in that section as well as the
second. I give this as bat an instance of what
I believe has been overlooked. It struck me
when I heard it read by the Qlerk—and that
is all the information I have—that that amend-
ment, which was very properly made in the
second section in the Senate bill, was in all
probability intended to be inserted in the other
section.
I hope this bill will be referred to the com-
mittee and printed. I hope we shall at least
have the opportunity of seeing what those
amendments are, whether material or imma-
terial. When we remember that a great deal
of the difficulty with regard to the construction
of the law as it now exists has arisen out of
hair-splitting in reference to particular forms
of phraseology contained in amendments put
into the bill during its progress through the
House it may not be improper to take a little
warning by that, and see whether we cannot use
such exactness of language and be so specific
that we may have it in every way more to our
purpose, even if we take a few hours more to
wait, consider, reflect, and act, with a view to
this object.
Now, sir, I am inclined to think the bill as
it comes from the Senate is very much better
than the House bill, and if I am forced to vote
now, without further examination, I would at
once vote with those who are for agreeing to
this substitute of the Senate. I do not like
either of the bills. I do not mean to detain
the House with an argun^ent, but I have not
troubled them in relation to this bill from the
beginning, and 1 desire to say that if I had
had control of this matter—and so far as my
vote would go I would at any time desire to
give it in that direction—I would have swept
away entirely all those protended civil govern-
ments at the .South and built up new ones from
the foundation. I do not think anything else
is a complete remedy for the state of things.
But the removal of obstacles does not ap-
pear to be the order here now. When an
obstruction in the shape of a President lies in
my path toward the accomplishment of that
which ought to be our objcct, namely, the
building up of civil governments in the south-
ern States, I would not,, so far as that ob-
struction is concerned, either attempt to dig
canals around it, burrow under it, or climb
over it, but remove it out of the way. And as
I would remove the obstruction in the shape
of an officer or person, so I would do in refer-
ence to a kindred principle, and remove these
civil governments.
I do not know that the committee will take
any different view of it from what they have
heretofore taken, nor that we can expect any
such amendment as that proposed to the
amendment of the Senate ; but I do think we
might at least wait. And I am more inclined
to think—to return to the point with whioli I
set out—that when you come to examiue the
matter, it will be found that there was an
omission in inserting the amendment 1 have
alluded to by the Senate, and that they intended
to make the amendment in the third section.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I do not think there
is anything in the point the gentleman makes
with reference to the section which gives to the
commanding General of the Army the power
of detail and removal. The preceding seetion
expressly gives to the commanding general
of the district the power to appoint other per-
sons ; and another section gives to the com-
manding General the power to make detail, the
same power that commanders of the district
have.
Mr. SCHENCK. Not at all.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. To make detail and
removal; but it does not take from the com-
manding general of the district the power to
appoint other persons at all. It may be well
to put into that section the same phraseology
as in the other—to appoint other persons; but
I do not think it will have any particular sig-
nificance nor make the bill any stronger or any
less- strong; for it is scarcely to be presumed
that the commanding General of the Army is
going to examine into these matters and ap-
pointjustices of the peace, judges of probate,
sheriffs, constables, &c. I think it would per-
haps be best that the bill should be recommit-
ted and printed.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire, with the consent of
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Fabsts-
worth,] to ask a question of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Bikgham.] It is in regard to
the construction of the fourth section of this
bill. It provides as follows :
That the acts of the officers of the Army already
done in removing in said districts persons exercising
the functions of civil officers and appointing others
in their stead are hereby confirmed.
Now, I wish to inquire whether under this
bill officers may be displaced and others put
in their stead for any acts done prior to the
passage of this bill.
Mr. BINGHAM, I so understand ; and I
beg leave to say to the gentleman that the legal
effect of the first section of this bill is, to all
intents and purposes, precisely the same, ac-
cording to my recollection, as that of the bill
which we sent to the Senate.
Mr. LOGAN. That is not the point to which
I am directing my remarks. My own view
about the matter is that by the confirmation
of the acts of the commanding general these
officers will hold their positions, unless they
do some act hereafter for which they can be
removed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Senate has
amended the fourth section.
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, sir; the Sen-
ate added these words:
Provided, That any person heretofore or hereafter
appointed by any district commander to exercise the
functions of any civil otKco may bo removed either
by the military officer in command of the district or
by tho General of tho Army.
Mr. LOGAN. I understand that; these
persons may be removed in the same manner
as any other officer. But the point which I
wish to suggest is this: that by the confirming
of the appointment, they must be removed here-
after for acts done subsequent to the passage of
this bill. Now, I desire to ask whether, if the
bill should go to the committee, it would not
be well that the committee should add an
amendment providing that these appointments
already made shall be subject to the ap-
proval of the commanding general in the same
manner as appointments to be made hereafter.
Without going into any argument about the
question, I think there have been appointed to
office some persons whose appointments would
not be deemed proper by this House. Hence I
think the amendment I have suggested would be
proper. Certainly, it seems to me, there can
be no objection to it.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, Mr. Speaker, I do
not propose to enter into a discussion on that
point.
Mr. LOGAN. Neither do I desire to dis-
cuss it. I merely made the suggestion.
Mr. BTNGHAM. I understand tho distinc-
tion which the gentleman has drawn, and it
may be a proper distinction; but I will only
say in reply, that tie terms of the act ex vi
termini import that the appointments are valid.
Mr. ELI)RIDGE. I rise to a point of order.
We are not able to hear on this side of the
House the remarks of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham,] and I insist that he shall speak
from his own seat. He belongs over here with
us, and he ought to be here. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. If-the gentleman from
Wisconsin insists on the point, the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] must speak from
his own seat or from the Clerk's desk.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not wish the gentle-
man to go back to wallowing in the mire.
[Laughter. ]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin insists on his point, and therefore the
gentleman from Ohio must speak from his own
seat or from the Clerk's desk.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman from Wis-
consin is in fun.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman is mis-
taken. His experience may lead him to think
that it is all fun. He may have been in fun in
his remarks when he was over here. But we_
are deeply in earnest. [Laughter.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say, Mr.
Speaker, that unless there be urged against this
bill some stronger objection than any that we
have yet heard I do not see why the House
should spend any further time upon it.
Mr. SPALDING. Is there any restriction
on the right of removal of these military com-
manders?
Mr. BINGHAM. Not at all. What I desire
to say is this: that all of these military com-
manders are under the supervision of the Gen-
eral of the Army. I am willing to admit that
my colleague is doubtless right that the Sen-
ate intended to put it in, but with all regard to
him 1 must be permitted to say that 1 believe
it to be a work of supererogation.
Mr. SCHENCK. When this bill was first
reported it had two sections, the second and
the third, in relation to this matter. By the
second they gave power to the district com-
manders to suspend or remove and detail offi-
cers or soldiers to fill any vacancies thus occa-
sioned. They afterward amended the bill in
the second section so as to provide that the
district commanders should not only have the
power to (ill these vacancies by detailing offi-
cers or soldiers, but for very good reason the
Senate went further and provided that the offi-
ces might be filled by the appointment of any
other persons, that is, by civilians. We all
know that there are not officers enough t6 fill
these places. But they have omitted in the
third seetion to make the same provision in
regard to the General of tho Army. As origin-
ally reported, the language of the third sec-
tion followed that of the second. They altered
the second but did not alter the third. It
stands now that the district commanders may
suspend or remove, detail or appoint some
other person, but the General of the Army
can only suspend or remove and detail. The
district commander may remove a Governor
of a State and appoint some civilian to take
his place or detail some officer to do it. The
General may remove the Governor of a State
and detail an officer or soldier to take, his place,
but he cannot appoint any one else. I do not
believe it was the intention of the Senate, and
I am well advised when I say that it was an
oversight to give the General of the Army less
power than the district commanders. I say
that this discrepancy struck me when I heard
it read, and if one flaw, if it be one, can be
discovered on the reading of the mauuscript
of the bill as it comes from the Senate, when
we come to have it in print as it passed the
Senate it seems to me it is not at all impossible
that some other inaccuracy may be found out,
or that some other amendment may be made.
I do not know that I should dwell upon
this but for the fact that it is considered lit-
tle short of treason for any one to speak of
amending, or seeking or claiming the right to
deliberate upon or look at the language of this
bill before it is passed. The gentleman says
there was plenty of time given in the House
on this bill. It does not occur to my recollec-
tion that any great time was given on that bill;
perhaps an hour, with speeches of five or ten
minutes in length. I am not making com-
plaint. I did have five minutes allowed me on
the original bill upon which Mr. Stanbery has
commented. No other time have I taken, and
I feel a malicious satisfaction in taking a little
time now; doing that for the purpose of saying
it would do no harm at least to sleep on this
Senate bill. It would do no harm, sir, to see
it in print. It would do no harm to so have
the language that it would be expressed with
precision, and not taken now hurriedlyupon
the judgment of some three or four members
who have had twenty or thirty minutes to
