1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
509
ever. 2d.. Those who will giro them advice, infor-
mation, or counsel. 3d. Those who voluntarily, and
knowing that they are ' guerrilUros,' Wilt pat within
their reach, or sell them arms, horses, ammunition,
subsistence, or any articles of war whatever."
_Mr. President, the*man who^knowing that
his brother was a soldier in the army of the
republic, gave a meal, gave a ration to that
brother, or protected him over niglit, was liable
to be taken and shot .within twenty-four hours
by the officer making the arrest. The mother
who protected her own son—and I am told that
thousands of homes were desolated under this
decree—the mother, who protected her own
son, who was engaged in patriotically fighting
for his Government and his country, was liable
to be taken out and shot by the officer who
arrested her. Was such a decree over executed
in any civilized nation before ? Was such a
decree ever executed in a civilized age before?
Not that I have ever been informed of.
After the issue of such a decree, the last
hope of leniency to him was thrown away in
the event of his failure, because in issuing and
executing that decree Maximilian signed his
own death-warrant, and he knew it. lie never
hoped that his life would be saved ; he knew
he had signed his death-warrant in signing that
decree. But, sir, forsooth, because perhaps
he is a prince of the house of Hapsburg the
sympathies of the world are to be enlisted for
this unhappy prince. When the son of Henry
Clay—and certainly no American will say that
the son of Henry Clay did not carry as good
blood in his veins as the son or brother of any
prince or potentate on earth—was arrested on
a filibustering expedition, what was done with
him? He was garroted. Lopez was garroted.
Was there any mourning for him ?
Suppose the son of Andrew Johnson should
think it would be a very good thing to establish
a republic in Prance; suppose he should land
upon French territory and proclaim a republic ;
suppose he should succeed in gathering the
republicans of France around him—and that
is a far more probable and possible supposition
than was the supposition that it would be
attstapted to establish an empire in Mexico in
I860—suppose the son of Andrew Johnson
should do that, and should establish himself
in France, ana after awhile should issue a
similar decree, and suppose he should arrest
Marshal Bazaine and should summarily shoot
him, and should shoot more than ten thou-
sand of the soldiers of France, anil lie were
afterward captured, what do you think would
be his fate? The French Government has
shown us how they treat rebels. They put
them in a cave and smother them with smoke.
Suppose lie had thought that republicanism
would be a good thing for Ireland, and had
landed on the shores of Ireland, and had pro-
claimed a republic in Ireland, and had issued
a decree that all men fighting against the
republic of Ireland were outlaws, and when
capturcd by any of his soldiers should be sum-
marily shot within twenty-four hours; and
suppose in the process of time the British
Government had put down the son of Andrew
J ohnson ; what do you think they would have
done with him? The British Government have
shown us what they do with men who are guilty
of rebelling against their Government. They
shoot them from the mouths of cannon, and do
it remorselessly.
Suppose he had landed in Austria, and had
thought republicanism was a good thing for
Hungary, and had issued a decree that every
man fighting against the liberties of Hungary
should be summarily shot; what would the
Emperor of Austria have done? They have
shown us how they treat political offenders:
they whip them to death with the lash.
But the Mexicans were more merciful and
more civilized and more enlightened. I think
that Mexico made a mistake. I think she did
wrong. I think the man who was capable of
issuing and capable of executing that decree
was not entitled to death by the bullet. I
think a just retaliation would have been to
provide that whsrever and whenever in-rested
he should be summarily hanged. I think he
forfeited his right to die a soldier's death. But
the Mexicaus were a chivalrous people, and
they overlooked these outrages and granted
him the very death that he would have received
as an ordinary filibuster.
Mr. President, 1 am not discussing what I
should have done, or what this nation would
have done. I am discussing the right and the
wrong of the thing, and what other nations
have done or would do under such cir-
cumstances. The Mexicans might have been
magnanimous and given him his life. They
did not see fit to do it, and they were justified
in not doing it. Maximilian never thought
they would do it. He never dreamed of his
life being saved. But now, forsooth, because
this man has been shot, as he deserved to be,
three nations go into mourning, and the repre-
sentatives of those three nations are withdrawn
from the Court of Mexico! I hop© they never
will be restored to the Court of Mexico. They
have withdrawn their commercial agents from
there. I hope those commercial agencies will
never be restored.
Mr. President, Mexico during that long
struggle of five years was our ally. Had she
not resisted the French armies during those
five years who knows but we might have had a
diversion on our southern borders from the
French army that was kept so busy by these
patriotic Mexicans? Besides, it was under
negotiation, as 1 am informed and believe, that
the United States of America were to furnish
a part of the territory for this empire. Negotia-
tions were actually opened to<eurrender to them
Texas and the large Territory of New Mcxico.
I say the United States were to furnish a large
portion of this empire, had it been successful
and had the rebellion been successful. This
Mexican empire was part and parcel of the
rebellion, and the Mexicans in their long and
arduous and almost hopeless struggle for inde-
pendence were our allies. How did we treat
them while acting as our allies? Under the
orders of the Secretary of State the French
armies were permitted to purchase any mate-
rial of war without stint or limit and ship it
to Mexico. Thousands of mules and thousands
of wagons and any quantity of war material
was bought in open market and shipped to
Mexico to aid this usurper. But, sir, when
poor Mcxico had bought a few thousand mus-
kets, muskets that were notuseful to us, our old
smooth-bore weapons altered into percussion
locks, and had them ready to ship, she could
not get a clearance. The Mexican minister
told me himself that he applied to the Secre-
tary of State, and was by the Secretary of
State referred to the Secretary of the Treasury.
He applied to the Secretary of the Treasury,
and the Secretary of the Treasury would not
issue the permit, and he never got his arms into
Mexico.
The course of this Government with relation
to Mexico from the first has been a cowardly
course. And now, sir, after we have left this
Mexican nation to fight her battles alone, when
the world is about to combine against her for
aught we know, is this great nation to stand by
and see the world combine against the repub-
lic of Mexico, or shall we issue an earnest pro-
test against interference with Mexico by the
Powers of the earth? Why. sir, it is but a day
or two since that the following notification
appeared in the New York Tribune:
"All the European Governments show the most
intense excitement, and it can hardly be doubted
that, but for the United States, a now and formidable
combination of European Powers against the repub-
lican Government of Mexico would be formed.
But for the United States I have no doubt
that that combination would be formed. But,
sir, there is a United States ; and you cannot
find a man, woman, or child throughout the
length and breadth of this land who was ever
loyal to the Government of the United States
who is not the friend of Mexico in her present
trials and tribulations. Some condemn the
action of Mexico, but I -know of but three
elapses. In the first plase, thera are the
humanitarians, who do not believe in the shed-
ding of blood for any crime. They, under the
leadership of Horace Greeley, are shocked that
the blood of this man should have been shed.-
Then there is another class of men who see
something wonderful in royal blood. They
may properly be denominated flunkeys, who,
under the leadership of Raymond of the Times,
hope to stand well with foreign despotic Gov-
ernments by denouncing the Government of
Mexico. Then there is another class of men
who four years ago were crying, " onward to
Washington," rebels, traitors, men who living
at the North were in sympathy with treason,
and they are how crying, " onward to Mexico.'
They are the men who never, lifted a finger to
save this Government, whose whole sympathies
were against the Government; and now, for-
sooth, because Mexico has executed this man
they shout, "onward to Mexico; onward to
the halls of the Montezumas." It is not the
people of the United States, it is not the men
who put down this rebellion, who are con-
demning the Mexican Government for the exe-
cution of Maximilian. There are a few who
do not understand the facts in the case who
think that perhaps it might have been as well to
have spared his life; but the very moment
they understand the facts in the case they say
that Mexico has nobly vindicated her manhood
in executing the man who dared to promulgate
and carry out the infamous decree to which I
have called attention.
Mr. President, since offering this resolution
the other day, facts have come to my knowl-
edge so strong and so positive that I care very
little whether this resolution passes or not.
But, sir, if this Congress adjourns without
passing a strong resolution, not only of sym-
pathy, but of aid if need be, to Mexico in
case she is again invaded by the despotisms of
the earth, it will forever disgrace itself in the
eyes, not only of the nations, but of the loyal
people of this land. We want the Anstrians,
the French, and the English to understand
that if they commence a war against Mexico
now they have got to fight the United States
of North America. Sir, pass a simple resolu-
tion of sympathy and aid and no nation will
interfere with Mexico. There is no nation to-
day on the face of the earth that wants a war
with the United States. All the nations of
Europe combined would not undertake to fight
the United States to-day on this sido of the
Atlantic.
Mr. President, now is the time to assert the
Monroe doctrine to some purpose. There is
not land enough on the continent of North
America to hold an empire. It is not large
enough, we have not room ; and I want-this
Congress before it adjourns to say so in bold,
manly language. I want to expfess sympathy
for Mexico, and I want to assure Mexico that
we appreciate the eminent services she has
rendered us during the frightful rebellion
through which we have passed, and to assure
her that her good offices will not be forgotten,
but that they will be reciprocated when oppor-
tunity offers.
Sir, Mexico has nobly vindicated her right
to self-government by her powers of resistance
and her powers of endurance. She has hoped
against hope. She hoped for material aid
from the Government of the United States,
and inasmuch as we were both contending in
the same cause she had a right to expect
material aid from the Government of the
United States. That material aid she never re-
ceived. But now, sir, other nations that have
heretofore monopolized the trade and the polit-
ical influence in Mexico propose to cast her off
and cut loose the bands that have bound them
together for half a century. Yery well, sir,
I am glad to see it, and I propose now to say
to Mexico, " We extend to you the right hand
of fellowship ; we are sister republics; you
can rely upon our friendship and upon our
aid." You may rest assured, sir, that never
was there such an opportunity offered to any
one nation as is now offered to this nation in n.
