602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J ulv 12,
v *
cution of this law in the part which concerns him,
and will give the necessary ordors for its strietobserv-
anee.
Given at the Palace of Mexico on the 3d of Oeto
 er, 1865. MAXIMILIAN.
The Minister of Foreign Affairs, charged with the
mmistry of State,
JOSE F. RAMIREZ,
The Minister of War.
JUAN DIAS PEZA.
The Minister of Improvement,
LUIS ROBLES PEz\j"BLA.
The Minister of the Interior,
JOSE MAEIA ESl'EVA.
Tho Minister of Justice,
• ,r. PEDRO ESCUDERO Y ECIIANOVE.
*Wors1i^lniS^er ^nstruction and Religious
MANUEL SILIOEO.
The Sub-Secretary of the Treasury,
FRANCISCO DE P. CESAR.
A true copy. Washington, October 25,1865.
ISNO MARISCAL, Secretary,
And whereas it is alleged that, under that inhu-
man and barbarous decree, issued in violation of the
iaws of war, the rights of the Mexican people, and of
the Civilization of the nineteenth century. Major
General Jose M. Ortega, Brigadier General Nicholas
hftlnsiar, Colonels Djaz Paracho, Villa Gomez, Perez
Milicua, Villands, and more than two thousand
other Mexican patriots, officers and men, were inhu-
manly murdered in cold blood, after having sur-
rendered as prisoners of war, in violation of every
law and usage of civilized warfare:
Resolved,Ihat the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions be directed to inquire as to the truth of the
abovo allegations, and report the facts to this body
at tho earliest practicable moment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not exactly see, sup-
posing the resolution to be in order, any prac-
tical object, so far as legislation is concerned,
which may be accomplished by it. It is not
proposed, I imagine, to follow it up by any
legislative proceeding. It is a mere inquiry to
ascertain what were the facts in relation to the
charges contained in the resolution. After
that information shall be obtained, we shall be
pretty much in the situation we now are as far
as Congress is concerned. It is desirable of
course that events, like the one to which the
resolution refers, should be ascertained, if any
practical consequences are to follow from them.
My objection, however, is not so much to the
resolution as to the terms of the resolution and
the manner in which my friend from Michigan
has thought proper to support his resolution.
Ills information may be tinged, perhaps, with
the medium through which it has come. Mine
may have a different tinge, because of the
medium through which mine comes. As I
understand the fact, there were not even hun-
o cxccutod under the proclamation of the
3d of October, instead of thousands. I think
that resolution says ten thousand. As I un-
derstand it, although Maximilian agreed to the
promulgation of the order he himself directed
that it should not be executed except fr om
absolute necessity, and its purpose was that it
should apply only to unauthorized brigand
forces which were then prowling about Mexico,
stopping stages and passengers, and commit-
ting all sorts of robberies and every species of
atrocity. It was not intended to embrace any
ofheer _ or soldier who was acting under the
authority of the government of Juarez. I
think it bears that interpretation upon its face,
and upon an occasion to which it is not proper
to refer except in general terms I undertook
to satisfy the Senate that that was the meaning
of that proclamation.
But even as far as the proclamation itself
was concerned, whatever may be its meaning,
my opinion is that Maximilian was so entirely
at the moment under the control of the French
commander that he consented to it in spite of
his own protestations of the impolicy of such
a provision. He was made to believe that the
Government of the republic, as it was termed,
had ceased to exist, and that there was no
legally constituted force within the limits of
Mexico, that they were nothing but guerrillas
carrying on a war of such a description as is
usually carried on by a force of that character,
ihe determination was to put an end to a
warfare of that kind by force of this proc-
n' sll0,°t!PS , or Ranging those who
might be caught m the prosecution of such a
fnfkl a" aS-^at \S- con,ceraed—I mean as
rar as the principle which it involves is con-
cerned—it is precisely what we have done dur-
ing our late unhappy war. The enemy threat-
ened us, I think the president of the confed-
eracy said that the war could be carried on for
years and years by means of a guerrilla force.
These forces were organized in smaller or
larger bands in several of the States, and upon
more than one occasion when the parties were
captured they were executed, ana nobody in.
the United States found fault with the justice
of such executions or with the policy of such
executions. I do not know whether the order
in question was intended to apply to any other
description of force; nor do I know that it
was applied to any other description of force ;
nor do I know the extent to which it was
applied to that description of force ; but, as I
stated just now, the information which has
come to me is that very few men who were
captured as guerrillas were executed.
Now, Mr. President, we ought not to forget,
as 1 think-—and I have no feeling upon the sub-
ject other than that which involvss the good
name of our country and is called for by the
usages of civilized life, political life—we ought
not to forget the circumstances under which
Maximilian came to Mexico. We have been
in the habit of calling the Mexican Govern-
ment a republic. We have treated it so offi-
cially. We have recognized it as a republic.
But from the time of the original recognition
up to the present,^ revolution after revolution
has occurred, and in each instance it lias been
headed by a military chieftain. There has been
no civil liberty in the land. The political
chieftain of to-day succeeds, to yield only to
another more fortunate one of to-morrow;
and that js the case now. Juarez, inallhuman
probability, will be in power, if he is in power
at all, only for the moment. Some more decided
military man (for Juarez I understand is not a
military man and never was under fire) will
soon be at the head of the Government; it
may be Escobedo. I forbear to say what I
have understood of Escobedo, for I do not
know that the facts communicated to me are
true; but he is a bold, daring rifen, perhaps of
some military genius, and will stop at no
obstacle _ which may stand between him and
the acquisition of supreme power; and Juarez
may share the fate that Maximilian has just met.
Ihere is another thing that we ought not to
forget; that that being the condition of Mexico
she made an appeal to the United States to
interpose by way of a protectorate. .She was
willing to enter into a treaty looking to that
result. When I say that she was willing I
mean that the wealth of Mexico desired it;
the education of Mexico desired it; all the
foreign population whose safety depended upon
rp maintenance of good order desired it.
They applied to the United States, and they
were refused. The treaty negotiated by Mr.
McLane, of Maryland, then our minister to
Mexico, would have brought about that result,
and that was rejected. These citizens, there-
tore, ot Mexico, failing to get the relief with-
out which, as they supposed, they would be
involved m rum, went to Europe. They made
their application finally to Maximilian. Max-
imilian agreed to come if supported by the
armies of I< ranee, but only upon the condition
that before he landed, he should have received
the votes of the people of Mexico. Whether
those votes were cast in his favor or not I do
not know; whether, if they were cast physi-
cally, they were cast properly, fairly east, or
whether they were made to be cast by the force
ot r rench bayonets or other physical force, I
do not know. But the fact is that such a vote
was reported, and that upon the faith of that
l>e home and came to Mexico,
now was he received ? He was received
at Vera Cruz with enthusiasm; his whole march
irom Vera Cruz to the City of Mexico was an
ovation ; his entrance into the city of Mexico
was equally enthusiastic; and he commenced
a system of government, which, if it had been
carried out, would have given to Mexico a
better government than it had ever had in the
Now, I am not to be understood as justifying
or excusing the Emperor of the French in
interfering for the purpose which he did inter-
fere with the condition of Mexico. He want-
ed, as he said in a letter .which was afterward
published, to have the Latin race upon the
American continent. He dreaded, as was
evident, the growing power of the United
States. I have no doubt he rejoiced in what
he believed was then about to occur, the dis-
ruption of the United States, and he availed
himself of that particular exigency in the con-
dition of this country to take the step which
he did. He has been forced to abandon
Mexico almost in dishonor.
Mr. WILSON. Why not quite in dishonor?
Mr. JOHNSON. I mean dishonor as a sol-
dier. I am not speaking of any other dis-
honor. There was no fighting which caused him
to abandon it; but he saw—for he is an intelli-
gent and far-seeing man, and how he should
have been so short-sighted in the beginning of
this expedition always amazed me—he is a far-
seeing man in the general, and he saw that it
would be impossible for him to maintain his
army in Mexico after the dangers to the Union
had ceased to exist and we were about to be-
come again one people—a people powerful
when divided, as the war proved, in all physi-
cal contests as powerful as any of the nations
of Europe, but when united so powerful that
it would be madness in Prance or in England
or in any of the other Governments of Europe
to join in the attempt to destroy or revolution-
ize the Government of Mexico or any nation
in which the United States supposed it had an
interest or which it was its duty to preserve,
and he therefore abandoned the country.
Why did not Maximilian go ? There is some-
thing in his conduct that appeals, as I think, to
the generosity of every man of generous feel-
ings. He had abundant time to leave Mexico
under the protection of the French army. No
danger could have occurred to him. Why did
he not go then ? Because he loved honor more
than life; because he apprehended that the
men who had invited him into Mexico, and
who had followed his fortunes during the period
of that struggle, would be sacrificed to the mad
or just passion of the conqueror if the Juarez
government should be the conqueror, and he
determined upon remaining and sharing the
fate of his friends; and among those, as I
believe, are found very many of the best men
in Mexico; very many foreigners of all nations;
men of education and of wealth, who looked
to the certainty of losing property, and perhaps
losing life, if the imperial government should
be surrendered or abandoned; and they in-
yoked him to remain; and listening to the
impulses of a noble ambition at that moment
he determined to remain.
What was his condition up to the period of
his execution, from the time he took the reins
of government? Recognized by all the civil-
ized nations of the world except the United
States; not only recognized, but with repre-
sentatives to his court from every civilized
nation of the world other than the United
States. He was the head, then, as far as the
world was concerned, of a legitimate nation.
He was carrying on the war as the head of a
legitimate nation. He was captured, as it is
said, by treachery. I do not know how the
fact is. It is said that his success would have
been complete but for the alleged treachery.
But, however that may be, he was captured
and sentenced to death, and that sentence ex-
ecuted. What for? Because he came under
the protection of French bayonets—is that a
cause for executing him ? Because he remained
there at the instaijpe of Mexicans—is that a
cause for executing him 1 Because he was not
recognized by the United States—is that a
cause_ for executing him ? Could he not say
with justice, and will not history say so here-
after when it comes to record the events of the
day, that he who was recognized as the head
of a Government by all the nations of the world
had a right to do what every nation in the world
has a right to do, to carry on war, and tha-t he
