1867. ,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBR
003
cannot be executed in the event of his being
captured?
Mr. President, as I have stated the United
States are all powerful; but there is a weak-
ness into winch they may fall.. They, will
prove to be all and sufficiently powerful in
every righteous cause, in every judgment that
strikes the good sense of the world ;,butif they
vindicate an act which has shocked the sensi-
bilities of all other nations, they will find that
at leastin moral strength they havelost ground.
The honorable member from Tennessee
[Mr. Fowler] has intimated that no feeling
of regret has been expressed in relation to the
execution of republican soldiers or generals.
That is not applicable to me. Would to God
that all violence of that description as between
belligerents should cease and never be revived.
The laws of war are not now what they were in
former ages. They partake of the civilization
of the world. They have been tempered by
the good sense and the humanity of the world.
They have been, above all, tempered and modi-
fied by that spirit of mutual good will from
man to' man which we have been taught by the
Saviour of our race. They, therefore, at this
moment of the world, denounce as an atrocity
any violence not necessary to accomplish the
purposes of a just war.
Now, what was to be accomplished by the
execution of Maximilian ? His army captured ;
the foreign troops upon which he relied for the
most part gone; himself a prisoner, anxious
and willing to depart; why not have let him
depart? Has Mexico strengthened herself by
his execution ? To say nothing of public opin-
ion across the water, what, judging from the
press of the day, is the public opinion among
ourselves ? Nothing but deep sympathy and
regret., nothing but strong condemnation of the
act, almost throughout the United States. A
young man in the prime of life, educated, and,
except so far as the evidence to the contrary
is to be found in this proclamation, a man of
remarkable humanity, an accomplished gentle-
man, made a mistake, a political mistake. His
object was the resuscitation of Mexico. He
was told, and told truly, that hardly a month
passed in which it was not shaken to its cen-
ter by some political convulsion, and he was
urged to go among them, and if he could, to
terminate a state of things so fatal to the prog-
ress, the prosperity, and the individual happi-
ness of the citizens of that country. He lias
paid dearly for his enterprise ; but he has died,
from all accounts, like a brave and honorable
man, and his death has been the consequence
of his having acted, after being abandoned by
Napoleon, from the impulses of a brave and
honorable man.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I have no feel-
ing of anxiety about the exact wording of this
resolution. I care nothing as to whether it
shall be amended or its substance embodied in
a different form. I am forcibly impressed with
the importance of this discussion ; and as it
has been introduced, I think the subject de-
mands an impartial review at the hands of all
of us.
In looking at the map of the world we find
that Mexico forms a part of this continent, and
an important part of this continent in view of
its proximity and locality to our own Govern-
ment ; and he who looks carefully will see that
in order to complete the symmetry of this re-,
public we need and will have, the addition of
Mexico as belonging to us.
I do not quite agree with the distinguished
Senator who has just taken his seat in regard
to the object of Maximilian's going to Mexico.
I deny, from the history of the time, that his
object was to resuscitate or regenerate Mexico.
His object in going there was not to benefit
Mexico, but to injure us ; for nobody at this
hour will pretend to deny that the Mexican
invasion was a part of the whole scheme of
rebellion ; that the French were to divert and
divide our armies, as they supposed, by an in-
vasion of Mexico, while the English Govern-
ment was to amuse itself by making the ocean
light with the blaze of our commerce. Early
that policy developed itself, and all the crowned
beads of Europe, monarchical or imperial,
were engaged in the work of aiding the rebel-
lion by attempting to overthrow this Republic.
Therefore I fail to share in the feeling of the
distinguished Senator from Maryland when he
says that he sympathizes with Maximilian for
this noble purpose of attempting to regenerate
distracted Mexico.
I do not know that the history of the Mexi-
can republic in all its worst features has ex-
hibited worse attributes than have been exhib-
ited by the Government under which this arch-
duke was reared. Cruelties as unparalleled
and on a much larger scale by that enlightened
Government has the world witnessed than have
been seen on a much smaller scale in the
republic of Mexico. I therefore look at this
subject from a different stand-point entirely;
and -this discussion can only be profitable in
view of our future relations with this natural
portion of our own country.
The distinguished Senator from Maryland
says that Juarez will soon be no more, and
that Escobedo or some other potent man in
arms will take his place, and the world will
witness another revolution. There was one
thing, however, that the Senator failed to com-
ment upon. This man Juarez, to whom his-
tory and an enlightened world will pay proper
tribute hereafter, under circumstances that
would have disheartened even our own Gov-
ernment in all its strength, with all its power
—with small armies, no baggage trains, no
supplies, no treasury, guided alone by that star
of liberty by which he has steered through a
long night of trouble, of vexation, of anxiety
and care, has never lost sight for one moment
of that principle whichthe world begins to
worship now—the principle of liberty. I feel
rebuked, and Senators here should feel re-
buked, for their want of attachment to that
principle as compared with the attachment
that that half-benighted people of Mexico have
exhibited to it.' Sir, no trials that we have
undergone on our bloodiest fields with all our
power, will compare with the trials of strug-
gling Mexico for liberty; and I say I feel re-
buked myself, born in the full blaze of liberty,
that they with but indistinct and uncertain
glimmerings of its beauty are more attached
to it as a principle than even wc who receive
it as an inheritance.
Sir, let me suggest to the distinguished Sen-
ator from Maryland that a people who love lib-
erty as well as these Mexicans have proved they
love it no mortal power can ever overthrow.
They will find its advocates at the sources of
rivers and in the gorges of mountains. They
will find them in just such bands as this bloody
emperor issued his decree against, where riv-
ers rise upon the mountain heights and in the
deepest valleys, and their song is the music
to which emperors do not listen with pleasure.
Their songs are the songs of liberty, and those
songs have their energctic power to nerve a
people, half benighted as they are, to deeds ot
wondrous daring.
Juarez, says the Senator, is not a warrior.
Neither was Lincoln; and yet ho led armies that
have astonished the world to victories that have
likewise astonished the world. Juarez, like
Lincoln, was a great and a good man; good
for his fidelity to the principle of liberty, even
when the last star of hope grew pale. _
The distinguished Senator says that Maxi-
milian was made a tool of by the Emperor of
France. In the first place I deny the proposi-
tion, from the information I possess m rela-
tion to it j and in the next place, if he was, he
did not know enough to bear transportation
from Austria to Mexico.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am very unwilling to
arrest for a moment the honorable member
from Nevada; but I did not say that he was
made a tool of.
Mr. NYE. I understood so. You said that
he was made the instrument of the Emperor
of France. ., ,
Mr. JOHNSON. No; 1 said he was pro-
tected by France, not that he was made a tool
of by Napoleon or anybody else. I do not
think he could be made a tool of.
Mr. NYE. Sir, I am one of those who
believe that the overthrow of the Republic of
Amerioa was a question of consultation among
the crowned heads of Europe, and in looking
over those countries this was the only surplus
scion of royalty that they could spare from any
of those Governments; and he was chosen for
the reason that he was of royalty. He came
here. My friend from Maryland says that he
was received with great enthusiasm at Vera
Cruz. Yes, he was. Who received him? " It
was the royalists of Mexico and the royalists
of all Europe that had congregated there, what
the Senator terms the wealth and the learning
of Mexico. Against that was a determined
people who in their ignorance were not to be
transformed in a moment from liberty to pay
tribute to a Crown. When did that enthusiasm
die out? When the emperor that sent this
archduke found that the job was hopeless,
never until then, it was not Mexicans that
received him as a class. It was the descendants
of that old Castilian race who cling yet to tradi-
tionary imperialism. But, sir, the class that
have grown up there, the people of Mexico,
are as ardent in their attachment to liberty as
the American citizen himself with all his intel-
ligence. I confess very frankly I have no sym-
pathy with these imported monarehs. Maxi-
milian came, not to regenerate Mexico, but to
take it by force of arms. It is not the first time
that Mexico lias been taken in that way. One
other archduke, or archdovil, or some fellow
took it before, but he did not hold it long. The
people then began to rise, and the murmur-
ings of that day make every valley echo with
their music now.
My friend from Maryland does not quite like
the Emperor of Franco. Nor I; and I desire
to institute here a comparison to show why.
He says that Maximilian came by what he
called an election, the voice of the people.
Sir, it was the voice of imperial power. The
French Emperor, who now holds his throne so
securely, ascended that ladder by the great
American institution, the ballot. But, sir,
there was the ballot-box, and there were the
guillotine and the sword. " Vote for Napo-
leon and you are safe ; vote against him and
you are gone." So it was in Mexico ; "vote
for the emperor and you arc safe ; vote for
Juarez and you are lost." I have no respect
for such an election, and I have no respect for
the intelligence of any archduke who should
receive it as evidence of what the people want.
The argument impeaches either the intelli-
gence or the integrity of this archduke. No,
sir, it was a crowned-head consultation, in an-
swer to these emissaries from Mexico desiring
imperial power over Mexico. Her masses
could not be heard there; but the consultation
was held in the French capital; it was held
in the Austrian capital; it was held in the
Prussian capital; it was held by representa-
tives of every crowncd head of Europe except
Russia; and this offspring, this emperor, was
born of that consultation. He went out to
gather an empire. In it he has found a grave,
and an enlightened world will say hereafter to
that, amen.
Why, sir, but a few years ago one of our
own citizens, a citizen of this Republic, called
the "gray-eyed man of destiny," invaded one
of the Central American republics. He was
shot, and the world said they served him right.
Why was not Walker as precious as Maxi-
milian? Europe has gone into mourning
Why? Because a scion of royalty has fallen.
But enlightened America, while it records his
death and admires his bravery in his last hours,
cannot but admit that it is the fate of the war-
rior who takes his life in one hand and a desire
to steal an empire in the other and crosses the
sea for felonious purposes. He understood his
fate and met it like a man. Europe will mourn,
and 1 mourn here because I hate to see a brave
man so deluded.
But, sir, how did the Mexicans reason?
From the western coast of Mexico to Vera
