6<M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
Cruz—ay, sir, from Aeapulco to the Rio
Grande, they have been pursued through every
mountain gorge ; they have been'hunted as the
hound hunts the hare ; they have been wading
literally through rivers of blood for four or five
years, resisting the allied Powers of Europe,
and an entire want of sympathy in America so
far as material aid was concerned. They have
been resisting this till the very waters through
which they passed seemed as if their dropping
blood reddened them to cry'enough. Just at
this moment and at this period of this history
Maximilian is taken prisoner. There was an
offer by the Queen of England, by the Prussian
king, by the Austrian throne to go bail, if they
would let him go, that he would never come
back. How did the Mexicans reason ? They
counted over the bloody fields and the bloody
paths over which they had walked; they saw a
decimated and impoverished people; they saw
that future struggle was to them more terrible
than the past; and they said, "This man that
could rally Governments of imperial strength
around him before this war commenced, with
the resentments and prejudices incident to de-
feat will rally around him stronger Powers and
stronger Governments to come back again and
invade us and retake the throne he has lost."
I think the Mexicans reasoned well. They
think now of allying in Europe to go to war
with Mexico for his remains ; and if they will
do that over the dead what would they do for
the living?
But let .me ask the Senator from Maryland
what business is it to us or the Governments
of Europe how Mexico treats her foes? We
would not allow them to interfere in our af-
fairs. Suppose, for instance, that when the
final clinch of arms came here, when Grant
had them by the throat at Richmond, England,
Prance, Prussia, and Austria had all come
together and said, " Here is going to be bloody
work: some of you are going to be killed:
stop whore you are: wait for humanity's sake:"
or said, as they did say, "You may catch Mr.
Davis, and if you do, for God's sake do not
shoot him." What said our people to that?
'•Stand off; we settle our own affairs: we are
the judges of our own matters." Now, I should
like to ask the Senator from Maryland one
question: suppose that Juarez had been the
unfortunate one, how long would he have
lived?
Mr. JOHNSON. If the honorable mem-
ber wants me to answer, I do not know ; but I
suppose just as long as he will live now.
Mr. NYE. He would live probably under
the advice of the allies of Maximilian, of
Miramon and Mejia. They would have ad-
vised undoubtedly to keep Juarez alive for
some time. What does Miramon say in his
dying hour? All that he regrets is that the
nation hereafter can point to his children as
traitors. Sir, the Mexicans are peculiar in
this respect; they execute judgments speedily.
I recollect that when Santa Anna, in one of
his invasions or in one of his fights, captured
one of the most celebrated generals in Mexico
and sent him word that he would be executed
at three o'clock in the afternoon, the general
replied:" Give General Santa Anna my regards,
and tell him I am much obliged to him for 1ms
grace, for if I had taken him he would not
have lived five minutes." It is a kind of cus-
tom these Mexicans have. They are enlight-
ened enough to love liberty over the glitter-
ing baubles of imperial power. They love it
well enough to fight for it in every mountain
gorge, and uo crowned heads can ever interfere
there.
Sir, I have said all I* desire to say about
Maximilian. His history is written. He at-
tempted to steal an empire and failed, and
instead of finding a throne he found a grave.
That sums up his history. A foolish prince
that started to gather empire and gathered
nothing but a hempen collar.
Mr. President, I was fully impressed with
one remark made by the Senator from Mich-
igan : this continent has no place for a throne.
I have seen a little of this struggle in Mexico
myself. I have been iu the_ habit of going up
and down that coast for six years; and my
blood was made to boii when I witnessed this
fact: I have seen our ships from San Fran-
cisco to Aeapulco laden with supplies for the
French army; and I have seen the Mexican
exiles on that coast begging for God's sake to
get in a load of ammunition or arms, and the
eyes of this Government, through their revenue-
cutters, were as sharp as the eagle's flash upon
them. Sir, I sympathized with the struggling
Mexicans then, and do now; and it was unbe-
coming this great Government, whose institu-
tions rest upon the same hypothesis and theory,
to furnish horses, provender, bread, and wine
to these imperial powers, and refuse them to
the thirsty, dying, starving Mexicans, who were
fighting for a cause similar to our own. But,
sir, I had no power to wield this Government.
All that-I could do was to look and weep.
But, Mr. President, my eye was always glad-
dened with one thing there. I was always glad
to get to Acapulco, a snug little land-bound
harbor, in which our ships and the Mexican
fleet rode at perfect ease, land-locked entirely,
except when the ocean would lash it into dis-
turbance. Right on the mountain-top above,
not two miles from the imperial garrison, stood
flauntiug the republican flag of Mexico, and
every Frenchman and every traitor in Mexico
that attempted to pass that flag was a dead
man. There stood a man—Alvarez—with the
frosts of eighty winters upon his head, with a
blade that, flashed defiance to imperial com-
binations, with five thousand Mexicans in that
mountain pass, and he would have held it till
the last Mexican was dead. There were seen
under the folds of that flag this old hero and
his two sons, worthy sons of a worthy sire. His
integrity and his love of liberty had been trans-
mitted to them, and he had infused this body
of Mexicans with the spirit of liberty. France,
with all her power; Prussia, with her needle-
gun ; Austria, with her legions of infanty, could
never break the lines of Alvarez in that mount-
ain gorge. For more than forty years has he
stood guard in that mountain gorge, and there
he will stand till he goes to the reward of the
faithful and the liberty-loving in a better world,
where there is no war.
The Senator from Maryland, in my judg-
ment, underrates the power and the intelli-
gence of this Mexican people. 1 have learned
in my intercourse with them to have a high
regard for them. They lack, it is true, that
power of consolidation which is incident to
education and refinement; but, sir, from the
poorest to the richest, from the lowest to the
highest, from the peon to his master, their
evening hymns all sound of liberty and free-
dom; and the Mexican that I heard make an
address in San Francisco stirred my very soul
with his eloquence when he said that "music
was born when liberty spoke." Sir, it is not
wise for this nation to underrate Mexico. By
every principle of sympathy that binds man to
man and nation to nation we should be their
friends and their allies. If, in the hour of our
weakness, imperial Europe felt able to estab-
lish an empire in Mexico, with no other view
than to distract our forces and overthrow our
Government, we should say, in the hour of our
strength, "Europe, hands off from Mexico:
the ferry over which you come will be danger-
ous if you attempt to invade this sister repub-
lic." I would say it in the kindest spirit. I
would not offend any of the imperial Powers
by it if language could prevent it, but I would
give them to understand most explicitly that
we were quite at leisure now, and that we
have an eye outward as well as inward.
Sir, what did France want with Mexico ?
She wanted it to break the commercial power
of this mighty nation that faces the Pacific for
four thousand miles. She wanted harbors and
commercial marts and ports upon the western
shores of Mexico. Sir, they were not made
for France. As to this little innocent desire
which the Senator from Maryland says Napo-
leon had to infuse the Latin race into Mexico
—I take it for granted Maximilian shared in
that—he could not get the infusion there. It
was a cross that could not be made. Liberty
and imperialism have no progeny. Sir, it is
written upon the map of this continent that it
is ours, and we are going to have it.
Mr. WILSON. Do not be in a hurry.
Mr. NYE. I am in no hurry. We can let
it alone; keep other hands off; allow no nurse
from abroad for Mexico; if she needs one, we
will nurse her ourselves. We will not attempt
to establish an imperial power, but we will
attempt what we can do : raise the standard of
their intelligence and increase their love for
republican institutions. The duty of the Uni-
ted States at present is that of a great teacher;
indeed, I may say that the United Statesatthe
present day is a great missionary. Every flag
that is borne upon our masts bespeaks the
power and freedom of the Government at
home. Every lesson that we teach in the
uprising of mankind from slavery to freedom
is an infusing accelerator into the mighty
enginery of the downtrodden of the world.
It gives them hope; it gives them life ; and
our noble example of clothing four million
slaves in the garments of citizenship is a les-
son to the people of all continents to-day that
that prize and boon is within their grasp.
Such, sir, is the way that I would conquer
Mexico. I would conquer her with our benign
principles. I would scatter our population
among them, and make every one of them a
missionary. I would have them speak en-
couraging words of promise for the future of
that country.
These great imperial Powers that the Sen-
ator from Maryland is so fearful of offending
are not above one of the meanest attributes of
our nature—cupidity. The history of the cen-
tury has spoken of the hidden, undeveloped,
and developed wealth of Mexico. Her mount-
ains are full of the precious metals. In her
valleys grow every tropical fruit, and cotton
flourishes there as well as in South Carolina.
France and imperial Europe wanted these
things. They had inducements held out by the
rebels, with whom they were acting as allies,
that these eleven tribes that went out with
Jeroboam or Jefferson, it makes no odds which,
only on Jeroboam they never had any Commit-
tee on Reconstruction, and I sometimes wish
they had not on Jefferson, [laughter]—they
had inducements held out that these eleven
States would form a part of Maximilian's
empire. Yon saw it in their public prints; it
was published everywhere. Thank God, if
they were going to have an emperor for these
southern States even they had got to import
him. There were none here. Our fathers put
an end to their reign here, and another em-
peror will never live as a ruler upon the conti-
nent of redeemed America.
Mr. President, the conduct of the United
States toward Mexico should be that of fra-
ternal kindness, of sisterly sympathy, of kind
words and encouragement and promise, and
if need be the strong arm of intervention to
this monarchical attempt to distract and destroy
her. Sir, the history of Juarez will live through
all time. The history of Maximilian will only
be remembered as a warning to other scions
of imperial power. Therefore, while I can
drop a tear of sympathy over the fall of this
man, yet I stand here to declare what I hon-
estly and religiously believe, that his death and
the manner of it will be a more potent event to
Mexico than even our own triumph over rebel-
lion.
Sir, the French emperor and the Austrian
Government are in mourning. A prince is
dead. But Mexico, thank God, is not dead,
but liveth. It lives in the embrace of a liberty-
loving people. It lives surrounded by as many
heroes, in proportion to numbers, as any other
band that ever fought for liberty. I know
oppressors will mourn, but America should
rejoice. I know that it is a great failure upon
the move of the chess-board of the imperial
world; but it is an indescribable victory for
liberty and freedom that should make every
American heart exultingly hope, not only for
