1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
605
Mexico, but for people struggling for fi-eedom
everywhere.
I hope, therefore, that this body will pass
some resolution clearly indicating, and in most
explicit terms declaring, that our sympathies as
a nation, individually and collectively, are and
have been with the struggling Mexicans. At
once there should be sent from here to Mexico
no inferior man, but a master hand; a man
who sees where liberty has bees wounded and
knows the remedy to apply; a man whose
heart beats high in sympathy with struggling
freemen everywhere, and who should be a guide
to them now in the labyrinth in which they
seem to be going. Send no charg6. Pick out
your master mind. 1 would be delighted, if we
could spare him from here, to have the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations go.
I should be glad to see the towering genius of the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts there,
giving the light to their pathway that he has so
long given on the pathway of this Government.
That is the way we should interfere—send a
living man there; a man whose very eye be-
speaks his love of liberty; a man with his
compass broad enough to comprehend the
wants of a struggling nation; a man so familiar
in the pathway of struggling freedom that he
knows that his footing is sure, to lead them and
say to them, " This is the way; walk therein."
Such, sir, is the interference that we can give.
The power and influence of a legislative expres-
sion of this great nation at this time would be
to them what the draught is to the thirsty or
food to the hungry. It would be to thom the
resurrection and the life in the pathway of
future progress.
One word more, sir, and I have done.
These people, whether they are in the Senate
or out of the Senate, that set back upon the
old idea that kings and emperors are to reign,
misjudge. The little time that you and I, sir,
have lived has seen worked a perfect revolu-
tion. More history has been made in your day
than for twelve centuriesi before; why? Be-
cause we have lived in a living age. If I was
asked to-day what inscription to put upon a
passing monument as we go as indicative of
the spirit of this age, I would inscribe "prog-
ress"—progress individual and collective,
progress in the upward ascent to the Heaven
for which man has struggled; I see it in every-
thing. Emperors' diamonds shake in their
crowns while the tread of coming millions is
heard. A decree that the workingmeu of
England shall not gather in Hyde Park to-
morrow, by a vote of Parliament, at night is
revoked ere the sun kisses the soil in the morn-
ing. Why ? They hear the tread of coming
millions. Rome to-day, under the genius of
this progress, is on the eve of a revolution,
civil, political, moral, religious. Under the
glaring and blazing eye of a Garibaldi, who
seems by infusion to have awakened the
echoes of the old Romans, we see the Roman
soldiery marshaled by thousands upon their
plains. Sir, it is progress. Mexico, in this
pathway of progress, lies right where we
can give her aid; she is a sister republic ;
our soils touch; our productions are the same.
They are rich in everything bat men. We
should furnish them those, and incorporate
them, as they deserve to be by their valor, by
their tenacity, by their patriotism, with this
greater, nobler, higher body which has ad-
vanced in progress, and bleach them out, and
make them a part of one harmonious whole.
Mr. HOWARD. I rise-not to occupy the
time of the Senate on this subject, but rather
to express my entire concurrence with the view
taken of this matter by the learned Senator from
Maryland, when he says that we ought to move
slowly and cautiously, and not take everything
for granted, but endeavor to acquire the proofs
in the case and reach the facts of the case. I
approve of that. It is surely nothing but rea-
sonable that we should get at the facts before
we pass a judgment. Well, sir, a judgment
has been passed in this case. If we are rightly
. informed, Maximilian, after being captured
and made a prisoner, was in regular form sub-
jected to trial by court-martial, and after such
hearing as is usual in such courts in Mexico,
he was duly convicted of some offense against
the' authority of the Liberals in Mexico, and
executed. I do not rise to impeach the judg-
ment of a court It is rather my duty, as a
citizen of the. United States and as a Senator,
to take it for granted that this court-martial
acted properly, legally, fairly, in accordance
with the laws of war, and that the execution
of their judgment is also regular and legal;
and it devolves upon the opposite party, who
impeach this proceeding, if I may allude to it
as a sort of legal proceeding, to show in what
respect there has been any error or irregular-
ity. Maximilian was tried for something; he
was convicted ; he was executed. Now, sir, I
should like the Clerk to read the first clause of
the imperial decree of the 3d of October.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" Arttclk 1. All persons belonging to armed bands
or oorps not legally authorized, whether they pro-
claim or not any political principles, and whatover
bo the number of those who composo the said bands,
their organization, their character, and denomina-
tion, shall bo tried militarily by the courts-martial;
and if found guilty, even of the only fact of belonging
to the'band, they shall be condemned to capital pun-
ishment within the twenty-four hours following the
sentence."
Mr. HOWARD. That is it. We do not
know, because we have no proof before us at
all, whether this order, and any action under
the order, was introduced in evidence before
the court-martial which tried Maximilian. It
may be that such was the case; but thus far
we are not informed. But whether it was the
case or not, it seems to me that - every right-
minded citizen, evei-y true lover of even mili-
tary justice, every lover of'honorable warfare,
every man animated by a proper sense of
honor, cannot but rebuke and condemn that
most singular decree. What is it in its essence?
Nothing more nor less than this : that every
individual belonging to an armed band in Mex-
ico, not authorized by law, is to be summarily
shot if he happens to be made a prisoner.
Authorized by what law ? The decree does not
explain. Was it the law of the republic, at
the head of which was Juarez as president?
That does not appear. Was it the law of the
empire ? If not either of these, what law, I
beg to inquire of the honorable Senator from
Maryland, was referred to?
Now, the question whether the party accused
under that order belonged to a band that was
authorized by law or not, was precisely the
main question to be decided by the single offi-
cer—it might be a sergeant—before whom the
party arrested was to be taken and tried ; and
the decree was so formed and so framed as to
impose upon that single officer the duty of de-
ciding whether the band was authorized by the
law of Mexico, and,whether, if so authorized,
the law of Mexico itself was an authority for
such an organization. It is not to be denied,
Mr. President, that this decree opened the
whole question, both of law and of fact, and
left it to the officer who happened to have the
good fortune to make the arrest to determine
both the law and the fact, and there was no
appeal. We all know perfectly well that the
republican armies of Mexico were not organ-
ized in any considerable military bodies in their
operations against the imperial forces; but they
were from various causes necessarily divided
up into small bodies and small squads ; and in
this way, for want of supplies and want of
arms and other necessities, they were obliged
to carry on the war against the imperial forces
aided by the forces of France. Sir, it was an
order unworthy of the age, unworthy of the
French commander, if he made it, utterly un-
worthy of the spirit of even French law and
French institutions, unworthy of an honorable
soldier; an order under which, undoubtedly,
any number of republican soldiers fighting for
the republic might be executed, and were in-
tended to bo executed, whether they were or
not. And in this 1 find the atrocity of the
order itself.
Sir, do not tell me that an emperor, or a gen-
eral, or a king, who issued such an order as
that, knowing as Maximilian was bound to
know its complete legal effect and its neces-
sary practical consequences, can be a magnan-
imous, courageous, and honorable man. It
was the order of a temporarily successful high-
way chief, to put down and murder all persons
who were found in opposition to his progress.
In my opinion, Maximilian met his just fate,
and I am not inclined to join in the extensive
lachrymation and .mourning which seems to be
pervading the Courts of Europe on this occa-
sion. He undertook, ai the instigation of the
French emperor, to play the same gaSie in
poor Mexico that the allied Powers of Europe,
including Great Britain, Prussia, and Austria,
undertook to play in regard to France itself
during the first Revolution. They undertook to
say to the French people—these same crowned
heads who are now mourning for Maximilian—
undertook to say to France what should be her
form of government, and employed means to
put down the movement in tnat country and
to extinguish the republican- spirit which rose
up in that wonderful epoch. Is it not a little
remarkable that the Emperor of France should
have this same poisoned chalice commended to
his lips, that his brave uncle commended to
the lips of those who interfered to put down
the French people?
But, sir, I will not detain the Senate longer
upon this subject than to say, as friends of
Mexico, as friends of the independence of
nations, and of the right of peoples constituting*
nations to form their own governments in their
own way, as friends of the principle of liberty
tiiBOughout the world, it becomes us to stancL
firmly, honestly, and courageously by Mexico
in her struggle against the imperialism which
she has just overthrown. I shall not, for one,
join in these funeral ceremonies; I shall not
put on sables, because a man crossed the ocean,
converted himself into what, in my judgment,
is very little better than a highwayman, and
finally failing to accomplish the object of his
guilty mission, found a grave where he expected
to find an empire and a permanent throne.
Mr. YATES. I presume the Senator from
Michigan is not anxious to press a vote on the
question of order at this time, and I thereforo -
move that the Senate proceed to the considera-
tion of executive business.
3y{,r. FOWLER. If the Senator from Illinois
will allow me, I desire the privilege of intro-
ducing a resolution, which I desire to have
printed and laid on the tabla.
Mr. YATES. I withdraw the motion for the
present.
REPUBLICAN GOVERNMENTS IN STATES.
Mr. FOWLER submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be,
and they are hereby, instructed to report a bill for
tho proper enforcement of the first clause of section
four, article four of the Constitution, namely:
"The United States shall guaranty to every State
in the Union a republican form of government.' ^
And that said bill among: other things shall requiro
all changes made in the organic law of any fetate to
be ratified bythepeopleof the State and by the Con-
gress of the United States, and shall prohibit any new
form of government or constitution hereafter mado
from going into operation until the same is duly
authorized by a law of the United States.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. YATES. I now renew my motion for
an executive session.
Mr. POMEROY. That motion cannot bo
discussed under our rule; but there is no execu-
tive business that I know of to transact.
Mr. GRIMES. We will settle that when we
get in.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no- objection to
going into executive session.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in the consideration of executive
business, the doors were reopened.
PROPOSED RECESS.
Mr'. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
take a recess until four o'clock.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to substitute
