1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
607
believed that tfce approval-of any bill after the ad-
journment ot.Congress, whether presented before or
Alter such adjournment, is authorized by the Consti-
tution of the United States, that instrum wit expressly
aeelarmg that no bill shall become a law the return
of which may have been prevented by the adjourn-
ment ot Congress. To concede that, under the Con-
stitution, the President, after the adjournment of
t/ongreis, may, without limitation in respect to time,
exercise the power of approval, and thus determine
at his discretion whether or not .bills shall become
laws, might subject the executive and legislative de-
partments ot the Government to influences most
pernicious to correct legislation and sound public
morals, and, with a single exception, occurring dur-
ing the prevalence of civil war, would be contrary to
the established practice of the Government from its
inauguration to the present time. This bill will,
therefore, be filed in the office of the Secretary of
State without my approval.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C., AprxlVft, 1867.
The "exception51 here alluded to is the act
of March 4, 1863, in regard to abandoned
property 
Mr. DRAKE. Ma%ch 12.
Mr. HENDERSON. It was passed on the
2d of March and the President signed the bill
on the 12th of March, 1863, after the adjourn-
ment of Congress. We have collected together
not less than thirty or forty millions of prop-
erty under that act of Congress, and the pro-
ceeds have gone into the Treasury. Mr. Lin-
coln signed that bill some eight or nine dfiys
after the adjournment of Congress; and it has
no other validity than that. The joint resolu-
tion has neither been approved nor vetoed.
Mr. FESSENDBN. I will say to Senators
that as the request is simply for unanimous
consent to take up this matter, and as taking
it up will not be a rescinding of the rule ex-
cept so far as this particular case is concerned,
I shall not object to taking it up, although I
notify the Senators that it will require very
considerable argument to convince me that
there is power to have this bill reenrolled and
resigned, without other legislative action.
Mr. T)RAKE. May I inquire of the honor-
able Senator whether if by accident after this
bill was enrolled and signed by the Presiding
Officers it had been destroyed or lost it would
not be competent for the tw,o Houses to have
it reenrolled.
Mr. FESSENDEN. During the session.
Mr. DRAKE. This is the same session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is contrary to all
practice. There have been repeated cases-
Mr. DRAKE. Such a case never arose
before.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There has never been
one exactly like this; but there have been
repeated cases where bills have been passed
by both Houses and have failed by some acci-
dent to reach the President to be signed; and
it has always been considered in such cases
that it was necessary to legislate again. •
Mr. DRAKE. That is where a bill fails to
get to the President during the session; but
this is the March session of Congress still. We
have only taken a recess from March until
July.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then he might have
carried all the bills over to this time, if he
pleased, and kept them in his pocket.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope the matter
will come up before the Senate. I am dis-
posed to think there is a good deal in the sug-
gestion made by the Senator from Maine ; per-
haps the whole question is in it. Would it not
be better to let the resolution come up ? It is
not a proposition to legislate, and does not
come within the rule. I hope the Senate will
take up the subject; and if on-consideration it
is determined that it is necessary to introduce
a new bill, the Senators from Missouri will
understand exactly what course to pursue in
order that the men covered by the bill may
obtain their rights* It is nothing but right
that the resolution should be passed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was one of those who
thought there was not a sufficient necessity for
the present session of Congress, or for Con-
gress to be in session at this time; and I was
gratified when I saw that by a very decided vote
the Senate had imposed a restraint upon its
own action, and had decided to consider nt>
question except with regard to a particular
measure. It was the judgment of the Senate
that however important other legislation might
be it should not now be considered; that ws
were not here for the purpose of considering
other measures, although they might address
the conscience and the judgment of the Senate
without a great deal of force. I dare say this
is a very proper bill, and perhaps it would
relieve persons now if it were passed; but
that is true in regard to many other matters.
This is but one of a large class of cases; and
especially as it is doubtful whether the pro-
posed pleasure ought to be adopted, and as
our power to legislate in the form that is pro-
posed is doubted by the distinguished Senator
from Maine, in view of the whole facts, I
object.
Mr. HENDERSON.. I suppose this objec-
tion having been filed, it becomes necessary for
the Senate now to determine whether this reso-
lution falls within the rule. I am rather of
the impression that this being a concurrent
resolution by the two bodies and in reference
to business already transacted, it is not within
the rule. If it is, then a concurrent resolution
to adjourn the two branches of Congress would
be within that rule, and I do not see how we
can adjourn without suspending the rule.
Mr. DRAKE. Let me suggest to my col-
league, too 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The point of order is
made, and it is for the Chair to decide now
whether the case is within the rule or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator from Missouri state his point of order?
Mr. HENDERSON. It was raised on the
other side.
The PRESIDING-OFFICER. The Senator
from Indiana raised no point of order; he
simply objected.
Mr. DRAKE. I would make this suggestion
to my colleague, that this resolution has
already been up before the Senate, taken.up
by unanimous consent the other day and inter-
rupted by a motion to adjourn. ["No, no."]
Mr. HENDERSON. No ; there was only
a motion to take it up.
Mr. DRAKE. I thought it was before the
Senate.
Mr. HENDERSON. No; my colleague is
mistaken in that.
Mr. BUCKALEW. After assent is given
to one measure of this kind, it will be a very
ungracious thing to object to anything else that
has merit in it; we shall have no ground to
stand upon in doing so. Now, sir, i desire to
make one suggestion at this time which may
commend itself to the Senator from Missouri;
it has occurred to me that after we have fixed
our adjournment, when we have ascertained
by conferring with the House of Representa-
tives that we can leave at a particular time,
there may not be so much objection, by unan-
imous consent, to waiving the resolution under
which we have acted at this session, and
attending to a few matters of detail that will
not elicit debate, and about which there can
be no difficulty. The objection I have at this
time to yielding consent to taking up this
measure is, that I do not know where we shall
stop. If the House of Representatives agree
with us that we shall adjourn at a fixed time,
and we have control over that question, hav-
ing received their assent, so that we know we
can leave at a particular date, there will not
be such mischief in doing things without
objection, waiving all rules. I think, there-
fore, the Senator had best defer pressing this
question until we ascertain when we shall
adjourn, and if he can get common consent
at any time, he can certainly then.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understood the Chair
to suggest to me to make the point of order  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
remarked that the Senator objected, but he
made no point of order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I objected under the
rule adopted to the consideration of this busi-
ness, and; if the Senate willindulgo me, I wish
to state, on the objection, why I make my
opposition. I have not been in the habit of
making objection to the consideration of any-
thing that it was the pleasure of the Senate
to consider; but I esteem it now to be my pub-
lic duty. The day before yesterday I received
a letter from a pensioner in the State of Indi-
ana, informing me that by mistake his bill had
been passed for six dollars a month when he
ought to have been pensioned for a larger sum.
I sat down at once and wrote to him returning
the papers, saying that the Senate had decided
to consider no general business, and I thought
the decision was right, and I would therefore
not present-his papers now ; but if they were
returned in December justice could be done.
I acted in regard to a constituent of my own
on this principle because I thought it a public
duty, and I make the objection because I so
feel.
Mr. FOWLER. I do not intend to ask for
any legislation for my own State, but I think
a liberal interpretation of this resolution with
a view to its object would permit the consider-
ation of the proposition of the Senator from
Missouri. The demands for it are so pressing
and so urgent that I feel bound as far as I arn
concerned to consider it. I hope at any rate
the subject will come before the Senate and be
considered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remark to the Senate that ho has heard
this resolution read by its title only, and accord-
ing to its title it is a concurrent resolution. A
concurrent resolution cannot be legislation, and
therefore the Chair thinks it is not obnox-
ious to the objection that it violates the rule,
and hence it can be taken up by a majority vote.
The Chair says this without any knowledge of
the body of the resolution, judging only by the
title.
Mr. DRAKE. Then my motion is in order
to take it up now, J understand the Chair?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands from the title that it is a concur-
rent resolution, and therefore it cannot be legis-
lation.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand that anything '
is legislation that requires the concurrent action
of the two Houses.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. A resolu-
tion of adjournment is a concurrent resolution.
_ Mr. CONKLING. Let us hear the resolu-
tion read.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let us hear whether it
proposes to make a law. I wish to ask this
question 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the*
Senator from Indiana appeal from the decision
of the Chair ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir; I wish to
make this inquiry, whether this resolution pro-
poses to make a law.
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir; it does not.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does this resolution
merely declare that there is now a law? If it
proposes to do something which will make that
a law which was not before, I do not care what
its form is, it is legislation.
Mr. HENDERSON. I wish to state the
fact that at the present session of Congress a
bill which was passed at the last session before
our adjournment, but was not presented to the
President then, has been presented to him at
this session and signed by him, and is now a
law. I cannot say that it is not a law; but
yet it was presented to the President at this
session, though passed by Congress before the
adjournment. This bill was sent to the Presi-
dent, and he has not vetoed it. It was given
to him after our adjournment; that is, after
the recess had been taken. The other bill to
which I refer was tfot sent to him until the
commencement of the present session, and he
has signed it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a difference
in the cases.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from Indi-
ana asks whether this is to give validity or to
