1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
618
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The additional sections
are. the sections that were in the original House
bill very nearly. I am not sure but. there is
perhaps one or two besides that we have had
in print before us.
Mr. SUMNER. They are different.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very nearly the same;
and I was going to make another suggestion,
that there is an amendment to an amendment
pending, and the Senator from Indiana could
offer but one amendment to it; we cannot
make several amendments as I understand ; it
would be only in order to offer one.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am obliged to the
Senator from Illinois for one suggescioh. He
says the House bill has been before the Senate
and these additional five sections, were in the
House bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Substantially.
Mr. HENDRICKS. And we acted upon
the House bill. Now, liow fair is that answer?
Let the Senator turn back to the proceedings
of yesterday, controlled by himself, and an-
swer me whether the Senate has ever con-
sidered the House bill. The Senate took up
the Senate bill, went through with it section
by section, agreed upon amendments, and
after the bill had been considered in Commit-
tee of the Whole, came back into the Senate
and was ready to be voted upon, the last word
of debate had been uttered, the last amend-
ment proposed; the Senator from Illinois then
moved to take up the House bill, and offered
as a substitute for the House bill the entire
Senate bill as perfected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Indiana had noticed, quite a number of the
amendments which were offered to the Senate
bill which was pending were exact copies of
sections of the House bill. I think we had
yea and nay votes upon several of them; I
know they were offered by the Senator from
Massachusetts; the very same sections that
you now find are added by these amendments.
The. Senator from Vermont, who observed
more closely than I did, thinks he offered all
of them ; I was not sure of that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. All of those that differed
from our bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is a change of
ground, with entire respect to the Senator
from Illinois. I was answering the suggestion
made by the Senator that we had considered
the House bill and that these sections are parts
of that House bill. Now, we did not consider
the House bill. We went so far yesterday as
to amend the House bill by striking out all
after the enacting clause without reading the
House bill, and as I now recollect, the House
bill never was read in this body. So the answer
of the Senator lacks all force when he claims
that the House bill was considered at all.
What were offered in the course of debate as
amendments in the Senate to the Senate bill,
1 do not now choose to consider. The Senate
agreed to certain amendments of its own bill,
and disagreed to propositions that came from
different Senators. Whether Senators pro-
posed what now comes from the House, I do
not choose now to judge. It is not printed ;
we have not had an opportunity of examining
carefully what has come from the House; what
is the language used in the House amendments.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend allow me
to ask him a quession ? I wish to inquire for
my own information in all sincerity, whether
my friend from Indiana prefers the House bill
to the Senate bill?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am not prepared to
express any opinion as to the merits or demerits
of'the House amendments. The House bill
has never been read in the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Twice.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Not while we have
been considering the Senate bill. It might
have been read before we took up the Senate
^ Mr. ANTHONY. The House bill was read
twice at full length in the Senate, and all those
portions of the House bill which differed from
the Senate bill were, I believe, offered by the
Senator from Massachusetts, and every one of
them was voted on separately.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is what the Sen-
ator from Illinois stated. Does the Senator
from Rhode Island know that the precise prop-
ositions that now come from, the House as
amendments to the Senate bill as the Senate
passed it, agree exactly with the amendments
that were proposed in the Senate ? The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island has stated that the
amendments proposed by the House nowj
which we ought to consider, in my judgment,
were proposed in the Senate, debated, and
voted upon. I want to know from the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island whether he knows
that the amendments now coming from the
House agree in sentiment and phraseology
with the amendments that were proposed in
the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. Does the Senator wish
me to answer?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. ANTHONY.^ I cannot say that they
are in toil dern verbis, because I only listened
to tliem as they were read from the Clerk's
desk; but they struck me as being in substance
the same. I recognized the same propositions
I had been voting against all day yesterday.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the Senator
one question. I understand the House has
amended the text of the Senate bill. Were
those amendments to the Senate bill proposed
and debated in the Senate ?
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not understand that
the House has amended the text of the Senate
bill except to correct some inaccuracies. There
was an omission in the third section, a mistake
on the part of the Senate which the House has
corrected. I presume that amendment would
be accepted unanimously b£ the Senate. I
have not of coarse read the bill with that accu-
racy which would enable me to answer the
questions of the Senator from Indiana ; but I
feel confident that the differences between the
House bill and the Senate bill have been sub-
stantially acted upon and voted upon in the
Senate, and the House bill has been read in the
Senate twice.
Mr. HENDRICKS. _ In a measure of this
sort the very language is important, especially
when Congress is now in session, because the
language in the legislation of the last session
became a matter of controversy. Now the
Senator is not able to say that these amend-
ments are just the amendments that were pro-
posed in the Senate. I suppose no Senator
does know.
Mi. President, I will answer the inquiryof
the Senator from Vermont. I do not like
either the Senate bill or the House bill, and
do not expect to vote for either; but I expect
conscientiously to vote for whatever I think
will make the measure less objectionable, and
vote against whatever I believe will make the
bill more objectionable. As to weighing
propositions, neither of which commands the
approval of my judgment and conscience, in
the presence of the Senate I do not choose to
it. I" think they are both bad, and I will vote
against either and feel that I am doing my
duty to the country in doing so. That is all the
answer upon that subject.
Mr. President, I think that each Senator
ought to have the privilege of proposing amend-
ments to the amendments of the House. There
are five sections, original sections. Those sec-
tions should be considered, and amendments
should be proposed, and it should not be left to
any three Senators to control the judgment of
this body. What shall be the character of the
bill that will come to us from the committee
of conference will depend altogether upon the
pleasure of the Presiding Officer of this body
and of the House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But it will depend upon
our pleasure whether wc agree to the report.
Mr. HENDRICKS.^ In part, but their report
is not amendable ; their report is not divisible ;
the Senate has but very little control over it.
It is, then, a question of the defeat of the bill
entirely or an agreeement to theif report
entirely. The Senate is tied from the time a
report is made. There is no use of talking
about free, intelligent legislation, when we sub-
mit a question to a committee of conference.
You can reject the report, but when you reject
the report you reject the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Allow me to say that we
do not. We ean reject the report and agree
to a further conference and suit ourselves at
last to the views both of the Senator from
Indiana and my friend from Massachusetts.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Whatare the disagree-
ments how between the Senate and the House ?
Five sections come from the House, and thS *
will and .pleasure of the Senate has not been
expressed upon either one in the shape they
come here.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In the substantial shape
they come it has been.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There are five new
sections and Senators assume that there is a
disagreement upon all of them; and yet the
Senator from Illinois says there are two amend-
ments that he thinks improve the bill. I
might think so; 1 do not know to What amend-
ments he refers; but there may be a majority
of the Senate who think that those amend:
ments improve the bill. Then why can we and
wl^pught we to say that there is a disagree-
ment in regard to those two ? As far as the
action of the House lias improved the bill, the
Senate ought to say so, and where the House
has made the bill worse, the Senate ought to
say so, and then wo arrive at the disagreement;
and until we reach that point in open, free,
fair discussion and propositions of amendment,
I think we are not in a condition to send the
bill to a committee of conference.
Mr. President, I think the practice of legis-
lating through committees of conference is not
to be indulged in except when it becomes a
necessity. It is a necessary evil where laws
are the work of two separate branches of the
Legislature. They must be; I admit that; but
I have seen this practice carried, as I think, to
a vicious extent. I think they are scarcely appli-
cable upon a bill like this. An appropriation
bill is pending between the two Houses; the
question is whether $100,000 more or $100,000
less shall go to a particular object; or whether
an appropriation shall go to a particular object
at all or not; scarcely ever a question of princi-
ple, a question reaching dowii to the founda-
tions of government. There we may indulge
in the practice of settling what seems to be a
difference of opinion by committees of confer-
ence ; but when we have got to settle questions
like this, I think they ought to be settled in
open Senate and in the open House, after full
discussion and full opportunities to propose
amendments. The Senate and the House are
not free to legislate as they please when a bill
has been once sent to a committee of confer-
ence, it has gone then beyond the point of
amendment. A measure may be agreeable to
the body, but not in the shape presented, and
yet we cannot correct the evil._
My purpose in rising was simply to_ protest
against the proposed reference. I think this
bill ought to be considered in open Senate. I
am as desirous for an adjournment, I suppose,
as any Senator here. I was, perhaps, as
reluctant to come here as any Senator; but
when we are here I do not propose that the
fate of a large part of this country—ten States
of the Union—shall be submitted, by my
vote, to the judgment of three Senators and
three members of the House of Representa-
tives. When this thing is done it ought to be
done in open Senate and in open House, after
full debate and free amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Indiana
is perfectly .consistent. He is opposed to the
Senate bill; he is opposed to the House bill; •
and therefore he is opposed to a committee of
conference, which is the only mode by which
we shall have any bill. If the Senate insists
upon its amendment, and will give up nothing,
and, as the Senator from Massachusetts says,
will not trade, and the House insists on its
