614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
propositions and will give up nothing, we shall
have no legislation on this subject and we
shall have to adjourn and go home without
passing any bill, which is precisely what the
Senator from Indiana desires; and so from
his point of view he is correct.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont that the Senate non-concur in the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives and ask
for a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to ; and the President
pro tempore being authorized to appoint the
committee on the part of the Senate, Messrs.
* Trumbull, Edmunds, -and He.vdkicks were
appointed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-*
tives, by Mr. McPhekson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
127) in relation to additional bounty, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
appropriation for reconstruction.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 134) making an appropriation for the exe-
cution of the laws providing for the more effi-
cient government of the rebel States; which
was read the first time by its title. 3®
Mr. WILSON. Let the bill be read at
length.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, which pro-
poses to appropriate §1,648,277 forthepurpose
indicated.
Mr. WILSON. The amount named in the
bill is what is estimated for by the War De-
partment as necessary to carry the several acts
into effect; and if there be no objection I
should like to have the bill put on its passage
now ; if there is objection it can go over until
to-morrow. I will simply say it is necessary
to have this appropriation maue at this session.
The amount appropriated last session was
$•>00,000, and it has been more than expended
now. Money has been temporarily used from
other appropriations to the amount of $200,000
to $300,000.
The bill was read the second time by its
title.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I do not desire to make
an objection to the progress of this bill, but I
desire to be within reach to-morrow on its
final passage.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend from Mas-
sachusetts will allow me to suggest that it is
not safe to establish a precedent by which a
bill of that kind is to be passed on a simple
statement that a certain amount is the esti-
mate. The details of the estimate should be
shown ; we should know how the estimate is
made up and of what items it consists.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I was going to add,
before such a bill is put on its final passage,
I shall feel it my duty to call for a statement
of the estimates from the War Department
and the reasons why so large a sum of money
is demanded from the public Treasury, and I
also desire some explanation of our former
action on this subject.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator
that if anybody objects I am willing to let the
bill go over until to-morrow morning, when we
can have the estimates here.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
goes over under the rule.
suffrage for colored citizens.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
proceed with the consideration of Senate bill
2vo. 115.
_ Mr. GRIMES. I call for the reading of the
bill in extenso.
^ The Chief Clerk read the title as follows:
_ A bill (S. No. 115) to enforce the several pro-
visions of the Constitution abolishing slavery,
declaring the immunities of citizens, and guar-
antying a republican form of government, by
securing the elective franchise to colored cit-
izens.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the bill for consideration.
Is there objection?
Several Senators. I object.
Mr. CONKLING. I want it read for inform-
ation.
Mr. SUMNER. It is good reading.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I raise the question of
order that it is inhibited by the rule.
The PRESIDENT pro temporeAll these
questions of order arising under that rule the
Chair will submit to the Senate. The ques-
tion is, Is it in order under the late rule adopted
by the Senate to take up this bill for consider-
ation ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. And in that connection
I ask that the rule be again read. It expressly
prohibits it.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution adopted
on the 5th instant.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand that the
Chair refers that question to the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. On that I should like to
make one remark. I insist that this bill comes
clearly, plainly, obviously within the language
of the rule adopted by the Senate. By that
rule legislation is confined to removing ob-
structions to our existing acts of reconstruction
and the carrying those acts forward without
introducing new matter. Now, I insist that
the billbefore you is precisely of that character.
You have already by act of Congress given
suffrage to colored persons in the rebel States.
It is under your reconstruction acts that you
have donjs it. Senators smile or laugh even,
as if it had not been done. Does iny friend
from Maryland doubt the validity of those
acts?
Mr. JOHNSON. I laughed because the hon-
orable Senator ttmself laughed. [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. I was laughing because I
saw the honorable Senator from Maryland
laugh.
My argument is precisely this, and I ask the
attention of my honorable friend from Mary-
land to this as a lawyer. We all know his
eminence at the bar of the Supreme Court;
he has no superior; and I submit to him this:
we have already by our reconstruction acts
conferred the suffrage upon colored persons in
the rebel States; now, is it not important that
this act of legislation should be completed and
rounded by conferring the suffrage in the other
States precisely as you have conferred it in the
rebel States. I submit that to him as a ques-
tion. You have conferred it in the rebel
States.
Mr. J OHNSON. What has that to do with
the other States?
Mr. SUMNER. You have conferred it by
act of Congress in the rebel States. Will you
have that great right of suffrage depend upon
act of Congress in one half of the Union and
not upon act of Congress in the other half. If
you can do it in one half, can you not do it in
the other half? I know the answer of my
friend possibly, that in the rebel States the
very fact of rebellion will give us a power
which we have not in the other States; but
then the bill under consideration is founded
not simply upon the fact of rebellion, but
upon the clause in the Constitution by which
we are bound to guaranty a republican form
of government throughout the whole country;
also, upon the other clausc by which slavery
has been abolished throughout the whole
country, and we are empowered by proper
legislation to enforce it; also, that still other
clause by which the rights of citizens are
secured throughout the whole country, and we
are empowered by proper legislation to enforce
it. There you have the three sources of power
equally applicable to all the States, rebel or
disloyal. And now I submit that the doing it
in the loyal States is only the just complement
to your action in the rebel States.
How can you look the rebel States in the
face when you have required colored suffrage
of them and fail to require it in the other
States ? Be just; require it in the loyal States
as you have now required it in the rebel States.
There is an unanswerable argument, and I
submit it on the question of order. If we are
now privileged to consider only matters that
are. in aid of the original reconstruction meas-
ures, then I submit that this bill is in aid of
those measures, for it is to give to them com-
pleteness and roundness. Unless you pass
this bill your original measure is imperfect,
ay, it is radically unjust. -I know it is said
you have one title to legislation over the rebel
States which you have not over the loyal States,
to-wit, that they have been in rebellion ; but
the great cardinal sources of power over the
rebel State's are identical with those over the
loyal States.. They are one and the same.
There is the clause in the Constitution di-
recting you .to guaranty a republican form of
government. ' It is a clause which is like a
sleeping giant in the Constitution, never until
this recent war awakened, but now it comes
forward with a giant's power. There is no
clause in the Constitution like it. There is no
clause which gives to Congress such supreme
power over the States as that clause. Then,
as I have already said, you have the two other
clauses. Your power under the Constitution
is complete. It is not less beneficent than
complete.
However, I am not to be betrayed into the
general constitutional argument. I am now
simply on the question of order. _ I say that
this bill is essential to perfect the original recon-
struction measure. You ought not to go to
your homes after having passed your recon-
struction measure without this additional act
by which that is finished. If any Senator has
any reason to bring against this bill, if any one
can suggest any doubt about its constitution-
ality, I really should like to hear the reason for
the doubt, and I shall be ready to answer it.
I challenge discussion of the bill. I challenge
the expression of any reason against it, or of
any doubt with regard to its constitutionality ;
and I appeal to Senators to look at this meas-
ure as a great measure of expediency as -well
as of justice. How are you going to settle this
question in the loyal States ? Here are Dela-
ware, Maryland—my friend over the way will
not be sensitive when I allude to his State—
and Kentucky, in each of which this measure
is the only salvation of Union citizcns. Then
there are other States like Pennsylvania, where
this measure will give at once-—I am speaking
now on the question of expediency—twenty
thousand votes to the Union cause. There is
Indiana, too, where this bill will settle the suf-
frage question. I will say nothing about Iowa.
There is Wisconsin.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Thcyall vote there now.
Mr. SUMNER. Under the decision of the
Supreme Court. Very well; so much the
better then. There is Connecticut. Let us
secure three thousand votes in Connecticut for
the good cause. Y ou can secure them by act
of Congress. A little, short act of Congress
can determine the political fortunes of Con-
necticut for an indefinite period by securing
three thousand additional votes to the right side.
There is New York, also, where the bill would
have the same excellent, beneficent influence.
Who then can hesitate ? Look at it in any
light in which you please. Regard it as the
completion of these reconstruction measures ;
regard it as a constitutional enactment; regard
it as a measure of expediency in order to
secure those results which we all desire at the
approaching elections, and who can hesitate?
You have had no bill before you for a long time
the passage of which would be of more prac-
tical advantage than this. I hope there can be
no question about proceeding with it, and that
we may pass it before we separate to-night.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not rise to make a
speech, but only to remind the Senate that the
question now is one of order under the resolu-
tion that we have adopted. It is not a ques-
tion as to the merit of this bill. I agree with
my friend from Massachusetts that it has very
great merit. It has supreme moral merit. I
agree to every word of it. I am a little afraid,
