616
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
age under the act of June 21, 1866. I hope
that the resolution will be adopted, and the
committee allowed to consider the question at
this session.
Mr. CIIANLER. As a member of the
Committee on the Southern Railroads, in the
absence of the chairman I will state that we
are prosecuting a thorough investigation of the
relations which these roads hold toward the
Government at this time. The condition of
the stock and other property held by those
roads is still being inquired into, and this,
therefore, would be premature action on the
part of the House. We ought to know first
how the property of those southern roads now
stands, wljq holds it, and what the other facts
may be.
I think the gentleman from Indiana is mis-
taken in supposing that the property of those
roads is in the hands of enemies of the Gov-
ernment, or those who have been enemies of
the Government. It is a very mixed question.
The select committee have asked and obtained
leave to travel and inquire into the conditions
of those roads. Whjle I would not ask to keep
from the emigrant southern lands in favor of
land corporations, I certainly think it due to
the rights of vested property that this legisla-
tive body should wait until one of its own organ-
ized select committees, authorized to examine
in to this special subject, should report. While
I do not oppose the final action of the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Lands, I do
ask that we shall not act prematurely on this
subject. The stockholders of these railroads
are to bo found North, South, East, and West.
Mr. JULIAN. I am not able of course to
state what facts the gentleman has obtained
through the mediu tn of the committee of which
he is a member. I know those lands are valu-
able, large in amount, and were granted to
these States on conditions which were not
complied with, because the men whose duty it
was to comply with them, instead thereof,
engaged in war against the Government; and
I think we ought now to expose those lands to
homestead entry and settlement in common
with the other public lands of the South.
Sir, this resolution hinders no right action
that the gentleman's committee may hereafter
see fit to recommend. These lands ought to
bo available for present settlement, and if the
committee should report the bill indicated and
we should pass it, Congress could still make
any disposition of these lands, or the renewal
of those grants, that it might see fit to adopt,
lint I will modify the resolution so as to let
the committee inquire into the expediency of
reporting a bill for the purpose I have indi-
cated.
Mr. CIIANLER. This is a special ques-
tion, and should be referred to the special com-
mittee on the subject. It is not a question of
reconstruction; it is a question of vested rights
m property.
Mr. JULIAN. I submit to the House
whether this does not fairly pertain to the
question of reconstruction and the pacification
or the South and the country. The House
must, judge of this.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to ask the gentleman from New York whether
there is any pretense that loyal men are inter-
ested as stockholders in any of those roads ?
Mr. CHANLBR. Yes, sir; it is a fact before
the committee.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. In what
ease ?
Mr. CHA^iLER. Roads in Tennessee and
throughout the South. The question of loy-
alty lies at the bottom of the whole investiga-
tion by the committee, and I assure the gen-
tlemen as far as the investigation has gone you
are jeopardizing the rights of citizens who
were loyal throughout the whole war bv the
proposed action.
ri A ^kLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I would
lilre the gentleman to point out a road, and
further to state whether there is any pretense
rebellion0 t0 ^ °f th® 0ther States in
Mr. CHANLBR. Yes, sir; I understand so
from the committee.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Name
the road.
Mr. CHANLBR. I do not know; I only
give the information as a fact before the com-
mittee. It would not be right to jeopardize
the loyal'stockholders of these roads. I do
not profess to be acquainted with the names
of the roads, but I assert the fact that if you
assail the rights of these stockholders you
assail the rights of citizens who were loyal to
you through Ste whole war.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I wish
to know whether the property is not confiscated
by capture, under the laws of the United
Slates.
Mr. CHANLBR. That is a question for
the Congress to decide. It is claimed by one
side that it is so, and by the other it is denied.
I understand there are certain rights which are
exempt even under that stringent construction
of the right of conquest. I understand from
the Secretary of War, who was examined be-
fore the committee, that there is great leniency
to be exercised in certain regards toward cer-
tain roads; that the rolling stock and all the
force of those roads were us d by the directors
and corporators for the Government of the
United States during the war.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Name
any case of that sort.
Mr. CHANLBR. I assert it as a fact. I
do not know the names of the roads.- I have
not the report in my hands, but I assure you it
is the fact. I am only protecting the rights of
those in regard to whom I am charged by gen-
tlemen on the other side as having no sympa-
thy, the loyal men of the South.
Mr. J ULIAN. The resolution offered relates
to land grants in-the States of Alabama, Mis-
sissippi, Florida, and Arkansas. I wish to
know whether any of the roads to which the
gentleman refers are located in those States.
_ Mr. CHANLBR. I am under the impres-
sion that there are such roads in Alabama and
Mississippi. I do not wish to have any political
question involved ; I only wish to state to the
House,, as a member of the select committee,
that this is premature action, in my opinion.
If the House will wait until the committee re-
ports it will then have as much power to take
this property as now, and will be doingjust as
much for the promotion of emigration in De-
cember next as it could do at this session.
Mr. JULIAN. I now demand the previous
question.
Mr. WTOOD. Will the gentleman permit me
to make a single remark? I think I can cor-
rect him and the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Williams] in one very material fact with
reference to some of these southern roads.
Some of them, running through Georgia and
into Alabama, were originally constructed by
northern capitalists, a very small portion of
them being owned by southern men before the
war. During the war the confederate govern-
ment confiscated all the northern interests in
those roads, but at the close of the war that
confiscation ceased to be recognized at the
South, and the vested rights of the northern
capitalists in those roads were at once recog-
nized, and they have been paying dividends to
northern capitalists ever since.
Now, sir, I venture the assertion—and I
know nothing of the investigation which has
taken place before this special Committee on
Southern Railroads—that 'there has not been
a southern railroad constructed for the last
twe"fy years, but either New York, Boston,
or Philadelphia has furnished three fourths of
the capital required for the purpose of con-
struction. And if I am asked, as my colleague
has been, to specify a case, I will name the
Macon and Western railroad, which is owned ,
principally atthe North. The northern interests I
were confiscated since the close of the war; ;
those northern interests have been recognized I
SV'ra,nife"ed> b°oks are open m the ;
Bank of the Republic, in the city of New York; i
the original stockholders have been transfer- i
ring the stock and receiving dividends, and
there is no question as to their rights.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Will
the gentleman allow me a word of inquiry?
Will he be kind enough to state from whom
and from what quarters the recognition of
which he speaks comes, and further, whether
most of the rebel States have not contributed
to a very large extent to the construction of
those roads, and, also, whether in some in-
stances they were not the exclusive owners
thereof?
Mr. WOOD. If I understand the gentle-
man's question correctly, I will endeavor to
reply to it. I suppose that the trustees of
these roads recognized the northern stock-
holders, ancfthat their names have been placed
upon the books. I do not know that any
State government in the South has taken any
action on the question. I only state the fact,
because a relative of my own is a very large
stockholder. In reference to the general
question, I can only say that about three
fourths of the southern railroads, and three
fourths of all the railroads in the United
States, western as well as southern, have been
constructed by northern capital. The object
of this resolution is to confiscate northern
capital, to apply a rule to northern capital
because it is invested in the southern States
which has not been applied to railroads in the
West. The gentleman from Indiana knows
very well that there is scarcely one western
State that has kept its engagements with the
Government, and where Congress has not
granted an extension of time. Now, if in
consequence of the war, in consequence of
the deplorable condition of the southern •
States, the roads were not finished in time, if
the roads could not be constructed so that
these lands could be transferred to the com-
panies, I hold that the Government should
extend the same liberality to these roads that
it has extended to others, especially as north-
ern capital is invested in them.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I think
it will be found that while the appropriate de-
partments of the Government disclaim any
authority to convey any title to real estate, it
will be found that they have actually transfer-
red to the State of Georgia a very large amount
of mining stock claimed to have been identified
by the original proprietors as belonging to
them before the rebellion.
Mr; WOOD. I submit that the Congress of
the United States cannot, by any retroactive
action, disturb the interest of these men actu-
ally in possession of the land. The assump-
tion is that the land never would have been
transferred if the conditions prescribed by the
law had not been fulfilled, and I hold that the
third_ party now in occupation should not be
sustained by any premature action of the House
at this time.
Mr. JULIAN. Let me state to the gentle-
man from New York that no proposition is
made here to confiscate the propertj of north-
ern capitalists, because those northern capital-
ists, if the facts are as alleged, can unite with
the loyal men of the South in asking for a
renewal of those grants for sufficient reasons,
and Congress could undoubtedly grant it, or
allow new grants. As to the declaration of the
gentleman that we have been in the habit of
reviving and continuing these grants, it has
only been done, as I understand, where a fair
and honest effort has been made to do the
work ; but it was the intervention of the rebel-
lion that stopped the work, and not the inability
of the States to complete it. The rebels waged
war against the nation, and hence the expira-
tion of these grants by limitation.
Mr. WOOD. The northern capitalists are
not to blame for that.
Mr. JULIAN. Neither should the landless
millions of the South now be made t& suffer
by reason of it. What I ask is that the com-
mittee shall inquire into the expediency of
reporting a bill declaring the forfeiture of the
grant aud leaving all the parties hereafter to
make such showing as they can before the
