1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
617
select Committee oil Southern Railroads, or
before the. Committee on Public'Lands. No
rights pan be concluded or compromiited by
the action I propose.
I now renew the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a question of order.
My point of order is this : that the Committee
on Reconstruction, was raised for a special
purposej that when we have disposed of the
pending bill on that subject, the duties of that
committee are exhausted j that they cannot be
required to go into an investigation of lancl
titles in the southern States ; and that if the
resolution is to be referred at all, it should be
referred to some appropriate committee—not
the Committee on Reconstruction.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order on these grounds: in the first
place, the Committee on Reconstruction have
not exhausted their powers or jurisdiction, as
they have been charged with the consideration
of a Senate amendmeht to a House bill, upon
which they have not yet reported; and sec-
ondly, because the House has already referred
to that committee a bill relative to the same
subject as that embraced in this resolution j so
that the committee have already jurisdiction
of this subject without the adoption of this
resolution.
Mr. WOOD. Two wrongs do not make a
right.
The SPEAKER. The action of the House
has already given jurisdiction to the committee.
On the motion of Mr. Julian to suspend the
rules to permit the introduction of the resolu-
tion, there were—ayes 72, noes 33.
Mr. BURR called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 98, nays 34, not voting 38j as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, James M. Ash-
ley, Baker, Banks, Beaman,Benjamin, Benton,Blair,
Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland, Butler,
Churchill, Header \V. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Cullom, Dixon, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eggleston, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry,
Fields, Finney, Gravely, Halsey, Hamilton, Hayes,
Hooper, Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D.
Hubbard, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian,
Kelley, Kelsey, Kitchen, Koontz, William Lawrence,
Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, Marvin, McClurg,
Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Myers, Newcomb,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pile, Polsley,
Price, liaum, Robertson, Sawyer, Schcnck, Scofield,
Shanks, Shcllabargcr, Smith, Starkweather, Aaron
F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Trowbridge, Twich-
©11, Upson, Van Aernarn, Robert T. Van Horn, "Ward,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Henry D."Washburn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Wclkcr, Thomas Williams. Wil-
liam Williams, James F.Wilson, John T. Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, Wmdom, and "Woodbridge—98.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Barnes, Barnum,
Bingham, Boyer, Burr, Ohanler, Eldridge, Fox.Getz,
Glossbrenner, Griswoldf Haight, Ilolman, Hotchkiss,
Richard, D. Hubbard, Ixerr, Marshall, Morgan, Mun-
gen, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, Phelps, Ross, Sit-
greaves, Spalding, Stone, Taber, Taffe, Van Auken,
Van Trump, and Woocb—34.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Polos R. Ashley,
Baldwin. Blaine, Brooks, Cake. Covode, Dawes,
Dodge. Eekley, Eliot, Garfield, Harding, Hill, Hul-
hurd, Humphrey, Ketcham, Laftiii, George V. Law-
rence, Lincoln, Mallory, McCarthy, McCullough,
Morrell. Morrissey, Pike, Plants, Poland, Pomeroy,
Pruyn, Randall, Robinson, Selye, Stewart, Taylor,
Thomas, Burt Van llorn, and Van Wyck—3S.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the resolution was
introduced.
Mr. JULIAN. I now ask unanimous con-
sent to modify my resolution b}' striking out
the words 11 States of the South" and insert-
ing in lieu thereof the words "Mississippi,
Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, and Arkansas ;"
also by striking out u the Committee on Recon-
struction" and inserting "the select Committee
on Southern Railroads."
There being no objection, the resolution was
modified accordingly.
The resolution, as modified,, was adopted.
GOVERNMENT OF LOUISIANA.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a resolution for rcfcrence to the
Committee on Reconstruction. When the reso-
lution shall have been read I shall ask consent
to make a brief explanation.
The Clerk read the preamble and resolution,
as follows:
Whereas by the several acts of Congress, called
the reconstruction acts, the State government ex-
isting in Louisiana since the cessation of hostilities
has been declared to be illegal and void, which declar-
ation prevents said State or any official thereof from
selling any State bond, obligation, or evidence of
debt because of the doubt thrown on their validity;
and whereas by the overflow of the Mississippi river,
at times of high water, the most valuable and fertile
lands,heretofore protected by loveee, aro washed and
drowned and rendered wholly useloss; and whereas
it isnecessary in the comingseason oflowwator that
the levees along the banks of tho Mississippi river,
and the bayousleading therefrom, should be strength-
ened, repaired, and enlarged, so as to prevent the re-
currence of the overflow in the high w^ter of the
coming spring: Therefore,
Be it resolved, That tho Committee on Reconstruc-
tion, as one of the measures rendered necessary by
the action of Congress on reconstruction, be directed
to report forthwith a bill to tho House which shall
embody in substance the following provisions,
namely:
First. That the commanding general of the fifth
military district be hereby authorized to issue on the
credit of the State of Louisiana coupon bonds, or
registered bonds, to an amount not exceeding four
million dollars payable twenty years from date, and
bearing interest at the rate of seven and three tenths
per centum per annum, payable semi-annually;
and that the bonds thereby authorized shall be of
such denomination, not less than one hundred dol-
lars each, as may be determined on by the command-
ing general. And the commanding general may
cause such bonds to be disposed of at any time at the
market value thereof, but at not less than seventy-
five per centum of tho par value for the lawful money
of the United States.
Second. That the said bonds and the proceeds
thereof shall be applied, nnder the direction of the
State government authorized by said commanding
general, to the repairs, enlargement, and construc-
tion of levees to protect the lands in said State from
overflow, or for opening such bayous and outlets as
may be necessary for the same purpose, and for no
other purpose or use whatever; and the application
or diversion of the proceeds of said bonds iroin the
purpose and use contemplated by said act by any per-
son whatevershall be a misdemeanor, punishable by
a fine not exceeding the amount so diverted, and by
imprisonment not less than one year nor more than
five years, at the discretion of the circuit court of the
United States, which shall have jurisdiction to try
such offenses.
Third. For the payment of these bonds a perpetual
lien shall bo declared upon all the lands benefited or
protected by such repairs, construction, and enlarge-
ment of such levee, or by tho draining thereof by tho
opening of such bayous and outlets. And such lands
shall be divided into three separateclasses, according
to the degree of benefit derived by them from such
expenditure, and a proportionate tax shall bo lovied
thereon sufficient to pay the semi-annual interest on
said bonds, and to form a sinking fund adequate to
pay the same at tho end of said twenty years; and
the several amounts payable to said sinking fund as
they accrue shall be invested in United States regis-
tered securities only, which shall be sold and disposed
of by the State authorities for the purpose only of
paying said bonds; and when said sinking fund shall
amount to enough to cancel said bonds and to pay
the interest thereon, such taxation and levy snail
cease.
Fourth. And as this act is for the benefit of the
people of saidState, andtorelievethcm from thedis-
asters of flood and overflow, it shall be made a condi-
tion of the restoration of said State to its political
rights in the Union, and ofthe acceptance of its frame
of government by the Congress of the United States,
that the constitution thereof as accepted by the
people shall contain apt and competent provisions
for the assumption oftlie obligation of said bonds by
the State, and for the taxation and payment of the
interest and principal thereof at the times and in the
manner provided by said act, to which condition
shall be embodied in the resolution or act of Con-
gress accepting such constitution, and providing for
the restoration of the State of Louisiana to her
political rights and privileges as a State under the
provisions of the several reconstruction acts and the
acts supplemental thereto.
Fifth. The proceeds of said bondsshall bo paid into
the treasury of the State of Louisiana, and so much
thereof as may not be expended held there under the
direction of the commanding general for tho pur-
poses above specified until such State is restored to
its political rights; and the work of construction, en-
largement, and repairs of such levees shall be dono
and carried on under the direction of such command-
ing general until said State is so restored, in such
manner and by such commissioners as he may deem
expedient, and after such restoration, by a board of
three commissioners,to bo chosen by concurrent vote
of both Houses of the Legislature of such State,
which board shall be provided for m tho constitu-
tion thereof.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
Mr. BUTLER. I move to suspend the
rules.
The rules were not suspended.
j. sciiiffer and company.
On motion of ill*. WASHBURN, of Indi-
ana, leave was granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the papers in the case
of J. SchifFer & Co.; and the same were referred
to the Committee of Claims.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Reconstruction, reported back
the Senate amendment to House bill No. 123,
entitled "An act supplementary to an act en-
titled 'An act to provide for the more efficient
government of the rebel States,' passed on the
2d day of March, 1807, and the act supple-
mentary thereto, passed on the 23d day of
March, 1867," with the following amend-
ments:"
First amendment:
Strike out tho first section, as follows:
That the true intent and meaning of tho act to
provide for the more efficient government of the
rebel States, passed March 2, anno Domini 1867,
was, is, and shall be construed to bo that the mili-
tary authority of the United States in said rebel
States, as provided in said act, was and is paramount
to any civil government existing therein, makes all
such civil governments subordinate to such military
authority, and prohibits them from interfering in
any way with the exercise of such military authority,
and in lieu thereof insert the following:
That it is hereby declared to have been tho true
intent and meaningof the act of the 2d day of March,
18*57, entitled "An act to provide for tho more effi-
cient government of the rebel States," and the aot
supplementary thereto, passed the 2Sd of March,
1307, that the governments then existing in the rebel
States of Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia, Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana, Florida,
Texas, and Arkansas were illegal; and that there-
after said governments, if continued, were to be
continued subject in all respects to tho military
commanders of the respective districts, and to tho
authority of Congress.
Second amendment:
Amend tho second section by striking out the words
" subject to the approval of thoGoneral of the Armies
of the United States" in the second, third, arid fourth
lines; and also the words "subject to tho approval
of the General aforesaid" in tho thirteenth and four-
teenth lines, and at tho end of the section adding the
following:
And to fill vacancies occasioned by death or res-
ignation; and the district commander whenever he
shall deem it necessary, shall have power to suspend,
set aside, or afiirm any act or proceeding of any State
government, or any municipal or other division
thereof, or any act or thing done under or by virtue
of its authority.
Sec. 2. And he it further enacted. That tho com-
mander of any district named in said acts shall have
power, whenever in the opinion of such commander
the proper administration of said acts shall require
it, to suspend or remove from office, or from the per-
formance of official duties and theexerciso of official
powers, any officer pr person holding or exercising,
or professing to hold or exorcise, any civil or mili-
tary offico or duty in such district under any power,
election, appointment, or authority derived from or
granted by or claimed under any so-ealled Stato or
the government thereof, or any municipal or other
division thereof, and upon such suspension or re-
moval such commander shall have power to provide
from time to time for the performance of the said
duties of such officer or person so suspended or re-
moved by the detail of some competent officer or sol-
dier ofthe Army, or by tho appointment of some
other person to perform the same, and to fill vacan-
cies occasioned, &c.
Third amendment:
Amend the third section by adding tho word " ap-
pointment" after tho word "removal" in tho third
line; so it will read:
Sec. 3. And be At further enacted, That the General
of the Army of the United States shall be invested
with all the powers of suspension, removal, appoint-
ment, and detail granted in the preceding section to
district commanders. ^
Fourth amendment:
Amend the fourth section by adding at tho end
thereof the following: "And it shall be the duty of
such commander to remove from offico, as aforesaid,
all persons who are disloyal to the Government of
the United States, or who use their official influence
in any manner to hinder, delay, prevent, or obstruct
the duo and proper administration of this act and
the acts to which it is supplementaryso it will read:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the acts of
the officers of the Army already done in removing m-
said districts persons exercising the functions of' civil
officers, and appointing others in their stead, aro
hereby confirmed: Provided, That any person here-
tofore or hereafter appointed by any district com-
mander to exercise the functions of any civil offico
maybe removed either by the military officer in com-
mand of the district or by the General of tho Army,
and it shall be the duty of such coinmandei, &c.
Fifth amendment:
Amend the fifth section by striking out from the
word "before" in the seventh line to the word'4 act"
in the tenth line, inclusive, and inserting in lieu
thereof: "to admit to registration only such per-
sons as they may deem entitled to he registered by
the acts aforesaid;" and by striking: out these words:
" but in every case of refusal by the board to register
an applicant; and in every case of striking his name
from the list as hereinafter provided, the board shall
make a note or memorandum, which shall be re-
turned with the registration list to the commanding
