618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
general of the district, setting forth the ground of
sueli refusal, or such striking irom the list: Provided,
That no person shall be disqualified as member of
any boaid of registration by reason of race or color;"
so it will read:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the boards
of registration provided for in the act entitled " An
act supplementary to an act entitled * An act to pro-
vide lor the more efficient government of the rebel
States/ passed March 2,1867, and to facilitate restora-
tion,'' passed March 28,1867, shall have power, and
it shall be their duty to admit to registration only
such persons as they may d.eem entitled to be regis-
tered by the acts aforesaid, and the oath required by
said act shall not be conclusive on such question, and
no person shall be registered unless such board shall
decide that he is entitled thereto; and such board
shall also have power to examine, under oath, (to be
administered by any member of such board,) anyone
touching the qualification of any peison claiming
registration.
The sixth, section of the Senate substitute
was reported unamended, as follows:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the true in-
tent and meaning of the oath proscribed in said sup-
plementary act is (among other thifigs) that no per-
son who has been a member ol the Legislature of any
State, or who has held any executive or judicial office
in any State, whether he has taken an oath to support
the Constitution of the United States or not, and
whether he was holding such office at the time of the
rebellion, or had held it before, and who has after-
ward engaged in insurrection or rebellion against
the United States, or given aid or comfort to the
enemies thereof, is entitled to be registered or to
vote; and the words "executive or judicial office in
any State" m said oath mentioned snail be construed
to include ail civil oliiees created by law for the ad-
ministration of the general laws of a State.
Sixth amendment;
In line six of section seven strike out "twenty"
and insert "fourteenso that the section will read
as follows:
Slc. 7. And be it further enacted, That the time for
completing the original registration provided for m
said act may, in the discretion of the commander of t
any district, be extended to the 1st day of October,'
i&>f; and tlieboaidsof registrationshall have power,
and it shall be their duty, commencing fourteen days
pi lor to any election under said act, and upon reason-
able public notice of the time and place thereof, to re-
vise, for a period of five days the registration lists,
and upon being satisfied that any person not entitled
thereto bas been registered to strike the name of such
peison from the list, and such person shall not be
allowed to vote. And such board shall also, during
the same peuod. add to such registry the names of
ail persons who at that time possess the qualifica-
tions lequired by said aet who have not been already
registered; and no person shall, at any time, bo
entitled to be registered or to vote by reason of any
executive paidon or amnesty for any act or thing
which, without such pardon or amnesty, would dis-
qualify him from registration or voting.
The eighth and ninth sections were repoited
unamended, as follows:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That section four
of said last named act shall be construed to authorize
the commanding general named therein, whenever
In; shall deem it needful, to remove any member of a
board of registration and to appoint another in his
f toad, and to fill any vacancy iu such board.
Si:c. (J. And be it further enacted, That all the pro-
visions of tins act and of the acts to which this is"
supplementaiy shsili i.e construed liberally, to the
end that all the intent thereof may be fully and
perfectly carried out.
Tiie next amendment of the committee was
to add to the substitute of the Senate the fol-
lowing sections:
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That no civil
eouilftpf iho United States or of any State shall have
jun^ffietion of any aetion or proceeding, civil or crim-
inal, against any such distiict commander, or any
oiucer or person acting by his authority, for or on
account ol the discharge of the duties imposed upon
him by this act or the acts to which it is supplemen-
tary.
Sue. 11. And be it further enacted, That no district
commander shall be relieved firnn the command as-
signed to him under the aforesaid acts, unless the
Senato shall have first advised and consented thereto,
or unless by sentence of court-martial he shall be
eashi^ed or dismissed from the Army, or in arrest
for an oifensepunishableby dismissal from the Army,
or disqualified by sickness for the performance of his
duties.
Sfo. 12. And he it further enacted, That any person
or persons who shall pievent or attempt to prevent
or obstruct the execution of this act or either of the
acts to which this act is supplementary, shall be
guilty of a misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof
shall be fined in a sum not exceeding $5,000, or im-
pnsoned one year, or both, at the discretion of the
com t.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted. That all members
of said ooards of registration, and all persons hold-
ing office m said military districts, under State or
municipal authority, or by detail or appointment of
tne district commanders, shall be required to take
and to subscribe the oath of office prescribed by law
for the officers of the United States.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted. That no district
commander or member of the board of registration,
or the officers or appointees acting under them,
shall pay any regard to the opinions or directions of
the Attorney General or any other officer of the Gov-
ernment, unless so directed by Congress.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. _ I desire
to make a motion to recommit the bill for the
purpose of allowing debate to go on.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to correct
an omission by adding a proviso at the end of
section twelve. I am informed that it was the
intention of the committee to report it.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I will
allow it to be offered.
The Clerk read the proviso, as follows:
Provided, This section shall not extend to or in-
clude any offense or offenses of which the military
authorities may have or take jurisdiction under the
provisions of this act or the acts to which it is sup-
plementary.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I ask if there is not an
error in the last line of the sixth section. In-
stead of the words "of the general laws of a
State," it should be " of any general law of a
State.''
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I now
move to recommit the bill.
The SPEAKER. Before the House can
vote on these various amendments that motion
will have to be withdrawn.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I know
that; but I desire to allow several gentlemen
to speak.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would like to hear
from the gentleman from Pennsylvania ill re-
gard to this last section. I think the commit-
tee has inadvertently put language in that sec-
tion which they dirt not intend. The section as
it now stands provides that the boards of regis-
tration shall not give attention to any opinion
of any officer of the Government. I think that
it would be better to say that they shall not be
bound by the opinion of any officer of the Uni-
ted States. They may ask the opinion of the
general commanding, but they should not be
bound by it. That they shall not regard the
opinion of anybody, is not a good phrase. I
will therefore move, at the proper time, to
substitute the language of the section of tlie
House bill. I understand that the chairman of
the committee [Mr. Stevexs] has no objection
to that.
The SPEAKER. That can be done when
the amendments shall be reached after the
motion to recommit shall be withdrawn if the
House intends to act on the amendments sepa-
rately.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, I give notice
of that amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand that the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell,] in the four-
teenth line of the sixth section, is to insert the
word "any" before the word "general." I
suggest to the gentleman that that may not ac-
complish what he desires. That last clause now
is a mere reenactment of the opinion of the
Attorney General, that the words " executive
or judicial office in any State" shall be con-
strued to include all civil officers created by law
for the administration of the general laws of
the State. I do not see that that yet gets rid of
the difficulty that I apprehend exists. That
difficulty is this: as the section now stands no
one who holds an office created for the admin-
istration of municipal acts, such as for the in-
corporation of cities or towns, becomes amen-
able to its provisions. The consequence of
that would be that the mayor of Mobile, in
reference to whose action on one occasion the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
had some reason to complain, or Mayor Mon-
roe, of New Orleans, who undertook to dispose
of a convention because it did not answer his
purpose, would be perfectly competent to be
registered or to hold office. I think we ought
to be more specific. I think wc ought to include
not only all civil officers created for the admin-
istration of any general law of a State, but to
add to the section some such words as these,
"or for the administration of justice or the
keeping of the public peace.'' Then all mayors
and all marshals of towns, and all persons whose
duty it is to keep the public peace, and to act
as magistrates m administering justice, will fall
within the provisions of the law. It seems to
me that they constitute a large class of persons
upon whom devolve such responsibilities that
they ought to be included.
I would therefore move, instead of the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, to add the words which I have
suggested, " or for the administration of justice
or the keeping of the public peace," so that
any civil officer who is charged in any way
with the administration of justice or with the
keeping of the public peace shall be held to
come within the description of "civil officer."
Mr. WOOD. I would ask whether the bill
will not be acted on by sections, so that tho
gentleman can offer his amendment where it
legitimately belongs?
The SPEAKER. The amendments proposed
by the Committee on Reconstruction will be
acted upon separately.
Mr. WOOD. Do I understand, that this
whole question is open to debate?
The SPEAKER. It is open to debate on
the amendments.
Mr. WOOD. Then I desire to say one or
two words. Although this bill is obnoxious to
all the objections that applied to the bill as
originally reported, inasmuch as it is in direct
antagonism to the Constitution of the United
States, is calculated to delay the matter of
reconstruction, is all wrong, and can never be
practically executed, yet in my judgment it is
in detail somewhat of an improvement on the
bill of the House.
1 hope, Mr. Speaker, that the ambiguous
phraseology of several sections of the bill now
reported by the committee may be corrected,
so that there can be no difficulty hereafter in
knowing exactly the wishes of Congress in ref-
erence to reconstruction.
, Now, sir, in the second section the com-
mittee propose to strike out lines three, four,
and five, which give a discretionary power to
the General of the Army of the United States ;
thus showing, permit me to say in passing, a
very extraordinary distrust of General Grant.
But the third section, in reference to the power
of appointment, appears to me in conflict with
the provisions of the second section. Again,
by the sixth section all State officers are ex-
cluded from registry. Is this to be understood
as applying to municipal officers? Are village
officers excluded? Are county officers ex-
cluded?
Now, sir, in my judgment the committee
should have so perfected the details of this
bill as to render impossible a resort to the
opinion of the Attorney General, so that Con-
gress may not he again called together to re-
move any supposed obstruction in that direc-
tion. Although we on this side of the House
cannot consent to the principles upon which
this bill is founded, we are honestly desirous
that the subject shall be disposed of; and for
the purpose of disposing of it at once and
forever, we desire a .bill, plain, simple, and
unequivocal in its provisions, so that there may
be hereafter no difficulty on the part of the
boards of registry in comprehending what
classcs of individuals they may enroll, and
what classes are to be excluded ; and that
there may be a uniformity of action on the
part of the commanding generals. The action
of Congress at this time should be definite
and unequivocal. Hence I think it is the duty
of the Committee on Reconstruction, if the bill
shall be recommitted, as I trust it will be, to
examine again the phraseology of this pro-
posed act, weighing well the differences be-
tween this bill and the bill of the Senate. The
bill of the Senate seems to me decidedly pref-
erable. It contains fewer sections, and its
provisions are clothed in less ambiguous lan-
guage. They are easy to bo comprehended.
There is no attempt in that bill, as we attempt
here, to enfranchise all of one race and dis-
franchise all of another. There is no attempt
in that bill to place the power of removal and
appointment exclusively in the hands of the
military. There is no attempt in that bill to
