1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. .
time spent in executive Session, the doors were
reopened at half past one o'clock, when the
Senate took a recess for three quarters of an
hour.
The Senate was again called to order at a
quarter past two o'clock.
RECONSTRUCTION.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of
the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No.
123) supplementary to an act entitled " An act
to provide for the more efficient government
of the rebel States," passed on the 2d day of
March, 18G7, and the act supplementary thereto,
passed on the 23d day of March, 1807.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two IIouscs on the amendments to the
bill (h. It. No. 123) supplementary to an act entitled
"An act to provide forthemoroeiiicient government
of the rebel States," passed on the 2d day of March,
1867, and the act supplementary thereto, passed on
the 23d of March, 1867. haying met, after lull and freo
conference have agreed to recommend, anddorecom-
mend, to their respective Houses, as follows:
Thai the Senate agree to the first amendment of
the House^ith the following amendments : in line
ten strike out the word "illegal0 and in lieu thereof
insert "not legal State governments;" in lino thir-
teen, before the word "authority," insert the word
"paramount;" and that the House agree tothesame
as amended.
That the House recede from its second amendment
to the amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
second section of tho Senate amendment amended as
follows: Inline three strike out the word "approval"
and insert "disapproval;" in line four, after the word
"States" insert "and to have effect till disap-
proved;" in lino seventeen strike out the word
"approved" and insert "disapproved;" in line sev-
enteen after the word "general" insert the word
"as;" and add at the end of the section, "and to fill
vacancies occasioned by death, resignation, or other-
wise;" and that the Senate agree tothesame.
That the Senate agree to the amendment of the
House to the third section of the amendment of the
Senate.
That tho Senate agree to the amendment of tho
House to the fourth section of the amendment of the
Senate.
That tho House recede from its amendments to the
fifth section of the amendment of the Senate.
That the House recede from its amendments to the
sixth section of the amendment of the Senate and
agree to the same with the following amendments:
strike out the word "time" in the ninth line and in
lieu thereof insert'"commencement;" in line seven-
teen strike out the words ''the general laws" and in
lieu thereof insert "any general law;" and at the
end of line seventeen add "or for the administration
of justice;" and that the Senate agree to the same as
amended.
That the Senate agree to the amendment of the
House to the seventh bection of the amendment of the
Senate.
That the House recede from its amendments adding
sections nine, ten, and eldven, being House amend-
ments eight, nine, and ten.
That the Senate agree to the House amendment
eleven, numbered section twelve, with the following
amendments: strike out the word "holding" after
the word "persons" in line two and in lieu thereof
insert the words "hereafter elected or appointed to;"
insert the words "any so-called" before tho word
"State" in line three; and that the House agree to
the same.
That the Senate agree to the twelfth amendment
of the House, numbered section thirteen, with the
following amendment: insert the word "civil" before
the word "officer" in the fifth line, and that the
House agree to the same,
That the Senate agree to the thirteenth amend-
ment of the Houseu amended as follows: in line one
strike out "fourteen" and insert " eleven."
L. TRUMBULL,
G. F. EDMUNDS.
T. A. HENDRICKS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
T. STEVENS.
G. S. BOUT WELL,
W. S. HOLM AN,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have some
explanation of this report, for following it as
closely as I was able to I am still left in some
doubt as to the extent of the change which has
been made. I should like to ask my friend in
what condition section twelve of the House
amendments is left.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senate agrees to
section twelve of the House amendment with
amendments. If the Senator has it before him
he will see that the amendment is by striking
out the word "holding" in the second line
and inserting in lieu thereof'' hereafter elected
40tii Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 40.
or appointed to; " and then in the next line by
inserting the words " any so-called ; " so that
the section as reported by the committee on
conference will read:
That all members of said boards of registration,
and all persons hereafter elected or appointed to any
ofTu'.ft in said military districts under any so-called
State or municipal authority.or bydeta.il or appoint-
ment of the district commanders, shall be required to
take and to subsoribe the oath of office prescribed by
law for officers of the United States.
• I shall be very happy to answer any ques-
tion, or to make any explanation in my power,
to enable any member of the Senate to under-
stand exactly the condition of the bill as re-
ported by the committee of conference. I would
go on and make a statement as to all the
amendments; but 1 apprehend it would be
very difficult to make it so clearly as to have
it understood without attention being called to
the particular amendments. If there is any
particular amendment that the Senate does
not understand, or any Senator, I shall be very
happy to afford any information. I believe I
have answered the question of the Senator
from Massachusetts so that he will understand
exactly what the change is.
Mr. SUMNElt. I do now. The change, as
I understand it, is to make this clause pros-
pective instead of being at once prospective
and retroactive. As it came from the House
it practically vacated all existing offices. In
that respect, I must say in all frankness, I pre-
fer the proposition as it came originally from
the House of Representatives. 1 regret that
our committee felt obliged to require any such
change. And now, as we are about to dismiss
thisj subject for the present session, I cannot
forbear again expressing my regret that the
measure has not been made more complete, in
one word, more radical. This is the third bill
of reconstruction 5n which we have been called
to act. We ought never to have acted on more
than one; and had the Senate been sufficiently
radical, had it founded its bill on clear, defi-
nite principle, there would have been no occa-
sion for more than one; Just to the extent to
which we have failed to found ourselves on
clear, definite principle our tills have failed;
and should there be a failure hereafter under
the present bill it will be precisely on that
account. I shall never cease to lament that
Congress did not at once assume jurisdiction
of this whole region, and establish civil gov-
ernments in the exercise of its plenary author-
ity under the Constitution of the United States,
givingto those governments ample military sup-
port. Such a measure of reconstruction would
have been founded 011 principles which "would
defy the criticism of history. I hope that what
we have done will hereafter bejudged leniently.
I know, however, that it is not above criticism.
Of course such a measure would have removed
out of sight all the existing State governments
and municipal governments which have been
set up there by rebel authority or by the Pres-
ident in the cxercise of a usurped authority.
And now I think it is not too late to do this
last work ; even if you decline to establish civil
governments, I think that under your military
bill you should if o forward and brush away all
the existing governments there. - From the
information that comes to me privately and
publicly out of every one of the rebel States
I am led to this conclusion. Those govern-
ments, whether State or municipal, are just so
many centers of rebel influence. They stand
in the way of reconstruction. They prevent
the beneficent operation of your legislation.
However, the Senate has declined to enter
upon that path. I regret it, and I now at this
last moment record my regret.
Again, the Senate has declined to require of
these people certain conditions which I think
essential to a system -of republican govern-
ment. One of these is a system of public
education. I shall never cease to lament that
there has been a failure in that regard. I have
now in my hands a paper from New Orleans,
which has come to me since I have been at
my desk to-day, of July 9, 1867—it is a paper
I believe edited by colored persons, and an
excellent paper it is, The New Orleans Tri-
bune—which contains an article entitled "Pub-
lic Schools," from which I will read a brief
sentence:
''"Who will open the public schools to all children?
Wo are of opinion that it will only be done by a col-
ored mayor with colored members of the city eoum:'il-
This opinion is justified by facts."
The_ article then goes on to set forth the
impediments which they have found in the Way
of public schools. And yet in the face of such
intelligence from the rebel States, we have
declined to require a system of public educa-
tion as an essential element in these new gov-
ernments. I regret it; and I desire again to
record my regret.
I fear, also, Mr. President, that in the oper-
ation of this bill you will find that we have not
been sufficiently explicit in the exclusion of
rebel influence. I have made my best effort
to remove doubts on the existing bill and to
add to the exclusion. In saying that, I desire,
however, to remark that I regard all exclu-
sions as belonging to what I call the transition
period. When reconstruction is accomplished
then tho time will come for us to open the
gates, but not till then.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I am a
little surprised at the course of my friend from
Massachusetts. The committee of conference
was charged with a eertaiu duty as I supposed,
which was to meet with the conferees of the
House and endeavor to agree with those con-
ferees in carrying a bill, in regard to the details
of which the two Houses had disagreed, in such
a way on our part as to carry out the views of
the Senate. Now the Senator from Massachu-
setts must know that we had no jurisdiction
over this question of schools. There was no
such provision in the bill. So far from it, the
Senate had voted down his educational prop-
osition refused to entertain it. Then what
could the committee do ? He certainly could
not expect the committee of conference, against
the vote of the Senate, to put such a clause in
this report.
Mr. SUMNER. I hojje the Senator will
understand me as not making any criticism on
the committee. I was simply speaking of the
bill in this final form.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The question before the
Senate is on agreeing to the report of the com-
mittee of conference. The conferees of the
Senate endeavored to carry out the views of
the Senate, and we think we have substantially
done so. We have preserved in the bill which
is reported all the features which were in the
bill passed by tlue Senate. 1 think there is
no change that materially affects the bill as we
passed it.
We have also been compelled to accept some
amendments made by the House. I think the
amendments that we have agreed to accept in
order to produce harmony between the two
Houses are of a character thUt do not mate-
rially affect the bill as it was passed by the Sen-
ate ; and I believe the bill now as it comes
back from the committee of conference is
substantially the bill as the Senate matured it
and sent it to the other House. This is all we
could do as a committee of conference. Cer-
tainly the Senator's remarks now upon this
question of agreeing to the report of the com-
mittee, going to show that the original bill
was not right, are entirely out of place, it
seems to me, because we are by 110 means re-
sponsible for not having such a bill as the
Senator wanted. We should be responsible
to the Senate if we had reported a bill from
this committee substantially different from the
views of the Senate as expressed in the pas-
sage of its bill. That I think we have not
done.
Now, sir, I have not gone into an explana-
tion of these various amendments. I state,
however, to the Senate that the bill as-reported
by the committee" of conference embraces, as
I think, substantially the bill as it passed the
Senate, and that it has no new features incor-
porated into it materially affecting the bill as
we passed it. If any Senator desires informa-
