626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
tion as to any particular section I shall be most
happy to give it.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the committee of conference if section
nine of the House amendments is retained or
stricken out?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Section' nine of the
House amendments was disagreed to by the
committee of conference, and is stricken out.
Mr. THAYER. That is the section prohib-
iting civil courts from certain interference.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; that is left out.
Mr. THAYER. And also sections ten,
eleven, and twelve ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; section twelve is
retained with a slight amendment; sections
ten and eleven are stricken out.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I may be excused per-
haps for imitating the example of the Senator
from Massachusetts and making an explana-
tion, though I have no solemn protests to re-
cord or regrets to express about this business.
I was on the committee of conference—not
representing myself on that committee as I
understood, but representing the Senate, and
felt it to be my duty to secure, as far as my
influence would go, the will of the Senate as it
had been expressed on questions of disagree-
ment between the two Houses. I think the
result of the conference has been to secure
substantially the pleasure of the Senate as it
had been expressed in the votes during the
List few days. But perhaps it is due to myself
to say that in signing the report I did not give
my personal approval to the result of this
legislation, nor to all the matters that find
their way into this report; but as a represent-
ative of the Senate I thought it my right and
my duty to sign the report, inasmuch as it sub-
stantially secured the will of the Senate, that
is of the majority of this body.
In one or two particulars I do not like this
bill as well as I did the Senate bill. The first
section of the Senate bill was a franker state-
ment and a more logical statement of this legis-
lation than this first section, as it now stands
upon the report of the committee. Indeed,
much of this section, as it comes from the
House of Representatives, has not very much
force or intelligence in it. It declares in the
first part just what was declared in the legisla-
tion of last March: that the southern State
governments are not legal; and then it is
stated .that said governments, if contiuued,
were to be continued subject in all respects
to the military commanders of the respective
districts and to the paramount authority of
Congress. That is substantially declared in
the first section of the Senate bill.
I could not, if voting on my own account,
at all have supported the twelfth section ; but
the modification which the committee secured
made it less offensive to me than it was as it
came from the House. The oath which is to
be required of southern office-holders hereafter,
as the House framed the bill, was required of
all now in office. The effect would have been
to drive every man in the southern States hold-
ing office under the State governments from
office if he could not take this oath. As the
section now stands it requires the oath only
of those who may be hereafter elected or ap-
pointed; so that it stands now less objection-
able, in my judgment, than the section as it
came from the House, and never as I thought
to the wish of the Senate.
The thirteenth section I thought ought never
to find its way into any act of Congress:
No district commander or member of the board of
registration, or any of the officers or appointees act-
ing under them, shaft be bound ill his action by any
opinion of any civil officer of the United Stales.
I suppose the purpose of that is to declare that
in the administration of this law and the laws
to which it is amendatory the officers shall
not be bound by the opinion of the Attorney
General. I do not think Congress ought to
make a declaration of that sort in any law.
It has been the policy of the Government from
the first to provide to the Cabinet and the
President an adviser upon law questions. It
has been found a wise policy; the^Attorney
General has been found a useful public officer;
and to say that a subordinate officer, who
-may have no knowledge whatever of Jaw, shall
be authorized to disregard the opinion of the
Attorney General of the United States upon
the construction of the law which that officer
is to execute is to assert a higher intelligence
and higher integrity in that subordinate officer
than is presumed to be found in the^ Attorney
General—a contradiction to the policy of the
Government from almost, if not altogether
from, its foundation. A registrar of votes is
authorized by this bill to say that the opinion
of the Attorney General, if it shall be given
in regard to this law, is not the correct con-
struction of the law. I suppose that the opin-
ion of the Attorney General is not binding on
any officer of the Government in one sense.
It is not binding in the sense that a superior
officer may issue an order to an inferior officer
which that inferior ought to and must obey;
but the opinion of the Attorney General is
addressed to the judgment, and ought cer-
tainly to receive the respectful consideration,
of any officer who is called upon to execute
any law upon which.that opinion may be ex-
pressed ; and is there such a crisis in our affairs
that we are authorized to reverse a policy which
has been found so useful and so wise?
Mr. JOHNSON. Does that section relate to
the President?
Mr. HENDRICKS. The section relates to
any officer who gives an opinion ; but it would
not relate to the President if the President
issued an order. Practically, this section is not
hurtful. The President will yet take the advice
of the Attorney General, I presume ; and if he
believes that advice to be sound, upon it he
will issue the proper orders as the superior in
command of the Army, as 3t the head of the
administration of the laws; and that order
must be obeyed by all inferior officers. While
the inferior may not regard, in his judgment,
the opinion of the Attorney General, he must
obey the order that comes from his superior;
so that the section itself, practically, is not
hurtful perhaps; but in my judgment it is a
blot upon the legislation of the country and not
creditable to the intelligence of Congress.
I regret very much that the officers of the
State governments are required to^take what
is called the iron-clad oath. I think it is in-
consistent with what Congress proposes to do.
Does Congress undertake to regulate these
State governments which in its very law it de-
clares to have no legal foundation ? It is com-
petent for Congress to require of officers who
may be appointed under this law and under the
laws to which this is an amendment to take
any oath that may be prescribed; but for Con-
gress to go beyond that and prescribe the oath
which shall be taken by an officer in a govern-
ment which Congress declares not to be legal
is in my judgment simply an absurdity. But I
hope it will not be hurtful. The opinion has
been expressed to me by a very well-informed
gentleman that it will be difficult to find in very
many localities persons to fill the local and, in
many instances, important offices under the
State governments if this becomes a law. If a
practical inconvenience be found I will trust
to the fairness of Congress to remove the trou-
ble. I believe one of the commanding generals
in a letter recently written has expressed the
opinion that if all the class of men who would
fall within the provisions of this section be
excluded from public office, government must
suffer for the want of intelligence and integrity
in the service; and with that information from
one general, who 1 believe commands in a very
high degree the confidence of the majority in
Congress, we enact this section. It did not
command the approval of my judgment; but 1
was not advised that it was offensive to the
majority -of the Senate, and therefore I felt
authorized as representing the Senate to sign
the report of the conference committee which
contained that section.
I was very much gratified that we were able
to reject the ninth section altogether as it came
from the House, which provided that no man
should be heard in court for any wrong done
to him by any officer under the pretense of the
authority of this legislation. It could not be
heard in any court, State or Federal. The fact
that the man was acting under the color of this
legislation was to be a complete answer to the
suit. Whether he went beyond the legislation
and did a willful, cruel, and malicious wrong
to a man mattered not if this section had con-
tinued.
So I was gratified that we were able to reject
the tenth section. That section undertook to
strip the President of his authority as Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army. I thought I
knew the sentiment of the Senate upon that
subject, that if we had agreed to that section
the report could not have been adopted in this
body. Whenever the question has been raised
in the Senate the proposition to strip the Pres-
ident of a constitutional authority and to relieve
him from constitutional duties has failed in the
Senate. He is the Commander-in-Chief of the
Army. We cannot say that he is less, nor take
from him any power which ho possesses right-
fully as such commandcr.
So I was gratified that the eleventh section
was stricken out, which undertook—I believe
it might be expressed in a very few words—to
lay a foundation for impeaching somebody ; to
declare that in any way to disregard the obli-
gations of this law should be a misdemeanor
and subject the person to punishment. What
particular act should be punished was not de-
fined ; but any effort to interfere with the exe-
cution of this law by anybody should subject
that party to a punishment for a misdemeanor.
Of course the Senate could not agree to that.
There are too many obvious reasons why they
could not. Crime should be exactly and accu-
rately defined, and it would be an odious thing
to punish a man upon such a general descrip-
tion and definition of an offense as that. Yen
would have to go beyond the limits of Europe
t.o find such a definition of a crime, I think, as
that. You would have to go into the despot-
isms of Asia. When a man is to be punished
he is to be advised in advance what is the
thing required of him or forbidden.
Mr. President, I did not intend to extend
my remarks so far. I intended to say that I
signed this report, not as expressing my indi-
vidual views upon the several propositions,
but as expressing, as far as I could ascertain,
the pleasure of the majority of this body. I
sigued it in a representative capacity, the rep-
resentative upon that committee of the pleasure
of the Senate ; and I think I am authorized to
say that, with the exception of the section
numbered twelve as it comes from the House
and section thirteen as it comes from the
House, the will of the Senate has prevailed in
this report. I judge from the votes of the Sen-
ate that have been given for several days past.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to say in re-
gard to this thirteenth section that as an inde-
pendent proposition it does not meet my ap-
probation. I should prefer that it was not in
the report. But, sir, it was insisted upon by
the conferees on the part of the House, and as
has been stated by the Senator from Indiana
there were other sections which the House had
added to our bill that we thought, of vital im-
portance to have stricken out. This one I did
not think would have any practical importance
to defeat the_ operation of the bill. I think
myselfit was in bad taste to insert this section
in it. I do not believe that without this sec-
tion an officer charged with a duty, a civil offi-
cer acting as a judge at an election is to be
bound by the opinions of anybody else. He
should pay proper respect to the opinions of
persons who are supposed to understand the
questions which he is to decide and about
which they express opinions ; but if I was act-
ing as a judge of an election, or'as a justice of
the peace, or in any other capacity where- I
had a discretion imposed upon me, 1 would not
recognize the authority of anybody to bind me
in giving a decision, though I should doubtless
be disposed to follow the opinions of those who
