1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
627
I thought might uriderst&nd the questions bet-
ter than I did. if they did not disagree with my
convictions of duty. But inasmuch as we
thought there was no practical importance in
the section to interfere with the operation of
the bill, as the Senate had agreed to it, rather
than have a disagreement with the House
about it the conferees af the Senate agreed to
the thirteenth section as it was amended. I
think I am authorized in saying, not only for
the Senator from Indiana, but also for my col-
league from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] that
none of us would have preferred this thirteenth
section, and it was only left in as a necessity
to bring about an agreement between the two
Houses, thinking it would do no special harm.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is mere smoke.
Mr. TRUMBCJLL. The twelfth section I
think is not obnoxious now to any serious ob-
jection. It only applies to persons hereafter
elected or appointed to office. The Senate
will recollect and the Senator from Indiana
will remember that under our original recon-
struction act 110 person was to be eligible to
office who would be disqualified for holding
office under the provisions of the third article
of our proposed constitutional amendment.
The third clause of that proposed constitutional
amendment would embrace the very parties
who would be disqualified to take this oatli, so
that substantially there is no great importance
in the twelfth section. For my own part I can
say in reference to the twelfth section what T
could not say as to the thirteenth. I would not
allow a man to hold office or to be elected*to
offiee in these rebel States that could not take
the oath. *
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, if this law
is carried out without any interference on the
part of the executive government the Senator
from Indiana will not regret that he has signed
the report of the conference committee, it is
possible we might have framed better bills
than these bills; but everybody in the rebel
States can bear testimony to the wonderful
effectiveness of the laws already passed, until
the opinion of the Attorney General was given.
The passage of this bill will complete the work,
and I have the fullest confidence that it will be
effective. I rise now to express the hope that
throughout that part of our country men of all
parties and of all sentiments and feelings will
clearly understand that, if they comply with
the terms and conditions of these three recon-
struction laws honestly and faithfully, all ob-
stacles will be removed, and they will bo ad-
mitted into these Chambers. I think it is
important that they should so understand these
acts. The original law provides that if the
terms and conditions are complied with faith-
fully, so that Congress shall be satisfied of it,
they shall be entitled to representation; and if
they elect men who can take the oath they
shall be admitted into these Chambers. In
my judgment all discussion, all doubt or ques-
tion on this point operates against the friends
of reconstruction. It is a common thing for
those who are opposed to reconstruction on
any terms, who would defeat what we have
done, to charge us with insincerity and trifling.
Let it be distinctly understood by all that these
laws are passed by Congress to restore the
rebel States and people to their practical rela
tions; that if they comply with the conditions
prescribed, Congress will redeem its pledge.
I should have preferred to have fixed a lime
for the expiration of the terms of those who
are now in office, because ninety-nine out of a
hundred of them cannot take the oath. But
many of them have changed their sentiments
and opinions, are faithful officers and good
men, and the military commanders could have
continued such men in office. If we had re-
quired them to take the oath the very best men
among them would have been the men who
would not have taken the oath. The Governor of
Alabama, the other day, attended the conven-
tion in that State, and made an earnest speech
m favor of reconstruction; and he committed
himself fully to the policy of Congress. He is
in Washington, and he brktgs me a letter from
General Pope recommending that Congress
shall remove his disabilities at once.. It seems
to be understood that we cannot enter upon
the policy of removing disabilities until these
States are reconstructed and their representa-
tives admitted. Under this section, as it came
from the House of Representatives, he would
have to vacate his office; he could not take the
oath; and so with some others who are earnest
and devoted to the policy of Congress. The
friends of reconstruction lose quite as much as
the opponents of reconstruction by the exclu-
sions from voting. I indulge the hope that this
bill will complete the work, and that in the course
of a few months or a twelvemonth these States
will honestly comply with our terms and condi-
tions. I have no doubt- they will do so, and that
a large majority of the men they send to the
Senate and House of Representatives will be
earnest, devoted Union men, in favor of the
equal rights of all men, aud who will think
and speak and act as the majority of these two
Chambers now think, speak, and act.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to say one word in
regard to this bill and its general principles.
I shall vote for it, as I did for the previous
bills, because it proposes some method of ad-
justing our difficulties and restoring these
States. I have, however, some objections to
it. The first objection is that it is not the
kind of bill which I think the Congress of the
United States ought to have provided. I
think they should have provided a civil govern-
ment, not a military government. Secondly,
starting with the proposition that the existing
governments there are illegal governments,
they are yet reserved as auxiliary, if not as pri-
mary, civil governments in this respect. They
have the whole civil power of those communi-
ties in their hands. As we believe that power
was placed in the hands of the enemies of the
party that has triumphed in the war, it was our
duty to take it out of their hands and to place
it in the hands of our friends. To avoid any
misconstruction in regard to this matter, I will
say that I believe that the party in the majority
should have organized civil governments there,
placing the entire social and political power
in the hands of our friends, and not m the
hands of our enemies. Much fault has been
found with the Executive ; much denunciation
has been heaped upon him for placing the
political power there in the hands of his
friends. But now, Congress, after taking the
whole subject into their own hands, have
thought proper'to leave this entire organization
as they found it; and hereafter the fault will
be upon them, not upon the Executive.
There is another objection I have, because
the measure is not sufficiently thorough ; it
does not go to the bottom of thossubject. It
places thefreedmen entirely under the control
of those who hold property. It is the duty of
the Government of the United States to render
the freedmen independent of the circumstances
which surround them, so as to enable them to
cast their votes independently of the property-
holders, or landholders, who have a social
and a political influence, which, when exerted
upon them, is almost a necessary power com-
pelling them to vote as it thinks proper. Any
thorough measure of reconstruction should
have provided for the freedmen, so as to ren-
der them independent of the proprietors. Not-
withstanding these objections, however, I shall
vote for the report, because it promises some
method of reconstruction^ and of restoring
these States to the Union.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have but a word to say
before easting my vote. When the original
laws were before us I voted for them, for rea-
sons which I then supposed to be satisfactory,
and which certainly were satisfactory to my
judgment; and I adhered to that vote when
the bills were vetoed by the President. I have
seen no reason since to regret that determina-
tion. I believed then—and I voted under that
impression—that the effect of the bills would
be that these States would soon be in the Union.
I think now that they would be in the Union
without this additional legislation, even as that
legislation has been interpreted .by the Attor-
ney General. But the Senate entertain a
different opinion ; they suppose.that the effect
of that interpretation and the action which
they anticipated would b'e taken by the Exec-
utive would interfere very materially with the
execution of those laws; and they therefore
thought proper to introduce and pass the bill
which we acted upon yesterday. That has gone
to the House in the shape of an amendment ts
a bill which the House had passed on the same
subject; and the question for me now to decide
is whether I will vote for or against the report
of th^pommittee of conference.
It is my purpose to vote for it. In voting
for it, however, I do not abandon the opinion
which I entertained when the subject was
brought before us in the first instance, that the
construction given by the Attorney General
was in the main correct, and I have reason to
believe that that is the view taken of it by most
of the profession in the United States, includ-
ing judges as well as gentlemen of the bar.
But the question as it now stands before us is,
as I think, whether it is proper for one who
entertains the opinion which I do entertain to
vote for the report of the committee or to vote
against it. I have come to the conclusion that
it is my duty to vote for it. If I should vote
against it—and in advance I cannot tell neces-
sarily what will be the vote of the Senate—and
if the effect of that vote should be to defeat
the report of the committee, then it might very
naturally happen that a bill even more objec-
tionable than his would have been if the amend-
ments proposed by the House to our bill and
which they have agreed to recede from, had
been adopted by the committee.
I shall therefore, as I said just now, vote for tho
report of the committee, and I sincerely hope
that this will bo the last occasion when in the
judgment of any member of Congiess it will
be deemed necessary to legislate upon this sub-
ject. It is high time that the Union should be
restored as it was before the attempt at its dis-
ruption. It is in my view—and I say it with
no intention of reproaching anybody—a re-
proach to the wisdom of the Government in all
its departments that after we have terminated
in the field this war, put an end to every effort
to obstruct the execution of the laws, we should
still be without a representation from ten of
the States where the war was originally waged.
I look therefore to a very early determination
of that anomalous state of things ; and when
that shall have occurred, I shall look at an early
period thereafter for a restoration of all the
kind and fraternal feelings which Americans
should feel for each other, and anticipate that
the Union will be what it was when it was
originally established, aunion of hearts as well
as a union of men.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the report of the commit-
tee of conference.
M* DAVIS. On that question I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. 13UCKALEW. Mid not intend to s'ay
anything on this subject, and should not do
so now if 1 were not required to go upon the
record. I am very much surprised at the char-
acter of this report from the committee of con-
ference. I had no expectation that our com-
mittee would have been able to obtain from the
committee of the House so many concessions
to those opinions which have heretofore ob-
tained in the Senate. I think that the report
is much more favorable than could have been
reasonably expected, considering the constitu-
tion of the House branch of this committee of
conference; and that in very many respects the
results of the deliberations of the committee
are worthy of commendation. But, sir, when
I am to go upon the record on this report, when
I am called upon to assent to the final passage
of this measure, containing certain provisions
upon which 1 have heretofore spoken, and which
are abhorrent to my ideas in regard to the power
of Congress and in regard to the public policy
of the country, 1 am compelled to vote m the
