630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
Secretary of War, by General Schriver, I do
not know why it is that the Secretary did not
sign the paper himself and send it in the usual
form. .But I understand the Secretary has
sent the same estimates to the House of Rep-
resentatives, and his communication has been
referred to the committee there, and no doubt
it will be promptly acted upon. I have no
objection to waiting until we hear from the
House, and therefore I will move that for the
present, at any rate, the bill lie upon the table,
unless the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Cameron,] who appears anxious to obtain the
floor, desires to say something.
Mr. CAMERON. I wish to say a word.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. CAMERON. I am glad to find that the
Senator from Massachusetts is willing to let
this bill lie over, for to my mind thisfis a most
irregular proceeding. The whole thing is
wrong. In the first place an appropriation of
a very large sum of money is asked, and there
is no detailed estimate. The whole statement
is made by irresponsible persons. The Sec-
retary of War, knowing as he does what is
right, knowing what is the courtesy due to Con-
gress, familiar as a business man with the
proper mode of proceeding, ought not to allow
his subordinates to send a statement of this kind
here, because we cannot hold him responsible
for it, nor can we hold the President responsi-
ble for such a recommendation. Estimates like
this should come from the responsible head of
the Department.
Sir, while I am up I will take this occasion
to say that we must very soon change our no-
tions in regard to sums ofmoney. During the
war we got up from millions to hundreds of
millions and thousands of millions, and I do
not know but that if it had continued a little
longer we should have gone to hundreds of
thousands of millions of dollars. We have got
to stop wasteful expenditure. We must in the
first place husband our means. We must in
some way or other collect our revenue in a
better manner than we are doing now. I think
the country will find when the statement of this
year is made out, that the money raised by rev-
enue is much less than it was last year. I think
much of this is due to the extravagance which
the war, naturally perhaps, brought upon us.
I felt inclined to say something more about
this matter; but as the Senator from Massa-
chusetts has withdrawn his motion for the
present consideration of the bill, I shall reserve
what I have to say to a future time. I am glad
it is withdrawn.
Mr. BUCKALEW. This bill was laid over
yesterday at my instance. What I desired to
obtain by the delay of this bill was not a mere
statement from tho Paymaster General that
gross amounts were needed for the adminis-
tration of the reconstruction laws, but some
statement of the objects upon which this dis-
buiseiuenl was to be made. In the paper
which has been read we are simply told that
certain gross sums have been expended in
particular districts, naming them, and that
certain additional sums are called for by the
military commanders iu those respective dis-
tricts. There is no statement furnished us in
detail pointing out the purposes or objects for
which the outlays already incurred have been
made; nor is there any statement of the ob-
jects or purposes for which the money is asked.
So far as we know the committee that reported
this bill have made no investigation into the
facts to ascertain whether the money that has
been already expended has been properly
applied to legitimate purposes, whether there
is any suggestion or any possibility of improv-
ident outlays in the expenditure hitherto in-
curved.
In connection with the statement which has
been read we ought also to have the different
districts and their commanders mentioned. In
this paper there was nothing to distinguish
them but their numbers. I cannot remember
what constitutes the first district, though I
believe Virginia is in that district 
Mr. WILSON. Virginia is the first district,
North and South Carolina the second, Ala-
bama, Georgia and Florida the third, Arkansas
and Mississippi the fourth, and Louisiana and
Texas the fifth.
Mr. BUCKALEW. That statement, then,
will enable us to understand the paper which
has been read so far as the statement applies
to the numbering of the respective districts;
but I think the Senator from Massachusetts,
before he asks us on a future occasion (as this
bill is now to go over) to vote thislarge sum
of money, ought to be able to explain to us the
purposes for which it is applied. I suppose
that the payment of our military officers in that
section of the country and the payment of our
troops employed there is out of the general
appropriation for the War Department, and
consequently these special appropriations must
be applied to some other object besides the
payment of officers and privates that are dis-
charging their duties there, and I think the
country ought to know how this money has
been applied and expended and how this addi-
tional large sum which is to be appropriated is
to be applied. He ought to have some idea of
the demand for the purpose of paying persons
appointed to take the registry of voters, and
what sum will probably be demanded to pay
the election officers who are to hold the elec-
tion.
Now, sir, letJt be understood that under the
existing reconstruction laws there is large dis-
cretion left to these military commanders. We
have not regulated them; we have not limited
them with reference to what acts they may
perform in carrying out those laws. There is
no restraint, therefore, left in our hands except
that which may be exercised over the appro-
priation of money, and we ought to require
from these officers a statement of what they
have been doing, and of what they propose to
do, when they ask us to vote to them such large
masses of the public money. We have no
power or control or regulation over these dis-
bursements except what we may exercise in
voting appropriations. Everything else has
been left to their discretion without regulation,
without check or limit.
These considerations I think will appeal to
tho Senate to demand of the committtee when
this measure is again brought before us a full
exhibit, a luminous statement, giving us some
account of how our money is expended, and
how it is proposed to be used.
Mr. DAVIS. It would seem that this want
of the Military Department has sprung lip very
suddenly. On the 5th of this month the sub-
ject of the exposed condition of the north-
western frontier of the United States was under
debate, and the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs in that debate
made use of these remarks :
" Mr. Vv'ilsox. I desire simply to say in regard to
this matter of the protection of tho frontiers which
has been alluded to here to-day, that I went this
morning to see the Secretary of War, and I asked
him if lio desired any legislation whatever in regard
to that or any subject in his Department. He said
he desired nothing whatever; tney had everything
they wished for oxeept one thing, and that he pro-
posed to send in on Monday—the estimates for car-
rying out our reconstruction measures in tho South.
They want a further appropriation of money for that
purpose: but asreaardslegislation'fortheprotection
of the frontier or any other matters of public defense
he asked nothins whatever. Therefore so far as that
is concerned he asks nothing of us. and I do not know
that anybody proposes anything in that regard."
It appears to me that if the head of the War
Department wanted this large sum of money
to establish a Radical party in the southern
States, and to subjugate the southern States, he
ought to have been prepared with his estimates
at the beginning of this session. It seems the
Secretary of War has his eye directed pretty
much, if not exclusively, upon this work of
reconstruction. We have all listened to the
statement of the Indian depredations on the
northwestern frontier, of their extent, and of
their threatening character. The Secretary is
entirely oblivions in relation to all the proper,
legitimate, and imperative demands upon the
Government of the United States, and upon
its Treasury; but when the matter is the recon-
struction of the southern States, the establish-
ment of a Radical party in the southern Stales,
that will subjugate that people and force upon
them a government odious, oppressive, ami.
grinding, the Secretary holds in reserve his
right to ask an estimate for that purpose; and
when the estimate is presented it amounts to
$1,648,277. If half a million dollars were
thought a sufficient expenditure of Govern-
ment money for this purpose when the original
measure was passed, what sudden and areat
exigencies have arisen since to require more
than three times the amount originally asked ?
Sir, the war-whoop of the Sioux and other
wild bands of the West may awake the slum-
bers of the women and children on that de-
fenseless frontier, as has been the case for
months, and the Secretary of War hears noth-
ing of it; and when gentlemen here appeal by
facts, appalling in their character, to the Gov-
ernment to come to the rescue of your suffer-
ing frontier, and to relieve helpless women and
children from the sealping-knife and the toma-
hawk, the Secretary of War has no appropria-
tion to ask for, and the honorable chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs has no
appropriation to ask for. But when this
scheme of subjugating the southern States
and providing for the aggrandizement and the
aggregation of the power of the Radical party
is made the issue, the Government and its high
officials turn their backs callously, coldly, with-
out any sensation at all, upon this scene of
blood and savage warfare that is being enacted
in the Northwest, and they can come up here
and ask three times the original amount appro-
priated to be added to a corruption fund—a
fund intended to enforce the laws of the Uni-
ted States that deprive the people of ten States
of their right of self-government.
Mr. President, before this sum, so large in
amount, so enormously in excess of the origi-
nal amount, is devoted to a purpose not only
questionable, but in my mind altogether atro-
cious, it seems to me that the most precise and
exact estimates should be demanded from tho
Department, that the particular purposes for
which this aggregate sum, and all its purposes,
in detail by precise amounts, ought to be set
forth in the estimates.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the War
Department has the appropriations for the
Army for the year to use in any part of the
country in support of the Army. They do not
ask us for money for the Army in any direc-
tion. They have got abundance of it. There-
fore when I asked the Secretary of War if he
desired any legislation he answered properly
that he had nothing to ask either in men or
money. There has been a strong pressure to
raise some troops for the frontier and General
Sherman has been teased into recommending
four regiments of mounted men, and on tho
strength of his letter I have offered a bill which
the Secretary has not asked for, and I do not
think General Grant has asked for. and from
what I hear I do not think the Senate will
pass it.
Now, I wish simply to say to the Senator
from Kentucky that these Indian outrages do
not compare with the outrages that have been
perpetrated in the southern section of the coun-
try within the last year. There have been ten
murders there to one by the Indians. His own
State, too, must be included as one in which
these outrages have occurred. There are very
few parts of the country where there have been
more of them than there. For one I desire to
suppress Indian outrages and all other kinds
of outrages, and have law and order and jus-
tice and humanity prevail in every portion of
the country. I suppose we all agree in that
respect; certainly we ought to do so.
Now, sir, as to this particular sum the Sec-
retary has slnt under his own name a state-
ment to the House of Representatives of what
he desires, and when we receive their bill we
shall see whether there are any further details
than there are on the paper which has been
read. 1 do not suppose there are ; but if
there be we shall have the benefit of them. I
