1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
the negro race, slave aud free. About , one
fifth of our population was negro, and about
ten thousand of them free. Prom the begin-
ning negroes were excluded from giving testi-
mony in cases where white men. were parties,'
and that upon this reason and this principle :
that almost all of them belonged at the time
this regulation was made to white men, and
they could not be supposed to give their
evidence unbiassed in cases in which their
masters would- be parties. This philosophic
truth in relation to our nature excluded
them ; but when the negro was freed he had
every right to acquire property that the white
man had; he had every right to institute his
suit that white men had ; he had every right
to institute a penal prosecution or a criminal
prosecution for an outrage upon his rights that
a white man had. He was not allowed to give
evidence. But the suggestion of one of the
orators at the Fourth of July meeting in Lex-
ington will certainly prove true, that that dis-
ability will be removed at the next session of
our Legislature. I have been consulted myself
by various men who will be in the Legislature
as to what ought to be done on that subject,
and I have given them as my advice that it
ought unhesitatingly to be done; and they will
be placed on the same basis in relation to
testimony in courts that white people are.
Mr. President, I have seen hundreds of ne-
groes suing for their rights in our courts, slave
and free. I have been the counsel of many of
them. None has ever been so poor, so de-
graded, so penniless as not to be able to com-
mand my services and the services of any lawyer
of that State, and those services were rendered
to them withas much zeal and fidelity as though
they had had countless thousands of gold to com-
pensate for them. There never went a negro
into a Kentucky court who had law and right
upon his side that did not have the sympa-
thies of the entire presence of people there, ex-
cept his opponent and the lawyers of his oppo-
nent. The people of Kentucky are a brave,
gallant people. They sympathize with the
weak; they are magnanimous to the weak.
They uphold those that are falling ; they de-
fend the weak and the powerless. It is only
the vicious, the wicked, the base, the cowardly
that want this characteristic of magnanimity.
It may be wanting in Massachusetts, but it is
not in Kentucky. Courage and magnanimity
are the proudest characteristics of Kentucky.
Mr. President, we see the fell purpose of
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts.
We know with what persistence he pursues his
objects, it makes no odds what is the character
of' those objects, and we know that he intends
to press this work of reconstruction. Well,
let him press it. We will defend as best wo
may. We will appeal to the Constitution, to the
reason, the judgment, the patriotism of Con-
gress, to the highest courts of our country, to
the bar of the American people a^d of Ameri-
can opinion to stay such an outrage upon
their fundamental law and upon the rights of
one of the truest members—according to the
spirit of the Constitution—of the Union ; and I
have no doubt that this reference will discomfit
the honorable Senator, though it may pain his
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
allow me to send up to the Chair a notifce in
formal shape, which I gave a short time ago.
Mr. POMEROY. I merely want to give
notice that on Monday I shall ask for the con-
sideration of House bill No. 108, for the relief
of certain volunteer soldiers and sailors therein
designated.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection.
Mr. POMEROY. And to that end I shall
ask for a repeal or for a suspension of so much
of our rule as interferes with the consideration
of that bill. •
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair a notice
to that effect with regard to the bill to which I
called attention. I wish to have it recorded.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The no-
tice will be entered. The Chair will remind
the Senate, however, that there is a bill before
the body.
Mr. WILSON. I move to lay the bill before
the Senate on the table, with a view of taking
up the House bill upon the same subject.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the house.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson", its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No-
130) supplementary to an act entitled "An act
making appropriationsfoy sundry civirexpenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1868, and for other purposes," passed
March 2, 1867; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 71) to carry
into effect the several acts providing for the
more efficient government of the rebel States.
House bill No. 130 was read twice by its
title and ordered to lie on the table.
House joint resolution No. 71 was read
twice by its title.
Mr. WILSON. I propose that^we now ad-
journ, but I first move to lay the Joint resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If that joiut resolution
comes within tlie rule of the Senate I object to
its consideration, and if the motion of the
Senator to lay it on the table be such action
as will be regarded as a waiver of the objec-
tion I shall urge it now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there is
any objection it will not be waived by laying
the bill on the table. It will be regarded as
laid on the table if there be no objection.
bill introduced.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 135) to provide for the permanent location
of all the Indian tribes west of the Missouri
river and east of the Rocky mountains upon
two reservations ; which was read and passed
to a second reading, and.ordered to be printed,
and lie on the table.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, .the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July 13, 1807.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
northern pacific railroad.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a resolution of the Legislature of Mas-
sachusetts relating to the Northern Pacific
railroad; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
cape cod harbor.
Mr. DAWES also, by unanimous consent,
presented a resolution of the Legislature of
Massachusetts concerning Cape Cod harbor, at
Provincetown ; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
kentucky election contest.
Mr. DAWES also presented testimony in
the contested-election case from Kentucky, of
J. E. Smith us. John Young Brown; which was
referred to the Committee of Elections.
rebel treatment of prisoners, etc.
Mr. PILE, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the select committee appointed to
investigate the treatment of prisoners of war and
Union citizens by the so-called confederate Govern-
incnt-are hereby authorized to sit at such place and
take testimony by such number of the committee as
they shall deem proper.
extension of homestead law.
Mr. -WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill to extend the
provisions of the homestead law to any public
lands within the limits of any railroad land
§rant in any State or Territory of the United
tates; which was read a first and second time,
and ordered to be referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands when appointed.
committee on education.
Mr. DONNELLY. I ask leave to intro-
duce the following resolution for reference to
the Committee on the Rules :
Seiohed, That an additional standing committee
oj nine members, to. be known as the Committee on
.Education, be appointed as the other standing com-
mittees are appointed, to which shall be referred all
suen matters as pertain to the educational interests
of the United States.
There being no objection, the resolution wa?
received and referred to tlie Committee on the
Rules.
treatment of rebel prisoners, etc,,
Mr. MUNGEN. I wish to make an inquiry
in reference to a resolution offered by myself
a day or two ago—a resolution in reference to
tho same subject as the resolution offered a
few moments ago by the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Pile.] I wish to know whether my
resolution is still pending.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman refers, as
the Chair understands, to a resolution extend-
ing tho investigation of the select Committee
on Union Prisoners.
Mr. MUNGEN. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. Objection «was made to
the introduction of the resolution, and it was
not received.
Mr. MUNGEN. I wish to say that the pur-
pose of that resolution was evidently misun-
derstood by the gentleman who objected; and
I desire again to ask consent to offer that reso-
lution and to make a few remarks in explana-
tion of it.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
the gentleman from Ohio explaining briefly a
resolution which he asks unanimous consent to
offer ?
Thfcre was no objection.
Mr. MUNGEN. The resolution which I
propose to offer is a.s follows:
Retolvcd, That the committee appointed to inqniie
into the treatment of prisoners. <fcc., be, and they are
hereby, instructed to inquire into and report upon the
treatment, &e., of-prisoncrs confined in tho camps of
tho United States Government during tfts war; and
also to inquiro into and report uponrtacts connected
with the cartel as to exchange of prisoners, and the
action under the same by tho officers of the United
States* and the so-called confederate government,
and why a speedy exchange of prisoners from time
to time was not etfected.
Mr. Speaker, I did not then, and I do not
now, offer this resolution with any captious'
feeling. I say, sir, in regard to the treatment
of the prisoners in the camps of the United
States that the investigation will show that
they were treated as well as they could be
treated under the circumstances. I know, so
far as my knowledge goes, that they had enough
to eat. Now, the instructions under which the
committee is now acting will necessarily involve
an investigation into the complicity of the con-
federate government with the suffering of our
soldiers in the southern prisons. The archives
of the confederate government, so-called, will
necessarily have to be investigated to a certain
extent by this committee, and the correspond-
ence in reference to the exchange of prisoners
will also have to be looked into.
I say now, with all respect to the officers of
the united States Government, there were
rumors which reached us in the field, and which
have been prevalent ever since the war, that
there was blame attached to some of the offi-
cers of the United States Army in regard to
the exchange of prisoners. There were and
there are rumors of that kind. If they are
true we ought to know it; and if not true that
fact should be made evident, and those who
have been charged with blame should be incul-
pated. If they are guilty—I do not care who
they may be—whoever is responsible for the
death of our soldiers ought to be made known.
That is the reason why I offer this resolution,
and not for any partisan purpose.
Mr. JUDD. I ask unanimous consent to
make a statement.
There was no objection.
Mr. PRICE. I object to the resolution.
