684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July Id,
Mr. MUNGEN. I move to suspend the
rules ?
Mr. JUDD. I desire to say a few words in
regard to that resolution, if the House will
allow me.
Mr. Speaker, on the previous day when this
resolution was introduced it struck me us an
insinuation and a reflection upon the generals
who commanded our armies and upon the loyal
people of the North; and for one I would dis-
tinctly oppose by my vote any action of mine
upon this floor to leave the inference to be
drawn that the prisoners in our hands during
that terrible fight were treated without charity
or in any other than a proper manner.
Mr. MUNGEN. I have disclaimed any such
intention.
Mr. JUDD. Who, sir, of the North to-day,
who of the loyal men in the North, demands
that investigation should bo made? Is there
any belief among our friends that there was
any such wrong that this Congress should sol-
emnly resolve to investigate acts in reference
to which in the loyal North there is no com-
plaint ? I say,' Mr. Speaker, and I regret, it is a
reflection upon the loyal people of the country
who had those confederate prisoners in charge
if this House should entertain for a moment,
even by implication, the assertion that wrong
was done to those prisoners. I am further of
the opinion, sir, as to the propriety of the ex-
change of prisoners, and as to whether it was
well conducted, that all those matters have
been thoroughly investigated by the Committee
on the Conduct of the War.
At any rate, I am not prepared or desirous
of affording my honorable friend from Ohio
opportunity to pick a hole in anybody's coat;
and that is the objeot of the resolution, as I
understand it. It is to get up a controversy as
to the persons responsible for delay, if there
was any, in the exchange of prisoners, and I
hope that the loyal members of the House will
not agree to any such investigation.
Mr. MUNGEN. Suppose it were true that
aii offiecr of this Government standing at the
head of the exchange of prisoners made a
remark in regard to the prisoners taken by
our troops that we should not exchange these
healthy, well-fed men for skeletons, thus leav-
ing thousands of our soldiers to die of starva-
tion, would the gentleman from Illinois be
unwilling to have the matter investigated ?
Mr. JUDD. In reply to the gentleman's
interrogatory, I will say that it shows that this
investigation, if not intended, will bo used for
partisan purposes.
_ Mr. BUTLER. Having been a commis-
sioner of exchange, I wish the House to allow
me to say a word.
_ Mr. MUNGEN. I had no intention of refer-
ring specially to the gentleman or any other
person.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to say, having been
during the last year of the war, during the
campaign of 1864, in charge of the exchange
of prisoners on behalf of the United States
Government, that for one and for all that had
anything to do with it, we not only are ready,
but we court any investigation into any action
taken by the Exchange Bureau on this subject
of the treatment of prisoners. I do not indi-
cate and do not mean to indicate what shall be
the action of the House upon this question. I
only wish to say for myself and my associates,
lest there should be any mistaken impression
here or lest any mistaken impression should
go forth to the country, that we are ready and
willing that every act shall be subject to the
most full and complete investigation.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I wish to inquire if the
resolution is offered as an amendment to the
resolution that passed the other day, or as an
independent resolution ?
_ The SPEAKER. An independsnt resolu-
tion.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is it pending?
The SPEAKER. It is not; the motion is to
suspend the rules.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to say a word
or two on the subject.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection? The
Chair hears none.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I simply say that if we
refuse the investigation called for by this reso-
lution we thereby cast a greater reflection upon
honest Union generals who had charge of this
business than,we possibly could by adopting
it. If there is any reason why the investiga-
tion should be had, then let us have it, and if,
as I hope the case is, all our generals who had
anything to do with the treatment and exchange
of rebel prisoners did as they ought to have
done, the matter will stand out in brighter
contrast when laid side by side with the action
of the rebel authorities in their treatment of
Union prisoners.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman yield for
a question ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man if he has ever heard an" accusation made
against the authorities of the United States of
maltreatment of prisoners on our part; and
further, if he has ever heard of any such accu-
sation coming from any leading rebels?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I cannot see what dif-
ference it makes, so far as the action of this
House is concerned, whether I have or have
not heard such accusations. I have had no
communications from rebels one way or the
other since the commencement of hostilities.
But I say that I have read in some of the rebel
papers charges of cruelty on our part toward
their soldiers while in our hands, although, for
one, I will say that I do not believe the charges
were true. They were to this effect: that
rebel prisoners confined in Camp Douglas, in
Chicago, were not properly fed and clothed;
were left to suffer from the inclemency of a
northern winter, and that many of their men
were frozen to death.
' Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman yield
to allow me to reply to the question put by his
colleague ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have no objection.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The question was, as I
understand it, whether any charge was made
against any of our officers in regard to the
exchange of prisoners which implicated them
in the consequences that followed the non-
exchange of prisoners; and whether any prom-
inent rebel officers had made any such charge.
Mr. LOGAN. That is not the question I
asked.
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Speaker, is this debate in
order? .
The SPEAKER. The House granted to the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] the
privilege to make a brief statement.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Locax] repeat his question?
Mr. LOGAN. I asked if ray colleague had
ever heard charges made against the authorities
of the United States of maltreatment of rebel
prisoners; and further, if he had ever heard
such charges made by leading rebel officers,
and I will add, leading authorities of the rebel
government.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That was a little differ-
ent from what I understood it. But upon the
other charge which the resolution is intended
to cover I can say this: that I had a conversa-
tion with General Ould, in which he declared
that he offered to the officers of the United
States having in charge the subject of exchange
of prisoners to give them twenty thousand Uni-
ted States prisoners confined in the South with-
out equivalent, finding themselves unable to
feed and take care of them as they ought to be.
He made that offer distinctly to the generals
in authority; and if I am not mistaken General
Butler and General Grant were referred to ; I
am not certain of that, however. And the
question was put by me: suppose you have
not got twenty thousand sick and wounded
men? Then, he said, we will make up the
number with well men and give you twenty
thousand men or all you will take off our
hands, because we are unable to feed them or
furnish them with the necessary medical sup-
plies.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am notpressing for an
investigation of this subject, nor do I.expect
to throw any particular light on the details
which may be involved in this question. I
know nothing about them personally. I do
not know that any Union officer who was con-
nected with this matter of exchange failed to
do his whole duty in regard to the exchange
of prisoners. I do not know that there was
one instanee of tyranny or cruelty on the part
of Union officers toward confederate prison-
ers. . I hope that if an examination shall be
had it will be made to appear that all Union
officers acted with a sense of humanity and the
rights of prisoners under the laws of war.
No man will say that it is because I have
any sympathy with rebels as such that I favor
the investigation proposed. But, sir, when I
remember that our party have had the control
of this war and of all questions connected with
it, civil, military, and political, during the last
four years, it seems to me that we ought not
to object to an investigation as to the treatment
of the rebel prisoners who were in our hands.
I have no objection that the whole question
shall be examined. I do not wish to refer the
question as to the conduct of one particular
general in reference to this matter to the com-
mittee. I would rather have a ge.neral investi-
gation.
Mr. LOGAN. Will my colleague yield for
a question?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will yield for a ques-
tion.
Mr. LOGAN. I would suggest to my col-
league that if he or any other gentleman de-
sires to investigate the conduct of any individ-
ual officer it would be better for him to name
him in the resolution, and of course the House
will adopt that resolution. But the resolution
offered here is offered as an express rebuttal
to a resolution offered in reference to the treat-
ment of rebel prisoners.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That is not a question.
Mr. LOGAN. I will try to put it in the
form of a question. I would ask if it would
not be better that my colleague should so
frame his resolution that it shall charge some
persons, some particular Army officer, with
some particular act of wrong that has beep
perpetrated, and allow that to be investigated,
without bringing up a kind of general rebuttal,
the design of which is to leave an impression
on the mind of the community that wrong has
been done where no wrong has ever been
done?
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 must now resume the
floor.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The House has by unan-
imous consent granted to the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ixgersolt,] permission to make
a brief statement. It is for the House to de-
termine whether that statement has been too
much enlarged.
Mr. BIN (ill AM. There is objection to a
general discussion about this matter.
The SPEAKER'. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] will raise that
point of order the Chair will rule upon it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not understand
that the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] objects to my proceeding with my
remarks.
Mi* ELDRIDGE. Inasmuch as the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Isoersoll] has yielded
a large portion of his time to his colleague [Mr.
Looax] and to others, it seems to me that it
would be unfair to cut him off now.
Mr. DAWES. Then, sir, I will withdraw
the objection I raised for a brief moment.
Mr. LOGAN. I will put my question in
this form: while there is no doubt throughout
the country as to the humane treatment of
rebel prisoners, would it not be as well to in-
vestigate the question as to whether Christ was
crucified on Mount Calvary as to investigate a
fact in reference to which there is no doubt in
any part of the country?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have no doubt what-
ever upon the question of the crucifixion which
