1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
683
the gentleman raises. If he is doubtful about
it let him offer a proposition for an investigat-
ing committee, if he desires it.
_ Now, sir, my colleague assumes that this
is my resolution, or that I desire some investi-
gation in regard to our treatment of prisoners.
The resolution had not its origin with me. If
I understand the matter, it arose in this way:
Die gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Shanks]
introduced a resolution proposing an investi-
gation in regard to the treatment of our pris-
oners by the- rebels. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Mukgex] now seeks to offer this
resolution, proposing to refer to the same
committee the other branch of the subject—
the treatment of rebel prisoners in our hands.
Now, sir, the gentleman from Indiana, the
chairman of this committee, is a Union man,
and the majority of-this committee are also
Union men—friends of the Union Army and
tne Union party. What objection can there
be, when a Democratic member of the House
proposes to direct an investigation by this
committoe of a subject germane to that already
referred to them? There seems to be some
apprehension here that some particular officer
of the Union Army who had connection with
the exchange of prisoners will be damaged
by this investigation.
Now, sir, it is not my object to damage any
one; nor do I desire to promote the interests
of any particular individual. I -wish simply to
have the truth ; and I believe that a fair, full,
and free investigation of this subject will re-
flect nothing but credit upon the officers of the
Union Army and upon the Union party that
prosecuted the war. I believe this investiga-
tion will show that we treated the rebel pris-
oners with humanity and considerate kindness.
Will the gentlemen who had charge of the ex-
change of prisoners be damaged by an investi-
gation of this kind, conducted by a committee
of our own friends?
When we have control of this whole subject,
when we have a committee of our own friends,
is it magnanimous for us, while we order an
investigation of this question so far as the con-
duet of the rebels is concerned, to forbid that
the same committee—a committee of our own
'friends—shall investigate the treatment of
rebel prisoners while in our hands ? I say it
is not magnanimous ; it is not fair ; and it will
do us as a party no good to smother a resolu-
tion of this kind.
One word further. My colleague assumes
that this resolution of the gentleman from Ohio
is sought to bo introduced for no other purpose
than as a sort of rejoinder, rebutter, or offset
to the resolution introduced by the gentleman
from Indiana. I submit, sir, that we have no
right to assume any such thing. If my colleague
has any information on that subject he has
more information than I have. All I know is
that a gentleman, exercising his right as a Rep-
resentative on this floor, has risen in his place
and proposed this resolution. He has not, as
he might have done, asked for the appointment
of an independent committee, of which, if it
had been appointed, he would by courtesy have
been the chairman. lie is content (which seems
to mo fair and reasonable) that the committee
appointed under the resolution of the gentle-
man from Indiana shall investigate the whole
subject. .
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a point of order. I
think the gentleman from Illinois has made
himself perfectly understood, and I raise the
point of order that the motion to suspend the
rules is not debatable.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must sustain
the point of order, as consent was asked, not
to speak for an hour', but to make a brief
statement.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have but a word far-
ther to say.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawf.s] insists on the point of
order, and the Chair must rule that the motion
to suspend the rules is not debatable.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask unanimous consent
to speak upon this subject for four minutes.
The SPEAKER: If there be no objection
the gentleman will proceed.
There was no objection.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman
from Wisconsin allow me one word?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Yes, I will allow the
gentleman one word.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I understand the gen-
tleman has only four minutes.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, the gentle-
man from Illinois has certainly made a very
strong point against his own friends. It seems
to' me eminently proper and just that this
investigation should be extended. I wish to
say to the House, without making any charge
against any general of the Army or against
any officer of any kind whatever, that there is
in the minds of the people some doubt as to
whether that course was pursued which ought
to have been with reference to exchange of
prisoners with the so-called confederate States.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] in tlve speeches which he made all over
the country, or at least in many places in the
country, charged that General Grant was re-
sponsible for or was the cause of the exchanges
not having been made.
Mr. BUTLER, (in his seat.) Never.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It was claimed at the
time the confederate States were unable to feed
and take care of or to furnish the necessary
medical and other supplies to the prisoners,
and that the person at that time having the
matter in charge on behalf of the so-called
confederate States offered to deliver twenty
thousand of our soldiers held as prisoners with-
out any equivalents on our part whatever. It
is so charged. I do not say that it is true, but
I had the statement myself from General Ould.
I also understand that our general or officer
having the matter in charge either declined to
make any exchange or made no reply to the
proposition. General Ould was not so much
surprised, he said, at not receiving an answer
from General Grant, because General Grant
knew at the time that the confederacy was a
mere shell and that it was only a question of
time when it must fall to pieces. General
Ould stated that he made that offer to the offi-
cer of the United States having the matter in
charge several months before the confederacy
fell through ; that they woflld give us twenty
thousand sick and wounded men, and if they
had not that number of sick and wounded men
he would make the number up to twenty thou-
sand of able-bodied prisoners; and that he
made the offer in the interest of humanity.
Whether this is true or not I do not know. I
should like to know exactly how the matter
stands. This is the subject the resolution pro-
poses to investigate. Whatcanbe the objection?
The people want to know the truth of these
charges. I tell you, sir, that the majority of
this House dare not refuse to permit this sub-
ject to be investigated. Your constituency
when you go homo will not justify you for
refusing to orde^ such an investigation. If the
generals or officers having the subject in charge
are free from blame tliey will go unscathed.
If they are guilty it ought to be known, and the
guilt rest where it belongs. The guilty alone
will object to the investigation; the innoccnt
cannot be injured fey it. It is a matter of jus-
tice to both 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PILE. I ask to speak two minutes.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to any further
debate on this subject.
Mr. PILE. I would like to make a state-
ment.
Mr. BROMWELL. I also wish to make a
suggestion to the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish unanimous consent
of the House to reply to what I understand to
be the charge in relation to this matter. I do
not want more than five minutes.
Mr. BOYER. I object.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope that the gentle-
man from Massachusetts may be allowed five
minutes.
■The resolution was again read.
The House divided on the motion to suspend
the rules; and there were—ayes 38, noes 75.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays, and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered ; and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
The House refused to suspend the rules.
Mr. BUTLER. I now ask to make a per-
sonal explanation.
Mr. BOYER. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I feel com-
pelled to enter into this matter of exchange in
answer to the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Eldridge.] 1 wish to premise in the first
place that in 1864, at the December session of
this House, all the correspondence on the sub-
ject of exchange of prisoners was called for
by the House from the Secretary of War, and
was furnished on the 6th day of January, 1865,
and is upou the records of this House and can
be referred to by gentlemen. Every letter,
every telegram received or sent by the commis-
sioner on the part of the United States or on
the part of the rebel government is upon your
files; so that every written document is before
us now. - \
Now as regards the specific charge of the
gentleman from-Wisconsin 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman will
allow me, I did not make any charge. I only
stated the information I received and the source
of it.
Mr. BUTLER. In regard to the informa-
tion given by the commissioner of exchange
on the part of the rebels to the gentleman from
Wisconsin, I think a slight statement will
acquit everybody of any blame. In the fall
of 18G4, after the exchange had been stopped,
a proposition was made on the part of the rebel
authorities to give us the sick men that they
had in Savannah and Millen, Georgia, as soon
as transportation could bo got. That proposi-
tion was accepted.
More than that: the commissioner of ex-
change on the part of the United States offered
to allow them to send cotton to the North and
sell it in the market of New York for the pur-
pose of supplying themselves with the neces-
sary provisions and clothing for our prisoners
in their hands.
More than that: we offered to send anything
that they would take, and as soon as sea trans-
portation necessary for that purpose could be
procured by the commissioner of exchange
from the quartermaster's department six boats,
capable of taking over seven thousand men,
were sent down to Savannah, and the sick
Union prisoners in the hands of the rebels
were delivered over to us and brought here as
fast as they could be by all the transportation
that could be obtained. There was some delay-
in regard to getting the transportation becausc
of the necessary movements of the Army, as I
am informed by the Quartermaster General.
But the correspondence on your files will show
the proposition on the one side that we made
and the acceptance on the other, and then a
counter offer, when it was said they had not
the means of taking care of the Union prison-
ers in their hands, that they might send to their
own scleet agent in New York city—and they
had enough who synripathized sufficiently with
them to do it—cotton or other produce, and
sell it at the then high price, for the purpose
of feeding, clothing, and administering medi-
cine to the Union prisoners in the hands of
the rebels.
That is the exact state of facts, and these
facts will come out upon investigation. And
I say again, if the gentleman will turn to the
files of this House of January, 1805, he will
find every word that I have stated in the writ-
ten propositions and acceptances on one side
and on the other, which have never yet been
printed and sent to the country, to my knowl-
edge. If the gentleman wants to pursue this
subject, the first thing that had better be done
is to have that correspondence printed and
sent to the country. Everybody will then un-
derstand exactly what was done and what was
