036
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,.
not done up to within three months of the sur-
render of General Lee.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELDRIDG-E. I wanted to make an
inquiry of the gentleman; I hope the House
will allow me to do so.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
petition erom arkansas.
The House resumed the consideration of the
question pending at the adjournment last even-
ing, being a motion to suspend the rules for
the purpose of receiving a petition from the
Legislature of Arkansas in relation to the
levees of the Mississippi river, on which Mr.
Morgan w(as entitled to the floor for twenty-
three minutes, the remainder of his hour.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Will the
gentleman from Ohio allow me to offer a reso-
lution ?, I will say to my colleague [Mr. Ei.d-
ridge] that whenever he or anybody will make
a distinct and definite charge we are ready for
an investigation.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will my colleague allow
me to say 
The SPEAKER. Thegeutleman from Ohio
[Mr. Morgan] has the floor.
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. Speaker, I believe I
did not occupy but about three minutes of the
thirty-seven which I find charged to me, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
having occupied thirty-four minutes. It would
afford me great pleasure to yield now .to the gen-
tleman were not the time which I propose to
occupy upon this subject so very brief.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will be
entitled to twenty-three minutes. He may
yield by unanimous consent.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I ask to
be allowed to offer a resolution for informa-
tion.
Mr. MORGAN. I will yield for that.
The Clerk read the following preamble and
resolution
Whereas irresponsible statements have been made,
by persons in sympathy with the lato rebellion im-
plying that the Government of the United States has
inhumanly treated its prisoners during the late re-
bellion; and whereasno evidence hasbcen produced
to show that such allegations have any foundation
in fact; and whereas tho loyal people of the United
States are well satisfied that in no instanco were its
prisoners treated otherwise Chan with kindness and
humanity: Therefore,
kexnherl. That this House will entertain no reso-
lution which implies other than tho most kind, ten-
der, and humane treatment of its prisoners, unless
such resolution is accompanied by a responsible
charge that they were treated othorwisc.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to a resolution
of that character.
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution is
not before the House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
a suspension of the rules to enable me to offer
the resolution.
Mr. BALDWIN. I demand the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business being demanded, the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Morgax] must either proceed with
his remarks or surrender the floor.
Air. MORGAN. I arose in my place last"
evening, Mr. Speaker, to present a petition
from the Legislature of the State of Arkansas,
without anticipating that it would involve any
opposition or lead to any^lebate. I supposed
tha t in this Hall the right of petition was sacred :
a right guarantied by the Constitution; a right
which no free Government or free assembly
■ would deny; and I am unwilling to believe,
sir, that honorable gentlemen in this House
will d.eny the right of the people of Arkansas
to be heard by petition to the constituted
authorities of the country.
I understand the objection made by the hon-
orable gentleman to the reception of this peti-
tion to be that the State of Arkansas is not a
State of the Union. Now, sir, with great def-
erence to the opinion of the honorabfe gentle-
man who made that point, I would say that I
know of but two methods by which a State
once in the Union can get without its limits.
It could only bo done by the unanimous con-
sent of the States of the Union or by force of
arms.
It is not claimed, I think, by any gentleman
upon this floor that the State of Arkansas ob-
tained the consent of all the other States of the
Union to withdraw from this Confederation ;
nor will it be claimed that the State of Arkan-
sas succeeded in getting out of the Union by
force of arms. It is true that on the 6th day
of May, 1861, an illegal and revolutionary body
in the'State of Arkansas did pass what was
termed an ordinance of secession, the design
of which was to take Arkansas out of the
Union. If that on^inance did take that State
out of the Union then Arkansas had the right
to secede. But if it did not withdraw Arkan-
sas from the Union, then that ordinance was
null and void.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. MORGAN. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] will pardon me,
without any discourtesy to him, I mijst decline
now to give way.
It will not be denied that on the 6th day of
May, 1861, the State of Arkansas was within
the Union. If on the 6th day of May, within
twenty-four hours afterward, she was out of
the Union, it must have been by force of the
ordinance of secession, and if so she had the
right to sccode, which I deny.
If, then, the State of Arkansas had no right
to secede from the Union, and failed to go out
by force of arms, she is as much in the Union
us she was before the first hostile gun was fired
at Fort Sumter. Not only this, but the Federal
Government in all its coordinate branches, ex-
ecutive, legislative, and judicial, has recognized
that all of the so-called seceding States are and
have been States in the Union during the en-
tire time of the war. I believe that President
Lincoln during his term of office never issued
a single proclamation in which he did not dis-
tinctly speak of these States as States of the
Union.
The Supreme Court of the United States has
decided that these States were States of the
Union, and this House have time and again
by almost unanimous vote recognized the fact
by their acts that the insurrectionary States
are States of the Union. It is true that an
insurrection arose ia these States, but it is also
true that it was not only the right but the duty
of the Federal Government to put down that
insurrection, and if necessary by force of arms.
The insurrection was suppressed, and now
these States occupy the same position under
the Constitution as they did prior to the war.
Why, sir, in 1862 the President of the
United States, acting through the Secretary
of War, issued letters appointing provisional
governors for all the States that were in rebel-
lion. The appointment of the provisional
governor of North Carolina was in the follow-
ing terms:
"War Department,
WashisgtOX City, D, C., Mai/19,18G2.
Sir: You are hereby appointed military governor
of the State of I^ortn Carolina, with authority to
exercise and perform within the limits of that State
all and singular the powers, duties, and functions
pertaining to the office of military governor (includ-
ing the power to establish all necessary offices and
tribunals, and suspend the writ of habeas corpus)
during the pleasure of the President, or until the
loyal inhabitants of that State shall organize a civil
government in conformity with the Constitution
of the United States.
EDWIN M. ST ASTON-, r
Secretary of War.
And President Lincoln, following out his
plan of reorganizing the southern States as
States within the Union, declared in his am-
nesty proclamation;
"And I do further proclaim, declare, and make
known that whenever in any of tho States of Ar-
kansas, Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Tennessee,
Alabama, Georgia, Vi. ginia, Florida, South Caro-
lina, and North Carolina, a number of persons not
less than one tenth in number of the votes cast in
such btato at the presidential election of the year of
our Lord 1860, each having taken the oath aforesaid,
and not haying since violated it, and being a quali-
fied voter by the election law of the State existing
immediately before tho so-called act of secession,
and excluding a.11 others, shall reestablish a State
government which shall be republican, and in no
wise contravening said oath, such shall be recog-
nized as the true government of the State, and the
State shall receive thereunder the benefits of the
constitutional provision which declares that 'the
United States shall guaranty to every State in this
Union a repubioan form of government, and shall
protect each of them against invasion.'"
Now, sir, under this proclamation of Presi-
dent Lincoln, the State of Arkansas did reor-
ganize her State government, and it was rec-
ognized as such by him as President of the
United States.
In his proclamation of July 8, 1864, Mr.
Lincoln said:
"How, therefore, I.Abraham Lincoln, President
of the United States, do proclaim, declare, and make
known that while I am (as I was in December last
when by proclamation I propounded a plan of restor-
ation) unprepared, by a formal approval of this bill,
to be inflexibly committed to any single plan of res-
toration ; and while I am also unprepared to dcclare
that the free State constitutions and governments
already adopted and installed in Arkansas and Louisi-
ana shall be set aside and held for naught, thereby
repelling and discouraging the loyal citizens who
have set up the same as to further effort," &o.
It was, sir, but the other day that this House
in conjunction with the Senate of the United
States appropriated one million or a million
^nd a half dollars from the national Treasury—
for what purpose ? To give relief to the starving
people of the South. Now, sir, this petition
which the honorable gentlemen seek to reject—
this prayer of the loyal people of Arkansas—
people as loyal as any of the honorable and
distinguished gentlemen who object to the
reception of this memorial—comes from a gov-
ernment constituted and formed by the loyal
people of Arkansas nearly one year before the
capitulation of Lee and Johnston. Thisgovern-
ment was then formed, not by the rebellious
people of Arkansas, but by loyal citizens of
that State, who were then, are now, and always
have been devoted to the Constitution of tho
United States.
What does this petition ask? It asks an
appropriation of $2,500,000 that the lands of
Arkansas and Louisiana may be protected from
the devastation caused by the overflowing of
the Mississippi river. It states that three hun-
dred thousand acres of the most valuable land
in the State of Arkansas cannot now be put
under cultivation for the want df sufficient*
levees, and that one half of this land is capable
of producing four hundred pounds of cotton to
the acre; and that the tax imposed upon that
cotton would yield to the Government an annual
revenue of §1,800,000. Now, I ask whether
it would not be wise and patriotic for Congress
to grant to those people the means of returning
to the pursuits of agricultural industry, to
enable them once more to put their fields under
cultivation, to develop their resources, instead
of compelling them to come before the national
Legislature to ask for alms.
Sir, I know something of the people of that
State, and there are other gentlemen on this
floor who were acquainted with them during
the war and prior thereto, and who entertain
the same opinion of them tha.t I do. I declare
here that during the late contest, from the time
the first gun was fired to tEe last, the majority
of the people of Arkansas were with the Union.
I know that when the army of the Southwest
advanced to take Fort Hindman the people
all along the Arkansas river greeted them with
cheers and with the waving of handkerchiefs.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I ask whether it is wise
for a great, triumphant, and powerful people
to act toward this State of Arkansas as the
gentlemen from Pennsylvania and Illinoi#
would have us do in refusing to receive this
petition? Is there not an attempt, Mr. Speaker,
to place loyalists and disloyalists under the
same iron rule ? And if we continue to treat
the Union men of the South with injustice and
contcmpt may we not inspire in their hearts a
hatred more intense and inveterate than that
which ever animated secession soldier or seces-
sion politician? I trust, sir, that gentlemen
will rise superior to partisan considerations,
and act in a spirit of humanity and justice, if
not with generosity and magnanimity.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If there be any time
