1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
637
remaining to~th6 gentleman from Ohio-t should
like to make an explanation of my action.
Mr. MORGAN. I yield for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. There are only four min-
utes' left.
Mr. ING-ERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, I raised
the question on the reception of the petition
purporting to come from the Legislature of the
State of Arkansas solely for the purpose of
bringing before the House the question whether
the Legislature of Arkansas is a constitutional
body representing a State of this Union, and
whether we should recognize it as'existing by
the reception of a petition from that body to'
the Congress of the United States. I want to
disclaim here any hostility whatever to the
objects mentioned in tlie petition. I would be
glad to see Congress do whatever it can rightly
do toward repressing, if you please, the mighty
Mississippi in its ravages in the southern
and southwestern States. I should like to see
the improvement of that river undertaken by
Congress so far as it can be, or at least I should
like to see Congress give such guarantees to the
people of those territories as will enable them
to make the necessary improvements of that
river. If the United States would guaranty the
undertaking the improvement would be made
speedily; and it would not only result in the
local prosperity of the people- dovMn there, but,
sir, it would result in the general prosperity
of the whole country. I therefore desire to
disclaim any hostility to the object of the peti-
tion. My only object in making the motion
was to see whether we would, as the House of
Representatives, recognize- the Legislature of
the State of Arkansas as having a constitu-
tional existence.
• Mr. MORGAN. I now demand the pre-
vious question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
54 ; noes 87.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered to be now put.
Mr. ELDB1DGE demanded the yeas and
nays, and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and
nays were, not ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did not think gentle-
.nien on the other side were afraid to face the
'record.
The petition was then received, and ordered
to be referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions when appointed.
RELIEF OF NAVAJO INDIANS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, submitting esti-
mates to supply a deficiency in the appropria-
tions for the relief of the Navajo Indians at or
near Port Sumner, New Mexico; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
FRAUDS ON REVENUE IN NORTH -CAROLINA.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting, in angwer to the resolution of the
House ofthe 9th instant, a communication from
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue relative
to the frauds on the internal revenue in the fifth
district of North Carolina; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
ALJ1ANS0N EATON.
On motion of Mr. COBB, leave was granted
for the withdrawal from the files of the House
ofthe papers in the case of Almanson Eaton,
of Stevens's Point, Wisconsin.
DEDICATION OF ANTIETAM CEMETERY.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following letter of invitation from the managers
of the Antietam cemetery:
184 East Broadway, New York, July 8,1867.
Sir : A committee of arrangements appointed by
the board of management of the Antietam National
Cemetery have fixed upon the 17th day of July. 1867,
the anniversary of the battle from which it derives
its name, for tho dedication of the same, and consti-
tute the undersigned a special committee to secure
the attendance of yourself and the members and other
officers of tho body over which you preside. t
In fulfilling this pleasaht duty, in consideration of
the favorable influence upon others, which an early
assurance of your compliance with this invitation
would not fail to have, and in grateful remembrance
of what Congress have already done for the sepulture
of the nation's heroic dead, we shall await your ac-
ceptance of it with no little concern, giving, as it
would, proof of tho continuance of your sympathy in
the patriotic work committed, in part, to the board
which we represent, by States having dead on the
field of Antietam. ,
Asking that you will lay this communication be-
fore tho House of Representatives at your earliest
convenience, we beg to subscribe ourselves,
Very respectfully, yours,
J. E. SNODGRASS,
THOMAS A. BOULLT,
Gt. L. CRANMER,
Special Committee of Invitation.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax, Speaker of the House of
Mepresentat ivea.
TREATMENT OF REBEL PRISONERS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I now
ask consent to offer the following:
Whereas irresponsible statements have been made
by persons in sympathy with tholate rebellion, imply-
ing that the Government of the United States has
inhumanly treated its prisoners during thelate rebel-
lion ; and whereas no ovidoneo has been produced to
show that such allegations have any foundation in
fact, and no responsible person" has yet made any
such charge; and whereas the loyal peoplo of tho
United States are well satisfied that in no instance
were its prisoners treated otherwise than with kind-
ness^and humanity: Therefore,
Resolved, That this Heuse will erftertainno resolu-
tion which implies other than the most kind, tendor,
and humane treatment ot" its prisoners, unless such
resolution is accompanied by a responsible charge
that they were treated otherwise.
Mr. BURR. I object.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
to suspend the rules.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 82, noes 19.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I demand
the previous question.
Mr. WOOD. I desire simply to say that the
resolution is inaccurate in one respect. The
New York Tribune has distinctly stated that
these Charges have existed, and that the mat-
ter should be investigated.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I do not
yield for discussion.
Mr. GETZ. Will the gentleman yield for a
question?
Mr. WASHBURN,-of Wisconsin. I have
declined to yield to several gentlemen on this
side.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays on the passage of the preamble and reso-
lution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for a separate vote
on the preamble.
The question was taken on the adoption of
the resolution; and it wasdccided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 108, nays 20, not voting 42 5 as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, James M.
Ashley, Baker, Baldwin,Beaman, Benjamin,Benton,
Bingham, Blair, Boutweil.Bromwen.Broomali, Buck-
land, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Cook, Cornell, Covodo, Cullom, Dawes, Dixon,
Donnelly, Driggs,Ela,Ferriss, Ferry, Finney, Gravely,
Griswold.Ilalsey, Hamilton, Hayes,Xlolman,Hooper,
Hopkins, As&hel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
Humphrey, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, J udd, Julian,
Kelley, Kelscy, Ivetcham, ICoontz, Geoi^e V. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Loughridge,
Lynch, Marvin, McClurg, Merour, Miller, Moore,
Moorhead, Myers, Newcomb, O'Neill, Ortb, Paine,
Perham, Peters, Pile,Plants, Polsley, Price, Randall,
Raum, Robertson, Sawyer, Schonck, ScofieJd, Selye,
Shanks,Shellabarger.Smith, Spalding, Starkweather,
Thaddcus Stevens, Taber, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas,
Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Rob-
ert T. Van Horn, Ward. Cadwalader C. Washburn,
HenryD. Washburn, William B./VVashburn, Welker,
Thomas Williams, William Williams. James F. Wil-
son, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wmdom,
and Woodbridge—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Barnes, Boyer,
Burr, Clwnler, Eldridge, Fox. Getzt Ilaight, Richard
D. Hubbard, Marshall, Mungen, Niblaek. Robinson,
Ross, Sitgreaves, Van Auken, Van Trump, and
Wood—20. „ _ , _ . ., _ .
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Dclos R. Ashley, Banks,
Barnum Blaine, Brooks, Butler, Cake, Coburn,
Dod e Eckley, Eggleston, Eliot, Farnsworth, Fields,
Garfield. Glossbrenner, Harding, Hill, Hotuhkiss,
Hulburd, Kerr, Kitchen, Lafim, Lincoln. Maliory,
McCarthy, McCullough, Morgan, Morrcll, Momsgey,
Nicholson, Noel), Plielps. Pike, Poland, Pomeroy,
Pruyn, Aaron F. Stevens, Stewart, Stono, Van Aer-
nam, and Van Wyck—42.
So the resolution was agreed to.
*
During the roll-call,
Mr. MORGAN stated that he had paired oW
with one of his colleagues, who was under the
necessity of going home.
Tho question recurredon the adoption of the
preamble, ahd it was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the preamble and
resolution were adopted; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table*
The latter hiotion was agreed to.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I rise
to a question of privilege. I submit a report
from the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the Bup 
plemental reconstruction bill. I ask that the
report be read.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill
of tho House No. 123, entitled "An actsupplemcntary
to an act to provide for tho more efficient govern-
ment of the rebel States," pas&ed 011 the 2u day of
March, 18G7, and the act supplementary thereto,
passed on tho 23d day of March, 1867, having met,
after full and free conference have agreed to recom-
mend, and do rocommend, to their respective Houses,
as follows:
That the Senate agree to thefirst amendment of the
House, with tho following amendments: in line ten
strike out the word "illegal" and in lieu thereof
Insert "not legal State governments;line thirteen
before the word " authority" insert tho word "para-
mount,* " and that the Houso agree to the same as
amended.
That the House recedefrora its second amendment
to the amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
second section of the Senate amendment, araendod
as follows: in lino throe strike out tho word "ap-
proval" and insert "-disapproval;" lino four after
the word "States" insert "and to have effect till
disapproved;" lino seventeen, strike out the word
"approval" and insert "disapproval;" line seven-
teen, after the word " General" insert " as;" add at
the end of tho section "and to fill vacancies occa-
sionedby death,rcsiguation,or otherwise;" and that
tho Senate agree to tho same.
That tho Senate agree to the amendment of the
House to the third section of the amendment of tho
Senate.
That the Senate agree to the amendment of tho
Houso to the fourth section of the amendment of tho
Senate.
That tho House recede from its amendments to the
fifth section of the amendment of the Senate.
That the Houso recede from its amendment to the
sixth section of tho amendment of tho Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendments:
strike out the word "time" in tho ninth lino and in
lieu thereof insert "commencement;" line seven-
teen, strike out the words "tho general laws" and
in iieu thereof insert " any general law;" attho end
of line seventeen add "or for the administration of
justice;" and that tho Senate agree to tho same
amended.
That the Senate agree to tho amendment of the
House to the seventh section of tho amendment of
the Senate.
That tho House recede from its amendments in
adding sections nine, ten, and eleven, being House
amendments eight, nine, and ten.
That the Senate agree to the 'House amendment
eleven, numbered scetion twelve, with the following
amendments: strike out the word" holding" alter the
word "persons" in line two, and in lieu thereof insert
the words "hereafter elected or appointed to; " in-
sert the word** "any so-called" before the word
" State" in line three; and that the House agree to
the same.
That the Senate agree to the twelfth amendment
of the House, numbered section thirteen, with the
following amendment: insert the word "civil" be-
fore the word "officer" in the fifth line, and that tho
House agree to the same.
That the Senate agreo to the thirteenth amendment
of the House, amended as follows: in line one strike
out "fourteen" and insert " eleven."
LYMAN TRUMBULL.
GEORGE S. EDMUNDS,
THOMAS A. HENDRICKS,
Managers on the par. of tha Senate.
THADDEUS STEVENS.
GEORGE S. BOUTWELL,
W. S. HOLMAN,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. KELSEY. I ask that the fifth seption
of the bill as agreed to by the committee of
conference be read.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
it will be read, but the matter before the House
is the report of the committee of conference as
a whole. It will perhaps be easier for the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to explain it.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Let it be
read.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I sug-
gest to my colleague that he allow the bill
