1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL - GLOBE.
630
gestion. There' is cause of complaint, I think,
actually existing in reference to the order in
which these applications for bounty are taken
up. I do not aver it ;t>f my own knowledge ;
but I am in possession of proof, which, I think,
I shall make very distinct before long, that a
system of favoritism has been pursued in the
taking up out of their order cases where claims
have been made for additional bounty as well
as for the settlement of accounts by the officers
of the^ different Departments. I would there-
fore like to have the geutleman accept, an
amendment which will make it a misdemeanor
and provide some penalty where an officer shall
practice favoritism of that sort. An, applica-
tion sometimes lies there years undisposed of,
as I am advised, while other applications are
considered and acted upon which were subse-
quently filed. As to the reason suggested that
they have not the rolls, I can only say this: that
accounts and pay-rolls presented 011 the settle-
ment of different accounts of different paymas-
ters have been taken out of their order, and
gross favoritism has been shown. There has
been at least one ciaim agent who was after-
ward detected in the vilest frauds against the
Government, who seems to have, in a good
degree, the run of one of the Departments of
this Government in bringing these claims for-
ward and getting them acted upon. I will
prepare, an amendment to meet that case.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the gentleman from
Wisconsin will allow me, 1 will inquire if he
has any information as to the probable cost of
photographing all these rolls ?
Mr. PAINE. I have not.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Or as to the length of
time that it will take to get them taken
Mr. PAINE. I have no information on
either of these points.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It seems to me, then, that
it will be a little dangerous for us to en i jr upon
legislation of that kind without knowing some-
thing as to whether in fact this resolution will
facilitate the payment of these bounties in the
least. And I suggest to the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] that as there is not the
slightest probability of getting this joint reso-
lution through the Senate at this session he
consent to its reference to the Committee "'on
Military Affairs, so that that committee may
investigate these points and we may not legis-
late in" the dark. This is a new species of
legislation which has not been practiced here-
tofore by the Government, and it seems to me
that it would be a dangerous precedent for us
to set at this time. I should much prefer that
the matter should be investigated by a proper
committee before we vote upon it.
Mr. MUNGEN. I think that there is
another difficulty iu the w,ay besides the lack
of photographers in that Department. After
the close of the last session of Congress I had
occasion to go to the office of the Second Au-
ditor, and I fofmd there over three hundred
mail bags full of applications which never had
been opened. I asked the Chief Clerk what
was the reason, and he replied that they had
not sufficient clerical force; that they were
driving this matter through as speedily as
nossible. I received this information from
Mr. E. B. French, Chief Clerk in the Second
Aaditor's office.
Mr. COOK. During the last session of
Congress my attention ^as called to the delay
in the payment of bounties, and I introduced a
resolution providing for an increase of the
clerical force in the office of the Second Au-
ditor. But on conversing with the Second Au*
ditor on the subject I understood him to say
that they had as many clerks then employed as
could be employed to any advantage about the
business of preparing these rolls. Consequently
that resolution was suffered to fall. There is
no doubt that the paymaster's office would
have paid these bounties a good deal faster
than they have done if they could have pro-
cured the necessary information from the office
of the Second Auditor.^ And in examining the
subject at the last session I ceuld not see how
an increase iu the clerical force in the Second
Auditor's office would accomplish the result
which we desired. -
While I am upon the floor I would like to
state that very great irregularity has .taken
place in the payment of these bounties. I
know that applications made have been suf-
fered to remain in the office long after applica-
tions subsequently made have been paid, appli-
cations from members of the same company
and the same regiment. I do not know what
the reason is, but it seems to me to be very
singular that claims should be paid in that
irregular manner.
duty on distilled spikits.
Mr. BARNES. I ask the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] to yield to me, to allow
me to ask unanimous consent to offer'a reso-
lution.
Mr. PAINE. I will yield to have the resolu-
tion read, but I have already yielded so long
that after that I must insist upon the demand
for the previous question.
The Clerk read Mr. Barnes's resolution, as
follows:
Resolved', That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to furnish to this House
the amount of money raised in the different collec-
tion districts of the United States fromtho manufac-
ture of distilled spirits for the several fiscal years
since 1862; and for the separate quarters of the last
fiscal year so far as received, together wijth the tax
per gallon levied upon said articlodmingsaid period.
Mr. PILE. I object to the resolution.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Taber] asks leave of absence after
to-day.
No objection was made, and the leave of
abscnce was granted.
bights 05 citizens of tiie united states.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent to
offer for reference to the Committee on the
Judiciary a joint resolution in relation to the
right of franchise of citizens of the United
States.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the reading of
the joint resolution.
The Clerk read as follows :
Whereas the fourth section of thefourth articlo of
the Constitution of the United States declares that
"the United States shall guaranty to every State in
this Union a republican form of government;" and
whereas the duty thus enjoined is necessarily de-
volved upon the Congress of the United States, and
carries with it the right to determine what is a
republican form of government, which question,
bein" a purely political one, belongs solely to tho
legislative department of tlic Government: There-
Bc it enactedby the Senate and House of Representa-
tives, <C'c„ as the deliberate judgment of this Congress,,
that tho right to the elective franchise, unless for-
feited by crime, is an absolutely neccssary and fun-
damental principle of republican government, afford-
ing the true safeguard of the citizen against partial
and unjust legislation, and essential to the.national
security and peace; and that thoconstitutionsorlaws
of any States of this Union which deny to any of their
citizons, being citizens of the United States, the right
to voto on account of race or color, or which impose
anyconditionsorqualifications for the exercise oftho
right not demanded of all other citizens, are repug-
nant to the form and spirit of republican govern-
ment, at war with the Declaration of Indopendcnce,
in violation of the Constitution of the United States,
and ought to bo so amended as to conform theroto.
Several members objected.
Mr. JULIAN. I move to suspend the rules
to permit the introduction of the joint resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order at present, as the Housed acting upon
another subject under a suspension of the rules.
payment of additional bounties-—again.
Mr. PAINE. I wish now to have the amend-
ment oftho gentleman from Missouri read.
The Clerk read the amendment of Mr. Pile,
as follows;
Add to the first resolution these words: "and that
he shall cause the negative plates from which these
copies are taken to be at once destroyed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE. I now yield to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Instead of making any
remarks, I will simply propose the following
as an additional resolution:
Be it further resolved. That in taking up and con-
sidering clairafe for additional bounty, such claims
shall be acted on in the order in which they may be
or have been severally presented or filed; and any
officer or employs of the Government who shall be
found guilty of authorizing, favoring, or filed, in
giving preference to the examination of and action
on any such claim, to tho exclusion of other like
claims previously filed or presented, shall bo held to
be guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be punished,
on conviction thereof, by fine not exceeding $1,000,
or by imprisonment for not more than six months,
or both, and shall be dismissed from his office or
employment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to suggest
to the gentleman from Ohio that his amend-
ment, providing that claims shall be acted on
in the order in which they are filed or pre
sented, may cause in some cases a great deal
of unnecessary delay. The pay department,
as I understand, acts upon tho claims filed as
fast as the rolls arc obtained from the Second
Auditor's office. The pay department might
have the roll containing the name of a claim-
ant whose claim was filed only yesterday;
while it might not have the roll containing the
name of a claimant whose claim was filed six
months ago.
Mr. PAINE. I now demand the previous
question on the joint resolution aud pending
amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered.
Mr. ROSS. I desire to suggest that the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sciiejtck] might have a different effect from
that which lie intends. Suppose that there
should be a case in which the proof should be
defective : would it not be necessary, under
his amendment, that action on all claims sub-
sequently filed should be deferred until that
particular claim could bo finally acted upon ?
Mr. SCHENCK. If, on taking up any par-
ticular ease, it should be discovered that the
proof was defective^ that claim must of course
be laid aside. The object of my amendment
is simply that claims shall be taken up in their
order.
Mr. ROSS. I am satisfied that they would
be required under the amendment to stop until
that case was disposed of.
Mr. SCHENCK. If there is any doubt on
that point I am willing to modify it in that
respect. My object is to stimulate the disposal
of this business. Insert the words "except in
case of defect of proof."
Mr. HOLMAN. It also should say " or the
suspension of any case."
Mr. SCHENCK. Insert "or from some
other good cause."
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is it in order to move
that this be referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs?
The SPEAKER. It is not while the House
is acting under the previous question.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the main question was ordered.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
39, noes 30; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers, and ap-
pointed Mr. Paine and Mr. Benjamin*.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 48, noes 47.
The Speaker voted in the negative.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. Sciiexukl's amendment, as modified,
was agreed to.
Tho joint resolution, as amended, was then
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time ;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, de-
manded the yeas and nays on the passage of
the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 91, nays 18, not voting
G1; as follows ;
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Archer, James M. Ashley, Baker, Banks, Beaman,
