€40
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
Benton, Bingham, Boyer, Broomali,' Buokland,
Reader W, Clarke, Sidney Clarke. Cobb. Coburn,
Cook, Covode, CuHom, Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly,
Driggs, Ela, Perry, Fields, Finney, Fox, G-etz,
Oravely, Halsoy, Hill, Holman, Hooper, Hopkins,
Chester D. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hun-
ter, Ingereoll, Jenekes, Kelley, Kelsey, Kerr,
Ketcham, Koontz, William Lawrence, Loughridge,
Marshall, McClurg-, Mereur, Miller, Mungen, Myers,
Newcomb, Niblack, O'Neill, J?aine, Perham. File,
Plants, Poland^ Polsley, Price, Randall, Raurn,
Robertson, Robitison, itoss. Sawyer, Scbenck,
Shanks, Sttgreaves, Spaldinff, Starkweather, Thomas,
Upson, Van-Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T.
Van Horn, Ward, CadwaladerC. "Washburn, Henry
D. Washburn, Welker, William Williams, James F.
Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Wood, and
Woodbridge—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Blair, Boutwell, Burr,
Butler, Chanler, Ferriss, Haight, Hamilton, Judd,
Moorhead, Noell, Taffe, Trowbridge, Twichoil, Van
Irunip, William B. Washburn, and Thomas Wil-
liams—18.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. DelosR. Ashley, Baldwin,
Barnes, Barnum, Blaine, Bromwell, Brooks, Cake,
Churchill, Cornell, Dodge, Eckley, Eggleston, Eld-
ridge, Eliot, Farnsworth, Garfield, Glossbrenner,
Griswold, Harding,Hayes, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Julian, Kitchen, Laflin,
George V. Lawrcnce, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Lynch,
Mallory, Marvin, McCarthy, McCullough, Moore,
Morgan, Morreil, Morrissey, Nicholson, Orth, Pe-
ters, Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Scofield, Selye,
Sheilabarger, Smith, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus
Stevens, Stewart, Stone, Taber, Taylor. Van Auken,
Van Wyck, and John T. Wilson—81.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed.to.
elective franchise.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution:
Whereas the fourth section of the fourth article of
the Constitution of the United States declares that
"the United States shall guaranty to every State in
this Union a republican form of government;" and
whereas the duty thus enjoined is necessarily de-
volved upon the Congress of the United States, and
carries with it theright to determine what is arepub-
lican form of government, which question, being a
purely political one, belongs solely to the legislative
department of the Government: Therefore,
il resolved by the Senate ami Houne of Hepresenta-
tivei, as the deliberatcjudgmentof this Congress,
That the right to the elective franchise, unless forfeited
by crimc, is an absolutely necessary and fundamen-
tal principle of republican government, affording the
true safeguard of the citizen against partial and un-
just legislation, and essential to the national security
and peace; and that the constitutions or la ws of any
States of this Union which deny to any of their citi-
zens, being citizens of the United States, the right to
vote on account of race or color, or which impose any
conditions or qualifications for the exercise of the
right not demanded of all other citizens, are repug-
nant to the form and spirit of republican government,
at war with the Declaration of Independence, in
violation of the Constitution of tho United States,
and ought to be so amended as to conform thereto.
Mr. WOOD.^ I object.
Mr. JULIAN. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of introducing the resolution.
Mr. CHANLER. I demand tellers on that
motion.
Tellers were refused.
The motion to suspend the rules was agreed
to—ayes 68, noes 20.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to suggest a form of expression in the title
which is not well warranted. It is the expres-
sion "right of franchise," a very common ex-
pression, I admit, but nevertheless incorrect.
The body of the resolution contains the words
"right of the elective franchise," which is cor-
rect. Franchise is nothing more than right,
and to say "right of franchise" is equivalent
to saying " franchise of franchise."
Mr. JULIAN. The phrase was not indorsed
upon the paper by me. I accept the modifica-
tion of the title suggested by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania.
^Mr. CHANLER. I rise for information. I
wish to know whether by this resolution the
gentleman seeks to have the same standard of
intelligence among the voters throughout the
country.
Mr. JULIAN. It does cot raise any ques-
tion as to the intelligence of voters.
Mr. CHANLER. I desire to know, in other
words, whether the gentleman intends to edu-
cate the people generally up to the standard of
Massachusetts, or to educate the people of
Massachusetts up to the standard of thenegro.
Mr. JULIAN. There is no question of
intelligence raised in the resolution ; if there
were I fear it would be troublesome to the
gentleman's constituents. [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANLER. I cannot.hear the gentle-
man's reply ; I presume it is pretty apt; but
he has not given us any explanation of the
general bearing of this resolution as regards
the rule of equalization.
Mr. JULIAN. The resolution I think is in
pretty good English, and if the gentleman had
listened to it he would probably have compre-
hended perfectly its drift.
The joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
reconstruction act.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in answer to a resolution of the
House of the 12th instant, estimates of the
Adjutant General and Paymaster General for
additional appropriations to carry into effect
the reconstruction act; which was referred to
the Committee on Reconstruction, and ordered
to be printed.
adjournment.
Mr. WARD, at three o'clock and tenminutes,
moved that tho House adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
if the House adjourns the reconstruction bill
cannot be signed and sent to the President
until Monday.
The motion to adjourn was disagreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN I move a recess until four
o'clock.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend by
making it eight o'clock.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I doubt whether we
shall get the bill from the Senate by four
o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not debat-
able, but unless some member objects the Chair
will not interrupt debate.
Mr. HOLMAN. The reason I suggested an
early hour was that the bill might go to the
Executive at the earliest possible moment. I
will modify my motion by makingit five o'clock.
Mr. CULLOM. Is there any likelihood that
the bill will be here by that time?
Mr. KELSEY. Would it be in order to sus-
pend the rules and discuss matters and things
in general now?
The SPEAKER. Not pending a motion for
recess. If any gentleman objects the Chair
will arrest debate.
Mr. PRICE. I object.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I modify my amend-
ment by saying seven o'clock.
Mr. PRICE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by substituting four o'clock.
The question being taken on the amendment
to the amendment, namely, to substitute four
o'clock, there were—ayes 60, noes 29.
Air. BEAMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Ingersoll as amended, and it was
agreed to.
The question then recurred on the original
motion as amended; and being put, there
were—ayes 59, noes 28.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was dccided
in the negative—yeas 45, nays 55, not voting
70; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Ames, Archer, Baker, Barnes.
Boyer, Buckland, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook,
Covode, Dixon, Driggs, Ela, Fields. Finney, Fox,
betz, Haight, Halsoy, Hamilton, Hooper, Julian,
(*eorgey -Lawrence, Mereur, Myers, Niblack, Plants,
Price, Robertson, Scofield, Shanks, Spalding, Stark- i
weather, Aaron F. Stevens, Taylor, Taber, Twiehell, .
Van A liken, Burt Van Horn, Van Trump,Ward,Wil-
liam Williams, Windom, and Woodbridge—J5.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison. Anderson. James M. Ash-
ley, Beaman. Benjamin, Benton, Bingharu, Blair,
Boutwell. Broomali, Burr, Reader W. Clarke, Cullom,
Dawes. Eldridge, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Gravely, Hol-
man, Chester D. Hubbard, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenekes,
Ketcham, Koontz, William Lawrencc, Loughridge,
McClurg, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Newcomb, Noell,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Pile, Polsley, Raum,
Robinson. Ross, Schenok, Selye, Sitgreaves, Smith,
Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Henry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Wclker. James F.Wilson.andStephen F. Wilson—55.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Delos R. Ashley,
Baldwin. Banks,Barnum, Blaine, Bromwell, Brooks,
Butler, Cake, Chanlor. Churchill, Cornell, Dodge,
Donnelly, Eckley, Eggleston, Eliot, Ferry, Garfield,
Glossbrcnner, Griswold, Harding, Hayes, Hill, Hop-
kins. Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard fo.
Hubbard,Hulburd, Humphrey, Judd, Kelley, Kelsey,
Kerr, Kitchen, Lailin, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Lynch,
Mallory, Marshall, Marvin, McCarthy, McCullough,
Morgan, Morreil, Morrissey, Mungen, Nicholson,
Peters, Phelps, Pike, Poland, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Ran-
dall, Sawyer, Sheilabarger, Thaddeus Stevens, Stew-
art, Stone, Taffe.Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn,
Van Wyck, Thomas Williams, John T. "Wilson, and
Wood—70.
So the House refused toJake a recess.
leave of absence.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained leave
of absence for Mr. SheiXabarger for the
remainder of the session.
printing for the departments.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask leave to
report back from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary the joint resolution referred to it last
evening in regard to the printing of the De-
partments, with a substitute in the form of a
bill. It is a bill explanatory of section ten of
chapter eighty-seven of the law of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress, passed March 2, 1807.
No objection was made, and the bill was
received and read a first and second time by
its title, as follows:
A bill supplementary to an act entitled "An act
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses of
the Government for the year ending June 30, 1868,
and for other purposes," passed March 2,186;.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will state that
the amendment reported by the committee
does not make any material change in the joint
resolution as referred, but we have described
the act to which it is an amendment by its
proper, title.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, informed the House that
the Senate had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses in relation to the sup-
plementary reconstruction bill.
communication from state department.
Mr. BANKS. I wish to present a commu-
nication from the Secretary of State, transmit-
ting a report of the resident minister of the
United States at Quito, republic of Ecuador,
relative to persons claiming to be naturalized
citizens of the United States residing in that
country.
I move that, it be referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
personal explanation.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I am not sufficiently
acquainted with the rules of the House to know
whether what I now desire is in the nature of
a privileged question or a personal right; bat
as the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Kelley,] in reply to a question which I pro-
pounded to him, entered at some length into
the question of the position of the southern
States, and inasmuch as I could not get the
floor to reply to him, I ask unanimous consent
of the House to print the remarks which I
desired to make.
No objection was made.
Mr. Van Trump's remarks will be published
in the Appendix.
