642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
majesty of violated law of the Republic should
be allowed to ride in a coach-and-four. [Ap-
plause. ]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to inquire if it
requires more horses to draw a man with one
leg than with two ? [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Certain gentlemen went
up to Canada with the aid of their two legs
and no horses. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] as I have heard, made
a charge in the late war which, if he had fol-
lowed up, might have taken him to Canada.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. That is an old Ho, which
has been exploded in the teeth of liars long ago.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I supposed the gentle-
man would get nervous over it. I know he
has contradicted it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I renew the demand for
the previous question, and decline to yield
further.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to ask a pertinent
question. Upon what information or what
estimate of the War Department is this appro-
priation asked for? In considering an appro-
priation of such a largo amount of money it
is proper that the House should be in posses-
sion of information which will warrant lis in
passingit. Here is a naked resolution, without
rhyme or reason, appropriating a very large
amount of money.
Mr. BINGHAM. My answer to the gentle-
man is that the estimate has been made by the
War Department under the requirement of this
House ; it has been reported to the House and
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would inquire if Gen-
eral Sickles does not claim that he wants the
whole amount of this appropriation for the two
Carolinas?
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not so understand.
Mr. HOLMAN. Perhaps the gentleman
will allow the estimate to be read.
Several Members. It is before us.
The previous question was seconded—ayes
73, noes 19, and the main question ordered;
and under the operation thereof the joint reso-
lution was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time;-and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
Mr. CHANLER. I demand the yeas and
nays on the passage.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 84, nays 20, not vot-
ing 66 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, James
M. Ashley, Baker, Beaman, Benjamin, Benton, Bins-
ham, Blair, Boutwell, Bucklaml, Churchill, Cobb,
Cobuvn, Cook, Oovode, Cullom, Dawes,Dixon, Driggs,
Ela.Ferriss, Finney, Halsey, Hamilton, Hill, Hooper,
Hopkins, Chester 1>. Hubbard, Hunter, Ingersoll,
.Tenckes, Judd, Julian, Kellcy, Kelsey, Ketcham,
Koontz, "Willi;..!., Lawrence, Loan. Logan, McClurg,
Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorliead, Myers, O'Neill,
Orth, Porham, Peters, Pile, Plants, Poisley, Price,
Raum, Robertson, Schenck, Scefield, Selye, Shanks,
Spalding. Starkweather, Aaron Stevens, Taife,
Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge, Twichcll, Upson, Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Ward, Oadwalader 0.
Washburn, Henry I). Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Welkcr, Thomas Williams, William Williams,
James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wil-
son, and Woodbvidge—S4.
NAYS— Messrs. Adams, Archer, Boyer, Burr,
Chanler, Eldi'idge,Fox, Getz, Haight, Hoi man, Mor-
rissey, Kowcomb, A'ieholson, Randall, Robinson,
Itoss, Sitgreaves, Tuber, Van Auken, and Van
Trump—20.
NOT VOTING—Messrs.Delos R. Ashley, Baldwin,
Banks, Barnes, Barnum, Blaine, Bromwell, Brooks,
Broomail,Butler, Cake, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cornell. Dodge, Donnelly, Eckley, Eggleston,
Ehot, Farnsworth, Ferry, Fields, Garfield, Gloss-
brenncr, Giavely, Griswold. Hardin;:, Hayes, Hotch-
kiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D.Hubbard,Hul-
burd, Humphrey, Kerr, Kitchen, Laflin, George V.
Lawrence, Lincoln, Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory,
Marshall, Marvin, McCarthy, McCullough, Morgan,
Morrell, Mungen, Niblack, JSToell, Paine, Phelps,
Pike, Poland, Pomcroy.Pruyn, Sawyer, Shellabarger,
Smith. Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Stone, Robert T.
Van Horn, Van Wyck, Windom, and Wood—06.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. BEAMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
. moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
that when the House adjourns it adjourn to
meet at seven o'clock on Monday evening.
And I will state in explanation of my motion
that I am told that there is no possibility of
our getting the veto during the day session it
we meet at twelve o'clock; that we certainly
cannot get it before the evening.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend the
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts
so as to provide that the House shall meet at
ten o'clock on Tuesday morning.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would inquire which
of those gentlemen opposite has had a per-
sonal interview with the President to inquire
when the veto would come in? I suppose
it must be the gentleman from the Lancas-
ter district of Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
[Laughter.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will modify my motion
so as to provide that the House shall meet at
the usual hour on Tuesday.
The question was taken on Mr. Ingebsoli.'s
amendment, and there were—ayes 41, noes 53.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Hooper's
motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
if any gentleman objects it will require a sus-
pension of the rules, inasmuch as the gentle-
man's motion proposes to change the hour of
meeting.
Several members objected.
Mr. HOOPER. I move a suspension of the
rules to enable me to submit my motion.
The question was taken ; and (two thirds not
voting in the affirmative) the rules were not
suspended.
And then, on motioji of Mr. HOOPER, (at
four o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
petition, etc.
Tiie following petition, &e., wero presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of Miss Eugenia
Washington, praying that Congress may purchase a
sworil formerly belonging to General Washington.
By Mr. BAiTKS: The memorial ofElias Howe, for
the extension of his patent as the inventor of the
sewing-machine for the term of seven yeais from the
10th of September, 1867.
IN SENATE.
Monday, July 15, 1807.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday lasPwas read and
approved.
Hon. John Sherman, of Ohio, appeared in
his seat.
business 01' the session.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
take up the resolution that I laid on the table
on Saturday.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let it be rgad.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That the rule of the Senate limiting
business be suspended, so far as to allow the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 121) to enforcc the several
provisions of the Constitution abolishing slavery,
declaring the immunities of citizens, and guaranty-
ing a republican form of government by securing the
elective franchise to colored citizens.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As this is a question
peculiarly belonging to the majority, perhaps
it is not my province to interpose. If it is the
pleasure of the majority to take up and pass
this bill, 1 suppose 1 ought not to object; but I
think the rule of the Senate adopted at the
commencement of this session was a wise one;
and indeed I think it would have been better
if Congress were not in session at this time at
all. I am in favor of standing rigidly by that
rule. I have objected to taking up measures
that I felt were in and of themselves right
enough ; but if we open the door at all, we can-
not tell how far we may go before we close it,
and as I think there is nothing for the Senate
to do this morning, I move an adjournment.
Mr. RAMSEY. We had better have an
executive session, I think. There are some
nominations to be reported and acted on.
Mr. HENDIifCKS. I think that is proper
enough. I move, therefore, that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senator suspend that motion while 1 present a
letter which seems to be addressed to the Sen-
ate, and it had perhaps better be read?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
antietam national cemetery dedication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has received a letter which he will have read
for the information of the Senate.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
181 East Bkoadway, New York, July 8,1837.
Sir: A committee of arrangements appointed by
the board of management of the Antietam National
Cemetery have fixed upon thel7th day of July,1867,
the anniversary of the battle from which it derives
its name, for the dedication of the same, and consti-
tute the undersigned a special committee to secure
the attendance of yourself and the members and
other ofliccrs of the body over which you preside.
In fulfilling this pleasant duty, inconsideiation of
the favorable influence upon others, which an early
assurance of your compliance with this invitation
would not fail to have, and in grateful remembrance
of what Congress have already done for the sepulture
of the nation's heroic dead, we shall await your ac-
ceptance of it with no little concern, giving, as it
would, proof of the continuance of your sympathy
in the patriotic work committed, in part, to tho
board which we represent, by States having dead oil
the field of Antiotam.
Asking that you will lay this communication beforo
the Senate at your earliest convenience, we beg to
subscribe ourselves,
Very respectfully, yours,
J. E. SNODGRASS,
THOMAS A. BOULLT,
G. L. CRAKMER,
Special Committee of Invitation.
Hon. Bexjamix F. Wadb,
# President of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT^iro tempore. This seems
to be an invitation to the Senators of this body
to attend on the occasion named, and of course
it is proper to lay it before the Senate. The
communication will lie on the table if no other
disposition of it be proposed.
executive session.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Now, as a test question
whether the Senate will stand by its rule, L
move, in antagonism to the motion of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course I did not expect
the vote of the Senator from Indiana for the
bill giving suffrage throughout this country
without distinction of color. He is against it
naturally by all the professions of his life.
Therefore, when he moves that the Senate pro-
ceed with the consideration of other business,
he is acting logically according to his convic-
tions and practice. I am not surprised at the
motion. I shall not oppose it now, because
looking around I find that the attendance is so
thin that I cannot hope to bring the question
to a final decision. Possibly, after discussion,
even my friend from Indiana may change his
whole system of policy. Who knows? He,
too, may see light., and he may see that my
bill is the only effectual way of carrying suffrage
into Indiana. He will see that without my bill
equal suffrage cannot be established fh Indiana;
and then inspired by democratic ideas—I speak
of democratic ideas in the true sense—who
knows that he may not sustain the bill? I
welcome him to the ranks of equal justice ; but
for the present I shall make no opposition to
his motion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is not necessary for
the Senator to express any surprise or make
any remark about the fact that I make this op-
position. This rule of the Senate was adopted
before I was able to be present. I thought
when I came to learn of it that it was right. I
understand it was adopted by a very decided
majority that the Senate would not go into
the consideration of other business. If the
Senate should go into tho consideration of
other business, however, I think that logically,
to return tho compliment of the Senator, he is
right; not that I ever expect to support his
bill, but I think that there is just ni much au-
thority under the Constitution for Congress to
regulate suffrage in Indiana as in any other
State of this Union.
