646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July .15,
Senator is not a proposition to amend the rules
or to rescind the rules, but a proposition to
declare tliat this rule shall not be applied to a
particular proposition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion of order having been made, it is not de-
batable in the first instance,- and the Chair
must decide it in the light he has. After the
decision of the Chair has been made, then on
appeal the question will be open to debate. I
suppose that by the rules of the Senate a stand-
ing rule cannot be modified or rescinded except
after at least one day's notice. In this case I
understand that notice was given that a motion
■would be made to suspend or modify the rule
for the purpose of taking up this bill.
Mr. POMEROY. It is not a rule of the
Senate that is in conflict with this. It'is a reso-
lution we passed at the opening of the session,
which is confined to this session. It is not a
resolution to be standing here perpetually ; it
is only for this session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I do not
suppose that makes any difference.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask that the notice given
by the Senator from Kansas may be read from
the J ourcal of Saturday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read.
The Chief Cleric read the following extract
from the Journal of Saturday last:
"Mr. Pomeroy gave notice that on Monday nexthe
would move to suspend or repeal so much of the res-
olution of the Senate of the 5th instant, limiting the
legislation of the presentsession, as would enable the
Senate to consider the bill (H. K. No. 108; tor the
relief of certain volunteer soldiers and sailors therein
designated."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
believes it is in order under that^otice now to
make the motion. The motion is in order to
suspend, according to that notice, the rule for
the purpose of taking up this bill; and the
motion is under the control of a majority of
the Senate
Mr. HENDRICKS. From that decision of
the Chair I appeal.
The PRESlDENTprofemjwre. The ques-
tion is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of the Senate?
Mr. HENDRICKS. The rules of the Sen-
ate may be changed and amended, or any par-
ticular rule may be repealed or rescinded by
resolution. That resolution being presented
to the body to amend the rules or to repeal
any portion of them, must lie over one day.
It cannot be considered if objection be made
on the day it is presented. As I understand it,
such a resolution falls within the rule g6vern-
ing the introduction of any other resolution.
Now, what is the purpose of the Senator from
Kansas? It is not a proposition to amend the
rules; it is not a proposition to rescind any
rule; but stripping it of its language it is
simply a proposition to declare that a resolution
of the Senate shall not apply to a particular
bill; in other words, that we will transact busi-
ness in disregard of a rule which his resolution
leaves in force. He does not propose to re-
peal the resolution; he does not propose to
change the resolution, but for the time being
and in regard to this particular bill, that the
resolution shall not be the law of the Senate.
That is what he proposes. I say that is not in
order. We may amend our rules ; I admit we
may rescind them ; but we cannot declare that
for a particular piece of business the rule is
not the law of the Senate. On that ground I
think the motion is out of order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am a little surprised
that so clear-headed a gentleman as we all
know our friend from Indiana to be cannot see
that the Senate*could not pass an order which
it might not in some way change, modify, or
revoke at its pleasure. In the House of Repre-
sentatives, to change a rule requires two thirds.
Here a majority is sufficient. But for the rule
that has been referred to, a majority might
revoke any order, any rule, at any time, with-
out reflection or consideration; but to guard
against hasty action, the rule of the Senate
ri quues that one day's notice shall bo given of
the intention to change an order or rule of the
Senate. That has been given in this case, so
that the only limitation on our power made by
the rules has been applied. The case is so
clear that I am surprised that my friend from
Indiana should appeal from the decision of the
Chair. That is rarely done in this body except
where there is very grave question.
Mr. SUMNER. I cannot doubt that under
the rules of the Senate, and according to its
practice we may change the rule pro tanto, if
I may so express myself, by a majority vote,
but as the Senator from Ohio says on proper
notice. Notice has been given and we are now
in condition to make the change. Had the
notice been given for a proposition to rescind
the rule or to change it entirely, I presume no
Senator would doubt that it could be done ;
hut the notice has not been given to that extent,
but simply to the extent of modifying the rule
so far as to allow the introduction of certain
business. I cannot doubt that sUch a notice
is according to the usage of the Senate; and I
will go further now, as I am up, and state that
I shall vote for it, because I am anxious to
secure to every measure an opportunity of
being heard ; but in voting for its consideration
I would have it understood that I do not mean
to pledge myself with regard to the bill. I
mean to keep that question open.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The honorable Senator
from Ohio did not understand the precise point
that I made. I do not question that by reso-
lution we may repeal a resolution of the body.
I do not question that we may rescind a rule of
the body; but that is not the proposition before
the Senate. The proposition of the Senator
from Kansas is, that the rule of the Senate
remaining such shall not apply, for the time
being, to a particular piece of business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator
whether that is anything more or less than
a modification of the rule?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think it is not a mod-
ification of the rule at all. You may amend
the rule by declaring that hereafter it shall cfoly
apply to a particular class of business, such as
to joint resolutions, or such as to bills, and to
nothing else. I do not question that you may
amend it: but this is not an amendment of the
rule itself, but a declaration that for the time
being its force is suspended. Does the Senator
from Maine think we can suspend a rule by a
majority vote, that we can leave a rule stand-
ing and yet suspend it until we act in disregard
of it? That is the precise question that is sub-
mitted to the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. There are one or two
rules that we are in the habit toward the close
of every session of suspending for the session,
relative to receiving bills from the House of
Representatives.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But there is a special
provision for that, giving authority to do so
under the 26th Rule.
Mr. POMEROY. I know there is, but it
shows that we have the power.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It shows you have the
power as far as it is granted.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, we are
to judge of this argument by the result at which
we arrive. The practical result is that a mere
majority of the Senate by a proceeding of this
kind can suspend any of its rules, provided
always that you commence twenty-four hours
before the act is perfected. Therefore, instead
of the Senate being protected against haste by
the requirement of a two-thirds vote to sus-
pend a rule, as is the case in the House of
Representatives, business is subject to a more
vote of a majority, and the importance and
effect of your rules as a check upon legisla-
tion is almost entirely removed. We have
heretofore supposed that you may do this,
that, and the other thing by unanimous con-
sent, but that a two-thirds vote of the Senate
could not disturb the order of our business.
The practical result of having such motions as
that now submitted and indorsing them as in
order will be that hereafter the rules of the
Senate may be su&pended by it mere majority
upon any particular occasion whenever a ma-
jority may desire to act, and we shall be in a
worse situation with reference to the integrity
and operation of our rules than even the
House of Representatives, when we supposed
that we were acting under more stringent and
salutary principles.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If I understand the Chair
to rule that it is in order to suspend a rule or
order of the Senate, orthe operation of it, upon
a clay's notice, or any other notice, and that
the appeal is taken from that abstract decision
I shall be obliged to vote against the decision
of the Chair; but if I understand the Chair to
rule that under this notice of the Senator from
Kansas it is in order to proceed to the con-
sideration of this bill, then I believe the Chair
to be right under the latter branch of the prop-
osition of the Senator from Kansas, that is,
that this order be so far modified as to permit
that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
did not intend to decide any more than the
question before it; that is, that the notice was
to modify the rule so that this bill might be
taken up, and notice having been given of that,
the Chair supposed the greater included the
less. If you could rescind a rule on such a
notice, I suppose you might modify it for any
particular purpose like this. That was the
idea the Chair had.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In that opinion I con-
cur ; and I rose to say, understanding the lan-
guage of the Chair differently, and desiring to
understand what the meaning of it was, that I
do not think we can suspend a rule of order
on a day's notice any better than we can do it
immediately, because that is an entirely differ-
ent thing. The suspension of a rule is one thing
and the repeal or modification of it is another.
We cannot suspend a rule at all, unless there
is provision for it, on any amount of notice.
At least so it appears to me. Understanding
now the ruling of the Chair, I deem it correct,
and shall vote to sustain it.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not give notice of
suspending the rule of the Senate, but notice
to suspend it so far as should be necessary to
enable us to consider this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of the Senate?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish simply to say
that on the_ mere question of order, whether
the Chair is right in the ruling, I shall be
compelled to vote to sustain the ruling of the
Chair, believing it to be right ) but when we
come to the question of proceeding to the con-
sideration of the bill, that is another question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Quite a different question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. So far as the mere
ruling of the Chair is concerned I think it is
right.
Mr. HENDRICKS. My opinion on this
question is changed; but after hearing the
expression of experienced Senators upon it,
that it is right to amend a resolution of this
sort so as to let in one particular bill, I must
yield to their judgment. I think its effect is
simply to suspend the rule ; that is iny opinion
about it now; but as Senators for whom I have
so much respect differ with me on that ques-
tion I withdraw the appeal.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The appeal
being withdrawn, the question is on taking up
the bill named by the Senator from Kansas.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The question as to whether
it is desirable to go into general legislation may
as well be settled on this motion as on any
other that I know of. This is one of a cla^s
of a great many bills that interest certain .sec-
tions of the country. Every section of the
country has its share of that sort of bills. There
may be merit upon which this bill is founded;
I presume there is some. There may be many j
cases which' might justly claim the protection
that this bill would give; but I am satisfied
that the bill contains elements that will require
a good deal of discussion; that questions of
finance will be involved in it, the expenditure
of public money, of how far it is necessary to
