1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
647
go to protect the Treasury against claims for
bounties, extra pay, allowances for clothing,
and a variety of considerations that always
surround cases of that description. Now I do
not see any reason, I confess, why this bill,
more than half a dozen others that have been
laid on your table, should be passed at this
session; and therefore it is that 1 shall be
obliged, without committing myself as to the
perfect merit of the bill itself either way, to
vote against taking it up, because I have heard
no good special reason assigned why there is
any just cause for haste. It has been said that
some people are in prison charged with deser-
tion. If any people are in prison charged with
desertion who come within what is said to be
the proper scope of the bill, that is, persons
who left their commands after the surrender
of Lee in good faith, satisfied their time was
out and that it was right for them to go home,
I undertake to say that it would require only an
application on the part of any Senator or Rep-
resentative from any State where such a case
existed to the War Department to obtain an
order that that person shall be discharged on
bis own recognizance. To say the least, I
think that if there were any Vermonter im-
prisoned under such circumstances, of whom
I could go to the Secretary of War and truly
say that I was satisfied it was a case of inno-
cent technical breach of the law, he would
have sufficient faith in my word to Kay that the
soldier should not be kept in prison — that
he should be discharged on his own recogni-
zance.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not a question of
habeas corpus, but a question whether these
men shall be disfranchised under the laws dis-
franchising-deserters.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand that; but I
was now alluding to what was said to me the
other day by a distinguished Senator that there
was necessity for haste on account of the hard-
ship of certain persons being imprisoned. As
to that, I think that in any case which would
commend itself to the favorable consideration
of any Senator or Representative so that he
would feci authorized to make an application
of that behalf, the soldier would have his lib-
erty.
Now, as to disfranchisement: we have always
held as to all State elections and matters cer-
tainly, that that was a matter of State cogni-
zance and that the States were to decide who
among their citizens were to be entitled to vote
or to be disentitled for crimes that were com-
mitted. Certainly, whether so or not, these
facts must have existed since 18G5, when these
armies were disbanded; and there can be, there-
fore, now no special reason that I understand
why we should proceed at this time to make
haste to enfranchise or to disfranchise any of
these classes of persons, because under that
head it falls into the general class of legislation
which at the proper time and in the ordinary
way of course wo all expect to attend to.
Mr. HOWE. Some of the Senate may re-
member that when this resolution, which it is
now proposed to modify, was before the Sen-
ate, I remonstrated as strongly as I knew how
against the passage of it. I thought the doors
of legislation should be left open to the whole
country, that anybody might be allowed to
introduce a bill here and have it passed upon
according to its merits. The Senate thought
otherwise; and by a very decided majority
agreed to this resolution, which has excluded
so far the whole people of the country, except
in reference to specified subjects. Now, Mr.
President, whatever has been said or whatever
can be said hereafter in reference to the merits
of this measure before the Senate, I must be
allowed to say for one^liat while all the rest
of the nation is excluded from these Halls, I
do not think it is worth while for us to reach
out and drag in the deserters here for rehef to
the exclusion of everybody else. Until, there-
fore, you consent to open these doors to every-
body, to those who have not deserted, 1 shall
not agree to open them to those who have,
even although the desertion may be said to be
technical.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not like to hear the
class of men described in this bill character-
ized as deserters. Technically they may be;
but the Senator from Wisconsin _ certainly
would not desire to perpetuate a stigma that
is cast by-the construction of a law, as I think
wrongly put on the law, upon a class of men
who served their country for four years during
the war, and served until the end of the war.
The only interest I feel in the bill is an interest
that I get from my eolleagues_ in the other
House who are more familliar with the details
and the facts than I am. Under the construc-
tion put upon the law, as I understand, quite
a number of soldiers, not only from Ohio, but
from all the States, who served their country
to the close of the war, until every rebel arm
had been laid down, until there was no hostile
force in the United States, are stigmatized as
deserters. They believed their service was
then at an end. I believe so now. I believe
that under the terms of their enlistment they
were entitled to their discharge. 1 believe
the authorities of the War Department thought
so; but they believed the condition of the
country justified them in giving a different
construction to the enlistment. I myself
served as an enlisting officer, and uniformly
told all the men that when the war was over,
even if it should be within the three years,
they would be entitled to their discharge. I
have seen statements posted all over the conn
try, signed by officers of the Army, that the
enlistment was for three years, if the war
should so long continue; and if it did not
continue so long the enlistment would be at
an end. On the faith of that many of these
enlistments were made. Many of the men
served more than three years; and then some
of them reenlisted. Foolishly, however, they
put their own construction on the law, and
wont home. I do not justify that. By so
doing they lost their pay; they lost their
bounty ; they lost the honors which they had
fairly won for their previous service. Now,
in addition to all that, on account of the
patriotism of some of our States, they are
about to bo branded with exclusion from office
and from the right to vote.
Do Senators desire that? I do not care how
you limit the bill, how you restrict it and re-
strain it; I do not care how much you affect
their pay, their bounty, their emoluments. Let
them forfeit all these, because they acted fool-
ishly in giving their construction to the law.
But is it right that you should intiict upon them
the stigma of being classed as deserters, when
they are not, in the true sense of the word, de-
serters ? That infamy ought not to be stamped
upon them. You will find eases of this kind in
every one of the loyal States.
I do not know anything about the rule which
Senators have been commenting upon. I was
not here when it was adopted, and 1 have not
yet been able to road the debate on the subject,
and to understand how far that rule goes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The case is out of the rule
now. - „ ,
Mr. SHERMAN. If the rule is out of the
way, the only question is whether we ought not
now, when we have nothing else to do, to cor-
rect this injustice as far as we _can. Let the
Military Committee take up this bill, strip it
of every objectionable feature; if they think it
ought not to go further than merely to remove
the disabilities in the class of cases to which I
-have referred, let them do that. It seems to
me it is not time misspent, and that it ought
to be done now; because if we postpone it
until next winter, as a matter of course these
men will be deprived of their right to vote and
their right to hold office.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend allow me
to ask him where is the difficulty in any State
makintr provision for these exceptional and
merely technical cases ? If the State of \ er-
mont wishes to disfranchise deserters, why can
she not say in her constitution or in her law,
"We disfranchise all deserters ; but no man
shall be considered as a deserter who in good
faith, after the surrender of Lee, left his ranks
and went home?"
Mr. SHERMAN. I will answer that. The
difficulty is because the Legislatures are not in
session. Congress would not have declared
a person of this character a deserter if they
had foreseen all the events that arose after-
ward, and known the circumstances connected
with these eases. The Legislatures of the States
are not in session, however. Take the case of
my own State; there for a patriotic purpose,
to stamp with infamy men who had deserted
their country in the hour of trial and need,
after enlisting into its service^ it is proposed
to exclude permanently from voting all per-
sons wli£> are really deserters. _
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Legislature can rec-
But it is not in session.
It can do it when it
tify that.
Mr. SHERMAN.
Mr. EDMUNDS.
meets again.
Mr. SHERMAN. The difficulty is that the
constitutional amendment of which I have
spoken is submitted under the laws of the State
of Ohio to the people of the State. That con-
stitutional amendment embraces two_ proposi-
tions : first, that there shall be no distinction
in the State of Ohio on account of color in
voting; and second, that deserters shall not
vote. Will you endanger the first provision by
refusing at this time, when you have the oppor-
tunity, to relieve from this stigma of desertion
a class of men who served faithfully during the
war? Will you say that the Legislature ought
not to have made this provision ? It is there
and it cannot be changed ; there is no power
by which it can be changed. The vote must
be taken on it before you meet again.
This is the case in the State I represent upon
the hasty information given to me ; but it is
the case also all over the United States that
the construction given to the law will disfran-
chise many honorable men ; men who have
won scars in your scrvice, and will stamp the
name of many of them with infamy. Many of
these men reentered the service after the time
when tliey went home ioolishly. In some cases
they are dead, and their children are to be
stamped witli this infamy, because it is an
infamy to be branded as a deserter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you mean that any
returned to the service after they left on the
Kith of April—went back and served again?
Mr. SHERMAN. Doubtless some went
back, joined their regiments when they found
that this thing was wrong.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The regiments were mus-
tered out within a very few months after that
time.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend is mistaken.
Some men were held for more than a year after
that. Two regiments that I knew were held
and sent to Texas, and served in the most
offensive of all services, remote, far from home,
for nearly a year after their real term of enlist-
ment had expired. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Wilson] can tell how many
thousands, probably one hundred thousand
men, were kept in service months and months
after their enlistment expired, many of them
from our State. Many of them5 when they
found that they had put a wrong construction
on the law, and that the penalties were likely
to be very severe, returned again to their regi-
ments; but still that fatal mark stands on the
muster-roll against them, and although they
served their country afterward and in some
cases died in the service, that word "deserter
stands opposite their names on the muster-roll.
It seems to me that we ought to correct the
injustice in this case, where it is so manifest
and plain, leaving the doubtful cases to be set-
tled hereafter. .
Mr. HOWARD. I would beg to inquire of
the Senator from Ohio whether there is any-
thing in the constitution of his State that will
prohibit the Legislature from relieving in such
cases as those to which he refers?
