650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
ing the information called for by the resolution
of the 3d instant requesting the President "to
communicate to the Senate copies of all orders,
instructions, circular letters, or letters of ad-
vice issued to the respective military officers
assigned to the command of the several mili-
tary districts under the act passed March 2,
1867, entitled "An act to provide for the more
efficient government of the rebel States," and
the act supplementary thereto, passed March
23, 1867 ; also copies of all opinions given to
him by the Attorney General of the United
States touching the construction and interpre-
tation of said acts, and of all correspondence
relating to the operation, construction, or exe-
cution of said acts that may have taken place
between himself and any of said commanders,
or between him and the General of the Army,
or between the latter and any of the said com-
manders touching the same subjects ; also copies
of all orders issued by any of said commanders
in carrying out the provisions of said acts, or
either of them ; also that he inform the Sen-
ate what progress lias been made in the matter
of registration under said acts, and whether
the sum of money heretofore appropriated for
carrying them out is probably sufficient."
tis answer to that portion of the resolution
which inquires whether the sum of money
heretofore appropriated for carrying these acts
into effect is probably sufficient, reference is
made to the accompanying report of the Secre-
tary of War. It will be seen from that report
that the appropriation of $500,000 made in
the act approved March 30, 1867, for the pur-
pose of carrying into effect an " act to provide
for the more efficient government of the rebel
States," passed March 2, 1867, and the act
supplementary thereto, passed March 23,1867,
has already been expended by the commanders
of the several military districts; and that in_
addition the sum of §1,618,277 is required for
present purposes.
It is exceedingly difficult at the present time
to estimate the probable expense of carrying
into full effect the two acts of March last and
the bill which passed the two Houses of Con-
gress on the 13th instant. If the existing gov-
ernments of ten States of the Union are to be
deposed, and the entire machinery is to be
placed under the exclusive control and author-
ity of the respective district commanders, all
the expenditures incident to the administration
of such governments must necessarily be in-
curred by the Federal Government. It is
believed that, in addition to the $2,100,000
already expended or estimated for, the sum
which would be required for this purpose
would not be less than $14,000,000—the aggre-
gate amount expended prior to the rebellion in
the administration of their respective govern-
ments by the ten States embraced in the pro-
visions of these acts.
This suin would no doubt be considerably
augmented if the machinery of these States is
to be operated by the Federal Government,-and
would be largely increased if the United States,
by abolishing the existing State governments,
should become responsible for liabilities in-
curred by them before the rebellion in lauda-
ble efforts to develop their resources, and in no
wise created for insurrectionary or revolution-
ary purposes. The debts of these States, thus
legitimately incurred, when accurately ascer-
tained. will, it is believed, approximate a hun-
dred million dollars; and they are held not
only by our own citizens, among whom are
residents of portions of the country which have
ever remained loyal to the Union, but by per-
sons who are the subjects of foreign Govern-
ments. It is worthy the consideration of Con-
gress and the country whether, if the Federal
Government by its action were to assume such
obligations, so large an addition to our public
expenditures would not seriously impair the
credit of the nation ; or, on the other hand,
whether the refusal of Congress to guaranty
the payment of the debts of these States, after
having displaced or abolished their State gov-
ernments, would not be viewed as a violation of
good faith and a repudiation by the national
Legislature of liabilities which these States had
justly and legally incurred.
ANDREW JOHNSON'.
Washington, D. C., July 15, 1867.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not sympathize at
all with the message in its prognostications
about, the liability of the United States to pay
the dejjts of these reconstructed States. I
look upon all that in the message as purely a
false alarm started for the purpose of shaking
the nerves of creditors and other persons in-
terested in these new governments of Mr.
Johnson. All that is jmre moonshine, accord-
ing to my apprehension, thrown in for the
mere purpose of producing a party effect and
agitating public opinion and public credit.
But I will not go into the message further
than to make that simple observation. I move
that the message and accompanying docu-
ments be laid on the table and printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think the
Senator from Michigan is justified under the
principles of public law in stating that that
portion of the message to which he refers is
moonshine or is calculated simply to excite
a false alarm. The Senator from Michigan
will hardly question the proposition of law,
that the conqueror in acquiring territory by
conquest does not acquire that territory free
from the obligations and debts of the govern-
ment overcome, existing at the time of the
commencement of hostilities ; and if these
southern States, according to the present doc-
trine and policy of the majority, are to be
held as conquered territorj-, governments de-
posed and in their stead governments estab-
lished by Congress, under what obligation
does Congress, or rather does the Govern-
ment of the United States acquire this territory
by conquest? Will the Senator say that the
State governments which were found in exist-
ence at the time of the commencement of hos-
tilities, and which many believed continued to
exist as governments tie jure and de facto dur-
ing the war and up to the close of the war,
being suppressed and wiped out of existence
by the authority of the Government of the
United States, and other governments being
established in their stead, the debt which was
owed by those States has ceased to exist, or
that Congress can impose that debt upon a
separate government which it may establish
down there?
The President of the United States has ex-
pressed no positive opinion on this question,
but he has made the suggestion, and my atten-
tion has not been called to this subject for the
first time by this message. In the fall of 1805,
the then Governor of the State of Indiana, who
is my present colleague in this body, made a
very able speech in vindication of the policy
and course of President Johnson at that time,
and in that speech he called the attention of
the country to the fact that, under law the con-
queror does not acquire the conquered country
free from the debts owed by the prior govern
ment, and that if we hold this country by con-
quest and suppress existing governments we
must look to the question of the indebtedness
which may fall upon us. Nearly two years
ago, one of the very ablest men of the Repub-
lican and now Radical party of the United
States, in a very carefully considered speech, !j
expressed the views that are enunciated in this ji
message. So that the Senator from Michigan,
in my judgment, is hardly authorized to speak
of this view of the subject as " moonshine."
It is not to be got rid of quite so easily. The
debts that were owed by the southern States
at the time of the commencement of hostili-
ties are existing debts still; and if the Govern-
ment of the United States acquires that coun- |
try by conquest, holds it by conquest, wipes out j
of existence the existing governments, and !
establishes a government there according to its i
own pleasure, it is worthy of very grave con- I
gideration upon whose shoulders the indebted- i
ness of the conquered country must rest. i
Mr. President, the Senator will have to meet i
this question, possibly, in a graver form than
he has seen fit to speak of it this morning. He
will find the attention of the country attracted
to this question. The able speech to which I
have referred attracted a great deal of attention
at the time. I do not believe that in any pos-
sible event these debts are to fall upon the
United States, for I believe the State govern-
ments have never been out of existence. I do
not believe that any ordinance of secession
could take them out of the Union. 1 do not
believe the war took them out. I believe they
have been, in the eye of the Constitution,
States of tho Union all the while, and that they
rightfully came into the exercise of all their
rights and to the discharge of all their duties
with the Union at the close of the war, and
that their indebtedness remains upon them-
selves.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask h im a question?
Mr. HENDRICKS. With great pleasure.
Mr. HOWE. If they were States during the
war, were they or were they not entitled to all
the rights of States then, including the right of
representation ill this body?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the question
is answered more satisfactorily in the lan-
guage that has been attributed to Mr. Liucolu
than in any language that I can use : by the
war, the practical relation of the States iu
connection with the Union was disturbed ;
when peace returned it was the business of this
Government to see that those practical rela-
tions were restored. When practical relations
are broken off practical representation ceases.
Mr. HOWE. I agree with that statement,
that the practical relations were disturbed.
The question I submitted to the Senator from
Indiana was, how far they were disturbed ; if
they were disturbed so far as to deprive them
during the war of the right to representation
in the Congress of the United States and the
Electoral College ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. That was the opinion
I expressed, that their practical relations being
suspended practical representation was neces-
sarily suspended.
Mr. HOWE. Then, in order that I may
understand the whole theory of the Senator, I
should like to ask wdiat it was. what clause of
the Constitution it was which deprived them
of the right of representation here so long as
they were States? Where did we get our
power to deny them the right of representa-
tion here if they were States ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not understand
that the practical relations of the southern
States to the Union were disturbed by virtue
of any provision of the Constitution of the
United States. The Constitution remained all
the while ; and during a part of the war, when
the practical relations were not so far broken
off as to prevent it, some of these States were
represented, and were represented with the
approval, as I understand, of the Senator from
V\ isconsin. What was the position of Virginia
when I came as a Representative to this body
in the middle of the war? She had two Sen-
ators here—Senators recognized by the Sena-
- tor—and I believe both of those Senators came
to this body after the commencement of hos-
tilities, after the declaration of secession by
the State of Virginia. The Senator himself
recognized the right of representation. Sir,
the practical disturbance was that which resulted
from the war which made, practically, repre-
sentation impossible.
Mr. IIO'iiE. Mr. President, the practical
relation 
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before the Senator goes
on I will ask him a question. Did he believe,
in 18G3, in the midst of the war, Virginia hav-
ing seceded, that she was entitled to repre-
sentation in this body?
Mr. HOWE. I will answer the Senator very
promptly and very willingly. The right of Vir-
ginia, or her authority in the Union, was no
more affected, in my judgment, by her ordi-
nance of secession, than was the authority of
