1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ing the rebellion, could they set up that they
were not honest debts?
_ Mr. .JOHNSON. Certainly not; unques-
tionably not. Then the question for us to de-
cide is whether if the State government con-
tracting the debt would be bound to admit the
legality of the debt, could not get clear of the
obligation to pay the debt as between itself
anu the persoii holding that debt, the creditor
of the State, when we take possession of them
as conquerors we become responsible for the
according to the doctrine of my
friend from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, no.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am sure my friend did
not intend it, and therefore it was that I asked
the honorable member either to restate his
opinion or more maturely to reflect upon the
results of that opinion.
But, sir, I rose not so much or at all for that
purpose as simply to say that as far as I am now
able to come to a conclusion, with all due re-
spect for the opinion of the President of the
United States, I do not believe that the opinion
expressed by him hypothetically in relation to
the debts to be incurred in carrying on our re-
construction acts or the obligation of the Uni-
ted States to make good any debts antecedently
contracted by these State governments is at all
correct
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have lout a word or
two to say on this subject. I regret very much,
with other Senators, that the President has
brought this subject before us in the shape that
he has. I will not call what he says moon-
shine, as it has been designated by my friend
from Michigan ; but it is so exceedingly falla-
cious in my judgment, and has so very little
foundation, that 1 do not think the President
is justified in making this suggestion, even
under the circumstances, thus perhaps pro-
ducing an effect injurious to our credit.
I accede to the correctness of the doctrine
laid down by the honorable Senator from In-
diana ; but as he states it, and with the infer-
ence that he draws from it, ituseems to me to
be quite fallacious when applied to the existing
state of facts. What is the foundation of the
doctrine ? It is that if -one nation absorbs a
conquered country into itself, deprives it of
all revenues, deprives it of government, de-
prives it of responsibility, and therefore of
all power in every way it makes itself the
heir or successor to its obligations. That I
take to be the principle on which the rule is
founded.
Now, sir, what sort of application has a doc-
trine of that kind, thus founded, to the exist-
ing state of facts? When a nation makes war
upon another, it may be supposed to do so in
order to enforce and protect its own rights;
and if, in enforcing and protecting its own
rights, it interferes with the obligations that
people have assumed toward another 8fnd inde-
pendent nation, it is by no means a ground of
complaint on the part of that nation whose
obligations are thus interfered with, because
every nation has a right to enforce its own
claims, if they are just claims, against another;
and if, from the necessity of the case, claims
of a third party are interfered with, postponed,
delayed, it gives no just cause of offense
against the nation seeking to enforce its own;
and if it becomes necessary, even in the case of
independent peoples, to hold them in sub-
jection for a time in order to complete the
claim which the conquering nation has on the
nation thus conquered, it has a right to do so,
and it does not, by taking that course, subject
itself to be called upon by third parties to meet
their claims. The question is, whether the
conquering nation goes further than is ne-
cessary, and for such a length of time and
under such circumstances as show that they
are not satisfied with enforcing their just
claims, but mean to absorb and deprive of all
power of meeting claims upon it, the nation
thus conquered.
We stand even in a better situation than
that. The obligation that a State of the Union
could assume was perfectly understood by all
the world, either toward an individual or
toward a foreign Government or a foreign cor-
poration. That obligation is totally independ-
ent of the United States; it is like the obliga-
tion of an individual; it takes it upon itself.
The United States is in no way bound to carry
it out, is in no way bound to enforce it, is in
no way bound to do anything except not to
interfere improperly to prevent the payment
by a State of its obligations. If it does thus
improperly interfere it might lay the founda-
tion, undoubtedly, of an equitable claim upon
itself. Now, what was the condition of things?
Here were States over which the United States
had a certain right. That right was denied ;
that right was violated ; that obligation was
broken. What did the United States do as a
people? Simply attempted to enforce, and
succeeded in enforcing its own rights of gov-
ernment and its own rights of property. To
that extent we went—no further. That was the
occasion of the war, and with the occasion
ends the war. But the question is whether we
have absorbed these people, whether we have
deprived them of their power as States improp-
erly, whether we have done anything to pre-
vent the. enforcement and collection of any
just claims that might exist against them out-
side of and beyond the proper enforcement of
our own just claims upon them as connected
with the United States. That is the simple
question. And do gentlemen pretend, can the
President or anybody else say that by the
exercise of our fair judgment in obtaining our
rights of empire, if you please to call it so, our
rights under the Constitution—the rights of
the United States, I mean, as again'st a State
thus setting up its authority in opposition to it
—we have placed ourselves, or are liable to
place ourselves in a condition where we are
bound to discharge all their obligations?
Sir, the pretense seems to me to be an idle
one, having no foundation whatever in fact,
and affording no just ground for the suggestion
that is made in the message to that effect.
When the time comes that we have obliterated
them ; when the time comes that we have
so conducted as to show that we mean that
they never shall exist as States again, that we
mean to deprive them of their power to carry
out and discharge the obligations into which
they have entered, that we have destroyed
them ns a people and destroyed them as a gov-
ernment, and mean to do so, it will be time
enough then for any claimants upon these
States, whether private or public, to say that
we have assumed their obligations. Until that
time comes, any suggestion of this sort is in
my judgment perfectly uncalled for, and ought
not to be considered for a moment as having
weight enough to alarm even those most likely
and most liable to be alarmed for the safely of
any claims they may have against the ten or
eleven States formerly in rebellion.
As to the other question that has been stated,
I do not feel disposed to discuss it. I rose
simply to enter my protest with regard even to
a suggestion in the present state of things that
we had put ourselves in the category supposed
possible by the President, and supposed pos-
sible by my friend from Indiana.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before this subject
passes from the consideration of the Senate^ I
desire simply to add that in my view of this
subject the Government of the ^United States
can rightfully come under no obligation to pay
the debts of the southern States existing prior
to the war, I think the war was prosecuted,
as it was declared by Congress, for the pur-
pose of maintaining the rightful authority of
the Government of the United States;^ for the
purpose of maintaining the Constitution and
perpetuating the Union; that that being ac-
complished by the war; the States restored to
their rightful position in the Union, or rather
their rightful position being maintained, no
obligation whatever rests upon the Govern-
ment of the United States in regard to their
debts. But, sir, I think it'is worthy of consid-
eration and reflection what obligations may fall
upon the United States in the event that we
maintain the doctrine that the States of the
South do not rightfully exist, and that in some
way or other they have ceased to be legal
States, and that they exist, if at all, by the
sufferance and permission of the United States,
and upon that position we establish down there
a government of our own.
In^other words, if we strike out of existence
the State government, its machinery of officers
and of courts, and establish in its stead a gov-
ernment of our own, placing there our own
officers, taking control through our own ollicers,
appointed by the United States, of the revenue
of these States, and' in every way control the
States, it is worthy of reflection whether that
is not an absorption practically and by force,
and in that event what may become of the obli-
gations of the Government. Rightfully thero
can no obligation rest upon the United States,
in my judgment; and the States being held in
their relation to the Union as defined by the
Constitution, we can incur no obligation. How-
ever much their relations may have been inter-
rupted by a rebellion which they bring on, we
cannot be responsible to any parties for any
loss resulting to them from that. I agree thus
far fully with the Senator from Maine; but if
we, in fact, strike their State governments out
of existence upon the proposition that they are
illegal and de jure, do not exist at all, and
exist only de facto—that is our position as
declared last spring and now—and if upon
that position we assume over them all the
powers that may be exercised by any Govern-
ment, we, by our officers, controlling the rev-
enues which might go to the payment of their
debts ; we, by our officers, declaring how mud
of those revenues of necessity must go to pur-
poses which we declare and enforce, then it is
a practical question of great moment for na
whether that is not an absorption upon which
obligations may rest upon us. I hope, sir, wo
shall not go so far ; but I am not prepared to
say that it is unwise for the President, when ho
sees that Congress has now declared that these
State governments do not exist de jure at all,
and that they exist de facto only by our per-
mission and only so fau as we do permit, when
we are legislating in the direction of taking
possession and absorbing these State govern-
ments, and making them a part of Federal
machinery, it is not unwise, in my judgment,
for the President, when he sees this course of
legislation initiated, to admonish us of the
possible obligations that may be incurred.
Mr. 110 WARD. Mr. President, the Senator
from Indiana and myself, I think, do not differ
at all upon some of the points raised in this
discussion. We do not differ as to the original
and continued liability of the rebel States, for
instance, for all debts contracted ante helium.
Such obligations arose under legitimate gov-
ernments, recognized by the United States, and
are, of course, still binding upon the govern-
ments and people of those States and will
always remain so as long as there is a people
constituting a State. That is natural justice,
and that, 1 understand, is the public law. It
is matter of plain common sense and common
justice. We agree in this. Then as to all obli-
gations contracted by these several States dur-
ing the war against the United Slates and in
and of that treasonable war, I take it that we
both agree that there is no principle of consti-
tutional law or of public law which in any pos-
sible event could make it obligatory upon the
Government of the United States to pay those
debts.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I agree with the Sen-
ator in that.
Mr. HOWARD. Why not? The answer
is obvious. Those debts were created in hos-
tility to the Government of the United States,
and for the purpose of overthrowing that Gov-
ernment ; and whatever may be the legal
condition of -these States, whether they be
absolutely conquered States and as such en-
tirely and in all respects and forever subject
to the will of their conqueror—a proposition
which I have never advanced and am not dis-
posed to advance—or whether they are held by
