656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
resolution offered on Saturday, and which was
then objected to.
The SPEAKER. That is not now in order.
Mr. BOtJTWELL. Was the resolution in
reference to legal-tender notes referred to the
Committee on Commerce ?
The SPEAKER. It was, because no other
motion was made in regard to it.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to reconsider
the vote by which it was referred, with a view
of referring it to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to;
and the joint resolution was then referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
HARBOR AT STRAIGHT CUT, WISCONSIN.
Mr. PAINE presented joint resolutions of
the Legislature of Wisconsin, asking an appro-
priation to the city of Milwaukee to reimburse
to it the expense of constructing a harbor at
Straight Cut; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce when appointed, and
ordered to be printed.
GEOROIi WILLIAMSON AND COMPANY.
Mr. PAINE also introduced a joint resolu-
tion to refund to George Williamson & Co., of
Milwaukee, certain duties paid upon pig iron ;
wlfich was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims when
appointed.
MRS. HELEN L. OASS.
Mr. PILE introduced a bill for the relief of
Mrs. Helen L. Gass; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions when appointed.
REGISTRY, ETC., OJ? CERTAIN VESSELS.
Mr. CHURCHILL introduced a bill author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
certificates of registry or enrollment and
license to certain vessels; which was read a
first and second time, and ordered to be
referred to the Committee on Commerce
when appointed.
ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. WOODBIilDGE, (at twenty minutes
after twelve o'clock p. m.) I move that the
House now adjourn.
On the motion, there were, on a division—
ayes sixty-two.
Before the negative votes had been counted,
Mr. WOODBIilDGE withdrew the motion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I renew the mo-
tion.
SUPPLEMENTARY RECONSTRUCTION BILL.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks consent
to state to the House that it has been discov-
ered that in enrolling the supplementary re-
construction bill two or three words were
omitted. The President of the United States
has stated to the Clerk that lie has no objec-
tions to the bill being withdrawn, that it may
be properly reenrolled and submitted to him
again to-day.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In view of this state-
ment I withdraw the motion to adjourn.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania. Do I un-
derstand that it is alleged that there was a mis-
take made in the enrollment of the reconstruc-
tion bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed
by the Clerk that two or three words were
omitted.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania. I would
like to inquire what were the words omitted?
The SPEAKER. They were in respect to
appointments by military commanders.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wouldlike to inquire
whether there is any necessity that the House
should remain in session for the purpose of
correcting the enrollment?
The SPEAKER. The House must decide
that question for itself. The Chair will submit
the question.
Mr. WOODBIilDGE. Will it be necessary
for the Speaker to re-sign the bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question, and the House can decide the matter
for itself.
In the haste with which on last Saturday this
bill was enrolled from the report of the com-
mittee of conference that part of the section
in regard to appointment and removal from
office by military conini£tiid6rS) wliicii stcitss
that the appointments shall stand until they are
disapproved by the General of the Army, has
been omitted. The Chair is informed by the
Clerk that the President, whom he has seen
to-day, is willing that the bill may be with-
drawn and those words inserted. It is for the
House to decide whether the legality of the
bill would be affected if the words were inserted
without any new action on the part of the
House. The question is, whether the House
shall now adjourn and allow the Clerk, as the
enrolling officer of the House, to make this
correction, or whether the bill shall be again
enrolled and signed by the Presiding Officers.
It is a question of such importance that the
Chair will not attempt to decide it.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I hope we shall not
adjourn. We had better be on the safe side.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If there is any doubt
on this question I will not press the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will take the
responsibility of interrupting the business of
the morning hour, this being a matter of very
great importance—more importance probably
than any business of the mofning hour. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] is
recognized.
Mr. BANKS. If there has been an error in
the enrollment of the bill I think it due to the
importance of the question with reference to
the' two Houses of Congress that the bill should
be reenrolled, and that the signatures of the
Presiding Officers should be afiixed to it anew.
This will present the question in the proper
light, and relieve us from >any possibility of
embarrassment hereafter. I hope this course
will be pursued. I move, therefore, that the
Clerk be directed to request from the Presi-
dent tlie return of the bill, that it may be re-
enrolled.
The motion was agreed to.
NEW YORK WAR EXPENSES.
Mr. ROBERTSON introduced a bill to
reimburse the State of New York for moneys
expended for the United States in enrolling,
equipping,.and provisioning volunteer forces to
aid in suppressing the rebellion ; which was read
a first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs when appointed.
INVESTIGATION OP THE REVENUE SYSTEM.
Mr. ROBINSON. I submit the following
resolution :
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That a committee of five be appointed by
this House with power to sit during the recess of Con-
gress, to send for persons and papers and to employ a
stenographer to examine into the working of the
detective system of the internal revenue depart-
ment, into the seizure of spirits and tobacco made by
persons other than those designated in the acts of
Congress, and to examine into the disposal of spirits
and other goods, wares and merchandise seized or sold
by order of the courts, and to report by bill or other- 1
wise. |
Mr. ROBINSON. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
state that if the resolution be adopted I do not
wish to be placed on it as chairman.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I rise
to debate the resolution.
The SPEAKER. It then goes over under
the rules.
TAXATION OF UNITED STATES BONDS.
Mr. SELYE submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was ordered to be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means when appointed:
Resolved bvthe Home of Representatives, Thatinthe
opinion of Congress no further issue of the bonds of
the United States ought to be made lor any purpose
not already provided for cxcept upon the distinct
condition that they shall be subject to taxation for
State, county, and municipal expenses in the s:uiie
manner and to the same extent as other property is
now or may hereafter be assessed.
FORFEITURE OP SOUTHERN SWAMP GRANTS.
Mr. JULIAN submitted the following res-
olution; which' was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committeo on Public Lands be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of report-
ing a bill providing for the forfeiture to the United
States oftheswamp land heretofore granted to States
lately in rebellion which have not been lawfully dis-
posed of by said States.
TAXATION OF UNITED STATES BONDS.
Mr. HOLMAN submitted the following res-
olution, and demanded the previous question
on its adoption:
Resolved, That in the judgment of this House the
bonds and other securities issued by the United
States, which by law are exempt from State and mu-
nicipal taxation, ought to be taxed by the authority
of Congress for national purposes, in such manner
and to such extent as may be necessary to substan-
tially equalize taxation, taking into consideration
the average tax imposed on other property for local
purposes in the several States, such bonds and other
securities not being exempt by any provision ot law
from such taxation; and that the Committeo of
Ways and Means, when appointed, be instructed to
report a bill providing for such equalization of tax-
ation.
The previous question was not seconded.
Mr. PRICE. I rise to debate the resolution.
The resolution, under the rules, accordingly
went over.
REYENUE SYSTEM.
Mr. SCHENCK submitted the following reso-
lution, and demanded the previous question :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to inform this House
whether he has established, or caused to be consti-
tuted, in the city of New York, an association or
commission of officers or persons known as the
" Metropolitan Board of ltevenue," or a commission
or organization in that city in a.ny -way connected
with the revenue service by any other name or style;
and if so, that he stateunderwliatauthority or under
what prov ision of law and with what object or for what
purpose such a board has been created, what individ-
uals compose it, when, by whom, and under what
authority they were selected or appointed, what
poweis they exercise, what instiuetions have been
given to them, and what have been up to this time
their acts or proceedings, collectively or as members
ot such a board, in relation to revenue matters; and
also that the said Secretary furnish, with his reply
hereto, copies of ail correspondence that the Treasury
Department or Revenue Bureau have had with offi-
cer or person in relation to the establishing of said
board or its proceedings, including all letters, orders,
decisions, accounts, communications, or writings of
any character on record or file in the Treasury
Dcpaitment or in any bureau thereof having rela-
tion to or connection with said so-called "Metro-
politan Board of Kevenue" or any other such com-
mission in the said city of Sew York.
The SPEAKER. This being a call on one
of the executive Departments for information
requires unanimous consent to be now con-
sidered.
Mr. ROBINSON. I object, as it is the
same as my resolution.
Objection being made, the resolution under
the rules went over.
IMPEACHMENT OF TIIE PRESIDENT.
Mr. COVODE ^bmitted the following reso-
lution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the testimony taken by the Judi-
ciary Committee on the subject of the impeachment
of the President of the UnitedStates be printed, and
that any portion of said committee be allowed to
report thereon at anytime.
The House divided, and there were—ayes
41, noes 86 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers, and appoint-
ed Mr. Wilson of Iowa, and Mr. Covode.
The Houso again divided, and the tellers
reported—ayes 30, noes 59.
So the previous question was not, seconded.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, rose to debate the
resolution, and it accordingly went over.
SUPERINTENDING INSPECTOR OT STREETS, ETC.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, introduced a bill
to abolish the office of superintending inspect-
or of streets and carriage ways in the District
of Columbia; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia
when appointed.
KENTUCKY, MARYLAND, AND DELAWARE.
Mr. ICELSEY offered the following resolu-
tion, and demanded the previous question
thereon:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary bo,
