1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
8 m
ami they ard hnrcby. instructed to inquire- and report
to this House whether the States of Kentucky, Mary-
land, and Delaware now have State governments
republican in form, and 'that the committee have
leave to report by bill or otherwise at any time.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I suggest that the State
of Maryland is already embraced in a resolu-
tion referred to the Judiciary Committee.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 83, noes 3G ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Kelsey and Eldridge.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 47, noes 47.
The Chair voted in the affirmative; so the
previous question was seconded.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays on the ftiotion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was disagreed to.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. ROBINSON. I ask the mover of this
resolution to accept an amendment to include
the State of New Hampshire.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. NOELL. I ask .the gentleman to in-
clude the State of Missouri.
Mr. KELSE5T. I decline to allow any
amendment.
On agreeing to the resolution there were—
ayes Gl. noes 40.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 77, nays 39, not voting
54 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, James
m. Ashley, Baker, Banks, Beaman, Benjamin,
Benton. Bingham, Boutwell, Bromwell, Buckland,
Butler, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Coburn, Cook,
Cornell, Covode, Cullom, Drifts, Farnsworth, Fer-
riss, Fields, Einney, Gravely, Halsey, Hill. Hooper,
Asahel W. Hubbard,Hunter,Ingersoli, Judd, Julian,
Kelley, Kelsey, Koontz, William Lawrence, Loan, Lo-
gan,Loughridge, McClurg, Mercur, Moore, Moorhead,
Myers. Neweomb, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham.Pike,
Pile, Plants, Polsley, Price, Raum, Schenck, Scoiield,
Shanks, Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens, Taylor,
Thomas, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T.
Van Horn, Ward. Cadwalader C. Washburn, Henry
D. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams, William
Williams, James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, and
Stephen F. Wilson—77.
^'AYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Blair, Burr, Chanler,
Cobb, Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly, Eldridge, Ferry, Uetz,
(ilossbrenner, Griswold, Holtuan, Hopkins, Chester
I>. Hubbard, Jcnckes, Kerr, Ketcham, George
Lawrence. Marshall, Marvin, Mungen, Noell, Phelps,
Kendall, Robertson. Robinson, Ross, Sawyer, Selye,
;-mith. Stone, Talfe, Twicheli, Van Auken, Van
Trump, William B. Washburn, and Windom—39.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Delos R.
A>hiey, Barnes, Barnum, Blame, Boyer, Brooks,
Broomall, Cake, Sidney Clarke, Dodge, Eckley, Eg-
gleston, Ela. Eliot, Fox, Garfield. Haight, Hamil-
ton. Hardin?, Hayes, Ilotelikiss, Richard D. Hub-
bard, Huiburd, Humphrey, Kitchen, Laflin, Lincoln,
Lynch, Mallory, McCarthy. McCulloch, Miller, Mor-
gan, Morreii, Morrissey, Niblack, Nicholson, Peters,
Poland, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves,
Spalding, Thaddcus Stevens, Stewart, Taber, Trow-
bridge, Cpson, Van Wyck, Wood, and Woodbndgo
—Si.
So the resolution was adopted.
During the roll-call,
Mr. BEAMAN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Ursox, had been called away by the death of
his father.
Mr. MORGAN. Had I not been paired I
would vote no.
Mr. lvELSET. My colleague, Mr. Lincoln,
is absent on account of sickness,-as I have just
learned by a telegram.
The result having been declared as above
recorded.
Mr. KELSEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained„leave
of absence for Mr. Ei.a, on account of serious
illness in his family.
government depositories.
Mr. RANDALL offered the following reso-
40tii Oong. 1st Sess.—No. 42.
lutio'n, and demanded the previous question
thereon;
Revolved, That in the judgment of this House bo
national bank should be selected as a public deposi-
tory of Government moneys in any city or pia^e where
there is located the Treasurer or an Assistant Ireas-
urer of the UnitedStates, but all.public moneys col-
lected and received in any such cifcy or place for the
Government should be deposited with such Treas-
urer or Assistant Treasurer; and the Secretary of
the Treasury is hereby requested to transfer any
moneys now in such national banks to said Treas-
urer or Assistant Treasurer of the United States at
the earliest day practicable.
Mr. O'NEILL. I think this had better lay
over for debate.
The SPEAKER. The previous question
will arrest debate.
Mr. PILE. I suggest thatit be a jointreso-
lulion. The Secretary of the Treasury is not
amenable to this House alone.
Mr. RANDALL. It is merely a request.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was agreed to—ayes
sixty-six, noes not counted.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider tlie
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
telegram from general sheridan.
Mr. JUDD introduced the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War have leave to
withdraw from the flies of the House a privatetele-
gram from Genera! Sheridan to Genera! Grant, dated
22d of June, the same having been communicated to
this House by mistake.
IMPEACHMENT OF THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I offer the. following
resolution, upon which I demand the previous
question :
RmoZved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
discharged from the farther consideration of the
question of the impeachment of the President of the
United States, and that the testimony already taken
by said committee be printed lor the use of this
House.
The question was taken on seconding the
demand for the previous question, and there
were—ayes 29, noes 66.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. PIKE. I rise to debate the resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution goes
over under the rales.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I move to suspend
the rules to enable me to introduce the resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order, as the morning hour has not yet expired.
swamp lands.
Mr. BROMWELL. I offer the following res-
olution, upon which I demand the previous
question :
Whereas certain swamp lands have heretofore been
granted by the United States to the several States in
which they lie, and said lands, or some portion of
them, were afterward disposed of by the United
States by permitting military bounty land warrants
to be loeated on the same, and in lieu thereof war-
rants have been i^ued to such States which in some
eases are of no value to such States, for the reason
that, the public lands in such States have been sold
bythe United States: Therefore, ,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public lianas,
when appointed, be and are hereby instructed to
inquire into and report to this House the expediency
of providing by law for the issuance of land warrants
to such States, to bo loeated on_ any of the public
lands of the United States, in lieu of the lands so
disposed of by the Uovernment, and that said com-
mittee have leave to report by bill or otherwise.
The previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered.
Mr. ,1 ULIAN. Let me state that this ques-
tion has been repeatedly before the Committee
on the Public Lands, and that they have uni-
formly reported adversely. I have no objec-
tion, however, to the resolution.
The question was taken on the resolutionj
and it was disagreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now expired.
Mr. PIKE. I move that the House take a
recess until three o'clock p. m.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Before the gentleman
presses that fiaotioi), will he allow mo to offer
a resolution, to which I think there will be no
objection?
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman from
Maine allow me to move as an amendment to
his motion that when the House adjourns it
adjourn to meet on Wednesday?
Mr. PIKE. I waive my motion for a mo-
ment.
RECEPTION OP "LOYAL" CONGRESSMEN.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following preamble and resolu-
tion :
Whereas it has been alleged m one of the loyal
papers of the State of Ohio, that the expenses in a
large part remain unpaid for the wines and liquors,
&c., furnished at the reception given to the loyal part
of Congress: Therefore,
Resolved, That the same should in the opinion of
this House be at once paid out of the fund raised for
evangelizing the colored race now in the hands of
the Republican executive committee.
Several members objected.
rock island railroad bridge.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. _ I ask
unanimous consent to offer the following pre-
' amble and resolution :
Whereas the Congress of the United States did by
act approved June 27,1866, authorize the Secretary
of War to change the location of the Itock Island
railroad bridge, and to grant pecuniary aid or other-
wise toward effecting said change to the railroad
companies using said bridge ; and whereas by an act
approved March 2,1867, aD appropriation of $200,000
was made toward the building of a new bridge,which
should not seriously obstruct the navigation of the
Mississippi river; and whereas said appropriation
was on condition that the Rock Island and Pacific
Railroad Company should first agree to pay and
should secure to be paid one half the cost of said
bridge ; and whereas said company ha^ utterly failed
to notice either of said acts, or to enter into any
agreement for the change of the location of their
present bridge, which bridge ie believed to be a great
; obstruction to the tree navigation of the Mississippi
; river and a public nuisance: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and Ilovze of Represent-
atives, That the Attorney General of the UnitedStates
be directed to institute legal proceedings in some court
of competent jurisdiction tor the removal of said
bridge, and the abatement of the same as a public
nuisance, provided said company shall not within
three months from the date ot the passage of this
resolution comply with the terms of the acts before
named.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. How does that resolu-
tion come in?
The SPEAKER. It is not yet before the
House. The Chair was about to ask if there
was any objection to it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
a suspension of the rules to enable me to offer
the resolution.
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot be
made unless the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Pike] withdraws his motion for a recess.
Mr. PIKE. I insist on my motion for a
recess until three o'clock.
Mr. RANDALL. Is not my motion pend-
ing?
The SPEAKER. A motion contemplating
a recess in the day's# session cannot be so
amended. If it be voted down, then the gen-
tleman's motion can be made.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did not understand
correctly the resolution of the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Washbcrn. ] I supposed that
it related to another matter. I withdraw the
objection.
Mr. COOK. I renew the objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
a message requesting the return of the recon-
struction bill has been sent to the President;
t^nd the bill may be returned during the recess.
If there be no objection, it will be understood
as the sense of the House that the Speaker
shall receive any message which may be sent
by the President during the recess. The Chair
hears no objection.
The motion of Mr. Pike was agreed to ; and
the House (atone o'clock and twenty-five min-
utes p. m.) took a recess till three o'clock p. m.
The recess having expired, the House re-
sumed its session.
APPROPRIATION FOR RECONSTRUCTION.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, announced that the Sen-
