1867.
TOS COTOimSBlOtMX GLOBE,
065
son—I was .about to say the greater crime of
meanness and cowardice. We can haye some
respect for an out-and-out traitor, a man who
in accordance with his sincere convictions be-
lieves it to be his dqty to fight against his coun-
try and for his State. You can respect his
courageif he fights bravply; you can respect
his spirit of Anglo-Saxon persistence if he
fights to the end. No man can fail to do it,
and we all do it toward the rebels; but a man
who in a northern State avoids the draft, or
being drafted or enlisting deserts his flag, in
my judgment, in a moral sense is a meaner and
a. worse citizen thqn the out-and-out traitor.
This is the class of persons of whom I am
speaking. I believe there are some even in
Indiana. There were some in Vermont; and
no soldier of Vermont who returned from the
war, and no citizen of Vermont who assisted in
carrying on the war, desires to have that class
of' persons receive as yet any favor at all.
The time has not yet come for pardon and
reconciliation toward that class. After we
have pardoned rebels, fair and square rebels,
after ive have restored them, as I hope we shall
in the fullness of time, to the full exercise of
all rights of citizenship, it will be time enough
to take up this class of outcasts and traitors
and cowards that I have been describing; not
the exceptional case that my friend from
Indiana speaks of as his friend, because there
are exceptions in all these cases, but the
great body of those men of whom it was
known over the whole country that they were
avoiding their duty, and enlisting for the bounty
and deserting, running away from the draft
and resorting to every means that they could
secretly to aid the cause of the enemy and put
down our own. They are the class of persons.
Now, my friend from Indiana says the law
does not apply to them, that they cannot be
made the subject of its condemnation until
they are tried and convicted, and he appeals
to ine whether I do not agree with him. It is
not necessary to settle that question now and
here. Our judgment would be of no value
upon it to the tribunals who will have it to pass
upon. It is sufficient to say to my friend that
it seems to me to be a quite illogical reason in
favor of the repeal of a statute merely to
say that the statute cannot operate upon the
subject of it until some step is taken pursuant
to the law. On that ground my friend would
repeal the whole criminal code of the country.
You cannot deprive a man who is to suffer
a punishment for perjury of any of his rights
until he is convicted. Therefore, says my
friend, repeal the statute against perjury, be-
cause it is of no use until j'ou get the liar and
convict him and apply to him the penalty of
the law!
Now, let the law stand, and if it turns out
that the election boards, the judges of election,
in the various States have no rightful authority
as a tribunal to apply the law to the subject of
it, as I believe they have, then let the courts
of the country interfere and apply the remedy.
Let us not repeal the law because there are
exceptional instances, as there are in every
law, in which it may operate hardly. Let us
not repeal it because it may not operate upon
the body of the offenders until some further
step is taken ; but let it stand for what it is
worth until the country shall have time to see
whether it can be applied or not.
Mr. TIPTON. I wish to say a word in
regard to one class of soldiers, and that class
were a set of as true and honorable soldiers as
ever went upon the battle-field, and some of
them to-day are deserters. They proved their
prowess on your southern battle-fields where
they had an open, fair enemy to meet, and
always sustained the honor of your country.
You sent them on the Plains and you sent an
insufficient number of soldiers to protect the
Plains. You cut up their regiments that had
charged in column against enemies anywhere,
and were willing to charge anywhere; you
divided them into sections; you placed them
in charge of the ranches, the stage-horses, the
stations, the property of the Overland Stage
Company. You placed these brave men subor-
dinate to semi-rebels in the employment of
Ben. Efolladay's great monopoly, the Overland
Stage Company. They followed the fortunes
of the stages, were liable to be shot by the
savages from their horses $.s escorts; were com-
.manded to protect the horses, not the people
who lived t^long the line, but sacredly to take
careofthestage-horses ofBen. Holladay's stage
line. Their comrades, shotfromtheir horses and
from the stages, were only common soldiers of
the United States, and they were not to-Stop
to take care of their bodies if thereby a horse
was lost or a stage without passengers liable
to be captured! It was the property of a cor-
poration with muph body and very little soul,
that these brave soldiers upon the Plains were
to guard. I have seen them refused the poor
privilege of entering the coaches by the subor-
dinates of those who controlled that stage line,
at a time when it was next to impossible for
them to preserve their lives unless they had
the protection of the inside of those coaches.
They became dispirited. They said it was a
dishonorable service ; they said it was a service
in which 9, brave man had no chance for his
life; and temptation came upon them, and
some of them deserted. About that same time
the war closed; the rebels were fleeing from
the State of Missouri to seek a congenial clime
in the Territory of Montana, or some other of
the mountain Territories. And whenever these
brave men were put in command of emigrant
trains, they were guarding rebels ; they were
protecting the property of rebels fleeing from
the vengeance of the returned Union 'soldiers
upon the borders of the United States. They
heard rebel songs sung in those camps for the
first time in their lives, and they found scarcely
a rancheman from one end of a line of six
hundred miles to the other that was loyal to
the country. It was treason everywhere, with
which these brave men were identified. They
were simply to defend themselves as they could
and this property, without being permitted to
carry on any offensive war against a cruel,
savage foe. And when the bodies of their
friends were found before them mutilated as
they only could be in savage Indian warfare,
and when they found the mutilated bodies of
the emigrants along their lines, they had no
manhood and no bravery about them if they
did not desire to break away from the strict
aud hard rule of military discipline and defend
emigrants along their line as independent vol-
unteers. This was not according to tlie mili-
tary law. It was unfortunate that they should
have yielded. These were the temptations that
often caused these men to step aside from what
was really their military duty.
Under these circumstances, therefore, while
I will enter 110 justification for their act, I will
say that some brave soldiers, as honorable
young men as ever this country relied on in
the hour of peril and calamity, did desert; and
it is questionable how far they are guilty.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Indiana : and upon this
question the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 7, nays 2S ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew, Da vis, Hendricks, John-
son, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee, and Tan Win-
kle—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony. Cameron, Cattell, Chan-
dler, Cole, Coiikliii'-', Crafrin, Edmunds, Fessenden,
Frelinghuysen, Harlan. Howard, Ijuwe. Morgan,
Morrill of Maine, Kye, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Pomeroy, Hntnsey, Sprague, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton,
Trumbull, Wade, Wiilev, "Wilson, and lates—2S.
ABLEST—.Messrs Bayard, Conncs*. Corbett. Dix-
on, Doohttle. Drake, Ferry, Fowler, Grimes, (.ruihrie,
! f pnder^on, Morrill of Vermont. Morton, Ross, Sauls-
bury, Sherman, Stewart, and Williams—IS.
So the amendment was rejected.
Theamcndmentwas ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read the third time and passed.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the title
by striking oulthe word •' volunteer.so as to
make it read " An act for the relief of certain
soldiers and sailors therein designated."
The amendment was agreed to.
TREATY ^WITH BTO8IA,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of the
United States, transmitting to Congress a copy
of a treaty between the United States and His
Majesty the Emperor of all the Russias, the
ratifications ofwhich were exchanged in this city
on the 20th of June last, providing for a cession
of territory to the United States in consideration
of the payment of $7,200,000 in gold; and in-
viting the attention of Congress to the subject
of an appropriation for this payment, and also
to that of proper legislation for the government
and occupation of the territory as a part of the
dominion of the United States.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that that communi-
cation and the accompanying treaty be printed
and 
Several Sexatoes. Laid on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it ought to be
referred to the appropriate committees for
consideration—so much as relates to an appro-
priation, to the Committee on Appropriations,
and so much as relates to an organization of
the territory, to the Committee on Territories ;
and I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
TREATY WITH VENEZUELA.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid
before the Senate a message of the President
of the United States, transmitting a copy of a
convention between the United States and the
republic of Venezuela for the adjustment of
claims of citizens of the United States upon
the Government of that republic, the ratifica-
tions of which were exchanged at Caracas on
the 10th of April last. As its first article stip-
ulates that the commissioners shall meet within
four months from that date, the expediency of
passing the usual act for the purpose of carrying
the convention into effect will of course engage
the attention of Congress.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that that message
be printed, and referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
mexican affairs.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid
before the Senate a message of the President
of the United States, in response to a resolu-
tion of the 8th instant, calling for the official
correspondence between the Department of
State and Hon. L. D. Campbell, late minister
to Mexico: and also the correspondence of
the Department with his successor; which, on
motion of Mr. Sumxer, was ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
cniEF justice's optxiox.
Mr. ANTHONY. I beg to offer the follow-
ing resolution :
R'-so7vet7, That two thou.-aml copiec of the opinion
of Chase, Chief Justice, delivered in Raleigh, North
Carolina, in June, 1867, bo printed for the use of the
Senate.
The resolution comes from the Committee
on Printing; it has been considered by them :
the expense is very trifling—but a few dollars.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM Till: HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives. by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (II. R. No.
137) amendaiorv of an act making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the contingent expenses of the Senate of
the United States for the fiscal year ending
Jnno 30.18u7. and for Oilier purposes, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The bill was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
equal rights ix tut: dts'l riot.
Several executive messages were received
from the President of the United States, by
Mr. Moouc, h Is Secretary.
Mr. GUIMES. 1 move tliat the Senate pro-
ceed tothe consideration of executive busings.
Mr. SUMMER. 1 desire to give notice ihafc
