1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
667
ments. I am not prepared to offer an amend-
ment that will define exactly how much should
be permitted and how much should be pro-
hibited, and I think the better plan is to give
to the heads of Departments the discretion
they have heretofore had; but still if the
Senator from Ohio will move any amendment
that will meet his view I shall be disposed to
accept it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
bill read as it stands.
The bill as amended was read.
Mr. ANTHONY. That covers all the print-
ing that has heretofore been done in the Exec-
utive Departments.
Mr. SHERMAN. We are going to be here
a day or two yet; and I move that this bill be
referred to the Committee on Printing. I
think it is a repeal of the law.
Mr. ANTHONY. Let it lie on the table
for the present and the Senator can look
into it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the bill lie
on the table for the present.
The motion was agreed t®.
FACILITATING BOUXTY PAYMENTS.
Mr. WILSON. I presented a petition this
morning from some soldiers complaining of
the delay in the payment of the additional
bounty. At the time we passed the act pro-
viding for it it was supposed it would take
four years, but at the rate they are going on it
will take six or seven years. I desire now to
offer a resolution on the subject:
Resolved, That the Secretary of "War and the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be instructed to inform the
Senate whether any means can be adopted by their
respective Departments, or either of them, to expe-
dite the payment of the bounties provided for by the
act approved July 28,1866.
Mr. ANTHONY. I can furnish that inform-
ation to the Senator at once. The only reason
is that there is not clerical force enough in
the Department to do the business. In the
Auditor's office that is charged with the investi-
gation of these bounty cases there is not a force
that would begin to do the business, and there
are very few clerks of the higher grades allowed
there. I had a curious case presented to my
notice the other day, which I will relate to
the Senate. A constituent of mine who is in
the Second Auditors office, being a young
man of more than ordinary capacity and a very
faithful clerk, had an offer to be transferred
into one of the other Departments and to be
promoted two grades. The Auditor would not
let him go, and could not let him go. He said
that the other bureau might have any number
of clerks that he could designate, but they
should not be allowed to take out his best clerk,
for he could not do the business without him,
and he was not able to promote him. So the
young man's merit stood in the way of his
advancement. The Auditor has not power to
promote him and he will not let him go. The
result will be that men like him will resign.
There should be a larger force allowed in the
Auditor's bureau, and he should be allowed to
have a larger number of second and third class
clerks.
Mr. WILSON. I think the Secretary of
War and the Secretary of the Treasury perhaps
may report in favor of that very thing. I
should like to have them cooperate and present
a plan by which this matter can be closed up in
a reasonable time.
Bv unanimous consent the resolution was
considered, and agreed to.
PEACE WITH INDIAN TRIBES.
Mr. HENDERSON. I ask the Senate now
to proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. luti. in reference to Indian affairs. Of
course the motion is obnoxious to the objection
which has been made to other bills on account
of the rule, and I therefore ask unanimous con-
sent to consider it at this time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let the bill be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. The bill
will be read for information.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as follows:
A bill (S. No. 136) to establish peace with certain
hostile Indian tribes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Represent-
tives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Lieutenant General William T. Sher-
man, Major General W. S. Hancock, Major General
C. C. Auger, Major General John E. Smith, Major
General William S. Harney, John B. Sanborn, Wil-
liam Bent, G. P. Beauvais, and Kit Carson be, and
they are hereby, appointed commissioners on the
part of the United States, with power and authority
to call together the chiefs and headmen of such bands
or tribes of Indians as are now vraging war against
the United States or committing depredations upon
the people thereof, to ascertain the alleged reasons
for their aets of hostility, and in their discretion to
make and conclude with said bands or tribes such
treaty stipulations, subject to the action of the Sen-
ate, as may remove all just causes of complaint on
theirpart, and at the same time establish security for
person and property along the lines of railroad now
being constructed to the Pacific and other thorough-
fares of travel to the western Territories, and such as
will most likely insure civilization for the Indian and
peace and safety for the whites.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That said commis-
sioners are required to make selection of adistrict of
country lying north of the State of Nebraska, west
of the Missouri river, and east of the traveled routes
to Montana Territory, upon the waters of the White
Earth, the Cheyenne, the Little Missouri, and Yel-
lowstone rivers, of sufficient area to receivc all the
Indian tribes now occupying territory east of the
Rocky mountains and north of the Platte river and
the State of Iowa, in which district there shall be a
sufficient quantity of tillable land to eDable the said
tribes to support themselves by labor. Said territory
when so selected, and the selection approved by'Con-
gress, shall be and remain a permanent home for the
Indians located thereon, and no person not connected
with said tribes shall ever be permitted to enter
thereon without the permission of the tribes inter-
ested. ,
Sec. 3. And be itfurther enacted, Thatthesaid com-
missioners are authorized and required to select, as
provided in the preceding section, a district of coun-
try south of tho State of Kansas and west of the State
of Arkansas, including the present Indian Territory
or such part of it as may be necessary, together with
such other adjacent territory as maybe thought suit-
able, to constitute a permanent home for such In-
dians as now inhabit south of the Platte and east of
Arizona, which territory,whenso defined andselected,
and the selection approved by Congress, shall not be
entered upon or settled in any manner except by
consent of the tribes interested.
Sec. 4. And be itfurther enacted, That the said com-
missioners, with aviewto the ultimate concentration
of all the Indians named in sections two and three
of this acton the reservations selected, are author-
ized to make such treaties with tribes now at peacc
with the United States as will tend to facilitate that
object or remove obstructions from thetines of travel
aforesaid.
Sec. 5. And be itfurther enacted. That the following
sums of money are hereby appropriated out of any
moneys in the Treasury, 10 wit: to carry out the pro-
visions of the preceding sections ot this act, 3150,UOO;
to enable the Secretary of the Interior to subsist such
friendly Indians as may have separated or may here-
after separate themselves from the hostile bands or
tribes and seek the protection of the United States,
$300,000.
Sec. 6. And be itfurther enacted. That theSccretary
of War be required to furnish transportation, sub-
sistence, and protection to the commissioners herein
named during the discharge of their duties.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Missouri asks the unanimous consent
of the Senate to consider this bill at this time.
Is there any objection? No objection being
made, the bill is before the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest to the
Senator from Missouri an amendment in sec-
tion two. to strike out. in line two the words
"required to make selection of" and to insert
the word''examineso as to read: "said
commissioners are required to examine a dis-
! trict of country lying north of the State of
Nebraska," &c.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not wish to discuss
this particular amendment, but_ I rise to ask
some explanation of this very important bill
from the Senator from Missouri who has re-
ported it. I do not know that I understand
the scope and purpose of the bill sprung upon
us at this moment of the session. It contem-
plates, as I understand, a complete change of
our Indian policy, and provides for the ••con-
centration.'' in the language of the bill, of the
various Indian tribes upon lands to be selected
in or north of Nebraska, for the settlement of
a portion of them, and lands to be selected
south of Kansas, embracing the Indian Terri-
tory, for the permanent settlement of another
portion of the Indians. Does the Senator from
Missouri suppose that the people in this north-
ern section of the country, and those especially
who may be disposed to emigrate in that direc-
tion, will be very well satisfied that the coun-
try shall be filled up with Indians, occupying
what he calls permanent homes? Is it his
design that there should be no more acquisi-
tion of lands from the Indians, and that they
shall occupy and possess these two regions—
the one north and the other south of the line
of the Pacific railroad—permanently ? I should
really like some explanation from the Senator
from Missouri. As the bill is now framed, I
feel very much indisposed to support it; but I
ask particularly for an explanation of it.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, I will
state that at a meeting of the Committee on
Indian Affairs yesterday morning, a majority,
four members, being present, the other three
not being in the city, this bill, with the excep-
tion of the first section, naming the commis-
sioners, was agreed upon as the result of their
deliberations. It is known to us that an Indian
war is now being waged. Hostilities are of daily
occurrence upon the Plains. I have in my
possession a report from General Wright, who
started out to survey the line of what is called
the Smoky Hill route. He says that he will be
compelled to abandon the survey. The fight at
Port Wallace the other day (on the28th of June)
occurred between the escort of his party and
the Cheyenne Indians; a fight in which some
fifty or sixty men were engaged on each side;
a fair fight in the open Plains, in which our
men got whipped. He says that the Indians
are better mounted than our men; that it is
idle to talk about making a survey through that
section of country under present circumstances;
that they are just as well armed as our men;
that they have carbines and ammunitions equal
to ours; that they fight with as much spirit as
our men: that they are decidedly better mounted,
as I have said: and a very great advantage they
have is that they are better horsemen and their
horses are better trained; and another great
advantage which he suggests is that they use
the bow and arrow, which our men cannot use,
and in close conflict he says it is superior as a
weapon for horsemen, far superior to the car-
bine.
Now we are attempting to construct across
the Plains two railroads. With these facts
before us it is useless to pretend that these
railroads can be constructed. General Sher-
man in his report says that fifty of these
Indians can checkmate three thousand of our
soldiers. It is unnecessary for me to go into
the history of this Indian war—I have the
notes of it before me—because there are but
two tribes of any great extent that are engaged
in hostilities against the United States: I
mean the Sioux or Dakota Indians, as they are
sometimes called, and the Cheyeunes and
Arapahoes united together.
It is useless for me to say who is in fault. I
shall not pretend to enter into that discussion,
for the reason that it will not facilitate the
passage of this measure or any other measure
to bring about peace. We know the fact that
unless these hostilities are suppressed, and sud-
denly suppressed, a very large expenditure
will be forced upon us. Our treasury is in no
condition to meet it. We need to husband
our resources, and if we can make peace with
the Indians we had better do it. This war, if
it lasts during the summer and fall, will cost
us $100,000,000. I know that Senators will
hear this statement with some degree of unbe-
lief: but I state what I believe, and what, will
occur in point of fact in a very short time, and
all Senators will be satisfied that what I cav is
correct. We are expending from $1 "Jo. 000 to
$A30,000. perhaps, daily in this war, and these
expenditures will be rapidly increased from
day to day, because our friends here from the
border now wilt offer an amendment to this
bill—whether the Senate will adopt it or
not I cannot say—providing for calling out
a large number of volunteers for additional
protection, such protection as they bay the
