688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
regular Army cannot give. They want border
men called out, men who understand Indian
character and understand best how to fight
them. How many regiments will be called
out? Perhaps four, five, sis", seven, or eight
regiments. If four regiments are called out,
it will be but a short tiipe until General Sher-
man will be compelled to call out others, and
the State authorities will be compelled to offer
to General Sherman or other commanders other
volunteers in order to protect the frontiers.
The war is but begun, and it will increase, and
alarmingly increase, in its proportions of atro-
city and also in its proportions of public debt.
Now, it behooves the Congress of the United
States in session to do something, if we possi-
bly can, to put an end to it.
Now, what is the proposition before us? It
is very plain and simple. I propose that a
joint commission of military men, who have
been engaged in this war, and who understand
the condition of affairs, and certain eminent
civilians, to whom I shall propose to add the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, be appointed;
and that that commission shall undertake, if
possible, to make peace. Here are the Chey-
ennes at war against us. Why? We made a
treaty with the Cheyennes in 1851, after the
discovery of the gold mines in California, in
which they obligated themselves to let our
emigrants pass over their lands. It will be
remembered that the Cheyennes once owned
all the mines of Colorado, even up to 1851.
Under the treaty of 1825 we did not pretend to
say that we had any rights there. Under the
treaty of 1825 we said the Cheyennes and the
Arapahoes owned that whole country, and with
no right for a white man to pass across it
at all. Did our emigrants to California ever
meet with obstructions that amounted to any-
thing from the Cheyennes and Arapahoes?
Surely not. That thing lasted until 1861, when
we made a treaty with these Indians, giving up
the entire Territory of Colorado, all the rich
mines of Colorado, and confining them to a
very small reservation on the Arkansas river.
In 1865 we asked them still further to go out
of our way. Why? Because then we had con-
cluded to build a railroad to California, and we
insisted that they should go south of the Arkan-
sas river, and we made a treaty with them which
is now upon your statute-book. What was it?
It proposed to give them a reservation, part of
which was in Kansas, two thirds or three fourths
of it in Kansas, and the rest of it belonged to
other Indian tribes; but we said they should
remain where they were on this small reserva-
tion on the north side of the Arkansas river
until we secured the title to that country. When
the treaty was under consideration a Senator
from Kansas rose and moved an amendment.
What was that? He said no part of the State
of Kansas should be taken for this reservation
except with the consent of the State of Kansas,
and the President should find other quarters
for these Indians. We have failed, so far, to
procure the consent of the other Indian tribes
owning the rest of the reservation, and it turns
out that wc have no home for the Cheyennes
and Arapahoes at all, and now we propose to
kill them. Why? Because they are standing
in the way of a railroad to California. The
Cheyennes and Arapahoes say, ''Gentlemen,
wo have given you up the entire Territory of
Colorado; we have given you up all our land
there except a small reservation, and now you
propose to build a railroad through it without
our consent, and we tell you we intend to resist
it." That is the whole case of the Cheyennes.
General Sherman found them in the way, and
they commenced their fight when we proposed
to survey a line through there. General Sher-
man then said it was necessary to send them
south of the Arkansas and to clean the line of
these two roads; all the country between the
Platte and the Arkansas, he said, must be
cleaned of Indians, and if they remained there
they must be looked upon as in hostility to the
United States. We grumble and complain that
the Cheyennes fight. I apprehend that if they
were white men under these circumstances
they would fight. I apprehend that if any of
us here were in their situation we would fight.
I am not justifying the Indians in their bar-
barity ; but we, in the treaty, said they shall
stay where they are until the President finds
other quarters for them. He has been unable
to do so; he has not got the consent of the
State of Kansas to their being located in that
State; and we have made no arrangements with
the other Indian tribes who own a part of the
reservation for purchasing out their title, and
there is no place for these Indians to go.
Now, in regard to the Sioux Indians: in
1825 we made a treaty with them. That, I sup-
pose, is superseded, and it is unnecessary for
me now to refer to it. In 1851 the cele-
brated confederate treaty with all the Indian
tribes there was made at Fort Laramie. The
Sioux entered into that, the Cheyennes, the
Assiniboines, the Crows, and others. I have
a map before me to which I could refer gentle-
men if I desired to do so, but it is unneces-
sary. That map includes all the territory
arranged by the treaty at Fort Laramie up to
Montana Territory, and including Montana
Territory. They divided out the country;
the Cheyennes took their share of it, taking
Colorado Territory, running away d.own to
the mouth of the South Platte and down to
the Arkansas river; and the Sioux took the
country lying north of Fort Laramie, and what
is called the Powder river country, where we
have now built the forts, Reno, Phil. Kearney,
and C. F. Smith. Under that treaty we got
along very well, and lived in peace with the
Sioux Indians. That treaty was made by Gen-
eral D. D. Mitchell, of St. Louis, and the
Indians respected it, and we had no trouble
from that time on.
The treaty of Fort Laramie acknowledged
on our part their ownership of the entire coun-
try with our right to pass to California. We
did not reserve any right to pass to Montana
then, because the mines of Montana had not
been discovered; but the mines of California
had been discovered, and wo required of the
Sioux Indians, the Ogallallas, and the Brul6s
that we should have the right to pass over their
country by the South Pass on the way to Cali-
fornia, and that our emigrants should be undis-
turbed. Srom 1S51, the date of that treaty,
up to 18G1, I believe I may defy anybody to
refer to an outrage committed by these hostile
Sioux of Fort Laramie upon any of the emi-
grants of our country. I do not remember
such an occurrence; but I do remember the
fact that emigrants from the south of Missouri
passed out from year to year in parties of two,
three, four, and five, and, in fact, solitary and
alone to California, and I never heard any fear
of Indian depredations expressed by anybody.
In that treaty of 1851 we acknowledged the
entire right of the Sioux to the country they
claimed, with the exception of a right reserved
to our citizens to pass to California. We
claimed no right to go to Montana then, be-
cause nobody supposed a white man would
want to go to Montana. No mines had been
discovered there; the riches -of that* country
had not been developed. We did not suppose
we should ever want the Powder river country.
We were to give the Sioux $50,000 per annum
for _ fifty years for this right to pass through
their country to California. When the treaty
came to the Senate, the Senate amended it,
reducing the time to ten years, but leaving the
amount at $50,000 per annum, with a riglit
in the President to continue the payment
for five years longer if he should see fit. We
commenced paying $50,000 a year in 1851, and
kept it up to 1861. Mr. Lincoln extended the
time for five years under the amendment to
the treaty, and continued the payment up to
1866. Up to that time we had scarcely any
difficulty. Perhaps there may have been mur-
ders, as there are murders almost daily in the
various States of the Union. Murders and
outrages are committed in various sections of
the country. Perhaps there are s«ne .bad
Indians as well as bad white men. They did
commit some depredations, but there was
nothing like general war in that section of the
country. In 1860, then, under the amendment
to the treaty of 1851, the time expired, and
now what is our condition with the Sioux
Indians? General Pope at St. Louis issued
an order in I860, after the expiration of our
treaty with these Indians. I do not mean to
reflect on our military men, and I have the
highest respect for General Pope; but I must
call attention to this order. It was to establish
three forts upon the Powder river route to
Montana. Why? Because people wanted to
go there and mine. He then went to work
to establish the three forts called Fort Reno,
Fort Phil. Kearney, and Fort C. F. Smith. He
did that under military order, and there is our
difficulty.
Mr. JOHNSON. WThat authority had he?
Mr. HENDRICKS. No authority in the
world. I state frankly that he had no more
authority than I had to establish a line of travel
over the Sioux country, because if gentlemen
will look back to the treaty of 1851 they will
find that we pledge ourselves that there shall
be no travel over that country except over the
line of the South Pass on the way to California.
It was not then supposed that we should ever
want the Montana route; but when we find
that was the easiest and best route, and it
became necessary for our purposes, we deter-
mined to go over it, and the military com-
mander in order to facilitate emigration to that
country ordered and built these three forts.
I hold in my hand the letter of the agent of
these Indians to the D epartment here, saying that
if we undertook to establish these forts we must
fight the Sioux; they were unwilling to submit
to it. But after that order was issued, and
after the difficulty came to pass, General Pope
issues his order and goes to work to build the
forts, and after war ensued from it he writes a
letter to which I wish to call attention. It ia
found on page 59 of a report which I hold in
my hand, that was submitted by the Indian
department last spring in answer to a resolu-
tion at that time. The report was called for
when this war came upon us, as I undertake to
say, principally through the orders of General
Pope. He acted of course from the very best
intentions. His idea was to give facility to
emigrants and miners to cross this territory.
Of course the order was demanded by the peo-
ple of the State of Missouri. I do not doubt
it; and nine tenths of the people of my State
in all probability sympathize with General
Pope in it. I perhaps stand almost alone. I
know what the feeling is in the western States
on this subject.
Mr. HOWARD. Were these forts in the
Indian country?
Mr. HENDERSON. Clearly; as defined
by the treaty of 1851, unquestionably so. I
will state to the Senator from Michigan that
the evidence is that the Indians said we might
pass west of the mountains there instead of
east, but that by going to- the eastern side of
the mountains, passing over the valleys of the
Powder river, we should interfere with the
only game that they had left; that they had
no other country upon which the buffalo could
feed and subsist them there. If we would go
to the west of the Big Horn mountains they
would not object to our making a road up
there, but they objected to the construction of
a road and the building of forts on the east-
ern side of the mountains. They even said
that they would not object to the building and
garrisoning of the fort at Fort Reno, but fur-
ther up than that they objected to our going,
because there Powder river became a good
large stream, and the bottoms upon it were
large and the grass could grow. 1 understand
that blue-grass grows there in large quanti-
ties. It is a good grazing country. They said
that if we would turn off to the west and go to
the west of the Big Horn mountains, through
Fort Reno, we werewelcome to march through
their country there to that extent, but no fur-
ther. That is some ninety miles north of the
Platte river. Fort Phil. Kearney is, I under-
stand, some two hundred miles north of the
