670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July-16,
to report all tie facts they can gather in refer-
ence to it.
If this thing is done, in the course of a few
years we can get the entire body of Indians of
the Northwest off from the lines of travel, the
Pacific railway, the Powder river route, and
various other routes of travel, and can confine
them upon this district of country where they
can be supplied more cheaply than in any
other district of country that I know of with
their goods; and if it be necessary hereafter to
use the military, they will be confined within
narrower bounds, where it will not require
three thousand of our best cavalry to check-
mate fifty wild Indians.
It will be impossible to put all the Indian
tribes there. I do not know whether we can
put the tribes that I have named there. That
will be a matter for subsequent adjudication
by Congress upon the report of all the facts
that can be gathered. The committee propose
in the third section to select another district
of country in the present Indian Territory, or
adjoining to it. I would take in also perhaps
a part or the eastern portion of Few Mexico.
That would be my idea ; and if they can make
any negotiation with the State of Texas, to
take what are called the Staked Plains of
Texas. There is a large district of country
there that might be very profitably used by the
Indians, and which perhaps cannot be used by
the white man for a century to come. I did
not wish to insert anything of that sort, because
that would involve a serious difficulty perhaps
with Texas; but the commissioners can see
whether they can make any arrangements with
the State of Texas by which to get a portion
•of that section of country.
Upon this southern reservation we propose
to gather all of the southern tribes of Indians
named in the third section ; and in that way
we shall clear out the line of travel on the
Smoky Hill route to California, and also on
the line of travel to Santa F6.
The fourth section provides that the commis-
sioners, with a view to the concentration of the
Indians in these two reservations, may make
treaties with other tribes than the hostile In-
dians. No treaty will be final upon us until it
is submitted to the .Senate and ratified. We
can determine whether it is advisable to do so
or not; and I apprehend, with all the facts
before us, and a report such as these commis-
sioners can make to us, that we shall have no
trouble whatever in coming to correct conclu-
sions.
The fifth section is an appropriation of
money; first, "to carry out the provisions of
the preceding sections of this act, $150,000."
]t will be seen that this is less than one day's
cost of the present war. If these military men
in conjunction with these eminent civilians can
do anything toward stopping this war for
$150,000, why, in the name of sense, let us
try it. One day of the war will cost it all, and
then, if we can make peace, remember that
we have rid ourselves of the most brilliant pros-
pect for a three or four years' war that we
have had since the beginning of the recent re-'
rebellion, because this is much more import-
ant and much greater in its proportions than
any Senator, perhaps, here to-day imagines.
The fifth section further appropriates as fol-
lows :
"To enable the Secretary of the Interior to sub -
sist such friendly Indian? as may have separated or
may hereafter separate themselves from the hostile
bands or tribes and seek the protection of the
United States, $300,000."
I will read from the very able report of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs the other day
in reference to this matter. I do not come
up to his estimates at all, because I propose
to provide simply for the period of time be-
tween this and the next meeting of Congress.
He proposes an appropriation for the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June next. I will read
to the Senate an extract from his report, which
will show the necessity of this last* provision.
He says:
''There are now on the Niobrara river, near the
Platte river, about fifteen hundred friendly Sioux,
who have separated from the hostile bands. To
this number will soon be added some two thou-
sand or two thousand five hundred friendly Indians,
now on their way from the hostile country.
These are the Sioux Indians. Some of them
come in and give themselves up, and when
they do they are turned over to the Interior
Department by the military, all of which is
perfectly right. It is impossible for the mili-
tary to subsist in a proper manner their own
troops, much less to subsist these Indian cap-
tives, where they have large numbers of them.
Many of the bands of the Sioux have come in
and said, "We are not waging war against the
United States; we have nothing to do with
these Brule and Ogallalla bands; we are
friendly; we are not hostile ; we wage no war
against the United States; but if we remain
among our own people they force us into the
ranks." They have surrendered themselves,
and they have to be taken care of. At this
season of the year they cannot raise a crop; in
fact they have no means ; they have no coun-
try upon which to do it, and they have to be
taken care of by the United States just as pris-
oners of war are; we have to feed them. It is
a necessity. It is upon us. The Commissioner
says:
"To this number will soon be added some two
thousand or twenty-five hundred friendly Indians,
now on their way from the hostile country. Pending
hostilities, or until placed on reservations, and until
they shall have raised a crop or two. these Indians
will have to be subsisted by the Government, or per-
mitted to join their hostile kindred. To give them
three-quarter rations will cost $300,000; and it is
recommended that this sum be appropriated by Con-
gress at the present session for their subsistence for
the fiscal year ending June 30,1808."
In regard to the Cheyennes he says :
" The friendly Cheyennes, Arapahoes, and Apaches
of the south, forced by General Hancock's command
to abandon their hunting grounds, set apart to them
by the treaty of October, 1865, are now at or near
Port Cobb, in the Indian Territory, in a destitute
condition, and number, it is believed, from five to
seven thousand souls. These Indians, if not per-
mitted to return to their own hunting grounds,
must either be fed by the Government or be driven
to plundering the border inhabitants and war. An
appropriation is therefore asked of $500,000 for the
purpose of supplying these Indians if found to be
necessary."
Instead of appropriating §800,000, as asked
by the Commissioner—and I think the Com-
missioner has overestimated the number who
segregated themselves from the Arapahoes and
Cheyennes—we propose merely to provide
from this time until the next meeting of Con-
gress, and give him, instead of $800,000, the
sum of $300,000 for this subsistence.
Mr. President, that is the bill. It is all of
it. It is an honest effort, as we conceive, on
the part of the committee to get rid of this
Indian war, a war that gives us no character
at home or abroad; one that involves us in
calamities and miseries; one that will cause
the death of many of our soldiers; one which
has already caused the desertion of numbers
from the service, because it is the hardest ser-
vice soldiers ever did, and which, in the end,
must-saddle us with large, increased debt. We
are not particular about the shape of the bill
at all. We only desire that some earnest effort
be made on the part of civilians and of our
military men who have been engaged in this
war, and who understand perhaps by this
time the Indian character, to do something
toward that State of peace which existed from
1851 up to 1805.
_ Now, in regard to the names of the commis-
sion, this is a suggestion of my own; the com-
mittee is not involved in this at all, because
the committee did not consult in regard to
the names. I am willing that any name be
stricken from the list and others be added. I
have selected General Sherman. I think he
ought to be upon the commission. I have
selected Major General Hancock. He has been
implicated; there have been charges against
him that he unnecessarily and wantonly burned
the Cheyenne village. I do not want to leave
General Hancock off this commission. Let him
be upon the commission, and if he has reasons
for his conduct, let him there state them; let
the commission be notified, have all the facts
before them, and not have it a one-sided affair.
I do not want all civilians. I want the military
represented upon it; and if we have got to fight
it out, no man will more cheerfully give the
means, the money, and the men in order to put
it down. If nothing else but extermination
will do, we cannot permit the Indian to stand
in the way of civilization, and his termination
must come. But I desire t,o try everything
before I come to that, to see if it is possible to
settle this unfortunate difficulty of races. It
seems that we are afflicted more than any peo-
ple on earth with this matter of races. We
4ad the negro question that convulsed this coun-
try from 1820 up to 1861, and then the bloodiest
war known, the greatest war known in the
annals of time, over the question of race, the
black race. Now we have scarcely got through
that when, it seems, we must have another war
over the red man. If we can settle this ques-
tion peaceably and amicably we ought to do
so. My idea is to civilize the Indian. Let him
fall back into civilization instead of pressing
him out of it. I think wherever we can make
citizens of the .Indians it ought to be done.
They ought to be mixed up with the whites as
far as possible in order to prevent complaint,
and in order to save our own credit and our
own honor.
Then I propose to take General Hancock.
I know him. There is no better man. I need
not say a word in favor of General Augur. He
is known perhaps to every member of this
Senate; a man of eminent ability, a very dis-
tinguished officer, and one who will make a
good commissioner. Then I take General
J olm E. Smith. He is now in command at Fort
Phil. Kearney. Then I take General William
S. Harney, the man who above all others waged
a successful war against the Indians ; in fact,
the only man up to the present day who has
ever successfully waged war against them.
Then I take General John B. Sanborn, who is
known to every member of the Senate perhaps.
He was a distinguished officer in our late war.
He is now a civilian, a good man, a man of
eminent abilities, moral, upright, discreet. I
take also William Bent, who is known to every
man who knows anything about the Indians,
a man who has been among them for an age
almost, now an aged man living in the city of
St. Louis, who has traded with them, been
among them, and dealt with them. I take
also G. P. Beauvais. He is an Indian trader.
The reason why I put him on the commission
is that he speaks fluently and well all the dia-
lects of the Sioux tribes. He can go among
them, has influence with them, is known to all
their chiefs and head men, and in all proba-
bility will do more to secure peace with them
than any other man we can name. Then I
take Kit Carson. It is unnecessary to say any-
thing in favor of Kit Carson. He is a man
eminently qualified for a commission of this
sort.
Now, Mr. President, with this commission I
think we can bring about a peace; and by add-
ing simply the name of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, which I think we ought to do,
it is, in my judgment, as good a commission as
we can obtain. The general purposes of the
bill are such as eminently commend themselves
to my mind, and ought to commend themselves,
I think, to the Senate of the Unitecfc,States.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope not.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 8, noes 12; no quorum voting.
Mr. HENDERSON. There is a quorum
present. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope my friend from
Michigan will withdraw his motion, and let us
act on this bill. I understand that the mes-
sage of the President will come in to-morrow
or the next day, and whatever we arc going to
do on this subject we had better do at once.
Mr. HOWARD. I would do so out of
courtesy to my friend
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) The yeas and nays having been
