1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
671
ordered, the call can only be withdrawn by
unanimous consent.
Mr. HOWARD. Bat the bill is of so much
importance that I want some time to consider it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No objec-
tion being made, the call is withdrawn.
Mr. HARLAN. I am gratified with the
general tenor of the bill. There are some
amendments that I will suggest, if they shall
not be previously suggested by members of the
committee.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to ask what was the
result of the vote on the motion to adjourn?
Mr. HARLAN. You withdrew the call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOWARD. I did not withdraw the
call for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood the call to be withdrawn.
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; I did not call for
the yeas and nays myself. Some other gen-
tleman called for them; and I am sure the
division showed there was no quorum voting.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then upon
the motion to adjourn the yeas and nays are
ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 18; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Cole, Fowler, Freling-
huysen, Howard, Ramsey, Thayer, Van Winkle,
and Willey—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Conkling. Cragin, Har-
lan, Henderson. Howe, Johnson, Morgan. Morrill
of Maine, Patterson of New Hampshire. Pomeroy,
Koss, Sprague, Sumner, Tipton, Wade, Wilson, and
Yates—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Buekalew, Cameron,
Cattell, Conness, Corbett, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle,
Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Fessenden, Grimes, Guth-
rie, Hendricks, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norton,
Nye, Patterson of Tennessee, Saulsbury, Sherman,
Stewart, Trumbull, and Williams—26.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. HARLAN. The first difficulty which I
suggest on noticing this bill may not be real,
and yet I will venture to call the attention of
the committee to it  
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
will allow me to remind him that the question
now is on my amendment to strike out the
words " make selection of" in the second line
of the second section, and to insert the word
" examine."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will put the question on the amendment of the
Senator from Maine ; after which the amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa will be in order.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move further
to amend the same section, section two, by
inserting after the word "labor" in the
eleventh line the words, " and if found suited
to that purpose to select and describe the
same."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. While the Senator is en-
gaged in amending that second section with
regard to the boundaries, I should like to make
a suggestion which probably he will accept,
and thus dispose of it. For instance, in the
third line of the second section I would strike
out the words "north of the State of Ne-
braska." Then, again, I suggest to him to
have stricken out, after the word "river" in
the fourth line, the words, "and east of the
traveled routes to Montana Territory, upon the
waters of the White Earth, the Cheyenne, the
Little Missouri, and Yellowstone rivers," so
that the section would read : " That said com-
missioners are required to examine a district^
of country lying west of the Missouri river, of
sufficient area," and so on, not being more
particular in the designation of the country
than that, giving them the whole country west
of Missouri river to select from. At present
they are restricted to the country north of
Nebraska and south of Kansas, and giving
them the choice as far north as the mouth of
the Yellowstone; thus, if they are so disposed,
erecting a barrier of wild Indians against all
access east and west, north of Nebraska. _ I
presume that isj not the purpose of the chair-
man of the committee; but it seems to me very
strange that he should leave a wide belt there
of four hundred miles west of Kansas in which
not an Indian hereafter is to be located, and
spread all those Indians north of Nebraska as
far up as the month of the Yellowstone, thus
effectually excluding travel east and west on
this continent north of Nebraska. That cer-
tainly cannot be the purpose of the committee,
or of its chairman; and yet the language of
the section would lead to that conclusion, un-
less the amendment that I suggest be made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suppose the
idea was that they should have ample territory
to examine, aqd when selected and described,
it is to be reported to Congress for its adoption.
But the chairman of the committee has special
charge of this bill, and therefore I refer the
matter to him.
Mr. RAMSEY. But why, at this early
stage, express a preference for such a result as
I have indicated ?
Mr. HENDERSON. I suggest to my friend
from Minnesota that we cannot select Indian
reservations in the State of Nebraska without
the consent of that State, and I suppose the
Senators from that State would very seriously
object to such a proposition.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no objection to your
going north of Nebraska, if you please, but
why go as far as the international boundary
and cover that entire region of country and
erect a barrier to all the travel that passes
through there now ?
Mr. HENDERSON. It does not contem-
plate anything of that sort.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is within the power of
the commissioners under this bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Oh, no.
Mr. RAMSEY. " That said commissioners
are required to make selection of a district
of country lying north of the State of Nebraska,
west of the Missouri river, and east of the
traveled routes to Montana Territory."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. As amended,
they are required to examine that district.
Mr. RAMSEY. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. And then it
comes back to us.
Mr. RAMSEY. Why should they in their
examination and recommendation confine them-
selves to this district of country? There are
only about thirty-five or forty thousand Indians
to provide for. Why put it into the power
of the commission to locate them all over that
country ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The bill does
not do so. If my honorable friend will examine
it, he will find that it is not obnoxious to that
criticism.
Mr. RAMSEY. Of course it is, though you
have modified it somewhat.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to
offer my amendments. I move further to amend
the same section, section two, by striking out
all after the word "thereon" in the thirteenth
line, in the following words:
And no person not connected with said tribes
shall ever be peirniliedto enter thereon without the
permission of the tribes interested.
And inserting in lieu thereof:
Secured to said Indians, subject only to the juris-
diction of the United States.
So that the clause will read :
Said territory when so selected, and the selection
approved by Congress, shall bo and remain a perma-
nent home tor the Indians located thereon, secured
to said Indians subject only to the jurisdiction ox the
United States.
Mr. HARLAN. I have a doubt about the
propriety of that amendment, unless the Sen-
ator intends to amend further. I suppose the
object in adoptingthis phraseology was to pre-
vent white personk intruding on the reserva-
tions to be selected. We all know that there
is a class of trappers and hunters hovering on
the frontiers that are not much better than In-
dians, and not so good as some of them, and
they intrude themselves on the Indian territories
and commit depredations which generally lead
to the wars that cost the Government so much,
and frequently cost the loss of so man)' lives.
I think it better to preserve what has been the
policy heretofore of the Government on that
subject, and exclude intrusion of this kind of
white persons on the reservations donated or
set apart to the Indians.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This section
contemplates the action of Congress upon the
report of the commissioners, and the object of
this amendment is, in the first place, to avoid
the implication of the language now that when
this territory is selected, no white man shall
ever set his foot on it except by the consent
of the Indians. That, I think, is too strong.
That would seem to oust the jurisdiction of the
United States and put it absolutely within the
control of the Indians.
Mr. HARLAN. The usual phraseology is
"except employes of the Government and
those authorized by the Government to enter
the territory."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Instead of that
I propose to strengthen the idea in this section
that the title which the Indians shall have in it
shall be secured to them as property by suit-
able provisions of Congress; that whatever
territory this commission shall set out, and to
which these Indians are removed, they shall be
entitled to remain there as their home, and
they shall be secured in it. I wish to make
that idea prominent, and it is not, as the bill
now stands. Then I wish to avoid the impli-
cation that it shall be set up there as an abso-
lute barrier to our travel over it, and therefore,
while I secure their rights, I subject their
rights to the absolute jurisdiction of the United
States; so that the Government of the United
States may hold their rights as they hold the
rights of the citizens of the United States, and
grant privileges in regard to this territory by
right of way, or anything else, as it may deem
proper, subject to the personal rights of these
parties.
Mr. HOWARD. Does the honorable gen-
tleman from Maine contemplate establishing a
Territory north of Nebraska, in that region of
country, so large as to accommodate all the
tribes lying in that region, and that that Terri-
tory is to remain inaccessible to settlers for any
considerable period of time? Does he con-
template that the title of this Indian Territory
thus to be selected shall remain in the Indians,
and that the lands shall not be purchasable by
settlers? Is this the policy?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine* Yes, sir, with-
out their consent, precisely following the ex-
ample in the case of the Cherokees and Chick-
asaws.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg, then, for one, in
limine, to raise my feeble voice against any
such policy as that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope it will
turn out to be very feeble. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWARD. Feeble as it is it will be
used in opposition to that policy. I believe it
to be the most mischievous policy that ever has
been adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I meet that
| question precisely here, and say to the honor-
able Senator that I propose, when these In-
dians are removed to such territory as this com-
mission shall say is suited to them, suited to
their improvement and civilization, that ^ it
shall be theirs, for them and their posterity
forever, against settlers and everybody else,
without their consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask the honorable
Senator, if that is the case, why does_ he not
end the matter by enforcing the existing treat-
ies. By the existing treaties and laws of the
United States the Cheyennes and the Sioux
have a right to the soil upon which we are now
building two railroads. You complain about
military officers and other persons violating the
law, and yet Congress itself has violated the
law over and over again. It has by law author-
ized companies to enter upon this land and
locate railroads. It has located roads and
authorized the construction of roads over these
lands, to be traveled in violation of the treaties.
If we are simply to make treaties there are
treaties enough if you will enforce them ; if
you violate them you will violate this treaty.
Mr. HOWARD, And this very selection,
