1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
673
I will state to the Senator from Minnesota
that the people of my State will mak^*objec-
tion, just as lie now does, to having an Indian
reservation down in the Indian Territory,' and
bringing other tribes there. They are very
anxious to get rid of the tribes that are there
now. The Indian Territory is west of my State,
and they are all the time talking of the block-
ing up of civilization to the west of my State.
We cannot put these Indians anywhere without
having a squabble with Senators about their
location. The Senator from Minnesota is not
singular in this matter. The people of the
West all complain when you begin to put In-
dians in their neighborhood. Now the Senator
is complaining—not that Minnesota is to be
troubled, because I believe Minnesota has got
rid of her Indians very well. He says I now
propose to put them on the poorest land in the
world. I believe my friend from Minnesota
has driven the Indians from place to place,
putting them upon poorer and poorer lands
and smaller reservations, until now I think the
Chippewas and others are living upon fish en-
tirely ; on large reservations covering lakes
only—no lands, but all lakes. [Laughter.] I
think that was one of the difficulties last
winter.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is the diet they prefer.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HENDERSON. He says I propose
now to put them on the mctuvais terre, the
bad lands of the Missouri river. There are
some good lands there, I believe, on almost all
the rivers, where I suppose they could sustain
themselves. I do not wish to put them any-
where unless this commission say they can
sustain themselves there. -
But my friend ought not to say, that pre-
tending to be friendly to the Indian—I am no
more friendly to him than he ought to be—I
am now providing a way and means for starv-
ing him to death. Not by any means. I select
a commission of able and distinguished men,
and direct that they go and seek a reservation
for these Indians, and try and save them, if it
can possibly be done. Otherwise let us at
least get them upon reservations where we can
kill them without so much expenditure as it
now costs us. Let us get them upon smaller
reservations where it will not cost so much to
kill them. It costs us now $1,000,000 to kill
an Indian, and the Senator knows it. If he
wants extermination, let him join with me and
get them on a small i-eservation, where a regi-
ment of men can do the work. It will be an
easy matter to kill them then, with forts all
around them; but now it is exceedingly diffi-
cult- Therefore, even upon the hypothesis of
some Senators who want extermination. 1 think
it would be infinitely better to get the Indians
on small reservations where they can be exter-
minated without great cost.
But, sir, I rose with reference to what the Sen-
ator said in regard to my desire to block up the
North Pacific railroad. I do not desire to do
it. If lie will strike out the words liand Yel-
lowstone" he will then accomplish his object;
because surely his line of road cannot go south
of the Yellowstone. He knows that, and that
will leave this Indian reservation south of the
Yellowstone river. That will accomplish all
he wants.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will accept that amend-
ment with the further modification, which I
presume the Senator will agree to, ''and south
of the forty-fourth degree of north latitude."
Mr. HENDERSON. I would not do that,
because it may be necessary to go a little north
of that; but surely the Senator does not desire
to build that road on any stream north of the
Yellowstone river.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator knows that the
Northern Pacific railroad is permitted to go
as far south as the forty-fifth degree of north
latitude.
Mr. HENDERSON. Then say the forty-
fifth degree of north latitude.
Mr. RAMSEY. Your disposition is to keep
the Indians from the lines of railway, I suppose.
Mr. HENDERSON. I suppose these gen-
40th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 43.
tlemen ought to have some discretion and
some sense. There are gentlemen on the
commission who are interested in the road, or
if not, let the Senator name some one who
will have an eye to the interests of the North-
ern Pacific railroad. I am not particular
about the man.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am willing to accept the
forty-fifth degree of north latitude.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let them have a dis-
cretion between those lines.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I will only move to
strike out the words "and Yellowstone" and
add the words "south of the forty-fifth degree
of north latitude."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be reported as modified.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment as
modified, which was at the end of line five to
insert the word "and," and in line six to strike
out the words " and Yellowstone," and after
the word "rivers" to insert "south of the
forty-fifth degree of north latitude;5' so that
the section will read :
That said commissioners are required to examine
a district of country lying north of the State of
Nebraska, west of the Missouri river, and east of the
traveled route to Montana Territory, upon the
waters of the White Earth, the Cheyenne, and the
Little Missouri rivers, south of t!ie/orty-fifth degree
of north latitude, of sufficient area to receive all the
Indian tribes, <fcc.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I am decidedly of the opinion
that that section had better be stricken out
altogether. We have but about three hundred
thousand Indians left in the United States.
Of that number a good many—I have not the
figures before me, and I am not prepared to
say how many—are still taken care of in the
eastern and the western States. A good many
are in Nebraska—peaceable Indians. A good
many are in Kansas. Some are in Wisconsin.
Some are in States east of Wisconsin. Now
there is already dedicated to the use of the
Indians a territory, referred to in the third sec-
tion of this bill, of about fifty million acres,
admirably adapted to Indian occupation, pre-
cisely the territory, unless it is belied, that is
needed to commence the work of civilizing the
Indians and of educating them to take care of
themselves. That territory is abundant for
the occupation of -all the Indian tribes, it seems
to me, east of the mountains, and who are not
permanently located on some of the reservations
included within the several States. JThat is
dedicated now to the use of the Indian tribes.
Under treaty stipulations existing as I under-
stand, they cannot be disturbed. Why not
then provide for all these Indians in that terri-
tory? Why have two reservations, especially
when yon take into consideration the fact
already stated by the Senator from Missouri,
and the same fact is alluded to by the Senator
from Maine, that it is very doubtful whether
the character of the country included in the
territory mentioned in the second section will
permit Indians to subsist upon it, very doubt-
ful whether they can get a living. They must
live. The argument of the Senator from Mis-
souri is entirely sound upon that point. If
they cannot subsist by their own efforts, we
must take care of them. The Government
must support them, or they will plunder the
surrounding population. If that region of
country is of that character, why undertake by
the obligations of a treaty to locate these peo-
ple upon it? We shall have to support them,
or else they will be hereafter, as heretofore,
plundering the population living about them.
This territory alluded to in the third section
is a territory upon which we know they can
subsist. It is of 110 sort of consequence to the
surrounding States and Icrritories whether
there are a hundred thousand or two hundred
thousand Indians in that territory. They are
excluded from that territory and should be
excluded. That is all that is necessary, I take
it, to maintain peace, to kpep the two popula-
tions apart, each to have its home, and each
kept within its home. With a view of pro-
viding by a subsequent amendment for these
Indians in this southern territory, I move to
strike out the second section of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to think of that;
and I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tcesbayj July 16, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Bqynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
ohio contested-election case.
The SPEAKER laid before the House evi-
dence in the Ohio contested-election case of
Delano vs. Morgan; which was referred to the
Committee of Elections.
petition from arkansas.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the motion of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Lawrence,] pending at the adjournment
on Saturday last, to reconsider the vote by
which the House received the petition from the
Legislature of Arkansas.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. As my colleague [Mr.
Morgan] who presented the petition is not
present, I move that the matter be passed over
for the present.
No objection being made, the resolution was
passed over temporarily.
jtecoxstecctiox.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill for the mili-
tary protection of the loyal inhabitants of the
late rebel States ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Reconstruction, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a bill to enable the inhabitants of said
territories to form State governments ; which
was read a first time, referred to the same
committee, and ordered to be printed.
common schools in the district.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvana. I intro-
duced a bill at the last session of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress to establish a system of common
schools for the District of Columbia, which
was referred to the select Committee on the
subject of Education in the District. I ask
now to have a bill on the same subject referred
to the same committee when appointed.
1 The bill was accordingly read a first and
i second time, and ordered to be referred to the
| select Committee on Education iu the District
of Columbia when appointed.
revenue system.
Mr. SCHENCIv. I offered yesterday a
resolution culling for information from the
Secretary of the Treasury in relation^ to the
"Metropolitan Board of Ilevc-nue' in New
York city. It was objected to by the gen-
tleman from New York. [Mr. Robinson.] I
understand he now withdraws his objection.
Mr. ROBINSON. Would it be in order,
Mr. Speaker, for me to move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of introducing the reso-
lution that I offered yesterday?
The SPEAKER. Each resolution will have
to stand independently if there is objection. _
Mr. ROBINSON. If the gentleman will
allow me to offer my resolution now and to
move to suspend the rules first I will then
withdraw mv objection.
Mr. SCHENCK. I feel a natural affection
for my own resolution.
Mr. ROBINSON. I love the resolution of
the gentleman from Ohio almost as much as
n:y own, for they both go together; they are
friendly to each other.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 desire to move to sus-
pend the rules myself if the objection is not
withdrawn.
Mr. -ROBINSON. Then I hope the gentle-
man will allow me to say I trust he will intro-
duce the whole subject under the suspension
of the rules.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to interpose a gen-
