674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
eral objection to the introduction of these reso-
lutions.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I move to suspend
the rules.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. The Speaker, I believe, has held during
the entire present session that it is in order at
any time to move to suspend all the rules of
this House. I can hardly suppose that the
intention of the House when it adopted the
resolution to suspend the rules for the balance
of the March session was that that order
should continue on indefinitely or for the whole
time that this Congress should be in session.
I apprehend it was not the general under-
standing that the rule prohibiting the suspen-
sion of the rules except on certain days, which
is the only protection of the minority, for whose
benefit I had always supposed the rules were
made, was to be suspended so long. I will
not say that the Speaker is incorrect in his
ruling, but it does seem to me that at the time
the resolution was passed it was not expected
by the majority, arbitrary and exacting as they
are, to continue the suspension indefinitely.
The SPEAKER. That line of argument is
not pertinent—whether the majority are arbi-
trary. The gentleman may state his point of
order, but not indulge in any such strictures
on the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I was simply making
the remark, without reflecting on the other
side, that the rules which the majority would
enforce are always arbitrary, and that the rules
are themselves made for the protection of the
minority. I think it can hardly be disputed,
even by gentlemen on the other side of the
House, that the suspension of the rules for the
balance of the then session was not intended
to continue manv months, as it has done.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
order made in March last from page 61 of the
Journal.
The Clerk read as follows :
" On motion of Jlr. Thomas, the rules having been
suspended for that purpose, ordered that it shall be
in order at any time during the remainder of the
present session to suspend the rules by a two-thirds
vote."
The SPEAKER. That order was made at
the first session of the Fortieth Congress, and
is still in operation. But it is in the power of
the House of course to rescind that order and
leave the matter subject to the ordinary rule
of the House, allowing a suspension of the
rules only on Mondays and during the last ten
days of the session.
The question now is on the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] to sus-
pend the rules to enable him to offer the reso-
lution which the Clerk will read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to inform this House
whether he has established, or caused to be consti-
tuted^ in the city of Now York, an association or
commission of officers or persons known as the
"Metropolitan Board of Revenue," or a commission
or organization in that city in any way connected
with the revenue scrviee by any other name or style;
and if so, that he state under what authority or under
what provision of law and with what object or for what
purpose such aboard has been created; what individ-
uals compose it; when, by whom, and under what
authority they were selected or appointed; what
powers they exertise, what instructions have been
given to them, and what hare been up to this time
their acts or proceedings, collectively or as members
of such a board, in relation to revenue matters; and
also that the said Secretary furnish, with his reply
hereto, copies of all correspondence that the Treasury
Department or Revenue Bureau have had with offi-
cer or person in relation to the establishing of said
board or its pi oceedings, including all letters, orders,
decisions, accounts, communications, or writings of
any character on record or file in the Treasury De-
partment or in any bureau thereof having relation
to or conncction with said so-called "Metropolitan
Board of Revenue" or any other such commission
in the said city of New York.
Mr. ROBINSON. Allow me to withdraw
my objection.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Holmax] has renewed th§ objec-
tion. ,
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it in order to introduce
a resolution calling for executive information
at this time ?
The SPEAKER. The resolution was intro-
duced yesterday, and its immediate considera-
tion was objected to, and it went over one day
under the rules.
The question was taken on suspending the
ruleSj and there were—ayes 5(5, noes 18; no
quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers, and ap-
pointed Messrs. Schenck and Holman.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes eighty-two, noes not counted.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended.
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand the previous
question on the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROBINSON. I now move to suspend
the rules to enable me to introduce the follow-
ing resolution:
Jtewlved, That a committee of five be appointed by
this House, with power to sit during the recess of Con-
gress, to send for persons and papers, and to employ
a stenographer to examine into the working of the
detective system of the internal revenue depart-
ment, into the seizure of spirits and tobacco made by
persons other than those designated in the acts of
Congress, and to examine into the disposal of spirits
and other goods, wares, and merchandise seized or
sold by order of the courts, and to report by bill or
otherwise.
Though the other resolution was good, this is
ten times as good. I believe that if'this com-
mittee is appointed it will save before December
next $10,000,000 to the United States. But
if this committee shall be appointed I do not
wish to take the position usually assigned to
the mover of a resolution, that of chairman.
All I ask is that a good committee shall be
appointed, and I believe that it will save a
vast amount of money during the next three
months.
The question was taken; and there were—
ayes 80, noes G7.
Mr. ROBINSON. I call for tellers; and
if it be in order I would like to make a state-
ment.
The SPEAKER. It can be done only by
unanimous consent.
Mr. ROBINSON. One single remark, with
the consent of the House. Gentlemen around
me say that they would vote for the resolution
if I could give any good reason for its adop-
tion. _ I will give one reason in a single word.
I believe the seizures coming before a single
court alone amount to 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
object to debate.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
debaters not in order. Does the gentleman
from New York [Mr. RoiiiiN'Sox] insist on the
call for tellers.
Mr. ROBINSON. I do.
Tellers were ordered, and Mr. Robinson
and Mr. Washburn of Massachusetts were
appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes twenty-five.
Mr. ROBINSON". I will not insist upon a
further count. I see the unwillingness of the
House to adopt the resolution.
So the motion to suspend the rules to allow
the introduction of the resolution was not
agreed to. *
leave of absence.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks leave of
absence after to-day for the gentleman from
Maine, Mr. Peters.
No objection was made, and the leave of
absence was granted.
BRIDGE AT HOCK ISLAND, ILLINOIS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I ask
unanimous consent to introduce a joint reso-
lution, which I ask may be read at length.
The joint resolution, which was read in full,
provides that the bridge.at Rock Island, Illi-
nois, named in an act making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year end-
ing .lune SO, 18(58, and for other purposes,
approved March 2, 1867, shall be construed to
be the bridge from the city of Davenport via
Rock Island to the city of Rock Island, as do-
fined in section two of an act making further
provisions for the establishment of an annoiy
and arsenal of construction, deposit, and re-
pair on Rock Island, in the State of Illinois,
approved June 27, 1866.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Before
the question is taken on. allowing the introduc-
tion of the joint resolution, I ask unanimous
consent to make a brief statement.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
the gentleman will proceed.
There was no objection.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Mr.
Speaker, it will be recollected that I yester-
day offered a resolution reciting in the pream-
ble certain facts, and instructing the Attorney
General to proceed against the Rock Island
bridge, to have the same declared a nuisance
and abated. The reception of the resolution
was objected to by my friend from Illinois,
[Mr. Cook.]
I will say to the House (though it is a fact
which is now pretty well known to the House
and country) that the Rock Island bridge,
which has been in existence some ten years, is
regarded by the people who have occasion to
navigate the Mississippi river as a great ob-
struction and a public nuisance. It is no
exaggeration to say that property to the
amount of $1,000,000 has been lost by reason
of the obstruction of navigation since that
bridge was erected. Still we have no disposi-
tion to dcclare that bridges may not be con-
structed across the Mississippi river. We
know they are necessary. But we maintain
that they should be constructed where they
will be the least obstruction to navigation and
in the most approved manner.
These complaints have frequently come be-
fore Congress, and in 186G Congress deter-
mined that this obstruction to navigation
should be removed; and accordingly passed
an act, which is cited in the resolution I yes-
terday presented. It became necessary that
there should be further legislation, which was
adopted at the last Congress. I was informed
that the railroad companies had wholly neg-
lected to take notice of these enactments.
It was believed that they had no intention to
cooperate with the Government in building a
new bridge so long as they were quietly per-
mitted to occupy the old one. It was for this
reason that I offered the resolution bringing
the matter before the House. After doing so
I was called upon by my friend from Illinois,
[Mr. Cook,] who it seems has been in com-
munication with the managers of the railroad
company, and he assured me that it was the
disposition of the company to proceed to exe-
cute the laws so far as they were concerned,
but that there was a misunderstanding as to the
construction of the law. For this reason I this
morning ask to introduce a joint resolution de-
fining the existing law, so that there shall be
no misunderstanding between the Secretary of
War and the railroad company or the bridge
company. This resolution has been submitted
to the gentleman from Illinois, and is satisfac-
tory to him, as I believe it will be satisfactory
to the friends of the free navigation of the Mis-
sissippi. It will remove any obstacle to the
Secretary of War proceeding and entering into
a contract with this bridge company or these
railroad companies for the construction of a
new bridge in such manner as will be the least
possible obstruction to the navigation of the
river. I do not desire to press the resolution
I presented yesterday; but I ask to introduce
and have passed this joint resolution explana-
tory of the law. I will say, however, that if
the railroad company does not, between this
time and the next session of Congress, carry
out in good faith the intention of Congress,
then we shall insist upon the resolution I offered
yesterday.
