1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
675
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ask the
gentleman to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I will
do so.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I regard
this as very large legislation at this season of
Congress. For two years past we have been
called upon to legislate in regard to this very
subject; and I believe that we have appropri-
ated between two and three million dollars on
this bridge.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. We have
simply appropriated some two hundred thou-
sand dollars. There was an understanding that
the railroad company should pay one half the
expenses of the bridge.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Tspeak
of our appropriations to Rock Island.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. You have
an arsenal, armory, and workshops there, all
interested in this bridge ; and it was for these
works that the large appropriations spoken ot
were made.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. We had
considerable trouble in regard to this bridge
at the last session of Congress. There was a
committee of conference of the two Houses on
the subject, and there was much difficulty in
arranging for the proper construction of the
bridge. I hope the resolution will be again
read, so that we may see what is its precise
effect.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The res-
olution is simply explanatory of the law passed
at the last session of Congress.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I know
there were efforts made then to make the law
as plain as possible. I suggest to the gentle-
man that the matter had better be allowed to
go over for the present.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I sin-
cerely trust that my friend from Pennsylvania
wiH not object to the introduction of the reso-
lution. It simply proposes to define the duties
ot'the Secretary of War. There are two laws.
The law of 1866 provided for a new bridge
from Davenport to the city of Rock Island
across the island of Rock Island. Now, by a
subsequent act, he is in doubt whether he is
allowed to construct the bridge over Rock
Island to the Illinois shore. This is to relieve
his mind so that the work may go on.
Mr. Sl'EVENS, of Pennsylvania. Would
it be asking too much to wait first until we
receive a communication from the Secretary
of War, so that we may exactly understand
this matter?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I do not
object to calling on the Secietary of War ; but
it is important that the work on this bridge
should go on. I say to this House that my
constituents have, during this year, in conse-
cjuence of the high water in the Mississippi,
sustained a loss to the amount of $50,000 by
the wrecks of rafts of lumber. And that loss
was as nothing to the great losses of the steam-
boat interest.
. The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Steven's] alluded to the_ large appropriations
to Rock Island. That is true but, sir, by
means of these large appropriations you are
establishing there an arsenal and armory and
other extensive works, the most, magnificent in
the world : and, sir, it is the finest position in
the world for such an establishment. It is
because the Government needs this bridge and
the railroad needs it that it has been provided
that it should be built at the joint expense of
b°The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
time allotted for the gentleman's explanation
has expired.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I ask
for fifteen minutes more to hear the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Pile,] and the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. CooK.] _ .
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I object
to further discussion.
The resolution was objected to. _
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, moved
to suspend the rules.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
50, noes 44.
So the rules were not suspended.
INSPECTOR OF STREETS IN WASHINGTON CITY.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, entered a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the House
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia a bill abolishing the office of in-
spector of streets and carriage-ways, &c., in
Washington city.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN NEW HAMPSHIRE.
Mr. BENTON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to- remove the terms of the circuit
and district courts from Exeter, in the district
of New Hampshire, to Concord, in said State;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
adjournment over.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
that the House adjourn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved that when the
House adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Thursday next.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Is there any information
in the possession of the Chair as to when we
mav expect a communication from the Execu-
tive ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has been in-
formed, by what he supposes to be reliable
authority, the best authority, he believes, that
the President does not expect to be able to
communicate on the supplementary reconstruc-
tion bill before Thursday next.
The House divided on Mr. Eldridoe'S
motion, and there were—ayes 52, noes 47.
Mr. WINDOM demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. ^ ixdou and
Mr. BtJRH were appointed.
The House again divided, and the tellers
reported—ayes 46, noes 60.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the House refused to adjourn over.
The question recurred on the motion to
adjourn.
'Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. ^ I
withdraw it to allow the gentleman from Mich-
igan to offer a resolution.
washington monument association.
Mr. DRIG-GS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following preamble and resolution;
which were read, considered, and agreed to:
South Carolina, bar, for a session of United States
court at that place. . „
By Mr. LOAN: The petition of citizens of Daviess
county, Missouri, asking that the name ot John 1>.
Lay may bo placed on the pension-rolls.
and
Whereas an association known as "The Washing-
ton Monument Association " has been in existence
for some twenty years without having accomplished
anything, so far as known to the public, beyond the
partial erection of a square column on tue public
grounds of this cits', now abandoned; and whereas
it is believed that large sums of money have been
collected by said association from the public, which
collections are continued inthelmited States ratcut
Office and other public buildings: Therefore, _
Resolved, That the Secretary ot the Interior be
requested to inform this House, so far as may be m
his power, what becomes of the money collected ior
this obiect in the Patent Offi.ee, and whether he has
anv knowledge of the present condition of the asso-
ciation, who its officers are, and what tliey propose
to do with the tuuds.
court of claims.
Mr. HOLMAM". I ask unanimous consent
to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be in-
structed to inquire whether any further legislation
is required to define and limit the jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims, and whether tue lmal judgments ot
that court should be subject to any other method ot
revision than that now established by law, and that
said comimttce be authorized to report by bill 01
otherwise 011 any matter conccrmng the jurisdiction
of said courc.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE objected.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Illinois. I now renew
the motion that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at one o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under the
rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition oi the \orkviUe,
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, July 17, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read
approved.
PETITIONB AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MORGAN presented the memorial of
Origen Vandenburgh, praying for the passage'
of an act to incorporate the New York Bay
Tunnel Company; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HOWARD presented the petition of
Charlotte Posey, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion : which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. HOWE presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Wisconsin in favor of an appro-
priation to the city of Milwaukee to reimburse
that city for expenses incurred in constructing
the harbor at the " Straight Cut;" which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present a petition from
a number of citizens of Kentucky, praying for
an amendment to the judiciary acts so as to
authorize an appeal to be taken from the court
of appeals of Kentucky to the Supreme Court
of the United States in a case involving the
rights of the Presbyterian church of the United
States. They say that the case comes within
the meaning, they think, of the judiciary act,
but not within its letter. I move its reference
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
It was so referred.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of
Anna B. Perkins, praying that out of the sums
of money to be paid to the imperial Govern-
ment of Russia under the terms of the recent
treaty between that Government and the Uniud
States there shall be withheld a sum sufficient
to pay the claim of the late B. W. Perkins
against that Government, until that Govern-
ment shall grant a fall hearing and adjudica-
tion of said claim by some competent tribunal:
which was referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations.
Mr. MORGAN. On Saturday last I pre-
sented the petition of Nathaniel D. Garble &
Son. praying to be relieved from the payment
of the increased duties upon certain wool. At
that time it was the order of the Senate that
all petitions should be laid upon the table, and
I had that petition laid on the table accord-
ingly. I now ask that that petition be taken
from the table and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made, no objection being made.
; bill introduced.
| Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous eon-
j sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution iS. B. No. 59J submitting to the_ Legis-
latures of the several States a proposition to
amend the Constitution of the United States;
which was read a first time by its title, laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
DEPARTMENT HUNTING .
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the Senate to indulge
me by taking up the bill that was laid aside yes-
terday that I might prepare an amendment to
it. It is the bill from the House in regard to
printing in the Departments.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
i consideration of the bill tH. R. No. ISO) sup-
i pleiuentary to an act entitled ''An act making
! appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
j Government for the year ending June 30.1808,
and for other purposes." passed March 2. 1SG7.
i Mr. GRIMES. I aslc that the bill be reported
as it sftinds.
| •The Chief Clerk. The bill was yesterday
' amended, and now reads as follows :
! Be it enacted, iic„ That the concluding proviso of
i section ten of the act described in the titl# hereof
