676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
shall not bo held to prevent the necessary printing,
as heretofore done, in the Executive Departments
and the bureaus thereof by their own employes.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer an amendment
that I think will meet the objection that was
made yesterday. It is to insert at the end of
the bill, " but the number of persons em-
ployed in this service shall not be increased."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am told they have but
a single compositor engaged in that service.
Mr. GRIMES. What service?
Mr. ANTHONY. That this bill authorizes;
that is, for printing the transfers on the back
of the bonds and for printing labels to go around
the bonds and notes, which labels are printed
upon the refuse paper of the bonds returned,
the paper cut into narrow strips, and printed
from stereotyped plates there.
Mr. GRIMES. I will inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing, then, who
are the compositors that setup the Secretary's
report, the Commissioner of Internal Revenue's
report, and the President's message in some
cases—documents that bear the imprint of the
Treasury Department of the United States?
Mr. ANTHONY. I am not able to answer
that; but those documents that I have seen
have been very few indeed. I have seen noth-
ing but the President's message, which [ sup-
pose has been set up there for more conve-
nience on account of its confidential character,
and the report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. It would take one compositor but a few
days to do that.
Mr. GRIMES. I think one of the greatest
nuisances about the Treasury Department—
and I apprehend there is more than one—is
the printing establishment. I understand from
the superintending architect that the printing
establishment there is destroying the building.
That printing establishment has grown up with-
out any authority of law whatever. We have
printing capacity enough at the Government
Printing Ofiice to do all the printing, and it
can be done just as safely, just as well, and
much more economically there than it can be
done at the Treasury Department. I believe
we have also a printing establishment at the
War Department.
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. We have a printing estab-
lishment at the War Department which has
grown up also without any authority of law, so
far as I know. I will inquire of the ehairman
of the Committee on Printing if there was any
authority for establishing a printing office in
the War Department?
Mr. ANTHONY. I am not aware of any.
Mr. GRIMES. I think there is no authority
anywhere to establish any of them. Now, as
they have engaged in it, tliisbill merely declares
that they shall go on and be permitted to print
as heretofore, provided'they do not increase
the amount of their clerical force. Who knows
what amount of clerical force they have there
now? Is the Senator able to tell us ? For the
specific work which General Spinner wants
authority to print he only wants two compos-
itors; but for how many other purposes they
desire compositors nobody can tell. I know
that there are a great many compositors em-
ployed in the Treasury Department by some-
body, under some sort of guise.
Mr. ANTHONY. The printing to which
the Senator from Iowa alludes as endangering
the building, if at all, must be the printing of
the bonds and notes. That must be done in
the Treasury building. No one, I fancy, would
recommend that the securities of the Govern-
ment should be printed at the Public Printing
Office. They must be printed in the Treasury
building.
Mr. GRIMES. Why so?
Mr. ANTHONY. For security. I think it
would be very unsafe that those should be
where they could be for one moment 8ut of
the superintendence of the confidential Treas-
ury officers.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know why there
should be any more necessity to do that print-
ing in the Treasury Department than to print
the national currency there; and that is not
printed there; it is ali printed in New York.
Mr. ANTHONY. Thafris at the risk of the
banks.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir ; _ at the risk of the
United States until after it is delivered to the
banks.
Mr. ANTHONY. This bill does not affect
that printing at all. I do not think that the
bill is at all necessary ; I think that the De-
partments have all the authority that this bill
confers upon them, and I believe all the Sec-
retaries that have hitherto had printing done
in their Departments continue to do it, except
the Secretary of the Treasury. He has had
so many hard knocks in both Houses of Con-
gress, and has been so continually complained
of here, that lie puts a stricter construction on
the law than either of the other Secretaries.
I am perfectly willing that this bill should
read, if it will suit the Senator from Iowa
better:
Provided, That not more than two compositors
shall bo employed in such service.
They assure me at the Department that they
have but one there. I will consent to that,
instead of the other amendment, if it is pre-
ferred.
Mr. GRIMES. If they have only one now,
why give them another V
Mr. ANTHONY. I thought we might give
them a little lee-way. Sometimes they may
want two perhaps. I have introduced this
amendment &nd called up this bill at the re-
quest of General Spinner, the Treasurer, who
informs me that he considers it very important
indeed to the convenient and economical dis-
patch of business in his department. I think the
practice of having general printing done in the
Departments is entirely wrong. I think I men-
tioned yesterday that the subject had come to
the attention of the joint Committee on Print-
ing, and that we were preparing a bill to require
all the printing to be done at the Government
Printing Office ; but before presenting that to
the Senate we wished to confer with the heads
of Departments and ascertain what necessity
there was for any printing there, and to give
them as much privilege of that kind as should
be thought proper. 1 have no sort of desire
about this bill except to accommodate the
Treasury Department. I think it ought to
pass.
Mr. SHERMAN. I interposed an objection
to this bill yesterday ; but 1 am entirely satis-
fied, so far as the object as stated to me is
concerned, that the bill ought to pass. The
Treasury Department are printing certain
blanks and forms and indorsements on bonds.
For instance, yesterday one bank exchanged
four hundred securities, one security for another,
to the amount of nearly half a million dol-
lars. It would not have been very proper or
safe to send those in charge of a messenger to
the Public Printing Office, and have them trans-
ferred there. They have a printing press in
the Treasury to do this work, and it is executed
promptly in the presence of the Treasurer him-
self, or his authorized agent for that express
purpose. To the extent of printing all the
necessary blanks, forms, envelopes, &c.,inthe
Treasury Department, the bill ought to pass.
My fear was yesterday that under pretense of
this^law they would transfer other printing to
the Treasury and other Departments, and print
the documents that the Senator from Iowa
refers to, that- is, messages and documents that
ought properly to be printed in the Public
Printing Office ; but on the statement of the
Senator from Rhode Island, that they could
not be effected under the operation of this bill,
I am perfectly willing that it shall pass. The
force now employed is very small. I am told
by the Treasurer there are scarcely any. There
are but one or two compositors, and with that
force they certainly could not commit any very
great abuse. I therefore have no objection to
the passage of the bill.
_ Mr. GRIMES^ How does the bill read as
it is now amended ?
The Chief Clerk read the amended bill, as
follows:
Be it enacted, &c., That the concluding proviso of
section ten of the act described in the title hereof
shall not be held to prevent the necessary printing,
as heretofore done, in the Executive Deportments
and tiie bureaus thereof by their own employes;
but the number of persons employed in this service
shall not be increased.
Mr. ANTHONY. There seems to be a
good deal of jealousy on this subject, and I
am willing that it should read " Treasury De-
partment" instead of " Executive Depart-
ments," if that will make the bill more accept-
able to Senators. I think that is the only
Department that so construes the law. The
question, however," wilLarise, if we pass a bill
giving special permission to the Treasury De-
partment, whether it will not be construed as
prohibiting the other Departments, although
no other Department puts this construction
upon the law.
Mr. SHERMAN. The War Department print
their general orders, and that is proper. They
must do it.
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly, it is a very
great convenience for them to print their gen-
eral orders there.
Mr. SHERMAN. They must be printed
there, because they are confidential orders to
military commanders putin printed form, and
it is better not to send them to the General
Public Printing Office.
Mr. GRIMES. We are in the habit of
printing in confidence treaties, nominations,
and everything of that kind. They have a con-
fidential bureau connected with the national
Printing Office, and these War Department
orders could be printed there with just exactly
the same secrecy and with as great cclerity as
they are printed in the War Department. Such
a thing was never thought of until within the
last few years as allowing printing to be done
either in the Treasury Department or the War
Department. It is an abuse that sprang up dur-
ing the war. It might have been a necessity at
one time, but now it is proposed to continue it
through all time, after the war has ceased.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think at the next ses-
sion there can be a bill proposed that will meet
the views of the Senate on this question. I
think there is no difference of opinion upon it,
but I am of the opinion from what the Treas-
urer has told me that this printingis very desir-
able for the convenience and for the economy
of the Department. I see the Senator from
Maine on his feet, and will say no more about it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no doubt, as a
matter of time, that it is important, but I do
not see the use of extending this privilege
beyond the Treasury Department. I think it
ought to be confined to the Treasury .Depart-,
ment. I will ask how does it read now ?
Mr. ANTHONY. It reads " the Executive
Departments." I will amend it so as that it
shall refer only to the Treasury Department;
but no other Department construes the law in
this way, and I think the Treasury Department
does not construe it correctly. It is merely
because the Secretary thinks Congress has
been pretty hard on him, and he is afraid of
being charged with disregarding the law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the other Depart-
ments do not construe it in this way, they will
go on as heretofore, I suppose.
_ Mr. ANTHONY. Unless this hill, by spe-
cially excepting the Treasury Department, may
make the other construction more imperative
on the other Departments. However, 1 am
willing that the bill shall be amended in the
way suggested, and then if the other Depart-
ments want relief they can come and get it.
Mr. FESSENl)ENr. That will be better. I
am not aware that there is any printing estab-
lishment in the other Departments at all.
Mr. ANTHONY. There has been i;; the
War Department, and 1 am not sure but that
there has been in the Interior Department. A
great deal of printing has been done in the
Departments that I think ought not to have
been done there, but I do not think this comes
under that class.
