1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
677
Mr. FESSENDEN. This grew up in con-
sequence of the printing that was carried on
there of our bills and notes and bonds and
those tlfings. _ It was found convenient and,
at the same time, economical. It-was found
that divers sundry little things could be done
there instantly when called for, at a saving of
time and money. There is a printing estab-
lishing}^ there, and we have made an appro-
priation of'some one or two hundred thousand
dollars to erect a building for the express pur-
poses of this printing.
Mr. GRIMES. We have not done it yet.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know there is a diffi-
culty between the architect and somebody else
on the subject; but we have so far recognized
it as to put up the building, because it will be
absolutely necessary to continue for some length
of time the printing of bonds and notes; and
this printing can be as well done, and more
economically, and better done at the Depart-
ment; but I do not see the use of extending
it to other Departments, and it ought not to be
extended to them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island proposes to amend the
bill in lines seven arid eight by striking out the
words "Executive Departments" and insert-
ing " Treasury Department."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in, and ordered to be engrossed, and the bill
to be read a third time. It- was read the third
time, and passed.
CLAIMS OX VENEZUELA.
Mr. SUMNER. • The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the message
ot the President, communicating the copy of a
convention with the republic of Venezuela for
the adjustment of claims of citizens of the Uni-
ted,States on the Government of that republic,
and inviting the action of Congress in order to
carry out that convention, have had the same
under consideration, and have directed me to
report a bill. As there can be no question
with regard to the bill, and as it is important
that it should be acted upon promptly, I ask
the unanimous consent of the Senate to proceed
■with it now. It is simply to carry the treaty
into execution.
By unanimous consent the bill (S. No. 138)
to carry into effect the convention with the
republic of Venezuela for the adjustment of
claims of citizens of the United States on the
Government of that republic was read twice
by its title and considered as in Committee ■of
the ft hole. For the purpose of carrying into
elfect the convention with the republic of
Venezuela for the adjustment of claims of citi-
zens of the United States on the Government of
that republic, signed at Caracas on the -oth of
April, ibUO, the commissioner (to be appointed
by the President of the United States, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate.)
is to be allowed a compensation in full for his
services of ."5o,000, and J510 a daj- in commuta-
tion of traveling expenses for the time actually
and necessarily occupied in going from the place
of his residence to Caracas and returning to his
home after the termination of his duties.
If the President of the United States shall
elect to appoint the minister resident of the
United States in Venezuela to perform the
duties of commissioner under the convention,
such minister is to receive a compensation for
his services of fifty per cent, of the sum before
mentioned, pursuant to the provisions of the
ninth section of the act of August 18, 185G, " to
regulate the diplomatic and consular systems
ot the United States."
The President is also authorized to make
such provision for the contingent expenses of
the commission under the convention, includ-
ing the moiety of the United States for the
compensation of the umpire and of the secre-
tary who may be elio<en by the commissioners
pursuant, to the provisions of the convention,
as he shall deem just and proper; and such
sums as may be necessary to carry out the
provisions of the act are appropriated out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
EQUAL RIGHTS IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. SUMNER. I now ask the Senate to
take up the little bill which I introduced yes-
terday, in regard to which I think there can be
no question, to amend the charter of the city
of Washington.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask to hear the bill
read for information.
The Chief Clerk read" it, as follows:
A bill (3. No. 137) for the further security of equal
rights in tho District of Columbia.
Be it enacted, &c.. That in the District of Columbia
no person shall be excluded from any office by reason
of race or color, and all laws making any such dis-
crimination are hereby repealed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the bill for consideration.
Mr. HENDERSON rose._
Mr. SUMNER. There will be no debate on
that.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from
Massachusetts says there will be no debate on
that question.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course not.
Mr. HENDERSON. Of course I will not
debate it, but I know there are Senators here
who will debate it. When the Senate adjourned
yesterday evening we had under consideration
a bill of very great importance, and we should
settle jt in some way. It is the pending ques-
tion ; it is the matter now in order: and I shall
object to taking up anything until that bill is
disposed of. It is a ma tter of vital importance,
one that will save the Government an immense
amount of money in the one way and will leave
us subject to an immense amount of tax in the
other way, in my judgment, accordingly as it
shall be decided. It involves millions and
millions of money. This other matter can be
postponed until we dispose of it, and I there-
fore object to the consideration of anything
until the bill to which I refer is disposed of.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no disposition to
antagonize my bill against the bill of the Sen-
ator ; but will the Senator bear in mind that
his bill is in order at one o'clock? It is not
yet one o'clock. This bill can be passed in a
very few minutes. I have no idea anybody
! wishes to discuss it. I believe it would have
been passed before now if the Senator had not
interposed Ins objection. I ask him therefore
to let it be proceeded with. He has the floor
at one o'clock on his bill, and I am very desir-
ous to speed the action of the Senate on his
bill. As I have now made the motion with
regard to ray bill, I submit that it had better
be finished. There can be no objection to it.
I ho]3e the Senator will withdraw his opposi-
tion and let it be considered.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will inquire of the
Chair whether, if the bill to which the Senator
from Massachusetts refers shall be taken up,
the Indian bill will be the business in order at
one o'clock?
Mr. SUMNER. Of course it will. There
is no doubt about that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
of the Senator from Missouri is the unfinished
ij business of yesterday, and it will be in order at
' one o'clock: that is, it will be the duty of the
j | Chair to call it up at that time. It will be under
i the control of the Senate, of course.
!] Mr, HENDERSON. Then I withdraw any
i' objection at present.
" The PRESIDENT jfiro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the bill alluded to by the
Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. DAVIS. I object to the bill being taken
up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is under
the control of the Senate, 1 suppose.
The motion was agreed to: and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 137) for the further
security of equal rights in the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us hear the bill read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I suggest before
the words "all laws" to insert the words "so
much of." You do not wantto repeal the whole
of the laws.
Mr. SUMNER. I accept the amendment.
The P RESIDENT pro tempore. That amend-
ment will be made, no objection being inter-
posed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts was the author of the proposition
that the colored people should vote. He made
the commencement of that policy with the
District of Columbia. He now claims—and I
believe his party friends have come up to his
position—that that is to be made universal
throughout the States. I suppose he will be
frank enough to inform us whether it is intended
as the commencement of the policy that negroes
shall be allowed to become office-holders, to
hold both Federal and State offices throughout'
the country ; whether he regards this as the
inauguration of that policy? I suppose he
does from the fact that he expressed with a
great deal of warmth the other day the desire
that he might see colored Senators here in a
very short time. If we are to regard it as the
inauguration of the policy it is well enough to
know it.
Mr. SUMNER. Question.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in ; the biil was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. and was read the third time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I guess we had better
have the yeas and nays on the passage of this
bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 5 ; as follows:
XEAS—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Cole, Edmunds.
Fessenden, Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Henderson, How-
ard, If owe. Morgan, Morrill of Maine, 5ye, Patterson
of Kew Hampshire, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman,
Sprague, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Wade, Willey.
Wilson, and Yates—i5.
XAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buekalew, Davis, Hend-
ricks, and Johnson—5.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Conkling,
Conness, Corbett, Cragin, Dixon, Doolittle, Drake,
Ferry, Fowler, Grimes, Guthrie, Morrill of Veiraont,
Morton, Norton, Patterson ot'Tennessee, Boss. .Sauls-
bury, Stewart, Trumbull, Van Winkle, and Wil-
liams—i3.
So the bill was passed.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhebsox, its Clerk, announced
that the House agreed to the amendments of
the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 130) supple-
mentary to an act entitled "'An act making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1808,
and for other purposes." passed March 2,1867.
The message also announced that the Honse
had passed the bill (S. No. 127) for the relief
of Melinda Harmon, of the county of Greene,
and State of Tennessee, widow of Jacob Har-
mon.
COMMITTEE OX RETRENCHMENT.
The message further announced that the
House had concurred in the resolution of the
Senate providing for the addition of one mem-
berof the Senate and two members of the House
to the joint select Committee on Retrenchment,
and had appointed Messrs. T. A. Jexckes. of
Rhode Island, and J. F. Bexjamix. of Mis-
souri, such additional members on tho part
of the House.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Pattef.sox. of Now Hampshire, the addi-
tional member of the joint select Committee
on Retrenchment on the part of the Senate.
RELIEF Ob' DESBKTEIIS.
The message also announced that the House
disagreed to the amendment of the Senate to
the bill (H. Iv. No. 108) for the relief of cer-
tain volunteer soldiers and sailors therein
