1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
679
on the reservations selected, are authorized to make
such treaties with tribes now at peace with the Uni-
ted States as will tend to facilitate that object or
remove^ obstructions from the lines of travel as afore-
said.
_ I do not doubt but that I approve the inten-
tion of the committee in drafting that section
of the bill; but it seems to me that it is .too
broad, and it ought to be modified so as to
exclude from its purview the Indians who are
now residingin peace and quiet on reservations
assigned to them under treaties between them
and the United States. There are from thirty-
five to forty thousand Indians residing on res-
ervations in the States of Kansas and Nebraska,
a large part of whom live by agricultural pur-
suits. They are living in peace and quiet. Ihey
have not engaged in any of the hostile raids
made by the wild tribes of the Plains, either
on the laborers on the railroads or on the set-
tlements or on transportation trains. They are
living in strict conformity with their treaty obli-
gations with the United States; and I do not
think we should authorize, and perhaps it was
not the intention of the committee to authorize
these commissioners to unsettle these tribes of
Indians at this time. This bill, as I suppose,
ought to be confined to the removal of the diffi-
culties, the extraordinary condition of things
now existing on the Plains; and the Indians
living on these reservations in the States to
which I have referred, living in peace and
quiet, in strict conformity with their treaty
stipulations, ought to be permitted to remain
there, and these commissioners should be au-
thorized only to make treaties with such peace-
ful Indians as are not residing on reservations
in pursuance of treaties.
With such amendments as these, I can vote
very cheerfully for the bill. I think the com-
mittee are on the right track, and perhaps, if
they had had a little more time to mature it,
the bill would have included the suggestions
that I have made, or those that would have
been wiser.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I have
made up my mind to vote for this bill, although
it contains some provisions that I do not ap-
prove. As we are on the eve probably of serious
Indian hostilities that will tend to prevent the
construction of the Pacific railroad and the
settlement of the western country, I should vote
for almost any measure to bring about a cessa-
tion of hostilities with a view to some final
settlement of the controversy.
I should have said nothing in regard to this
measure but for some observations made
by my friend from Missouri [Mr. Hender-
son] in regard to General Pope and the man-
agement of military affairs on the'western
plains, which I think probably did some injus-
tice to General Pope. My own opinion is that
the only true settlement of our Indiau difficul-
ties is to absorb the Indians in our general pop-
ulation. Our settlements are now spread so
much over the whole extent of our territory
that there is no room for the Indian to pursue
his nomadic mode of life. He must adopt, to
some extent, the habits of civilization or starve,
or else be fed by the bounty of the Govern-
ment. Settlements have now reached every
portion of the western country. Utah, Mon-
tana, Nevada, Colorado, all these Territories
have settlements and organized governments.
The Indian is driven from his home; he is
driven from his hunting grounds; he cannot
subsist in any portion of the western territory
without the aid of the national Government.
He has either, therefore, to make war upon us
aud rob and plunder the white people, or else !
he has got to give way to the march of civil- j
ization. ]
This may be inhuman, but it has "been the j
whole course of Indian affairs since the first '
settlement of white men in this country. Even '■
within my recollection, and that does not go
very far back, many Indians lived in Ohio on ,j
reservations, on which they had churches,
schools, and colleges, in which many of them j
were educated, Christianized; they had preach- j
ers of the Gospel and teachers of schools among ;>
them : and yet such was the state of natural <1
hostility between our Indian population and the
white people around them that they were driven
from their homes. The white people, in viola-
tion of treaty, in violation of law, continuailv
encroached upon the Indians, provoked quarrels
which finally led to the interposition of military
power, and the last vestige of the Indians were
at last driven from their cultivated homes into
Kansas; and the tribe which once probably
owned nearly one fourth of our whole western
country is now almost out of existence, the
great Wyandotte tribe. I believe there are not
five hundred of that tribe left to tell the tale of
the disappearance of their race.
This must necessarily be so. As our white
population progress westward over the Plains
they will either absorb the Indian population
or kill it off. It may be hard: but such is the
fate of all barbarous communities, all wild
tribes, when they come in contact with civil-
ized tribes. If we attempt to absorb them by
putting them on reservations the same hostility
continues. The result is that tribe after tribe
will gradually disappear, until finally the rem-
nant of the tribe either go off and join some
other tribes or become vagrants in our streets,
and finally disappear entirely from the race of
human beings. You cannot stop or change
that law of nature.
There is, therefore, in my judgment, no solu-
tion of the Indian trouble except the gradual
and humane absorption into our general popu-
lation of all the Indian tribes, and all your
legislation should be based upon that view.
You may make all the treaties that can be
written by lawyers or by officers, and those
treaties will not be observed. Take the very
case now before us. You made a treaty with
the Cheyenne Indians, one of the hostile
tribes, by which you set apart to'them forever
as a part of their hunting grounds the upper
valley of the very river over which you are
now building a railroad. By the stipulations
of the-treaty with the Sioux Indians yon have
no right to go upon any portion of their terri-
tory, except the right to pass over the main
emigrant route by way of the South Pass to
the Pacific. That was reserved. The very
reservation of that route excluded all others.
The Indians owned the country north of that
line and south of that line. They roamed over
it. That treaty was not violated until it was
necessary for us to send out a force against
Utah, when General Johnston selected a bet-
ter route to Utah, and went then over the route
that is now to be the route of the great Union
Pacific railroad; that is, by the Catchpole
creek. He went up then by what is called the
Cheyenne Pass, and so across over into Lara-
mie Plains, and on to Utah. Then for the
first time this route was laid out in express
violation of the treaty that had been made not
long before. Now what would prevent the
United States officers going there?
Not only that, my honored friend complained
that General Pope established three military
stations on the Powder river. How did that
come about? This very Congress authorized
the construction of a military road, appropri-
ated money to build a military road on that very
line. It was absolutely necessary to do so
from our stand-point, from our view. Why ?
Because mines had been discovered in Mon-
tana, north of Utah. There was no way to get
to Montana except to go through Salt Lake
City and then go northward. It was a long way
around. Our people would n#t go a long way
around when they could go a more direct way,
especially if there were nothing but Indians and
wild beasts in the way. The resuh was they
made a road themselves up by the Powder river,
along the base of the mountain, and followed it
two or three hundred miles. Shortly after-
ward the delegates from that region asked us
for an appropriation to aid them in building a
military road there. Congress granted it. It
was an express violation of the treaty. It was
a new road in the region of country and the
best region of country that was lived upon by
the Indians. It was authorized by Congress:
money was appropriated : and your officers
ilwere sent out there, and bridges were con-
,! strncted on this very route by the United
!j States.
! | What was then to be done by the military
!i authorities? Were General Pope and the
soldiers under his command to stand there
where that route diverged from the great Plain
route to Fort Laramie? The white settlers
went there on the road built by the national
Government, and it became the duty of the
military officers to protect them. The result
was that an order was issued, not by General
Pope, but an order was issued from the head-
quarters here of the Army of the United States,
directing that protection should be given to the
people traveling along the highway built by
the United States Government. In order to
give them protection these military forts were
required. Three of them were ordered to be
erected along the line of the route. Fort Phil.
Kearney was erected as one of them. Remem-
ber, the whole of this country, every foot of
it, was set apart for the occupation of these
Indians ; and yet we authorized a road to be
constructed here, I think from Laramie to Mon-
tana. The whole of that country was Indian
country, and reserved for the Indians. If,
therefore, there was any violation of law it was
Congress that did it, and all the military offi-
cers did was simply to protect our own people
traveling over a route that had been laid out
by the,national Government. In the course
of that three military forts were required.
Fort" Phil. Kearney was one of them, and it
was at Fort Phil. Kearney that the massacre
of Lieutenant Fetterman "and his hand took
place, or very near there. As a matter of
| course there could be no fault found with Gen-
i eral Pope.
| But my friend from Missouri read an extract
! from General Pope's report which made an
! impression upon me rather unfavorable to
i General Pope. It seemed as if General Pope
' treated this subject with a degree of levity.
On the contrary, after reading the dispatch I
find that I can indorse every word that Gen-
eral Pope says, and I have no doubt Senators
will make the same observation when they
come to read it carefully. General Pope is
giving simply a narration of his view of Indian
affairs on the western plains. He had recently
gone over the whole country, and toward the
close of his letter he says:
" A reference to my communicationsonthis subject
for the past twelve months will exhibit the fact that
I have repeatedly warned the Government that the
Indian war now upon us was inevitable, and that nn
reliance whatever could be placed upon treaties of
peace such as had been negotiated."
We know that now; so that he was a
prophet:
"The peace commissioners promise the Indian, in
the first place, that the whites shall not go into Site
Indian country, knowing well that it is impossible to
fulfill such a promise."
And yet this bill as it is reported contains
that very promise, which every one off us
knows cannot, and will not be complied with.
General Pope here says that the peace com-
missioners—not the Army officers, for they do
not make treaties, but agents sent out from
the Interior Department—make stipulations
that they know themselves never have been
and never will be observed. That is so. The
stipulations contained in all these treaties were
violated, yea, they were violated before we
ratified the treaties, and we never looked at
the treaties when we authorized the opening
of these roads and the eonsrruetion of the
Pacific railroad. Why, sir, the construction
of the Pacific railroad, each and every branch
of it, is an express violation of an Indian treaty.
What right had we to authorize the Union
Pacific Railroad Company to build a line of
railroad up along the Catchpole creek and the
Cheyenne Pass and over the Laramie Plains on
the best, road to Utah and California? We had
expressly agreed that the route of travel over
these Plains should be confined to two main '
lines, one down south through Texas and
another by way of the South Pass. The South
Pass is more 'than a hundred miles north of
