680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
the very line we authorized a railroad to be
constructed over, and the Union Pacific rail-
road now is being constructed, under our law,
right over the region of country that we ex-
pressly reserved to these Indian tribes.
Why, sir, you read in this morning's paper
the account of the attack by the Indians upon
our party at Fort Wallace. What caused that
attack? It was an engineering corps exploring
a line for a railroad, running their levels, with
the compass, the chain, and all the implements
they use to lay out a railroad. The Indians
saw this. They knew what was coming after
them. They knew that was but the precursor
of a railroad. They knew that a railroad was
to be built there. They, therefore, made the
attack to prevent the railroad from being built
there.
Mr. HENDERSON. We attacked them.
Mr. SHERMAN. According to the news-
paper account this morning we did not attack
them ; they attacked us.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have here General
Wright's report.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am speaking of the
newspaper account.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have here General
Wright's report. The Indians were not attack-
ing the surveying party at all. They were
attacking the fort, the military; but General
Wright sent out his escort, who had charge of
the surveying party, to help the soldiers at the
fort, and immediately thereafter a detachment
of the Indians came out and met our attacking
party, and in that way the fight commenced.
Mr. SHERMAN." How came that fort to
be located there ? Simply to protect a route
that had been marked out by an act of Con-
gress. If we were talkingaboutspecial demur-
rers we might say our laws did not authorize
them to go over this particular route; but our
laws, without exception or qualification or
reference to r.ny Indian treaty, authorized these
companies to go on the most direct, feasible,
and proper route for a railroad from such a
point to such a point; and there was no refer-
ence to any exception or any Indian treaty.
According to the treaty, we "had no right to
build a railroad except by way of the South
Pass, and then we must keep along the traveled
route, because that is the language of the
treaty; but we authorized the opening of these
wagon-roads and the building of railroads, and
our military men established forts in order to
protect the people building them and in order
to protect the people who were going to Mon-
tana and to Utah.
If you ask me who is wrong about this mat-
ter, 1 say that the white people are wrong in
one sense for invading the land of the Indians
and for violating the treaty stipulations made
with them but, on the other hand, I say that
it is the will of Providence that these races
must give way to the march of civilization; and
although always in these great movements
cruelty may be the result, yet in the end great
good comes to the human family. Although,
in my judgment, the Indians are hardly dealt
with, although we have violated our promises
to them, yet, whatever promises we make, we
cannot protect them from the inevitable destiny
by which they must disappear from the face of
the earth or be absorbed in the white popula-
tion of this country. If that is a cruel idea, it
is made cruel by the logic of events. It is a
part of that higher law which will not bo con-
trolled by the simple agencies of your statutes
or by any act of ordinary human beings.
1 say, therefore, our military officers were
not wrong in what they did here, because
they simply carried into execution the laws of
Congress. It would not do for General Pope
to stop and inquire and say that the Indian
treaty being anterior to and of superior force
to the law of Congress, therefore the Indian
tit-aly must be observed and not the law of
Congiess. We would not tolerate that for a
moment. These military officers must not
stop to inquire into the validity of a law. They
must obey their orders. They must leave the
law-making power to judge of the law and the
courts to construe it. They must execute the
orders that are given. Therefore when an
order is given to a military oflicer to protect a
particular line of travel, that includes the right
to build forts for the protection of that line of
travel and to use all the necessary aids and
agencies and means. It seems to me, there-
fore, that there is no ground for criticising
either the declarations or the acts of General
Pope in laying out and locating these forts and
in maintaining his authority there. What he
says is literally true, that the peace commis-
sioners have put in these treaties stipulations
that never have been and never will be com-
plied with. It is not the fault of the Army
officers: the fault is in making stipulations
or promises to the Indians when we have a
moral certainty that those stipulations cannot
and will not be performed. He goes on to say:
"The peace commissioners promise the Indian, in
the first place, that the whites shall not go into the
Indian country."
That is contained in all our treaty stipu-
lations.
"This is the first and most persistent demand of the
Indian, a demand readily conceded, but never exe-
cuted. Other provisions are inserted in the treaty
equally certain to remain unfulfilled, '1'he Indian
has lost all confidence in such promises, and only
makes a treaty to securc the money and supplies
which accompany it."
That is true.
"In this unscrupulous manner treaties are made
and violated on both sides, and in tins manner they
will continue to be made unless some change in our
Indian system is effected."
Is not that true ? I appeal to every Senator
who is familiar with the subject to know if it
is not true that we have ourselves violated these
treaties whenever they stood in our way. If a
little settlement of one hundred white people
on the top o*' the highest hills of the Rocky
mountains should call on us for aid and pro-
jection against the Indians, or if they should
discover gold in any valley of that vast region,
and our settlers from all parts of the country
should go there, I ask whether any Indian treaty
would stop or stay the current of emigration
thither? We know it would not. If the whole
Army of the United States stood in the way,
the wave of emigration would pass over it to
seek the valley where gold was to be found,
lliey never look at your Indian treaties and
do not care anything about them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then why should we
follow them up?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not see the use of
making these stipulations. What General Pope
says is true, that we have in an unscrupulous
manner made and violated our treaties, and
put in those treaties stipulations that we knew
could not and would not be observed. Why,
sir, I have here, I sent to the Library and got
the famous treaty of Grenviile, made by Gen-
eral Wayne I think in 180-3 or 1800, by which it
was stipulated with certain Indian tribes that a
large portion of the State of Ohio should for-
ever belong to the Indians, that they should be
divided by a geographical line from the white
people. How long was that treaty observed ?
Notoneycar ; and now the very region of coun-
try that was set aside for the Indian tribes in
Ohio contains over a million white people.
General W ayne, Mr. Jefferson who approved
the treaty,^ and all who took part in it simply
made a stipulation which they had no power
to perform, and 110 human agency, no human
power could have enabled them to carry out
the stipulations of that treaty.
I believe that if you should gather these
Indian tribes within the region of country
described in this bill the white people would
invade them. In the first place, I think you
give them land that they cannot occupy. They
cannot go upon the lands that are described
in the second section of the bill and make a
living. It is not a place where they could find
either their food or their clothing. The buf-
falo would never enter upon any portion of
that territory, because the buffalo always keeps
where the grass is good and where he can find
something to eat. 1 he land that you propose
to give to the northern reservation has been
known as the bad land of that country since
the French first crossed those Plains. When
you leave the valleys of the Plains, you reach
a high and arid region where there are no sum-
mer rains, where they cannot have irrigation,
and where the grass withers and parches, and
where neither an Indian nor a snail can live.
Therefore, I say, if you would carry literally
into effect the terms of this bill, you would
make a condition that it would be impossible
to perform, and, therefore, you would come
within the criticism of General Pope, every
word of whose declarations on this subject is
perfectly true.
My own opinion is that there is no solution
of our Indian troubles until we regard the
Indians as subjects of the United States, to be
dealt with kindly andhumanely, to bo fed where
necessary, to be clothed where necessary, to be
treated as a great Government should treat the
ward's of tlie Government until they are edu-
cated and able to support themselves. The
true way, in my judgment, would be to put
them on small reservations as a means of tuition
only; but the very moment the wave of settle-
ment comes to these reservations, let them be
absorbed in the general population, with the
right to vote, to hold office, and do whatever a
man can do. That is the only way in which
you can civilize them. There are Indians from
all the tribes that have livedin the United States
that are now respectable citizens of the United
Slates, and I can recall to mind men among
them who would be worthy to adorn fhis Cham-
ber, men of education and ability. The only
way, however, that you can educate the Indians
is first by inoculating them with all the vices
as well as all the virtues of Christian civiliza-
tion. In that process one half of them will
disappear, and the other half may possibly
make pretty good citizens of the United States.
But this thing of keeping them apart, sepa-
rated from the white population, as a caste to
be governed by the whites without any authority
here, without any political power, will always,
fail to succeed, and in the end will lead to war
and the extirpation of the Indian tribes.
I have said all I desire to say on this subject.
I shall vote for any measure that will put off
an Indian war. It is an inglorious contest—
one in which our Army certainly does not
desire to take any part. They can gain no rep-
utation by fighting with these Indians. Indeed,
the only way to fight with them is by assuming
their own weapons. It may seem hard for us
to burn villages, as General Hancock did, to
murder women and children ; but how are you
going to fight with savages? I wish that every
Senator here could travel over the Plains and
see the habits and character of these Indian
tribes._ I saw a part of the very band which
committed these massacres; that is, the old
men and the women and children. I noticed
that there were no males among them between
the ages of twenty and forty, or scarcely any.
The old chiefs were there, and they wonld talk
peace and smoke the pipe with you as often as
you chose, and the women and children would
beg of you, while their young men were on the
war path two or three hundred miles away.
How are you going to fight the Sioux band
of Indians; the band that destroyed Lieuten-
ant Fetterman with ninety-four men, entrapped
them in an ambuscade, and then killed every
man of them, mutilating their bodies, scalping
them, deforming them in the most odious and
revolting manner, until not a single person was
left to tell the tale ? How are you to deal with
those people? Wouldyou follow them? Why,
sir, you might as well follow the wind. On
their light ponies, armed with their native
weapon, the bow and arrow, with the expert-
ness of the Arab, yea, with more than the
expertness of any branch of the human family,
they scud over the Plains, and your infantry
and cavalry might as well' chase the wind.
You cannot fight them in that way. The only
way to fight the Indian is to go to his wigwam
where his women and children are left, cap-
ture them if you choose and hold them as
prisoners of war, or rather as I would do, I
