682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
populations must be absorbed. You cannot
give them any of these great paths by treaty
or 'otherwise and observe those obligations,
for the very reasons he has stated. They have
not been observed before; they will not be
hereafter.
I had but two purposes in rising. One was,
and I have already fulfilled that, to say amen
to what the Senator from Ohio has said, and
the other was, to add a little by way, as the
preachers sometimes say, of practical applica-
tion. [Laughter.] If it be true that the only
way of solving this Indian problem is to civilize
and absorb these populations—for certainly the
Senator from Ohio would admit that it is idle to
talk of absorption until some degree of civiliza-
tion has preceded it—if it be true that this is
the only way to solve this problem, what does
that policy dictate to us now?
Remember, Mr. President, and the Senate
will remember, that the pending question is
upon striking out the second section. What
is the second section? It is a proposition in-
structing this commission to select upon what
have been known from the time our first voy-
ageurs went over the country between the
Mississippi and the mountains as the bad
lands, and set apart another large area within
which all the Indians east of the Rocky mount-
ains and above the Platte river are to be con-
gregated, and you are to bind them by the
stipulations of a treaty to stay there, and you
are to bind our people by the stipulations of
the same treaty to keep off.
In the first place, I have to say that I believe
those Indians are too smart ever to make any
such treaty, and it is useless to send any com-
mission out there with any such instructions.
In the next place, it would be absolutely im-
possible to maintain such a treaty, and for two
reasons: that very territory selected there
fronts Iowa and Minnesota. It is in the path
of one column of western emigration that is
constantly going toward the mountains. It is
right in the path of what will soon be, I be-
lieve, the great route to Montana and the
country west, and you cannot keep the white
people out of it; but if you could, that is not
the great difficulty; you could not keep the
Indians upon it.
Why, Mr. President, we have already—that
is, if you subscribe as heartily to the theory of
the Senator from Ohio as I do—agreed that we
must commence now to civilize all these In-
dians, and the Sioux and the Cheyennes among
the others. What do you mean by civilization?
Teach them gradually to abandon the pursuits
of the chase as a means of living, and gradu-
ally to learn to obtain their living from the
soil. So, then, it is gravely proposed here,
with that policy in view, to take these wild
Indians_ of the Plains, who perhaps never saw
a hoe in their lives, and who certainly never
handled one, and turn them out on the bad
lands west of the Missouri as apprentices in
the way of agriculture. That is a poor place
for them. Take a New England neighborhood;
take a neighborhood in Maine, where I was
raised, and where they work twenty-six hours
a day [laughter] to get a living; take such a
population, so hardy, so resolute, so educated
to effort, put them out there, and they might
live. I would not insure them, but they
might live. But it is proposed here to instruct
this commission to make these stipulations
with a band of savage Indians, to put them up
there to learn the business of agriculture. No,
sir; put them up there and you would educate
them not in this branch of effort, but you
would perfect their education in the great busi-
ness of plundering and killing and starving.
Yes, sir; you propose by this second section of
the bill to instruct the commission to go out
there to collect these hostile tribes, and to ask
them, almost in so many words, what they will
take to go up there north of Nebraska and the
White Earth river, upon the bad lands, and
starve to death. That is the proposition that
by this second section this commission is in-
structed to go out there and make to them. I
would not send any such proposition.
I said yesterday, when I moved this amend-
ment, that I thought all these_ Indians should
be collected down here in what is known to-day
as the Indian Territory. The Senator from
Kansas says it cannot be done.
Mr. POMEROY. It cannot.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Kansas
repeats that it cannot be done. I have but
one reply to make to that, and that is to say it
can be done. Yes, I have another reply to
make, and that is, it ought to be done. I have
one more reply to make, and that is, it must be
done, or you never will have permanent peace.
Either they must be sent there or those who are
there must be sent somewhere else. Mr. Pres-
ident, you have-about fifty thousand or sixty
thousand Indians down there in that Indian
Territory. It is the most capable territory
there is in the country. There is a section and
a half of land to every man, woman, and child
there. Do you suppose that the American peo-
ple arc going to stand back and leave that large
quantity? There are not, probably, two acres
to a section of it under cultivation, and those
the easiest to cultivate, the most productive.
I %jjmit these estimates are rough, but there
are not probably two acres to a section under
cultivation. I know they own these lands by
the stipulations of our treaties, just as these
other Indians own their lands. You propose
to induce them to sell. Why do you not induce
these who are down there to sell also? You
know that it is for the interest of those men to
sell. You know the money we should pay
them for the land, properly expended, is worth
more to them than the land itself, unoccupied
as it is. Why not put these Indians there ?
But these are uncivilized, you say; these are
barbarous; these are savage; and those down
there are semi-civilized; there will be collis-
ions. Are the Indians down there more civ-
ilized than our white population on the fron-
tier are ? You have got to put them somewhere;
and there is danger of their being in contact
with somebody. Are you more careful to pre-
serve them from contact with those half-civil-
ized Indians than you are with our own popu-
lation? Will not your control over them be as
ample; will not your means of protection be as
adequate for these Indians already there as
they will be for our populations, put them
where you will ?
What, then, is the advantage of putting them
there? Why, there is land that hardly an In-
dian can help cultivating; and he cannot help
producing from it if he does cultivate. What-
ever you sow grows. There is the place to
learn the business of agriculture. There is the
place to commence the instriffction of these pop-
ulations. There are streams running through
it, I am told, swarming with fish. There is
sonic game left yet. This helps. Your annui-
ties must eke out their support.
Mr. President, it seems to me that the very
lessons tajiglit us so forcibly by the Senator
from Ohio this morning call upon us to con-
centrate our efforts at this time upon selecting
one reservation, and not a dozen. I have
thought this the best one, because I believed it
to be the most capable. If there is any other
anywhere else, I am just as willing- to take that;
but I think they had better all be got together.
Why cannot these Indians be moved down
there? Do you know how large that nation is
that we are fighting with? The Indian Bureau,
I believe, tell us that of tlje hostile Sioux bands
there are about seven thousand; of the hostile
Cheyennes among them there are about eight-
een hundred; and of the Cheyennes and Ara-
pahoes, who now belong down in this very
country under existing treaties, there are about
four thousand—altogether thirteen thousand
men, women, and children in these nations
with which we are at war, and in which we are
spending from one to two millions a week.
Some one asked me this morning if it was
proposed to board these Indians at a first-class
hotel. Well, I told him I had never heard that
the proposition was made by any one, but who-
ever made it was a statesman. [Laughter.]
You had better board them at tbe Fifth Avenue
Hotel or anywhere else than undertake to con-
trol them by the agency of war; build houses
of correction for them; do anything but fight.
Now you must fight of course] but I do
believe that, sent out with proper instructions,
the commission proposed in the first section
of this bill would effect an arrangement which
would not oilly postpone this fight, but prevent
it, remove the causes for it, make the Indians
feel as though at last their good was looked
after as well as our own. They can be made
to understand that they have no business to
lie in the way of the commerce that is already
pouring through their country. They can un-
derstand that as well as we can. They can be
made to understand how important it is to their
interests as well as our own that they should
get out of the way of if. Only let them see
that while we ask them to get out of the way
of it we are willing to make them compensa-
tion and take care of them elsewhere and I
believe they will go quietly. 1 was assured
while I was out in the West, by one of the
most experienced agents I think we have in
the service of the Government, that whatever
fair treaty you made with these Indians would
be obeyed implicitly by them; that an order
enforcing any treaty that was proper to be
made with the Indians, issuing from any of the
departments at Washington, would be promptly
obeyed. I believe it. Mr. President, I have
occupied more time than I intended.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, this dis-
cussion thus far has surely, so far as I am con-
cerned at least, thrown a good deal of light
upon the subject, and I am very glad indeed
that it has taken place. The subject is one
of great gravity, great, importance. Nobody
denies that. Wo ought to treat it as of that
character. There seems to be no doubt of the
fact that Indian hostilities exist upon our fron-
tier, and that they have eventuated in many
cases in scenes which humanity must deplore,
both in regard to the whites and in regard to
the Indians themselves. Our first object, as
men loving justice and anxious to maintain
our own self-respect, is to ascertain what are
the real causes of these hostilities and conten-
tions ; what are the real grounds of complaint,
if there be any on the part of the Indian
tribes, which have led them to take up arms,
and what wrongs may have been committed by
our own people toward the Indian tribes ; and
after having acquired this information it will
then he our duty, an indispensable duty, for us
to apply the remedy.
Now, sir, it appears from the statement of
the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and also from that of the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio, that whatever may
have been the conduct of the Indians, the
United States had committed wrongs upon
them. It appears that by our treaties with the
Indian tribes who are now acting in hostility
against us, we stipulated not to enter their ter-
ritories except in a certain way ; not to inter-
meddle with theirhunting-grounds, but to leave
them alone undisturbed, and that instead of
obeying this obligation on our part, even the
Congress itself has proceeded to enact laws
for the construction of railroads through the
Indian Territory and wagon-roads through the
Indian Territory in direct contravention, of the
terms of those treaties.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
will allow me to interrupt him ?
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator is
laboring under an entire misapprehension. I
know it has been asserted, and he is repeating
what has been asserted, but there is not the
slightest foundation for the assumption that
Congresshas done any such thing, eitheraulhor-
ized the construction of railways through this
country in violation of treaties, or authorized
the construction of wagon-roads. It is an
entire misapprehension of the whole thing. I
was on my feet spmo time ago to correct it, but
I did not get the opportunity. I will show the
Senate that it is an entire misapprehension.
Mr. HOWARD. Congress has certainly
