1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
683
authorized the construction of a wagon-road
leading to Montana, has it not ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, Not within five
hundred miles of the scene of the difficulty.
Mr. HOWARD. A road running through
the Indian country.
, MORRILL, of Maine. Not through
this Indian country, and not within five hundred
miles of it.
Mr. HOWARD. Through an Indian country
where we had no right to so ?
Mr. MORRILL. No, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. That is a question of fact
about which 1 am not as well informed as the
Senator from. Maine.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is an entire
misapprehension of the law and the stipulations
of the treaty, as I will show by and by.
Mr. HOWARD. I was about to say that if
it be the fact that Congress has authorized the
construction of railroads and wagon-roads
through the Indian country where we have no
right to go it is very much to be regretted.
Mr. RAMSE Y. _ Allow me to state to the
Senator from Michigan that we certainly passed
a law, I think two years ago, making an appro-
priation for a wagon-road up the Cheyenne
river, through the very country we now propose
to locate these Indians upon.
Sir. HOWARD. I would inquire of the
honorable Senator from Missouri, the chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs, whether
that be not the fact. Did not Congress by a
formal statute authorize the construction of a
wagon-road through a portion of the Indian
country where we had no right of passage by
treaty ?
Mr. HENDERSON. I believe so, but not
over this route.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not care what route
it was.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Not where this
difficulty has occurred ; that is the point.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will read the act of
March 3, 1865, the only act on that subject
which I have been able to find:
''That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby,authorized and empowered tosurrey, locate,
and construct the following wagon-roads"—
Note the fact that the authority is given to
the Secretary of the Interior, not to the Secre-
tary of War. The military authorities were not
empowered to locate any road anywhere ; but
the authority was given to the. Secretary of the
Interior, who has charge of the Indian depart-
ment—■
"First. A road from Niobrara to the mouth of tho
Turtle Hill river, and thence, upon the most direct
practicable route, to Virginia City, in Montana Ter-
ritory, with a branch from the mouth of Turtle Hill
river, or such other point as may be selected, to
Omaha.
" Second. A road from a point at or near the mouth
of the Big Sioux river, via Yaneton, Dakota Terri-
tory, to a point at, or nearthemouth of the Big Chey-
enne river: thence up said river to its main forks;
thence up the north fork to a point of intersection
with the road from Niobrara.
Third. For a road from a point on the western
boundary of Minnesota, to be determined by tho
Secretary of the Interior, to a point at or near the
mouth of the Big Cheyenne river.
"Fourth. A road from Virginia City, in Montana,
upon the most practicable route, to Lewiston, in
Idaho."
Then the law goes on to appropriate the
money to enable the Secretary of the Interior :
to construct these roads. !
Mr. HOWARD. I am very much obliged '
to the honorable Senator. Now, I will ask j
him whether these roads, or some of them, do ;
not pass through or are not contemplated as *
J'assing through the Indian country. I think1
every one of these roads is in that cateeorv.
Mr. HENDERSON. I of course am not :
perfectly familiar with the geography of the
country; but according to my understanding !
of the routes indicated here, neither one of j
them would have gone over the land of the |
Ogallallas and Brutes, belongiug to the Sioux '
tribe. Neither of those routes would have i
passed over their lands at all, the lands ad- j
mitted to belong to them bv the treatv of 1851. i
Mr. HOWARD. Well,'Mr. President, the j
Indian tribes cannot very well draw a distinc- !
tion between the authority of the Secretary
of the Interior and that of the Secretary of
War 
Mr. HENDERSON. That was not the
point. My point was that the war officers
undertook to do a duty for which they had no
authority, and which had never been conferred
on them at all. In fact, a route was opened
where there was no authority even for the Sec-
retary of the Interior to open it; and in con-
sequence of this act the war came.
Mr. HOWARD. Then the ground of com-
plaint on the part of the Indians is this, I
suppose: that the authority of the United States
has been used in establishing roads through
Indian territory where the United States had
no right to penetrate. That is one ground, is
it not? And further, that the United States,
through some of its officers, has been building
forts within the Indian Territory where the
United States had no right to establish forts.
That I understand to be the great ground for
complaint. Well, sir, I do not suppose the
Indian tribes are very careful to look into the
question whether the Secretary of War or the
military authorities are authorized by of
Congress to do these various things of which
they complain. It is not natural they should
do so. It is sufficient for them to know that
the Government of the United States, through
some of its functionaries, is encroaching upon
its possessions. That is the point.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will reply to my friend
from Michigan that the authority was exercised
to a certain extent without the consent of the
Indians. We attempted to open the road; that
was the beginning of this trouble.
Mr. HOWARD. That was the causa belli.
Weil, sir, if our authorities have been guilty j
of any of these derelictions, and especially if j
the Congress of the United States have passed j
acts authorizing trespasses of this description j
to be committed upon the Indian Territory, it I
is high time that we correct the evil, and that '
we correct our own wrongs, before we make
any particular complaints against the Indians.
Mr. HENDERSON. Now, in order to
shorten this matter, will my friend from Mich-
igan permit me to state the facts ?
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly. I am anxious
to get all the light I can upon the subject.
Mr. HENDERSON. There are various
tribes on the road to Montana. The Sioux
Indians consist of a large number of different
tribes. It is a nation : there are a large number
of them, some thirty or thirty-live thousand in
all. There are different tribes. The Ogallalla
and Brule bands are the most numerous and
the most warlike in this confederacy of tribes,
and, as I understand, are the rulers, the con-
trollers; perhaps they have as much influence
as Austria and Prussia formerly had in the
German Confederation over the other German
States. Then there are the Minniconjons,
the Lower Bruits, the Two Kettles, the Black-
feet Sioux, the Yanctonnais Sioux, and the ij
Ogallallasof the Missouri river up about Foit ['
Sully or Fort Rice. There are some twelve
or thirteen different tribes ; and we have treaty jj
stipulations with some of ihose other tribes". |l
Our treaty stipulations with the Ogallalla and i;
Brulij tribes expired in 1806, as 1 explained |j
yesterday, leaving, though, the treaty made in
18i56, which the Senate has never confirmed, |'
There was a treaty made, but they say not with jj
their leading men, and they object to its ratifi- Ij
cation, and say it docs not conform to their !',
wishes. By that treaty we undertook to get a !!
route across this country : but the leading i
members of the tribe objecting to it. it has ,
never been ratified by the Senate : it has never !■
been acted on, and has never become a law. ji
Some of the other tribes 1 have named have ti
treaty stipulations with the United States, and
those treaty stipulations permit the Secretary
of the Interior to build roads provided we pay
the Indians just as we would pay any citizens
of the United States for damages in crossing
their lands. It requires a stipulation with
them, and the. Senator will by examining the
treaties discover that this is (he fact.
Mr. HOWARD. Have they been paid at all
for those lands?
Mr. HENDERSON. The objection would
have been made by these interior Indian tribes
to the Secretary of War opening a road across
their lands, becausenopayment was to be made
under such an arrangement as that. The
Brule and Ogallalla bands object for two rea-
sons: first, that neither the Secretary of the
Interior nor the Secretary of War had a right
to ran any road there at all; and in the next
place, if the Secretary of War did open it, there
could be no payment made to them, and there
was no proposition to pay them a dollar; hence
it was that Congress had a right, as I conceive,
to pass the law referred to by the Senator from
Ohio ; and therein he commits an error. He
says that if we pass laws authorizing officers
to commit trespasses we ought to stand by the
officers. We never authorized the war officers
to open any road at all; we authorized the
Secretary of the Interior, but we had treaty
stipulations with those tribes over whose lands
we proposed to authorize the Secretary to open
roads by which the Secretary was bound to
pay them when he did open the roads.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not as perfect a
knowledge as 1 like to have when I speak to
the Senate about a matter of fact; but I know
that the Secretary of the Interior to some
extent did execute this law by marking out the
route, defining its course; and the first diffi-
culty with the Indians grew outof what is called
the Niobrara route. The first controversy
between the Sioux bands and our own people
grew out of the attempt by the Secretary of
the Interior under this law to open up that
j road. The military authorities, as a matter of
course, had to protect the people. They aid
• not open the road, but when our people were
j doing what the law authorized them to do, of
! course the military were called upon to sup-
' press the trouble which grew out of the open-
ing of the Niobrara road, which, 1 believe, is
through the very line of country occupied by
the Sioux.
Mr. HENDERSON. Notbythosebandsof
Sioux.
Mr. HOWARD. Well, Mr. President, there
appears to be a cloudy state of facts here: an
embroglio, which I do not pretend to under-
stand ; a sort of Gordian knot, which some are
anxious to cut with the sword and some are
anxious to untie honorably and skillfully. For
the present I am in favor of endeavoring to
untie the knot without cutting it, and if the
United States, through the Secretary of the
Interior, the Secretary of War, or any other
of its functionaries, has committed a wrong
upon the Indians, it is our duty, and ought to
be our pride, to ha^en to its correction ; and
as a preliminary step to that correction, to
make an inquiry of the Indians themselves and
ascertain what are the real grounds of their
complaints. Let us, therefore, send a commis-
sion and confer honestly and peacably with the
chiefs and head men of those tribes, with a
view to ascertain the grounds of their com-
plaints. I guaranty, if we will send a com-
mission of honorable men among them and
hear their complaints and listen to what they
have to say and to confer with them as friends,
hostilities will cease and we shall thereafter
have an opportunity to settle this matter in the
best possible way. For the present at least,
let us, if possible, abstain from rushing into
a general war with these tribes, which may pos-
sibly result in their utter extermination, and
which may possibly leave us. after all, in the
wrong; and I do not wish to occupy that posi-
tion. Let us confer with them, let us meej,
them : let us have an Indian talk with them
and ascertain what they have to say ; and then
if there are any real grievances of which they
have ground to complain as against us let us
hasten to remove that by legislation. I am.
therefore, in favor of the enactment of the
first section of the bill appointing a commis-
sion. I do not care whether it is appointed bv
Congress or whether it is turned over to the
Executive to appoint the commission. My
