684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
great object is to have a conference with the
Indians, a friendly interview and a friendly
understanding, so that both parties may know
clearly what each one complains of. I think
that would put an end to the war for the
present.
We know very well, Mr. President, how it is
with Indian tribes. When an insult or an injury
is done to a single member of an Indian tribe,
although it may be done by a humble private
individual citizen of the United States, the tribe
itself deems it a duty to take up the cause of
the injured Indian and avenge it by a regular
Indian movement. These difficulties sometimes,
as we know perfectly well, result in theslaughter
of men, women, and children. I desire to avoid
all that. I prefer to confer with the Indians
and ascertain if possible whether we can settle
this thing peacefully.
I shall vote also for the motion of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, to strike out the second
section of the bill. That second section con-
templates the ultimate establishment of a large
portion of the tribes now subsisting between
the Rocky mountains and the Missouri on a
tract of country lying north of Nebraska. I do
not think the people concerned in this project
will be very well content with it. I do not be-
lieve that those portions of the United States
which are immediately interested in the busi-
ness of emigration and settlement in the far-off
West will be well content that so large & tract
of country north of Nebraska as is contem-
plated by this section shall be thus set apart
for the permanent home of the Indians. About
how much is it likely that this reservation will
occupy? Let us look at it.
In 1836, when General Jackson established
the Cherokees and the Chickasaws and the
Seminoles west of the Mississippi upon what
is known as the Indian country there, there j
was a grant made by the United States-to those '
several tribes in fee-simple ; the extent of that
grant could not be much less, if at all less,
than the superficial contents of the State of !
Arkansas, which lies on its east. It is about ;
the size of the State of Kansas. If you look
upon the map you will discover it. It is now
proposed to establish Indian tribes upon the
north of Nebraska very much in the same way,
and the tract of country that will necessarily
be occupied if this project shall be carried out
will not be much less in extent than the pres-
ent State of Kansas. It will necessarily extend
far up northwardly toward the national bound-
ary line. It may, and probably will, extend
north of the forty-fifth degree of north latitude.
If you will look on your maps you will dis-
cover this.
Now, sir, we have granted, as I observed ■
yesterday, to the Northern Pacific Railroad !
Company the right of way through all the ter-
ritory ot the United States upon any route
which the company may select north of the
forty-fifth degree of north latitude, and it is
by no means impossible that it will turn out
that this immense reservation in favor of those
Indian tribes who are to be huddled together
upon it will actually embrace the route of that
road. Our faith is already pledged to that
road to pass at aiy point the company may
select north of latitude forty-five ; and I have
no idea of encroaching upon the rights of the
company. It is our duty, of course, as every
Senator knows, to preserve the privileges of
that company as ot all other companies intact
and inviolate. I do not suppose it is in the
contemplation of the honorable Senator from
Maine to disturb their rights and privileges.
I take it not; I hope not; but he will see at
once if he glances at the map that this may be
one of the results of this immense reservation.
If the section is not stricken out, I shall offer
an amendment so drawn as to protect and pre-
serve the rights of that company.
But, sir, i am opposed entirely to this attempt
to establish the Indian tribes in that region of
country. I do not believe in it at all. I do
not believe in its practicability. The Indians
are a roving race. You will find it utterly
impossible, by any course of education or teach-
ing or preaching, or by whatever means you
may see fit to employ, to reconcile the wild
Indians such as these tribes are to the business
of agriculture or to the habits of civilized lite.
That experiment has been going on for the
last two hundred years and more. It com-
menced with the very discovery of this country,
and good men, philanthropists, Christians, mis-
sionaries of every denomination, have had the
subject very much at heart, and have expended
millions of dollars from the days that Elliot
first commenced the attempt in Massachusetts
down to the present time ; and what is the
present result of all these humane and philan-
thropic efforts to civilize and Christianize the
Indian? Sir, the net result of the whole is
hardly worth speaking about. From some
fatality or other, no matter what, it is perfectly
apparent that the North American Indian can-
not be civilized, cannot be Christianized. The
most effectual attempt in this line that ever
was made was undoubtedly that of the Jesuits,
who commenced and carried on the settlement
of Canada. No enterprise of a philanthropic
or religious character was ever prosecuted with
as apeh zeal, perseverance, and self-sacrifice
as was that of the Jesuits to Christianize the
North American Indians, and what is the result
to-day? You will find, if you go along the
line of the lakes and visit the occasional Indian
settlements in that vast region of country, here
and there a small settlement of Indians who
make a profession of the Roman Catholic
religion ; but they are few, they are still igno-
rant, very few of them depend at all upon
agriculture or the habits of civilized life.
If, therefore, it be the purpose of the Senator
from Maine or of any others to accomplish the
civilization or Christianization of these Indian
tribes by locating them on that region of coun-
try north of Nebraska, I have to say that in
my humble opinion the attempt is entirely
fruitless and will turn out so to be, whatever
may be the amount of effort exerted in that
direction.
Besides, sir, within S,he limits of this con-
templated reservation will be, so to speak,
herded together a great many thousands of
Indians, composing a great many Indian tribes,
many of them hostile to each other, having
held hatreds, incompatible in their habits and
tastes and in their feelings; and I guaranty
if this project shall be carried out that there
will be more destructive Indian wars within
these limits than have ever taken place among
the tribes who are running at large over the
Plains, and those difficulties cannot fail to
embroil the white population in the same wars
and in the same contentions ; so that, instead
of having peace by the establishment of this
reservation, you will have protracted wars, con-
stantly occurring wars, and in the end you will
be compelled, not only by the very necessities
of the Indians themselves, but by the irresisti-
ble pressure of the white population from with-
out, to remove them to some other locality, to
take them away and lay hold of their lands you
have thus reserved and sell them to the settler
who is pressing onward into the West. That
will be the result; and that will in a few years
be the result in regard to the southern Indian
reservation, known as the Indian district west
of Arkansas.
Itisin my judgment absolutely vain to make
these attempts to reduce the Indian to civiliza-
tion or to habits of agriculture. We may
regret it, we may mourn over it j wo may sor-
row over the impracticability of the thing ; but
still there stands the everlasting fact proved to
us by an experience of two and a half cen-
turies that the North American Indian cannot
be civilized, cannot be Christianized. We can
then deal with him in such manner as shall
best protect his rights and prolong his exist-
ence upon the face of the earth. He must
yield before the advance of the white men.
He cannot throw himself across the path of
progress. It is in the very nature of things
that barbarism, which is but another name for
feebleness and dependence, must yield before <
the firm tread ol the white man, carrying for-
ward, as he always will, the flag and the insti-
tutions of civilization.
Let us, therefore, commence our reforms in
our Indian affairs by endeavoring to ascertain
tho wrongs which exist, by hearing the com-
plaint of the Indian, by doing justice to him,
and not launching out upon any experiment
which in the end may make a bad matter worse.
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President, it seems to
me that one great difficulty in considering this
question in the Senate arises from the fact that
we assume an obligation which is not forced
upon us at all, to settle the whole Indian prob-
lem, that has been a very vexatious one from
the beginning of_the Government, and is likely
to continue as lo'ng as an Indian remains upon
the continent. I think we had better defer the
settlement of that great question until an occa-
sion when we shall have more time for delib-
eration than we have now. At present an
Indian war is on our hands; the construction
of railroads to the Pacific is interrupted; the
travel across the continent is interrupted on a
particular line, but nowhere else. There is
no trouble elsewhere among the fifty or sixty
tribes of Indians on the continent. The war
is confined to the Sioux Indians, the Chey-
ennes, and the Arapahoes, the warlike Indians,
as has been said by the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, probably not exceeding from seven to ten
thousand. Why then thus hastily, within an
hour or two of our adjournment, should we
assume to settle this whole, great, vexed In-
dian question? There is no necessity for it.
Confine your commissioners to treating with
the Indians you are at war with; go no further
than that. They are very few. Arrange with
them if you can. Let the commissioners ascer-
tain where a proper reservation can be had for
them, and indicate to them that if the Senate
approves of what may be done they may be
located on it. That, is all you need at present,
and reserve the consideration of the great
question for the regular session in the winter,
when you will have more time to deliberate
on it.
But, sir, if the Senate were disposed to go
into the question so broadly, I doubt very
much whether the best men have been selected
for this commission. I recognize here tho
names of men who are familiar with the Indian
character, men who are in every way fit to be
on this commission. Among them is my own
constituent, General John B. Sanborn. Long
acquaintance with the Indians has made him
eminently fit for such a position. So with Mr.
Bent, Kit Carson, and others. But as to some
of the generals named, able, patriotic, and
gallant men as they are, I doubt whether they
have that familiarity with Indian affairs which
would justify us in putting in their charge
the selection of reservations, for that is all
that is wanted, on which to place the hostile
Indians. I think we should confine ourselves
to that at this time, and next winter take up
and deliberately consider.a bill having for its
scope and purpose the settlement of the whole
Indian problem. There are now only fifteen
thousand Indians to be provided for, warriors,
squaws and papooses. A comparatively small
reservation will answer the purpose. Why
should we now arrange about the Blackfeet
and the Assiniboines and the Crow Indians,
and all tho others that are not at war with us?
Why should you want to find a reservation for
them? Why provide for them in this bill?
By the way, the bill is not consistent with itself.
_ The first section provides that the commis-
sioners shall have power and authority to call
together tbe chiefs and head men of such tribes
and^ bands of Indians as are now waging war
against the United States. That, I have no
doubt, was the chief purpose of the committee
in the introduction of the bill, and it is very
proper ; but the second section goes further
than that, and it requires the commission to
select a reservation upon the rivers named,
west of the Missouri and north of the Platte,
in which there shall be "a sufficient quantity
of tillable land to enable the said tribes to sup-
port themselves by labor;" and tho territory
