1867.
THE , CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
685
when selected and the selection approved by
Congress, is to^remain a permanent homo for
the Indians. This reservation is-to receive all
the Indian tribes now occupying territory-ea£fc'
of the Rocky mountains. That isa largerbusi-
ness than presses upon us at this time. Why
should wo now trouble ourselves about the
Indians that are peaceable? This section
includes, as I said before, the Grows, the
Assiniboines, and the Blackfeet, who are not
at war with us at all. who &re at home and are
provided for. We are by this bill assuming a
task that is not imposed upon us, that is entirely
gratuitous.
Then, although we contemplate in the first
instance treating only with hostile Indians, you
go on and provide a reservation for Indians
who are not at all hostile and who are far away
from where this trouble is. The fourth section
goes still further and authorizes the comrnis-
sioueis—
With a view to the ultimate concentration of all
tho Indians named in sections two and thiee of this
act on the reservations selected, are authorized to
make such treaties with tribes now at peace with the
United States as will tend to facilitate that object or
remove obstructions from the lines of travel afore-
said.
It seems to me we ought to confine ourselves
at this time to what is the object of the com-
mittee so far as it is portrayed in the first sec-
tion, and there we ought to stop ; confine our
action to the appointment of a commission to
make arrangements with the hostile Indians,
and recommend to the Senate some proper
reservation for the location of these hostile
Indians : and whatever other action is required
in regard to Indian affairs should be deferred
until the next session.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I ^approve
heartily of the suggestions made by the Senator
from Minnesota, and before I had the pleasure
of hearing his remarks I-had prepared an
amendment, which is in strict harmony with
the views he has presented ; and as it is now in
order, I believe, I will offer it. The proposi-
tion being to strike out the second section, I
propose to amend the matter before it is stricken
out by striking out all after the word " that"
in the second section and inserting:
Said commissioners arc required to examine and
select districts of country lying north of the State
of Nebraska and west of tlie Missouii_ river, uf suf-
ficient area to receive all the Indian tribes now occu-
pying territory cast of the liocky mountains and
north of that river and the State of Iowa, not now
peacefully residing on permanent reservations under
treaty stipulations, in which district there shall be
sufficient tillable and grazing land to enable said
tribes respectively to support themselves by agricul-
ture and pastoral pursuits in said districts. Said
districts, when so selected and the selections ap-
proved by Congress, shall be and remain permanent
homes for the said Indians to be located thereon, and
no person, not members of said tribes, shall ever bo
permitted to enter thereon without the permission
of the tribe interested, except officers ana employes
of the United,States: Provided, that said districts
shall be so located as not to interfere with the trav-
eled highways located by authority of the United
States, andtheprobablerouteof the Northern Pacific
railroad.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not rise to
enter into the debate at any length, but to
notice some few points which have been stated
in the course of it, and to state the only object
which I had in this bill and notice some of the
objections which have been made to it.
Mr. President, it seems to me that the case
before us, upon the statements and views
presented by Senators, is one of first impres-
sion, as the lawyers say, and I will say in some
respects of novel impression. The honorable
Senator fumi Michigan [Mr. Howard] sits
clown with the solemn asseveration that accord-
ing to the history of the Indian tribes in this
country it is a settled fact that they cannot be
civilized; that they are not subject to civiliza-
tion; that if they are members of the human
family they are not susceptible to the influences
to which tho human race generally yield ; and
from his stand-point they are to be considered
as inexorably, wholly intractable and subject
to some supposed fatality; and he seems to
contemplate it, 1 do not say with any degree
of equanimity and satisfaction, but as a thing
settled that t'hey are to become extinct; and
of course the American people are expected
to act upon that solemn asseveration. That is
to be the fundamental idea upon which we are
to inaugurate a policy with regard to the
Indians. He says two hundred years of Amer-
ican history verify that statement.
1 hope that is not so, and I am the last man
on earth to believe it is so. At any rate I hope
I shall never come to that conclusion. Nor do
I believe that American history discloses any
such fact. Sir, there- are civilized Indians in
this country. Does the Senator know that ?
There are many civilized Indians. In spite of
the merciless and faithless policy of this Gov-
ernment there are civilized Indians, and there
are many of them, and there are enough to
repel this assumption of the honorable Senator
and to vindicate their race to a place in the
scale of humanity, and show that they are the
children of a common father; that they belong
to human kind, that they are susceptible to its
emotions, that they may be influenced by the
considerations which influence other human
beings. The history of American civilization
shows uo such thing as the honorable Senator
suptioscs, and I am sorry that the utterance
has come from him.
Sir, I have been accustomed to hea^ in the
last twenty years this same assumption in re-
gard to another race, that not only American
history hud taught that the negro wi^s not capa-
ble of civilization, was inferior, was not a man,
was not entitled to our consideration, and that
three thousand years of the world's history had
proved it. Who believes it? Has not the
negro in the last six years shown that that was
a libel on his race? Have we not stood here
to verify it by our legislation, and have we
not placed him now on the common scale of
humanity by our laws ? And that Senator has
contributed as much perhaps as any other man
in that, direction, and now "he turns upon the
poor Indian, and tells you that the great Amer-
ican nation, which could put down gigantic
rebellion and civil war, which could emanci-
pate a race and enfranchise it and elevate it
to the plane of a common humanity, and
declare that it had absolute rights which should
be respected and protected. He tells you that
a nation which could do all that and defy the
world in arms cannot protect three hundred
thousand red men from the fate which he insists
is inexorable and tends to their extinction ! I
deny it utterly.
I do not propose to legislate on any such
theory, on any such assumption. The Indian
is a man, and he is entitled to protection, and
I never will consent to legislate on any other
theory than tha't. He is susceptible of civili-
zation I do not doubt. His history shows it.
His race has vindicated itself amid perils and
difficulties that have surrounded him ever
since the dawn of civilization on this conti-
nent. We declare here now that wo want
an adequate portion of land on this conti-
nent, over which he roamed, and which, under
God, in some sense belonged to him. and to
which our fathers said he had at least the right
of possession. In the bloody days of the
Revolution, in the struggle for national inde-
pendence they called him brother, and asked
liiin to coine to their side and vindicate our
right to this continent as an inheritaxice to him
and to us. Now, sir, when we have stripped
him of his possessions, taken away his hunt-
ing grounds, and the graves of his fathers, and
driven him on.either side to the^ center of the
continent to which our population is rapidly
tending, the honorable Senator from Michigan
savs he will raise his "feeble voice'' against
any attempt to secure to him a foot of ground
on"which lie shall stand and say it is his own.
Well, sir, I meet him on that, and say that he
is entitled to a portion of the continent, once
his own, adequate to his necessities; and I
take up the refrain of the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, so often repeated here
and elsewhere, that tho only salvation for the
negro whom you have enfranchised is land to
stand on ; and I say the only hope for the
Indian is that he shall have a piece of land on
which he shall stand, and the "border" shall
not prevail against him; the nation shall stand
behind him, and when population advances,
shall guide it and guard it, and protect him
against its invasion.
That is my doctrine, and that is the doctrine
of the committee. Let this commission go
anywhere within the limits of this continent,
select a suitable patch of land anywhere for
the Indian, where they shall say as a human
being he can subsist by honest industry upos
the supposition I agree that he is to turn his
attention to the arts of civilization ; and let it
be his. That is all the committee propose.
Then, sir, we are met with other objections.
This is only one of the difficulties which are
supposed to be inherent in the subject. I need
not say that this doctrine looks to the extinc-
tion of the Indian. The honorable Senator
says he laments it. May we not be told that
one of his humane views must lament such a
conclusion as that. He laments it but he
sees no escape from it. It looks, and he does
not disguise the fact, to the utter extinction of
the entire race, and he thinks it is only a ques-
tion of time. You move him to one reserva-
tion to-day, to be removed from that to-mor-
row at the point of the bayonet. Thus far in
our career we have communicated to the In-
dian nothing but our vices, and the worst of
them. That is the condition of the Indian to-
day ; and Senators rise here and excuse them-
selves from applying a radical remedy by the
declaration that he is a barbarian and an out-
law ; -Tie is a vagabond on the earth ; he hath
no abiding place ; it is fated that he is to be
doomed to utter extinction !
My honorable friend from Ohio not now in
his seat, [Mr. Sherman',] said a good many
things with which I agree ; but he said a good
many other thing1? to which I dissent. To the
sentiments of this honorable Senator, I have
very little to reply ; I sympathize with very
much that he said ; but to the policy which he
proposes, I am utterly opposed, as inadequate
in the first place to meet the case; and in the
second, utterly impracticable. Whatisit? He
says the Indians must be absorbed. He did
not explain what he meant by absorption; but
the inferences from what he did say are clear
enough ; it means extinction. They are cor-
relative terms on his argument. How are they
to be absorbed? By what communities ab-
sorbed ? Have they not been ejected from every
civil and political community organized? From
all the old States? Is not the great struggle
here to-day, by every State that we have re-
cently organized, to eject them? What is the
voice of Kansas? They cannot live in Kansas.
The Indians there are civilized, many of them ;
many of them own farms, cultivate lands; but
they cannot live there.
Mr. POMEROY. We have no quarrel with
the Indians who live in my State, no trouble
with them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No quarrel at
all! The records of the Senate show what the
policy of Kansas is. It is to eject all these
Indian tribes, upon the idea that their existence
is incompatible with that of the State, with
that high civilization of which we boasti That
is the fact. 1 am not complaining of it. Tho
Senator ought not to feel that I am criticising
hia State offensively. I am only stating ths
fact.
Mr. POMEROY. I only wish to say that
the reservations in my State are always peace-
able and quiet. We have no fighting.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, Undoubtedly.
Mr. POMEROY. The tribes themselves ask
to be removed and to go elsewhere.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly they
ask to be removed, and so they have been ask-
ing ever since the Pilgrim Fathers lauded, to be
removed out of our way to some inch of ground
on this continent to which they could go and
be secure in their mode of life. Does the Sen-
ator from Kansas mean to say that the civili-
zation of Kansas has nothing to do with the
making it so uncomfortable to live in Kansas
that it is better for them to remove? Ho will
