686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
not say that. There is the same state of things
in Kansas, the same irrepressible conflict that
has been enacted in all the States. The Indian
has no absolute rights conceded to him. The
high morality and civilization of this nation
have not in the past guarantied to him any
rights of person or property, do not to-day,
and I fear you will not get an expression of
this Senate to-day or at any other time that
it is possible for the savage to be protected in
any absolute right whatever, either of person
or property. He has no rights, the Seriate has
said over and over again by its policy, which
the American nation can respect^ By virtue
of its necessities, by virtue of that great law
of manifest destiny under which we are devel-
oping our institutions, he cannot have protec-
tion. We want his possessions; the presence
of the Indian is incompatible with our civili-
zation ; he is a savage, he is a Barbarian, which
the honorable Senator from Michigan explains
to be weakness, aud therefore he is to be trod-
den under foot of men ! Sir, I protest against
all that sort of legislation. '
Mr. President, this idea of absorption is a
delusion and a snare. What community will
absorb him ? Will you leave him to those
populations that are forming on the border?
They will absorb him with a vengeance. They
are absorbing him. They are communicating
to him the worst vices that afflict the human
race, and lie is perishing from the fatal contact
of our population. Everybody knows that.
What community, then, will absorb him and
take to its bosom the remnant of these tribes?
Will N ew York take those whom she expelled ?
Not a bit of it. Will Indiana, will Illinois, will
any State take them? Not one. They have
gone froui those communities toward the sun-
set, aud gone forever.
So, Mr. President, I deprecate this idea of
absorption as a delusion. I agree that it would
have been beneficent, and eminently lit and
wise in the beginning; but you have gone too
far for that now. You have expelled tlieui from
every political and civil community, excepting
those only 011 the extreme border; aud you
have measures now before the Senate, to which
I am not permitted to allude in detail, which
contemplate excluding them from the remain-
der of those communities. Then, sir, there is
nothing left of this question of absorption.
They cannot be taken back into those organ-
ized communities. Nobody expects to take
them. How, then, are they to be absorbed?
The honorable Senator from Ohio did not
explain; but there is only one way possible,
and that is, that the advancing current of popu-
lation, as it reaches the Territories, is to har-
monize with these Indians, indoctrinate them
with the principles of our civilization, imbue
them with the sentiments of Christianity, incul-
cate in them the loftiest conceptions of our
institutions, a love of letters and the arts of
civilized life, and so absorb and assimilate
them. Is anybody childish enough to indulge
in such speculations? Does the spirit of the
border justify us in any such conclusion as
that? Is the spirit of the border eminently
Christian, emmently forbearing, eminently lov-
ing, and eminently kind to the Indian? Not a
bit of it. The sentiment is, "he is a savage ;
he is u barbarian; a bounty on his head ; is
his presence compatible with our rights?"
That is the spirit of the border. Nobody will
deny that. And that spirit is to absorb him !
I have already said what that means; it means
extinction. Absorption is the Indian's scalp
for a bounty. Now I ask Senators if they are
willing to vote for that absorption? If so, the
theory of the honorable Senator from Ohio is
to be adopted.
But, mark you, how guarded he is. He goes
for this thing as a temporary expedient. He
absorbs them only for a temporary expedient.
He evidently looks to that sunset to which they
are being driven, and beyond which there is
nothing left of the race. Then there is the
theory of my honorable friend from Michigan,
who believes that we must contemplate with as
much serenity as it is practicable for an Amer-
ican Senator to observe, the utter extinction
of the race, yielding to a fate which heassumes
is theirs, contemplate their doom, though he
does not say he would hasten it. I waited
anxiously to see if I could not gather from
something he did say that he would do any-
thing to avert it.
These are the theories on which this bill is
resisted; these are the theories on which now,-
as in the past, and I fear in the future, all legis-
lation looking to establishing the Indian on any
square foot of ground on this continent, and
seeing that it is his, and shall be to him and
his children, and he shall be protected in it
and in his person, will be rendered abortive.
I say so, Mr. President, because I look at
this question in a practical way, in some sense.
I have not shut my eyes to what I see around us.
The Senator from Michigan says one thing
is clear; amid all this doubt and diversity of
opinion and sentiment, speculation, and belief,
one thing is clear: there is conflict 011 the
border. Well, that is pretty clear ; and I be-
lieve another honorable Senator from Min-
nesota has declared to us that there is war on
the border. In some sense there is war, but
in the sense which I look at it not war—con-
flict, not war. It does not come up to the
dignity of war. It lacks the necessary parties
to make it tolerable war even.
Now, sir, one thing that fills me with de-
spair is the spirit in which the constituted
authorities of this Government treat this ques-
tion. It is undoubtedly true that our arms are
turned against certain bands of the savages at
this time on the frontier. Why? Because they
have gone to war with us? Nobody pretends
it. It would be mockery to say so. Has any
Indian nation with which we have a treaty, or
any band with which we have a treaty, proved
faithless to that treaty and gone to war? No-
body asserts it and nobody believes it. Have
they committed aggressions in the first place
011 us, either 011 our overland travel or 011 our
railroad enterprises? Not a bit of it. The
records of the Senate flatly contradict the idea
of aggression on their part. If there is con-
flict we are the aggressors before the nation
and before the civilized world. If there is
conflict we induced it; if there is war we made
it. That is the condition of tilings, and 110
mail will gainsay it.
Well, sir, how did conflict come about? My
honorable friend from Missouri yesterday told
you better than I can how it happened ; but I
am dealing with the question of the method of
conducting the affairs of the border by the
military, and do not caro to be diverted from it
just at this moment. General*Pope, in com-
mand of this region of country, took it upon
himself to explain in January last to the Gen-
eral of the Army the difficulties under which
he found himself; and what is his account of
them ? He says :
"A reference to my communications on this subject
for the past twelve months will exhibit the fact that
1 repeatedly warned the Government that- the In-
dian war now upon us was inevitable, and that no
rehanco whatever could be placed upon treaties of
peace such as had been negotiated."
Here you have the subject-matter brought
distinctly to the attention of the General and
of the nation, that there were Indian hostili-
ties, that there was conflict in this region of
country, and that it was inevitable, as lie says,
from the manner in which our treaties had
been negotiated. Who was at fault? He
says:
" The peace commissioners promise the Indian, in
the first place, that the whites shall not go into the
Indian country, knowin<jwcll that it is impossible
to fulfill such a promise."
Who knows that? Who is authorized to say
that for the American people ? Who is author-
ized to give us the bad eminence before the
civilized nations of the earth that wc send out
commissioners to make treaties with the In-
dians, and the Senate ratifies the treaties, and
before the American people we knowingly vio-
late them, we know when we make the treaties
we will violate them, and we do not intend to
keep faith with the Indians; neither the peace
commissioners nor Congress intend to kee_p faith
with them ? I should like to know who author-
ized General Pope to make that criticism either
upon Congress, the peace commissioners, or
the American people. If 1 wero to charac-
terize it,! I should do so in language that Gen-
eral Pope might think offensive. I am sure J
cannot brand it as I feel without making liiir,
sensible that he had committed a very great ami
grave offense against the American people and
the constituted authorities when he uttered such
an assumption.
We make treaties, and a major general of
the Army of the United States tells his com-
manding general and the American people that
we do not intend to keep them, for that is the
upshot of it. We do not intend to keep them;
we knew we would not keep them when we
made them; and therefore he believes himself
the instrument in the hands of a perfidious
people to outrage the rights of these Indians,
and this is his justification. Yes, he does not
deny that he has outraged the rights of these
people; he does not deny that he has made
war upon them and violated the stipulations of
a solemn treaty. He admits it; and what is
his plea?
Why, the treaty was not made to be kept;
everybody knows it was not made to be kept;
the peace commissioners did not mean to keep
it when they made it, and the Senate did not
mean to keep it when they ratified it. That is
the doctrine, and that is the language of a
major general of the Army to his General-in-
Ohief, and he has not been cashiered; nay,
sir, ho has not been reprimanded in orders,
that I have heard of. \V liy can you not keep
it, General Pope? It was not made to be
kept. Well why was it not made to be kept?
He says everybody knows you cannot keep
such a treaty. Why not? Such is the rapacity
of the American people, such is the spirit of
the border, such is the character of that course
of empire which is making its way over the
continent, that it crushes everything that stands
in its way, irrespective of the laws of God and
man. That is represented to be American
civilization, the Christian civilization of the
nineteenth century. We have concentrated an
inexorable force 011 the border, growing out of
our civilization, which has become our mas-
ter ; not only master of the savage, but the
master of the Government as well; and your
major general tells you so. He virtually says,
"I am not obeying orders; I am obeying the
manifest destiny; which I interpret to mean
that there is no power, no authority in this
nation to protect the Indian; nobody expects
it." That is the way he interprets the Ameri-
can faith to the savage. Sir, need I stand
here to say that that is a libel on this nation
and a libel on the American people? If I
were to say less than that and allude to it at
all, I should not say what I think.
We make a treaty with the Indians in solemn
faith ; close these doors from the world, such
is the solemn character of our work, and only
open them when we have ratified and sealed
our covenant vows with the Indian that he
shall have certain rights in certain localities,
in consideration of the fact that he is a man,
in consideration'of the fact that our forefathers
recognized him as a brother, and in consider-
ation of the fact that we hold the executive
head of the nation out to him as his great
father. In consideration, also, of the humani-
ties of the age we say : " We will pledge our
solemn vows that you shall have certain rights,
shall be protected in them, and no white man's-
foot shall intrude without your consent; and
if he does, refer your question to the national
authorities and you shall have protection. Yet
your major general says it cannot be done. Y'ou
send him to the frontier, and he takes not the
law, not the spirit of the nation, not its sense
of justice, not the solemn treaty stipulation,
for his guide and direction ; but, in the spirit
of the border, hunts the Indian, makes war on
him, deprives him of his rights, and all in the
name of a supposed inevitable destiny, mani-
fest destiny, and seems neither to have respect
