1867.
Ml CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
States, tthichwiU not be permitted lo be worn bythe
confederate prisoners; and- the United States will
pefmit to be purchased in the markfets of the United
States such clothing as tH'o confederate authorities
may choose, including blankets, to furnish totheeon-
federate prisoner of war, all to be paid for in the
legal currency of tho United States, or^the United
States will rcceive in payment for such goods so sold
by them, cotton, upon the terms and conditions upon
which cotton is pledged for the confederate loan in
Europe, and will jiprmit such cotton to be sent from
any.port in the United States, whether such ports
are in the possession of the confederate authorities
or otherwise, or we will receive such cotton in pay-
ment at any port to be designated by the confeder-
ate authorities in the United States, or whether said
port is in thepossessionoftheeonfederate authorities
or otherwise, for all articles. The United States will
also permit the purchase of tents, at the price paid by
the United States, for shelter to the confederate pris-
oners held by thera upon the same terms and condi-
tions as tho purchase of provisions and supplies.
Hospital stores maybe furnished upon the same con-
dition by the confederate authorities.
All these to be receipted for and distributed and ex-
pended by a board of three officers from the prisoners
of war held by either side above the rank of company
officers at e&ch prison, who shall be paroled for that
purpose, and shall have full liberty to communicate
with the commissioner of exchange of the confed-
erate authorities and the United States in open let-
ters. It being understood and agreed that no article
permitted by either Government for the use of its
prisoners shall be upon any pretext or for any cause
whatever diverted from the use for which they are
dedicated; and any surplus of articles furnished by
the United States or bythe confederate authorities
is to bo returned to the place where received by either
party and put at the disposal of the party owning
the same.
Any other minor details not provided for in these
instructions will be the subject of further just and
equitable arrangement.
It is further understood and agreed that either
party shall have the privilege of putting a surgeon
on each board of officers herein provided far.
All these terms are believed to be equitable and
just, and will so relieve either party from complaints
of the other party that it is hoped they will be ac-
cepted. If any minor points, any objections are made
on the part of the confederate authorities you will
report the objections and they will be carefully con-
sidered, and, unless vital, will be yielded to. These
terms you will write out separately from your letters
of instruction or propositions for agreement and cer-
tify them officially so that there may be no mistake
in the terms offered.
If, as maybe the case, it is objected by the confed-
erate authorities that the United States had a larger
number of prisoners taken from the confederate army,
than the confederate authorities hold taken from the
Army of the United States, and that, therefore, ac-
cepting these terms will impose a burden upon the
confederate authorities greater than that assumed
by tho United States, although such claims would not
apparently be well founded, yet the Government 9f
the United States being very anxious to relieve in
so far as they may their prisoners of war from what
they are instructed and believe to be great want and
distress, you are authorized to offer, rather than the
negotiations shall be broken off upon this point, that
the United States will, after supplying an-equal num-
ber of the prisoners held bythe United States accord-
ing to the equivalent established bythe cartel, using
that as a measure of reference, supply only the sur-
plus of prisoners held by us with precisely thesamo
and not other and different shelter, clothing, food,
and medicine with which the confederate authorities
supply an equal number of their prisoners held by
the United States; but this proposition is not made
except for the purpose of closing the negotiation on
the point, as it is not deemed just that, from motives
of humanity, the United States should bear any por-
tion of the burden which properly belongs to the
confederate authorities because of the superiority of
the United States in capturing prisoners of war.
All propositions received upon this subject from
the confederate authorities will be received by you
in writing, but they will not prevent oral discussion
of the several points involved in order to their true
and justsettlement, but such discussion shall not be
taken or deemed to be propositions on the one side
or the other.
You will see how much is confided to your dis-
cretion, care, and judgment, and it is hoped that you
may succeed in having established some just and
equitable arrangement upon tho basis of ther e in-
structions for the care and treatment of prisoners of
war, which seem very likely not to be exchanged.
I have tho honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
BEN J. F. BUTLER.
Mnjor General and Commissioner for ExcJiangc.
Colonel JIulford.
Mr. BUTLER. Thus you see, Mr. Speaker,
the Government of the United States not only
offered to take care of all the confederate pris-
oners it had, but also offered to take charge of,
shelter, warm, clothe, and feed all our pris-
oners in the hands of the confederacy; and
that offer was continued open so long as I had
anything to do with the maftcr of exchange.
I think that these documents will satisfy the
country that there is no truth whatever in the
charge made by those who say our Government
only is always wrong and the rebels only were
always ' right, that any officer having charge
of the exchange of prisoners failed in any
respect in our duty to our sick and wounded
soldiers.
Therefore let me say to the Intelligencer,
which the sworn testimony in a court of jus-
tice has lately shown to be the chosen and
accredited organ of John Wilkes iBooth, that
if it is not satisfied with this explanation, I pro-
pose to go a little further and show how its
rebel friends treated American soldiers when
captured by them.
In the first place, sir, there is the irrefraga-
ble proof that they took our gallant ^ soldiers
captured in war as prisoners and with their
uniforms on turned them ever to their sup-
posed masters as slaves. Lest I fail to speak
by the book, I will ask- the Clerk to read an
official notice of that fact published in the
Richmond Examiner on the 11th of October,
1864, and the letter from rae giving notice of
retaliation for such treatment of our soldiers.
The Clerk read as follows:
Notice.
Headquarters Camp of Instruction*,
Richmond, October 8.1864.
In accordance with the provisions of General
Orders No. 25, adjutant and inspector general's office,
last series, the owners of the following negroes will
call at this camp and prove their claims, as required
by act of Congress:
Junius, slave of Thad's Dillard, Surrey county,
Virginia.
Philip, slave of John Fisher, Essex county, Vir-
ginia,
Eliiah, slave of Luther Bryan, company F, fifth
South Carolina regiment.
James Bush, slave of Griffin Bush, Montgomery
county. Virginia.
Revel Garrison, slave of Ed. Garrison, Aceomac
county, Virginia.
llichard Saunders, slave of George Strother, Staf-
ford county, Virginia.
George Washington, slave of Calvin Goodlow,
Franklin county, Virginia.
George and William, slaves of Dr. Charles Weise-
ger, Chesterfield county, Virginia.
Jim, slave of William Graham, Fort Monroe, Vir-
ginia.
Gray, slave of B. Barnes, Wayne county, 2?orth
Carolina.
George, slave of Mrs. Morrison, Alleghany county,
Virginia.
Charles, slave of Mr. Ashton, Portsmouth, Vir-
ginia.
By order of Major T. G. PEYTOST.
Official: L. 0. Pettcs, Lieutenant and Adjutant.
Official: W  H.Taylor, Lieutenant Colonel, A. A. G.
Headquarters Army op the James,
October 12,1S64.
Sib : I inclose a copy of an advertisement cut from
a Richmond paper, where a military officercommand-
ing a camp near Richmond calls upon their masters
to comeforward and make claim to the services and
laborof certain colored men thcreindescribed. Some
of these are believed to be soldiers of the United
States Army, captured in arms.
if I am mistaken in this belief. I desire to be
promptly corrected. I have ordered to such manual
labor as I deem most fitting to meet the exigency an
equal number of prisoners of war held by us, and I
shall continue to order to labor captives in war to an
equal number of all the soldiers of tho United States
I nave reason to believe are held to labor and ser-
vice by the forces you represent, until I am notified
that this practice on your part has ceased. Much as
I regret the necessity imposed upon me to do this, yet
I am compelled bythe sternest convictions of duty
thus to inaugurate a system of retaliation which will
be firmly carried out.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully your obe-
dient servant, BEXJ. F. BUTLER,
Major General Commanding.
Hon. Robert Oult>, .
Commissioner for Exchange, Richnumd, \ irgwia.
Mr. BUTLER. Not only that: but when
on the 29th of September, 186-1, the rebels
captured one hundred and ten of our colored
soldiers from regiments, one of which was raised
and organized in this District, after they had
made one of the most gallant charges of the
war on Fort Gilmer, a very strong work, but
failed to capture it, how do you suppose the
rebel fiiends of the Intelligencer treated them?
Marched them over to the trenches in front of
our guns, and set them at work digging forti-
fications for the enemy. And not only that,
but they starved them while they were so at
work under fire. Showing I am not wrong in
this. I beg to submit to the House and the
country the affidavits of three men from among
others taken at the time.
The Clerk read as follows:
HeadQuartebs Army or rax Jmes,
October 12, ISM.
James 1". Knight, company F, fifty-ninth Virginia
regiment, put into the first regiment Virginia re-
serves, being duly sworn, deposes and says, that on
Thursday, the 6th, and on Friday, the 7th instant, he
•was on duty with his regiment, (first Virginia re-
serves,) and that on one of the above-mentioned
days, which he does not now definitely remember,
he, with his company, (company A, first regiment Vir-
ginia, reserves,) went from their camp, whioh was then
on the intermediatelinenear the Darbytown road, to
Richmond, Virginia, and took from Libby prison
about eighty-two colored men who were there as
captured prisoners of war, and brought them to the
intermediate lines between the Newmarket and Dar-
bytown roads, where they were put to work thfowing
up intrenehments; aad where, to the best of his
knowledge and belief, they now remained, doing
work in the manner described above, he having lett
them on the morning of this day. Deponent further
says that they were clad in uniform.
JAMES F. KNIGHT.
Sworn and subscribed to before me, this 12th day
of October, 1864. JOHN J. DAVENPORT,
A-id-de-Cktmp and Assistant Provost Marshal.
Headquarters Army of the Jambs,
October 12,1854.
Chapman Dinking, of Yadkin county, North Caro-
lina, member of the thirty-eighth Narth Carolina
regiment, put into the Virginia local reserves, lately
stationed at Fort Gilmer, on oath deposes and says,
that coming to Fort Gilmer on the night of Thursday,
the 6th of October, he found one hundred and ten
colored soldiers in the uniform of the United States,
captured in the recent engagements, at work in the
trenches at Fort Gilmer, without sufficient food, s«
that they were exchanging their clotfaesfor food with
the confederate soldiers. Deponent further says that
he left the confederate lines on the night of the 11th •
instant, and that when he left the trenches they wero
still at work. CHAPMAN DINKING.
Swore to and subscribed before me, this 12th day of
October, 1864. JOHJST J. DAVENPORT,
Aid-de~Camp and Assistant Provost Marshal.
Headquarters Abmy op the James*
October 12,1864.
Samuel Miller, of battery C, eighteenth Virginia
battalion of artillery, being duly sworn, deposes and
says, that he, with his company, has been for some
weeks past stationed at battery No. 8, situated on the
intermediate Ikies between the Charles City and Dar-
bytown roads, and that to his personal knowledge he
knows of some twenty-five to eighty colored prison-
ers of war, clad in the uniform of tho United States,
to have been been kept at work on fortifications and
intrenehments in that vicinity and upon that line
since Thursday, the 6th instant. Deponent also fur-
ther says that he knows of numbers of them having
been obliged to trade their clothes and shoes with the
confederate poldiers for food, owing to an insufficiency
being furnished them.
SAMUEL MILLER.
Sworn to and subscribed before me. this 12th day of
October, 1864. JOHN J. DAVEXPORT,
Lieutenant and Aid-de-Camp, Assistant Provost Mar-
shal.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Speaker, this proof
having come to me that our colored soldiers,
prisoners of war, were being worked in the
trenches in their uniforms, it became my duty
to provide a remedy, and that remedy you will
find set forth in this letter.
The Clerk read as follows :
Headqcauters Army or thk James,
Is thk Field, October 12, IxH.
Sis; I inclose herewith affidavits showing the em-
ployment of one hundred and ten United States col-
ored soldiers by the military officers of the ponfeder-
| ate forces in the trenches near Fort Gilmer.a practice
1 justified by no rale of war or claim heretofore made
| by the confederate authorities. I have ordered,! like
! number of the officers and soldiers captured by us
I (preferring as many of the Virginia reserve forces, by
whom this outrage is being done, as I have captured)
into the canal at Dutch Gap, and put them at hard
lahor, and shall continue to add to their number
until this practice is stopped.
I have the honor to be, very respeetfully.your
obedient servant, BENJ. I?.
Major General Commanding.
Hon. R obebt Oul.d, Co>nmU*imcrforExchange, Rich-
mond, Virginia.
Mr. BUTLER. Let me say that the medi-
cine was potent. In twenty-four hours from
thaj^thne I was informed from Robert E. Lee,
commanding the confederate forces, that all
the colored men had been withdrawn from the
trenches, and I withdrew the Virginia reserve
from Dutch Gap, much to their relief. It was
a stern measure of retaliation, but justified, it
seemed to me, by the fact that there was an
attempt to put our soldiers who were prisoners
under our awn fire and make their comrades
murder them.
