694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
Now, sir, I have brought this question before
the House in order that these facts which are
buried up in the mass of the correspondence
may become known to the country. All the
correspondence upon this subject now exists
on the; records of the House. There will be
found no word" to controvert any portion of
that which I have brought before you. I have
not felt it to bo my duty, nor indeed within
the scope of the liberty given me here of expla-
nation to advert to the question as to upon
whom the blame rests, if any there be, as to
the general exchange of prisoners, whether
upon the one side or upon the other. When-
ever fliat question crimes up I shall be quite
prepared to discuss it. It is not now before
the House or the country. The question is as
to the treatment of prisoners while they were
held.
It is due, however, to myself and to the Gen-
eral commanding the Army of the IT ni ted States
that I should say here that in all these measures
which I have brought to the attention of the
House, I had his full and hearty cooperation.
I will not by my silence on that subject seem
to countenance the idea that I had not his fullest
support.
It only remains for me now to thank the
House for the patience with which they have
listened to what were it not for the interest in
the subject might seem somewhat dry details;
but I think that when this correspondence is
carefully and coolly read it will put the author-
ities—not speaking of the individual, but the
authorities who had this matter of the rights
of our soldiers in prison in charge—firmer and
deeper in the affections of the country, and will
by no means tend to relieve the great burden
which, now bears heavily on the rebel authori-
ties because they violated the rules of war in
the treatment of captured, helpless prisoners.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker,. 1 ask
unanimous consent to make a remark upon
this subject, as my name has been somewhat
connected with it.
No objection was made.
Mr. BUTLER. Before the gentleman pro-
ceeds, let me say that it was no part ot my
desire to intimate ono word against him.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did not understand
the gentleman to make any personal reflection
on me, neither shall I make any personal
reflection on him or upon any of the officers
who had this matter of exchange in charge.
I did not, in bringing before the House the
statements which came to me from General
Ould, the rebel commissioner of exchange,
make any such reflections. I spoke only in
vindication of history, and it is for that pur-
pose that I now rise. I do not say that the
rebels were right, or that they were willing at
all times to make exchanges upon proper
terms. I do not deny any ot the propositions
which the gentleman may have made. But
General Ould occupied a position in the con-
federate army, and occupies a position to-day
as a man which entitles his statement to much
credit upon this subject of exchange, and the
people of this country have felt very great
anxiety about it.
Many doubts have existed as to the propri-
ety of the conduct of our officers having that
subject in charge. _ These may relate alone,
as the gentleman In his concluding remarks
seemed to indicate, to the general subject of
exchange. Upon that I cannot speak. But
General Ould made the statement to me in
the presence of other gentlemen who are mem-
bers of this House. If gentlemen are capable
of vindicating themselves to the Ml extent
which the gentleman from Massachusetts says
they can, what was the objection, I ask, t?Pthe
investigation which was desired by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Muxgen?] Why should
gentlemen not be willing to have the matter
investigated before a committee of this House,
a committee of the political friends of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts ? Why was it that
we found the majority of this House voting in
solido against any investigation on this sub-
ject; against referring this subject to the com-
mittee?
Mr. BUTLER. Will ,the gentleman allow
me to make a single remark ?
Mr.-ELDRIDGE. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER. I dpsire to say that I did
not vote against that investigation ; and my
reason wasjthat I felt that it pointed Jo me,
and that I had no right to vote on the ques-
tion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman certainly
did not help me to get the yeas and nays. I
tried to ascertain precisely who would vote
against it. I sought to obtain the yeas arid
nays on that question, but we were too few
and feeble to do it. By a very decided major-
ity the ruling party in this House refused to
give the gentleman from Ohio, one of the
committee raised to investigate this subject of
the treatment of Union prisoners, the addi-
tional power to inquire into this very question.
Now, I propose to gentlemen on that side
of the House to give us a committee a major-
ity of which shall be members of that side of
the House; and let us investigate that subject
and see whether there is any wrong and where
the_ responsibility for that wrong should rest.
It is not in tlie interest of the confederates or
of any rebel thai; I ask this committee. I ask
it in vindication of history. A grave charge
has gone out to the world from the man who
had principal connection with this subject in
the. confederate States. Other nations may not
look so charitably on this subject and upon
those engaged in exchanges upon our side as
we are inclined to do. Let us have this matter
investigated, and then truth of history shall be
vindicated.
I know not whether the statement made by
General Ould is true or not. But I know he
made the statement, and also that he stated he
was subpoenaed here as a witness in the Wirz
trial, and after he had been here in the neigh-
borhood of ten days a messenger was sent to
him from the court announcing that his sub-
prena was revoked. What that means I leave
to Congress to determine. He declined to sur-
render his subpoena. He had been subpoenaed
on behalf of the defense. He compromised
with the messenger by promising to appear in
court next morning and submit himself to its
order or authority. The.Judge Advocate Gen-
eral then compromised with him by revoking
his subpoena in writing upon the back of it,
and redelivering it to him. And General Ould,
atthetime that he spokeofthis matter, claimed,
if I recollect rightly, that he then had the
subpoenain his possession. He supposed that
the reason for that proceeding, and that he
was not allowed to testify in that case, was
because it had transpired in some way that
he _ would testify to the facts substantially
which I have stated as having been related to
me by him. Now, I ask, I entreat, gentlemen
having the power to determine it, to give us a
committee to investigate this subject, to ascer-
tain whether there is wrong with reference to
these exchanges, and to fix the responsibility
for that wrong where it should properly rest".
Mr. BALDWIN. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to ask him a question?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Certainly I will.
Mr. BALDWIN. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether hedesiresorexpects this House
to take the assertion of the rebel General Ould
against the documentary evidence and the state-
ments of our own military officers?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not ask this House
or the country or the world to take the state-
ment of Geueral Ould. I ask only this House
to_ raise a committee composed of the political
friends of the majority of this House, if they
dare do so, for the purpose of investigating the
fact and ascertaining if it be true or false.
Mr. BALDWIN. On the ground that the
statement of Ould is to prevail against the
documents and against the statements of our
own generals ?
Mr._ELDIiIDQE. Only in case upon the
investigation it shall prove to be true. I insist
that General Ould occupied during the war
and now occupies a position which entitles his
statement, to sufficient consideration to justify
us in investigating this subject and ascertaining
whether <^r not he tells the truth; and whether
or not any of the consequences of those long
and fatal imprisonments of Union soldiers
properly ought to rest upon Union authorities.
Mr. BUTLER. I hope that* will be allowed
one word.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. In a moment I will. Our
generals were in constant intercourse with Gen-
eral Ould during a greater part of the war, and
know him better than I do; and! appeal to
the gentleman from Massachusetts, and believe
he will not hesitate here to state that General
Ould, although he may have committed the
crime of treason and gone into the rebel army,
was not in other respects a highly honorable
and conscientious man.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana is entitled to the floor.
Mr. JULIAN. I yield for a short while
further.
Mr. BUTLER. Before the war, sir, I believe
General Ould was a highly conscientious and
honorable man; but I hold that when a man
commits treason he is like a woman who loses
her virtue, ready for any crime, and from that
moment no one knows where to find him.
Now, sir, I say further that if the gentleman
from Wisconsin will take this volume of cor-
respondence and read it carefully, and then
come into the House, and upon his honoras a
member of the House, as he will state if he
states at all, say he finds any reason to believe
any wrong has been done, I for one will vote,
and ask our friends in the House to vote, for
any investigation he may desire.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from
Massachusetts makes a sweeping charge when
he alleges that anyone who goes into rebellion
loses all character for truth and honesty. I
think the gentleman cannot have forgotten
that eminent men from his own State once
went into rebellion. He cannot have forgotten
John Hancock and John Adams, General
Washington, and a host of others, and that
every one of them was called a rebel. Every
one of them, sir, was a rebel. [Hissing upon-
the floor and in the galleries.] Every one of
them was guilty of treason until their rebellion
was crowned with success. The crime of rebel-
lion, I insist, does not destroy every other
virtue 
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen upon the floor
cannot manifest approbation or disapprobation
without violating the rules which they have
themselves established.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It is not strange that
these eminent names are hissed in these
days  
Mr. JULIAN. I think that this has gone
far enough.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish simply to make
this further remark in response to the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
His statements have included but little more
than records made by himself, and they are
but one side of the case. He has not pretended
or attempted to put in any evidence before the
House to meet the point involved in the state-
ment made to me by General Ould.
Mr. SCHENCIC rose.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. In one moment. That
statement of General Ould may be true, and
the statement of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts may also be true. The charge con-
tained in the statement remains unanswered
and should certainly be investigated by a com-
mittee.
REREL STATE DEBTS.
Mr. JULIAN. I now insist on resuming
the floor, and ask unanimous consent of the
House to submit the following resolution :
Resolved, That the doctrines avowed by the Presi-
dent of the United States in his message to Congress
on the 15th instant, to the effect that the abrogation of
the governments of the rebelStates binds the nation
to pay their debts incurred prior to the late rebel-
