TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
• Tie second section provides that the Secre-
tory of the Interior be authorized to place the
name of Melitida Harmon, of the county of
Greene, aad State of Tennessee, widow of Jacob
Harmon, on the pension-roll at eight dollars
per month, to commence on the 17th of Decem-
ber, 1861, and to continue during her widow-
hood.
The hill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly readthethird time, and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
fey which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider Be laid on the
table.
PRINTING FOR. THE DEPARTMENTS.
Senate amendment to the bill (EE. R. No.
180) entitled ' 'An act supplementary to an act
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1868, and for other purposes, was read, as.
follows!
Strike out nil after the word "ia" in line four,
down to and including " department" in liijeeight,
and insert in lieu thereof "the Treasury Department
and bureaus thereofand at the end of the bill add
tho words, " but the number of persons omployed in
this servicq.shall not beincreased," so that tho clauso
will read :
That the concluding proviso of section ten of
the act described in tho title hereof shall not be
held to prevent tho necessary printing as heretofore
done in tho Treasury Department and bureaus there-
of by their own employes; but the number of persons
employed ill this service shall not be increased.
The amendment was concurred in.
EQUAL RIGHTS IN DISTRICT Of COLUMBIA.-
Senate bill No. 137, entitled "An act for the
further security of equal rights in the District
of Columbia," was read a first and second
time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope that bilL will be
put upon its passage at once.
Tho bill, which was read, provides that in
the District of Columbia no person shall be
excluded from any office by reason of race or
color, and that so much of any law as makes
any such discrimination shall be repealed.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I yield to my colleague,
[Mr. Judd,] who desires to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. JUDD. I more to amend by inserting
alter the word " offiee" the words "or from
serving on juries."
Mr. INGERSOLL. I suggest to my col-
league that he lmd better modify his amend-
ment so that it wil.l read, " or from being
selected as a juror."
Mr. J CJDD. I am not particular as to the
form, so that it accomplishes my object, which
is that all the citizens of the District of Colum-
bia shall be allowed to serve upon juries. I
modify my amendment so as to read, " or from
being selected and serving as a juror."
Mr. INGERSOLL. If no other gentleman
desires to say anything, I will now call the
previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman yield
to mo for a moment?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Yea, sir.
Mr. SCHENCK. It seems to me, Mr.
Speaker, that we are defeating the very thing
that we profess to have established in the
progress toward freedom and equality, by pass-
ing continually acts declaring there shall be no
discrimination "on account of race or color."
I would suggest to the gentleman that the lan-
guage of tho bill would be much better if it
provided that all citizens of the District of
Columbia shall be eligible to any of these posi-
tions. Some phraseology of this sort appears
to me decidedly preferable. ^
We have by our bill securing civil righSy I
mean to citizens otherwise qualified—we have
by our bill securing civil rights, we have by
amendment to the Constitution abolishing
slavery, we have in various ways, as far as
the statute-book can make it so, abolished this
distinction in reference to all these things,
but we seem continually in our bills by insert-
ing'the words "without distinction ot' race or
color" to keep up and attract attention to a
distinction which otherwise would' not and
could, not, as it ought not, to exist.; I trust
therefore, sir? that the gentleman who was
chairman of the Committee for the District
of Columbia will amend it in some way. so as
(o leave out-that eternal iteration and reitera-
tion of an old phrase, ""without' distinction of
race; or color." I think*we might as welt put
into our gtatu't-e-feaok that men. shall have cer-.
tain privileges without distinction of being tall
or short, without' distinction of being red-
haired or black-haired!, thia or stout. Yet we
are continually in our statutes-feooli miakingsuch
distinctions when we eling to puC'h a phrase as
is introduced into this bill.
I merely make this suggestion. I thinS'that
the bill ought to be amended so as to read
"citizens who-are electors," Put in that lan-
guage and then let any man disregard the law
at his peril.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I yield now to my col-
Mr. JUDD. I desire to say, Mr. Speaker,
that the suggestion of the honorable gentleman
from Ohio meets my views exactly on this
question. I offered theamendmeiit inthe form
it was given, because I saw that my colleague
desired to pass the bill at the present times and
I desired to restrict that right so far as- the
serving on juries was concerned. If the bill
had originated with the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia in this House, 1 have no
doubt the language of thegentleman from Ohio
would have been adopted. I concedc. sir, the
force of the objection that thegentleman from
Ohio makes, and I think that this is as good a
time and this is as good a placc to declare that
all who are entitled to citizenship shall have
all the rights and privileges of citizenship ; that
all citizens in the District of Columbia shall
serve as jurors.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I demand the previous
question on the bill and amendment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Only a
word. I am not quite sure that the use of the
word "citizens" iu the present bill will not be
going too far. It ought to read, all qualified
electors.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not care about offer-
ing any amendment of that kind myself, be-
cause I believe the object sought to be accom-
plished by the gentleman from Ohio is really ac-
complished by the language of the bill already.
But I will submit this to the House, that it
shall read thus: "that in the District of Co-
lumbia no citizen, being an elector, shall be
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. That will
do.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I offer that amendment,
and demand the previous question.
Mr. PliUYN. I desire to say a word.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I yield for a moment.
Mr. PRUYN. In reference to what has
fallen from the gentlemen from Ohio, I beg
to say that the current of things iu the Senate
seems to_ be taking quite a different direction.
In the bill just reported to the Senate, offered
by the distinguished Senator from Massachu-
setts, he not only speaks of tho distinction of
race or color, but of the distinction of the so-
called white race. We can hardly, in this con-
dition of things in the Senate, expect to carry
out the views of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I now demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. PILE. I suggest that tho gentleman
insert the word "qualified" before "elect-
ors."
Mr. INGERSOLL. I suppose all electors
are required to have certain qualifications in
order to become electors, consequently there
is no necessity for such an amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment of Mr. J udd and the
amendment of Mr. Ingeksoll were agreed to.
_ The bill as amended was then read a third
time,
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, in order
to reach the subject which has been so fully
discussfa, I move to reconsider the vote fey
which the bill was read a third time.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I now move fo strike
out the words " by reason of race or color."
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. It had better be referyeel
to a committee,
Mr.. ING&RSOLL. I will let it be referred
to any committee, provided the committee
have leave to report at any time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, with leave
to report at any time.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The latter part of the
motion giving leave to the committee to report
at any time requires a two-thirds vote.
The motion was agreed to without objection.
TREATY WITH VENEZUELA.
The SPEAKER next laid before the House
Senate bill Nq. 138, to carry into effect the
convention, with the republic of Venezuela,
and for the adjustment of claims of citizens of
the United States on the-Government of that
Republic; which was ref$d a,first and second
time, apd, on motion of Mr. IIolmajc, referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
COMMITTEE ON EIHJCA'flON is THE OTSTRICT.
The SPEAKER iwinouBced the following
select Committee on Education in the District
of Columbia:
Thaddeus Stevens of Pennsylvania, Henry
Van Aejwam of New York, William Wil-
liams of Indiana, William LouonRiDSE of
Iowa, and Stevenson Archer of Maryland.
order oe business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Ingersoll] resumes the floor, which
he had before tho messages from the Senate
were taken up.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have been desired to
yield by several gentlemen. If there be no
objection I will yield to the gentleman from
Missouri.
COMMITTEE ON SOUTHERN RAILROADS
Mr. McCLUEG. I ask leave to offer the-
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Southern Rail-
roads have powertodividoiiaelf intosub-committees,
and to sit at different points for the purpose of taking
testimony, and that they be authorized to appoint a
clerk, and the Clork of tho Ho-use of Representatives
be authorized to advance to the chairmaki of sai<i
committee, taking his receipt therefor, a sufficient
sum of money to defray the necessary expenses of
said investigation.
Mr. BROOKS. I objeet.
Mr. McCLURG. I move to suspend the
rules.
The SPEAKER. The gentlewsan from
Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] will have to yield the
floor for that motion-.
INVASION OF MEXICO.
Mr. SELYE. I ask leave to offer the fol-
lowing preamble, and resolution:
Whereas it is currently reported in the public
press and otherwise that bodies of armed men are
being: organized in different parts of the country for
the purpose of invading the territory of our neigh-
boring republic of Mexico, in direct violation, of the
neutrality laws; and whereas al! such attempts and
purposes aro also at variance with the wishes and
feelings of all good citizens of the United States, and
contrary to established public policy :• Therefore,
Resolved, That tho President of the United States,
in case ho shall bo satisfied that such organizations
exist, or aro being formed, be resp-ccifally requested
to issuo a proclamation requiring all proper officers
ofthcUnited States to prevent such unlawful organ-
izations being formed within theUnitod States, warn-
ing ail persons that whosoever shall depart from the
United States, either individually or collcctively, for
ihepurposeof invading the republic of Mcxieo or any
other country, or creating any disturbance therein,
shall forfeit all rights to protection under the laws
of the United States.
Mr. ROSS objected, but subsequently with-
drew his objection for the purpose of allowing
the resolution to be referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs; and it was accordingly so
i referred.
