1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MILEAGE OP MEMBERS-
Mr. INGfiRSOLL. I will now yield the floor
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens.]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ask tbe
unanimous consent, of the House to introduce
a bill authorizing the payment of mileage to
members of the 1 ortiefcn Congress. It is a bill
of justice rather thaii of popularity. I should
like to say a word upon it before the vote is
taken if the House will allow me.
A Member. Let the bill be read first. -
The bill was read. It provides that Senators,
Representatives, and Delegates of the Fortieth
Congress who were in attendance at the first
session of this Congress, prior to the recess
before the I3th day of March, 1867, and who
after that date and before the reassembling of
Congress on,the 3d day of July, 1867, actually
went to their respective homes and returned
to take their seats in Congress after said recess,
shall be allowed and paid the usual mileage
for going and returning from their respective
residences, provided that they shall have
remained in attendance until Congress shall
again at this preseat session adjourn or take a
recess, unless prevented from so remaining by
sickness of themselves or death or sickness in
fheir families.
Mr. BROOMALL. I object to the introduc-
tion of that bill.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I merely
want to say a word or two.
Mr. BROOMALL. I have no objection to
any explanation, but I object to the bill.
Sir. BOYER. J object to explanation.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
to suspend the rules to enable me to introduce
the bill.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ixger-soll]
surrendering the floor.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I surrender the floor
unconditionally.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Then I
move a suspension of the rules.
Mr. BAKER. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania allow me a word?
The SPEAKER. The motion is not debat-
able.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I ask the yeas
and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 45, nays 65, not voting 60; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, James M. Ashley, Bald-
win, Benjamin, Benton, Biair, Butler, Churchill, Sid-
ney Clarke, Cullom, Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs,
Farnsworth, Ferriss, Finney, Gravely, Hunter, Inger-
soll, Jenekes, Loan, Logan, Marshall, McClurg, Mil-
ler, Moorhead, Myers, Newcomb, Nicholson, A'oell,
Orth, Pile, Poland, Robinson, Boss, Sehenck, Smith,
Aaron F. Stevens. Thaddeus Stevens, Taffe, Twichell,
Robert T. Van Horn, William Williams, andWm-
dom—45.
NAYiS — Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames, Archer,
Baker, Binsrham, Boutwell, Boyer, Bromwell,Brooks,
Broomail, Buckland, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Co-
burn, Cook, Coi-ode, Ferry, Fields, Getz, Glossbren-
ner, ilalsey, Hamilton. Holman, Hopkins, Hotchkiss,
Chester B. Hubbard, Judd, Julian, Kclley, Kelsey,
Kcteham, Kitchen, ICoontz, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrenoe, Loughridge, Mercur, Moore, Mor-
rell, Niblack, O'Neill, Paine, Perhnm, Pike, Plants,
Pruyn, Robertson, Sawyer, Scoiield, Shanks, Sit-
greaves, Mone, Taylor. Thomas, Trowbridge. Van
Aernam, Van Auken, Van Trump, Ward. Cadwala-
der C. Washburn, Henry D. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Welker. and Thomas Williams—05.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Banks,
Barnes, Barnum, Beainan, Blaine,Burr, Cake, Chan-
ler, Cornell, Dodge, Eckley, Eggleston, lila, Eldriage,
Eliot, Fox, Garfield, Griswold, Haight, Harding,
Hayes, Hill, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard
D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Kerr, Laflin, Lin-
coln. Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, McCarthy, MeCul-
lough, Morgan, Morrissey, Mungen, Peters, Phelps,
Polsley, Pomeroy, Price, Randall, Raum, Selye,
Shellabarger, Spalding, Starkweather, Stewart, Ta-
ber, U pson. Burt Van Horn.Van Wyek, James F.Wil-
fon, JohnT. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood, and
W oodbridge—00.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
IMPEACHMENT.
Mr. COVODE. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I offer the following preamble and res-
olution :
Whereas Andrew Johnson, President of the "United
States, did upon the 4th day of July, 1867, at the
request of the counsel of John H. Surratt, cause to
bo issued to Stephen i". Cameron, of tbe rebel army,
and one of the most notorious violators of the laws
of war, a full pardon for all his crimes, in order that
his credibility might be increased as a witness to aid
in the exculpation of said Surratt from his-participa-
tion in the murder of Mr. Lincoln, thus showing his
sympathy with the men that murdered the President:
Therefore, .
■Me it resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the foregomgriharge, and
rtiport the evidence to the Bouse in tbe first week of
Its next sessiop, together with all the testimony
already taken in the impeachment ease.
I hope that this- resolution will be adopted.
If any gentleman desires to ask any question
I will try to answer it. If not, I call the pre-
vious question on the adoption of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If the gentleman desires
an immediate vote on the resolution I ask him
to modify it in one particular. It asserts that
the person named in the resolution has been
"notoriously" guilty of a violation of the laws
of war. I do not know that such is the fact.
Perhaps the gentleman has some information
on this subject. If so, I trust he will submit
it to the House. I eannot vote that a man is
"notoriously guilty of a violation of the laws
of war" without first having-satisfactory evi-
dence of the fact.
Mr. COVODE. I will state 
Mr. BOYER. I rise to a point of order. I
submit to the Chair whether this resolution
presents a question of privilege;
The SPEAKER. It does unquestionably,
in the opinion of the Chair, present a question
of the very highest privilege.
Mr. COVODE. I will state that I have put
this resolution in the mildest form in which I
was able to frame it. I could have made it
much stronger. It will be seen, by examining
the testimony of this witness taken in court
yesterday, that this 'pardon was antedated on
the 16th of June. I could go further and refer
to the pardon of Toombs, after he had written
a letter which many gentlemen here have read,
showing that he is ready again to inaugurate
treason. But I have confined the resolution
to one single fact.
In connection with this matter I desire also
to settle the question in regard to printing and
reporting during the first week of the next ses-
sion the testimony already taken by the Judi-
ciary Committee on the subject of impeach-
ment. I call the previous question.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask the gentle-
man to yield to. me, that I may make a state-
ment in regard to the last portion of the reso-
lution.
Mr. COVODE. I will do so.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I wish to state
that it was the intention of the Committee on
the Judiciary to ask authority to have this tes-
timony printed in time to be presented at the
commencement of the next session. Although
the question was not finally acted on in com-
mittee, yet the expression of the committee
was in favor of that course. I presume, there-
fore, that no member of the committee will
have any objection to that part of the resolu-
tion which authorizes the printing of the testi-
mony in time to be presented during the first
week of the next session. I am not author-
ized, of course, to express the views or wishes
of any other members of the committee than
myself; but I understand that to be the case.
Therefore I have no objection to giving to the
committee such authority as the resolution pro-
poses.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Will
my colleague [Mr. Covode] yield to me for a
moment?
Mr. COVODE. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. It seems
to me that the powers of the committee are
ample, under the resolution under which they
are now acting, for the full examination of the
ease to which the first part of the resolution
refers; and I would say that while there has
been discovered in the conduct of the Presi-
dent of the United States much which I regard
as highly culpable, I do not know that the
granting of a pardon (whieh I suppose may
probably amount only to a safe-conduct, or
may have been intended as such,) might not
very high i
testimony of this witness was essential to his
defense. I understand that in like cases par-
dons haive been issued in order to enable wit-
nesses to appearon thepart of the prosecution.
I merely throw out this suggestion.
Mr. COVODE. I now insist on the previous
question.
Mr. GETZ. Will my colleague yield to me
for a question ?
Mr. COVODE. Yes, sir.
Mr. GETZ. I wish to inquire whether the
gentleman knows that John H. Surratt is, as
charged in the resolution, guilty of being an
accomplice in the murder of President Lin-
coln ?
Mr. COVODE. I think the testimony will
settle that. We are not to settle it.
Mr. GETZ. I was only going to remark
that if my colleague knows the fact he would
be a very valuable witness for the prosecution,
and 1 am only surprised that he is not sub-
penaed.
Mr. INGERSOLL. last that the vote be
taken separately on the preamble and resolu-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered, which was first
upon agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. BURR. The resolution instructs the
committee to examine into "the foregoing
charge"—language which without the preamble
is unintelligible.
Mr. SCOPIELD. I rise to a point of order.
Can the resolution be separated from the pre-
amble when the resolution standing alone does
not make complete sense?
The SPEAKER. The rule provides that
whenever any member desires it a preamble
and resolution must be voted on separately.
The resolution was adopted.
The question then recurred on the preamble.
Mr. COVODE demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. ROSS. Is it in order to move to refer
this subject to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary ?
The SPEAKER. The preamble is not
covered by the previous question ordered on
the resolution, but requires a separate demand
for the previous question.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. McDonald, its Chief Clerk, notifying the
House that that body adhered to its amend-
ments to House bill No. 108, for the relief of
certain volunteer soldiers and sailors.
impeachment again.
Mr. COVODE. I will modify the preamble
by inserting the word "alleged," so it will read
"alleged participation ;" and then demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The House divided : and there were—ayes
40, noes 65.
So the preamble was rejected.
Mr. COVODE. I will strike out the latter
clause of the preamble.
Mr. DAWISS. What will be the purport of
the resolution we have adopted as it now
stands?
The SPEAKER. It will not make good
sense.
Mr. DAWES. It refers to "the foregoing
charge," and that has been rejected.
Mr. MORRELL. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the preamble was rejected.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
54, noes 39.
So the motion was agreed to.
The question again recurred on the adoption
of the preamble.
Mr, COVODE. 1 move to strike out the
latter clause.
