1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
706
pioneers and obstructed the extension of set-
tlements and of civilization across the Plains.
Daring the late years of the war, and since,
those incursions have been much more fre-
quent, as the settlements have encroached more
closely upon the ancient domain of the red man,
and as desperadoes from the rebel armies hate
fled to these Plains to escape the punishment,
due their crimes of outlawry, and there joined
the Indians to wreak their vengeance1 upon the
loyal pioneer.
These disturbances have now culminated in
hostile attacks along the entire frontier of the
West, from the British possessions almost to
the Gulf of Mexico. Kansas and Nebraska,
especially, as the most forward in projected
improvement toward the West, and having the
most exposed settlements, have been singled
out as peculiar objects of vengeance, and such
has been the destruction of life and property
in my own State that the State government has
been compelled to initiate measures'for the
protection of its people, to take the risk of in-
curring the displeasure of the Federal Govern-
ment or of seeing hundreds of its best citizens
butchered, their homes destroyed, and all de-
velopment to the West stopped. The State,
however, first seeks the protection of the Gov-
ernment, or rather permission to protect itself,
and in the hope of securing that protection the
Governor has addressed to the Senate, through
me, the following communication:
Topeka, June 29,186V.
DearSik: Our Indian troubles are growing worse
every day.
On Wednesday last a band of Kiowas attacked and
captured atrain between Harker and Lamed, killing
and scalping eleven of the teamsters, (mostly Mexi-
cans,) burning the wagons, and driving off the stock.
On Thursday they made another attack on the rail-
road men fifteen miles west of Harker, killing one
engineer and mortally wounding an employ^. This
almost entirely stops the work on the road, as Col-
onel Shoemaker's dispatch, herewith transmitted,
will show. .***<**■■**
It may be possible that during the present week we
shall not suffer as we have during the past three or
four months, since the same tribes which have been
perpetrating these outrages are required to meet Col-
onel Leavenworth, agent for the Comanclies and
Kiowas, and Major Wynkoop, agent for the Apaches,
Arapahoes, and Cheyennes, at or near Salt Plains, in
the southern part of this State, there to receive one
hundred and sixty thousand pounds of annuity goods,
which were shipped from Atchison last week, and
will reach their destination and bo distributed to the
murderers within the next ten days. As soon as they
receive these supplies from the Government they will,
without theleastshadow of doubt, return to their fields
of operation, which are already stained from one end
to the other with the blood of our own citizens, and
which contain in Kansas alone the fresh graves of
more than five hundred men, women, and children,
victims of these "noble red men.''
This state of affairs cannot be tolerated any longer.
General Sherman and other United States officers are
willing to do ail in their power to suppress further
depredations, but they have not a sufficient force
with which to operate.
The Indians, from Minnesota to Texas, have de-
clared war. They have lormcd themselves into one
powerful confederate band or army, and are moving
with concert of action from one end of the line to the
other.
Since the 1st day of July, 1S66, more than five hun-
dred persons, to whom the Government of the Uni-
ted States guarantied protection, have been killed,
scalped, and their bodies most shamefully mutilated
by the same Indians who are now receiving aid and
comfort from the Government.
With the aid they are receiving this year they will
be able to prosecute the war more vigorously than
ever; while if their annuities wore stopped, former
treaties declared void, and a vigorous effort made,
they could soon be reduced to a state of suffering and
compelled to sue for peace.
Then if the Government would send them to the
Indian territory south of Kansas, give each twenty
acres of land, invest one twentieth part of the money
that is now being foolishly expended lor annuities in
schooi-houscs, farming implements, &c., for their,
use, and compel them to remain at home, we should
have no further trouble.
But before this can be done, they will have to be
reduced to actual want, and made to feel and fear
the power of the Government.
They have a powerful army in the field, well organ-
ized, armed, and equipped.
Ttiey mean war, and the Government of the United
States can meet them inno otherway than by organ-
izing an army and moving against them in force,
(Jonscrcss might, with equal propriety and justice,
have forwarded a train of supplies and munitions of
war to the rebel army after the battle of Bull Eun,
and upon that demanded or oxpected their surren-
der, as to demand or expect the hostile Indians to
v^top the war by giving them annuities.
Thcro is no such thing as pcace except by war, and
the sooner you convince Congress of this the better
it will be for the country.
40th OoNtf. 1st —No. 45.
It is to the pecuniary interests of Indian agents,
traders, and contractors to prevent a war as long as
possible, and, in my opinion, some of them represent-
ing wild tribes, rather than lose their position, would
misrepresent the true state of affairs at whatever cost
or sacrifice of life.
Most of them, if not all, represent their Indians as
being at home quiet and peaceable, when in fact they
know that every Indian belongingto their respective
tribes (I mean those at war) is now and has been for
months past murdering and scalping citizens when-
ever and wherever they could be found, either alone
or in parties sufficiently small to be overpowered
without the Indians incurring too much danger to
themselves. Nine of them came into a small settle-
ment a few days since on the frontier, west of Lake
Sibley, murdered and scalped two men and one boy,
and wounded another boy, who made his escape.
They then took two women prisoners, upon one of
whom each of the nine committed a fiendish outrage,
and afterward, while she was lying in a helpless
condition, plunged a tomahawk into her head and
left her dead on the ground, and in this condition
she was subsequently found by the citizens. The
other woman they took with them as a prisoner, to
suffer, if possible, even a worse fate.
I have represented the condition of affaire to the
Secretary of War, who from some cause has taken no
action.
I have appealed to Sherman, but he cannot engage
in a war without troops or authority, so the whole
subj ectrests with Congress, either to declare all former
treaties with hostile tribes void by act of war on
their part, declare war against them, and furnish
Sherman with a volunteer force sufficient to enable
him to take the- offensive, or send out peace com-
missioners, who will doubtless guaranty additional
protection to the Indians, assure them that theircon-
duct has been entirely satisfactory to the Govern-
ment, and that their supply of annuity goods shall
be largely increased in the future. I judge of the
future by the past. If peace commissioners are sent
out it is equivalent to saying to thelndians, " Goon
with the war and we will pay you a premium for all
you do:" or, in other words, "we will pay you a
reward for the scalps you take." In thejjamcof God
and humanity, I do earnestly protest against such a
policy.
I hope that the false impressions which exist in the
minds of many persons East in regard to the charac-
ter and disposition of the Indian will not prevent
members of Congress from discharging their whole
duty fearlessly.
If those who believe that the Indian embodies in
his nature everything that is noble and great could
see their friends butchered and mangled as we of the
West have seen ours, the probability is they would
change their opinions. But whether they do or not
is a matter of indifference to me, and I trust it will
also be to Congress, which in fact is responsible for
these atrocities. I could within a short time com-
plete the organization of a militia force, composed
of experiencedofficersand soldiers,and moveagainst
the Indians in Western Kansas. But in doing this I
would necessarily be compelled to violate the law
(if treaties are valid,) which I have no disposition to
do if it can possibly be avoided; besides, it is the duty
of the Government to protect her citizens. If Con-
gress fails to make provision for protecting our citi-
zens and those quietly traveling through the State
then there is but one course for me to pursue.
I cannot and will not allow a band of irresponsible,
uncivilized, blood-thirsty fiends to invade the State,
murder our citizens, stop the workonourmostimport-
ant railroads, and completely blockade the routes of
travel to other States and Territories. This is asking
a little too much, even though we have humanita-
rians in the country who may think it better to suffer
a hundred or more of our people to be murdered and
scalped than to sacrifice the'life of one Indian.
I have submitted until forbearance has ceased to
be a virtue.
If Congress will adopt prompt and decisive meas-
ures to bring this war to an end, or rather commence
the war, I will render the Government all the assist-
ance in my power. I will lurnisn troops, as many as
may be desired. But if Congress fails to take action,
I shall be compelled to declare all the Indians in
Western Kansas invaders, outlaws, murderers, and
highway robbers, and proceed a gainst them with such
force as maj; be necessary to bring them to justice or
drive them from the State.
Yours, very truly, S. J. CRAWFORD.
Hon. E. G. Ross, Uiiited States Senator^
Washington, District of Columbia.
Further to show the actual existing condi-
tion of things, let me submit a communication
from a respectable constituent of mine, received
only a short time ago :
Bachelder, Riley Couxtt, Kansas,
May 30, ISoT.
Deat* Sir: I improve this opportunity to call your
attention to a few facts in regard to tho wants of the
settlers of the Republican Valley. 4
As one of the first settlers west of Fort Riley, hav-
ing been here more than eleven years, and being in a
business that brings me in contact with all the peo-
ple of the valley for one hundred miles west of Fort
Biley—running the only flouring mill in the valley—
IknowwhereoflatTirm.a.nd refer you to the business
men of Riley, Davis, and City counties as to my re-
sponsibility. First, then, as to the Indian troubles on
the frontier. The bare fact of so many outrages com-
mitted on the settlers ought to be sufficient evidence
to the Governmentthat the Indians are hostile; and
having induced the settlors to go on the lands, by
offering them for sale, it surely ought to protect their
lives and property.
Less than one year ago six men from within fifty
to^ tell of the desperate fight they made for twenty
miles before they were taken. Later, two more men
from higher tip the Republican were killed; a woman
taken from the house and outraged by a dozen sav-
ages in sight of her family; a man robbed and shot,
but not killed, and other outrages committed. This
spring bring3 a repetition of these horrors. On White
Rock a whole family is annihilated; three men are
killed; a boy shot and left for dead, but who revived
after the Indians left; and worse than all, a woman
carried ofi captive, tenfold more horrible than in-
stant death. On the same ground, a few days later,
a party were attacked and robbed of their teams, ana
narrowly escaped with their lives. These are but a
part of undisputed outrages on the settlers, and for a
strip of thirty miles the settlement is abandoned, and
homeless families are seeking bread and shelter all
up and down the valley. Within a few days I have
had a dozen applications for work from men drove
out from their homes by Indian hostilities—many
of them with no home for their families but the
wagon which carried them to a place of safety. You
sir-, was a pioneer in Kansas. Your fancy can tell
you their misery. The proofs of these outrages point
strongly to the Otoes and Pawnees as the guilty
parties—robbing and killing to the credit of Cheyenne
and Sioux. Cannot something be done to protect
these people; something worthy the name of protec-
tion, that shall not be a satire and burlesque on the
Government? A. B. WHITIKG.
Hon. E. G. Ross.
Previous to the war and during the first year
of its rise the commerce of the Plains in-
'volved a capital of not less than §100,000,000
per annum, employing thousands of men, and
was the means of building up prosperous com-
munities at the terminal as at the initial points
of the lines of communication. The pros-
perity of the Territories of New Mexico, Colo-
rado, and Montana, as of California, Oregon,
and Washington, was largely promoted and
sustained by this commerce.
Since that time, and under the hazards which
have attended that trade from the hostilities
of the Indians which inhabit the great Plains,
that great commerce has languished, until at
this time one quarter of the amount of wealth
then represented would be a liberal estimate
of the amount of capital involved, while life
as well a3 property is utterly unsafe on those
Plains outside the lines of an organized army.
For many years previous to the opening for
settlement of the Territories of Kansas and
Nebraska these hostilities were comparatively
unknown. It will be remembered that the
immense emigration across the Plains to Cali-
fornia in 1849 and subsequent years was with
comparative safety, so far as the Indians were
concerned, and the cause of this change in the
attitude of the Indian has become a pertinent
inquiry. Many and sage have been the hypoth-
eses upon which it has sought to be accounted
for. The reasons assigned have been various,
and partaken largely of the prejudices peculiar
to the diiferent localities of the country. In
the East, far removed from contact with the
wild Indian, utterly ignorant of his habits and
impregnated with the romantic fantasies of
novel writers, these nomads have been invested
with an heroic halo, and they represented as
fighting for their homes and the graves of their
fathers, &e., while the pioneer, who has been
serving as the advanced guard of civilization,
Christianity, and free government, who culti-
vates the soil, and fulfills the divine injunction,
to earn his bread by the sweat of his face, is
set down as the ruthless intruder upon the
sacred realms of these creations of the imagina-
tive novel reader.
On the other^ hand, and among those who
have felt the force of his terrible blows, the
Indian is regarded in directly the reverse light,
as the incarnation of ail that is devilish and
brutal, as a very wolf, whose utter destruction
is a work of humanity to our race and to the
world. To his wantonness and innate blood-
thirstiness have been attributed all bis acts
of violence upon the pioneer and his hostility
to ail trespasses upon his manorial hunting
grounds.
Both these hypotheses are, in my judgment,
mistaken. The real cause of these troubles
lies beyoad and deeper_thnn these—the sav-
age nature of the one. and the trespasses of
the other having nothing to do, as moving
causes with the case. Thev are merelv iuci-
