1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
707
simply say that the advantage of having troops
already acclimated is very great, as every gen-
tleman understands thoroughly. If you con-
fine it to the western States and Territories, the
men there are acclimated and you gain that
point at once. In the next place they will vol-
unteer on account of the interest they have in
their own homes and their own region of the
country. I apprehend that there will be no
great desire on the part of volunteers from the
State of New York or from New England to
go to the West to run the miserable chance
of being scalped by savages. I see no harm,
in confining the selection to our region of
country; and if this service should be any
advantage at all in a pecuniary point of view
to the soldier who may volunteer I would say
let those who are already in peril by their pres-
ent locality have an opportunity of filling these
companies and these regiments.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Iowa proposes to amend the amend-
ment, so as to make it read:
Thntfhe Secretary of War, under the direction of the
President, is hereby authorized to accept the services
of mounted volunteers from the Governors of the
several States and Territories, &c.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I suggest an amendment:
to add the words "without distinction of color."
[Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempoYe. That is not
now in order. -aft
The amendmen# thg amendment was
agreed to. * % .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas, [Mr. Ross,] as amended.
Mr. HENDERSON. I doubt very much the
propriety of adopting fhis amendment of my
friend from Kansas. As I stated before, it is
totally inconsistent with the view that we enter-
tain in the bill.- If the Senate intends to pass
the bill at all, I cannot for my life see the abso-
lute necessity of this amendment. I certainly
would not be willing to go further in this direc-
tion than to provide that if these commission-
ers shall fail to make peace with the Indians,
General Sherman, under the direction of the
President, may be authorized to call out troops.
I think there might be some reason in that.
But to pass a bill authorizing a commission to
make p$a,ce wilh the Indians, and then in the
same bill to add a provision for the raising of
four additional regiments in order to prosecute a
war, looks to me to be a little contradictory. I
cannot for my life set that the amendment is
at all consistent with the measure itself.
My friend from Iowa has proposed to amend
the amendment so as to have the troops raised
in every section of the country. What differ-
ence would that make? I can state to my
friend from Iowa that my opinion is that Colo-
nel Chivington will be the first man who will
be ready with his regiment under this pro-
vision. Colonel Chivington has already cost
us money enough, I may safely say not less
than $50,000,000. He was a candidate for
Congress, perhaps, at the time he committed
the massacre, and rendered himself exceedingly
popular, iu all probability, with a certain class
of people; and but for the anger aroused
throughout the country everywhere perhaps he
would have been elected on account of this
very great deed, on account of the glory that
he won at the Sand Creek massacre! I think
the probability is that if you adopt this amend-
ment in any shape whatever Colonel Chiving-
ton will be ready with his regiment, and instead
of making peace with the Indians the result
will be that we shall have further troubles. I
know that we can make no peace with such
men at the head of our military commands.
Two thirds of the present difficulty grows out
of the fact that lieutenants in the service have
issued orders that the Indians do not under-
stand. The Secretary of the Interior and the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs have protested
against these orders ; but their protest does no
good. I do not know really who is command-
ing in the Indian nation, whether the agents or
the military. We must, at the next session of
Congress, when we have a little more time,
attempt to get some order out of this confusion;
and I desire hereafter when an Indian war
occurs in this country to know who it is that
starts it; I desire to know from whence it
originates, and who is responsible. The truth
is, I do not want any war, except a defensive
war, with the Indians, unless it be by order of
the Secretary of War, or by order of the Pres-
ident of the United States, or by act of Con-
gress. If we must have wars, why not submit
the matter to Congress, and let us determine
whether we want an expenditure of millions of
money in order to carry on an inglorious, un-
profitable, and injurious war, injurious to our
trade, injurious to our business, and injurious
to our character.
I do not wish to reflect upon Colonel Chiving-
ton ; but I have made some examination into
the matter, and it is my honest belief that our
present difficulties are due in a great degree to
his act at the Sand Creek massacre, a thing
uncalled for, a thing unmerited on the part of
the Indians ; and in fact it was a deed com-
mitted upon them at a time when they were
under the pledge of the protection of the Uni-
ted States, for they had been brought there by
the order, not only of military commanders, but
of civilians, for the purpose of making peace—
an unparalleled butchery which necessarily
drove them into war; and I should have had
no respect for them if they had not gone to
war alter that, and nobody else would have
had. In fact it is one of the redeeming
qualities of the Indian that he does- go to war
after acts of that character. Now, that the
Indians commit depredations on the whites out
there, that they have committed a great many,
I do not deny ; but that they do it as tribes
until they are driven into it I am not disposed
readily to believe.
I doubt the policy of adopting this amend-
ment, and I submit to my friend from Kansas
whether it is really necessary. If it were abso-
lutely necessary for the protection of Kansas,
or Nebraska, or Colorado, or any part of that
section of country, I should be perfectly will-
ing to vote for it; but is it necessary? As I
understand, the President can enlarge the reg-
ular Army to any extent he desires; can he
not? He can fill up the regiment/j to a much
larger number than they now have.
Mr. GRIMES. He cannot increase the num-
ber of regiments.
Mr. HENDERSON. He cannot increase
the number of regiments, but he can increase
the number of men in the regiments.
Mr. GRIMES. A few.
Mr. HENDERSON. He can increase them
so as to enlarge the Army from fifty thousand
to about seventy-five thousand men. Am I
not correct?
Mr. EDMUNDS.. You are.
Mr. HENDERSON. He has that authority
already; and the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs has stated on the floor of
the Senate during this session that the Secre-
tary of War needs no further power in order
to carry on a war against the Indians; what-
ever is necessary he has now. If it becomes
material for him to increase the Army he
thinks he has sufficient authority and thinks
he has the'power to pay them. In view of
this, I cannot doubt that this amendment is
unnecessary. I should certainly be unwilling
to vote for it unless it were predicated upon the
hypothesis that this commission shall make an
earnest effort to make peace and then fail.
Only upon that condition would I consent that
the President should have authority to call out
volunteers. Indeed I do not think it would
be necessary then. The Secretary of ^\ar
says he needs nothing of this sort. II, how-
ever, the calling out of troops should become
essential, 1 for one am willing to pledge tlie
Senator from Kausa's that if in an emergency
troops are called out by the Governor of his
State no man will more willingly vote in favor
of paying them than I shall. Let them be
called out and paid and subsisted by the re-
spective States: let them be accepted by Gen-
eral Sherman, and let them be put in com-
mand of Federal officers. The State of Kansas
is rich enough to pay them for the time being.
In the State of Missouri we paid some seven
or eight million dollars during the war to de-
fend ourselves and drive the rebels back from
that State. We raised the troops by State
authority, put them under the command of
the Federal officers at St. Louis, and the State
raised the money to pay them. My friend
from Kansas lives in a rich, prosperous, thriv-
ing State, and certainly that State, through
her Governor, will be able to raise as many
troops as will be absolutely necessary to pro-
tect the border of the State. So in other
States in the West. There is no difficulty in
Colorado requiring troops to be raised. .The
difficulty is far this side of Colorado; in fact
there is no difficulty beyond Fort Wallace. But
if anything should be needed there the Gov-
ernor of the Territory can call out troops. They
have already done so in Montana. Whether
they have waged any war against Indians there
I do not know.
I do not deem this amendment at all neces-
sary. I think the better plan would be to pass
this bill as it is ; let this amendment go by the
board; and if it becomes absolutely essential
to raise troops the people in the western coun-
try are patriotic enough to raise as many as
may be needed to protect themselves, and if
they are not patriotic enough to do it they
surely will be driven to do it by self-interest
and for their own security. If troops must be
raised there, let them be put under the orders
of our military commanders, and then let the
Governor of the State send in the account and
we will audit it and pay it. That strikes me
to be the proper course. It seems to me quite
inconsistent indeed to have four or five sections
of a bill looking to peace with the Indians,
providing for the appointment of commission-
ers, and making appropriations for that pur-
pose, and then at the close of the bill to pro-
vide for raising an immense volunteer force to
engage in warlike operations against them.
Mr. ROSS. The Senator from Missouri pre-
supposes that these troops are going to be called
out by the President at all events. That, to
say the least, is a violent presumption. It does
not necessarily follow that because we author-
ize him in case of necessity to do it he is going
to do it anyhow.
There is another feature of the case which
renders it somewhat important that the amend-
ment should be adopted. General Sherman
has already called on the Governor of the
State of Kansas for eight companies of troops,
and four of them are now in the field, having
been mustered in at Fort Harker the day
before yesterday. General Sherman distinctly
says to the Governor, "I want your troops, but
I have not a dollar to pay them. You must
look to Congress for their pay." _ And unless
the bill contains a provision of this kind, there
is no authority on the part of anybody to pay
them. These men are poor; they cannot
afford to turn out and fight, not only for their
homesteads but for the protection of Govern-
ment property, and give their time for noth-
ing. They want some assurance that they
will get some recompense for their time while
protecting the Government property, the lines
of the Pacific railroad, and the lands which the
Government proposes to sell to the people for
money.
Sir, I see no better way of strengthening
this bill than by this very proposition. So far
as the inconsistency of putting a war proposi-
tion on a peace bill is concerned I do not see
that. Any man acquainted with the Indian
character knows very well thatthe most effect-
ual way to reach the Indian is by a manifesta-
tion of your power. You cannot reach hini
in any other way. Commissions may visit
him year after year for the next century, and
they "can do nothing with him unless there is
some manifestation of power which shows him
that there is a disposition and a force to com-
pel a strict observation of treaty stipulations
on his part.
