708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should regret
exceedingly if it should be the sense of the
Senate to adopt this amendment and put it on
this bill; first for the reason stated by_ my
honorable friend from Missouri, that it is
utterly inconsistent with the object of the bill,
and would defeat all that the friends of the
bill I think could reasonably expect from it;
and in the next place, I should regret it par-
ticularly for the consequences that I am sure
could not fail to come from such a proceeding.
I said on a former occasion all that I feel
justified in saying upon the general subject to
show that there was no necessity for strength-
ening the military arm of the Government
against thelndians, and I have no occasion to do
mor^than repeat now what General Sherman
emphatically says in one of his communica-
tions of a recent date, that there is no decent
pretext for a war with these Indians. In the
face of such a declaration as that from the
general commanding in the field, on the spot,
conversant with all the movements on both
sides, that this nation has no'decent pretext
whatever for war, you are asked to raise, four
regiments of volunteers on the border for the
purpose of prosecuting war.
Mr. THAYER. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator from Maine when was that report of Gen-
eral Sherman made from which that remark
was taken ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The report was
submitted to as at the last session.
Mr. THAYER. I think it was in Septem-
ber, 1866. General Sherman on that very
point recently complained to me of detached
portions of his dispatches being published,
extracts, sentences cut out from the context,
and spread abroad over the country. He com-
plained that that proceeding misrepresented
him and did great injustice. He spoke on that
very point, and said he did not intend to con-
vey any such impression as that at this time or
since the massacre of Fort Phil. Kearney.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. _ The date does
not become material to the point to which I am
addressing myself. It is the last utterance to
the country on the subject, and that is suf-
ficient. The last word he has spoken to the
country is that war will disgrace the nation.
There it stands on record.
Mr. ROSS. Allow me to say to the honor-
able Senator that the object of this proposition
is not to raise troops for the purpose of mak-
ing war.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It will come to
that.
Mr. ROSS. If I wanted to make war on the
Indians, I should ask for a great many more
regiments.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand it.
Mr. ROBS. It is simply for the protection
of the two lines of railroad and the frontier.
Four regiments would be a very small number
with which to make war.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have a word
to say about that. I am now addressing myself
to the question of the necessity of troops, of
strengthening the arm of the Government.
If I understand anything from the commanding
general in the field you cannot do it consist-
ently with your honor. - That is what he says;
you cannot contemplate war, and if you cannot
contemplate war, on what ground can you raise
troops ? Sir, there is no necessity for it. That
is my first answer, and this is the evidence, and
I submit whether it is not conclusive.
The next answer is one of a financial char-
acter. What is to be the expense of four regi-
ments of volunteers on the border put on a
footing with the regular Army ? Heaven only
knows. We do know this: that out of the war
of 1864 and 1865, as it is called, which turns
out to have been a bloody and atrocious mas-
sacre on our part, we have $40,000,000 as the
result. What is to be the result of a war now
on an extended scale if you enter upon it?
Who can tell the millions, the scores and hun-
dreds of millions that will necessarily come of
K there were no humanity or sense of jus-
tice in the country that of itself ought to be
sufficient with the declaration of the command-
ing general that he does not want it, and that
you cannot enter upon it with honor, and with
the utter silence of the War Department, who
have been interrogated on this subject to know
whether they wanted force, from which I have
a right to infer that they do not want it. My
honorable friend who has charge of Indian
affairs, and is the organ of that committee in
the Senate, had a resolution addressed to the
Secretary of War when we first met at this ses-
sion, asking him to communicate the facts in
regard to the Indian difficulties on the border,
and whether he wanted any aid from Congress.
He is silent on that subject. He has not an-
swered the resolution at all. There is not a
word from the commanding general, who is
here, and of course is cognizant of what is
going forward.
But, Mr. President, there is another reason
why I submit to my honorable friend from
Kansas. He ought not to urge the nation to
consider this question at the present time. I
can understand the solicitude which he feels ;
I can understand the interests which urge him
to make this proposition. Nay, sir, he has
disclosed the fact now that without authority
of law the Governor of his State has already
put into the field—I do not know what forcc,
but a military force to take protection into
their own hands.
Mr. POMEROY. Under the authority of
General Sherman ; he has accepted them.
Mr. MORRILL,' of Maine. If the military
power of this Government is to be strengthened
I submit that the only safe method to strengthen
it is through the regular Army. I object to the
employment of volunteers from the border. I
understand perfectly their expertness; I can
understand perfectly well that they may be
more familiar with the haunts of the Indians
than persons taken remote from there; but
there is a disqualifying fact that accompanies
the condition of the men of the border, which I
hope will admonish the Senate that they ought
not to put the defense even of the border, and
particularly the prosecution of war, if you are
to have war, into the hands of the men of the
border. C will illustrate this by a reference to
a fact which has become historical. In 1864
we had these border collisions with Indians, it
was said. There was the regular Army on the
border which was there to keep order, and
1hey had a force at Fort Lyon, on the Platte
river, I think. Colonel Chivington, however,
was at the head of a regiment recruited on the
border, border volunteers.
Mr. HENDRICKS. For my own informa-
tion I wish to ask the Senator one question,
whether those troops of Chivington were organ-
ized under a proclamation that was issued by
the Governor of Colorado directing the enlisted
men to make their own pay off the Indians ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My understand-
ing is that they were enlisted under a procla-
mation of the Governor; but as to the latter
fact in regard to which the Senator inquires I
do not know. There was the presence of the
Army of the United States, which was doing
its duty keeping order on the borders, and here
was a regiment of volunteers organized under
circumstances similar to> what are supposed by
the amendment of the honorable Senator from
Kansas. What was the result? The com-
mander at Fort Lyon had induced a portion
of the Indians to separate from the hostile
portion and to come into the neighborhood of
the fort over which he had command, receive
the protection of the Government, and to make
treaty stipulations forpeace. They came there,
men, women, and children, to the number of
some six hundred or seven hundred, encamped
within the military protection, and having the
word and faith of the Government for their
security. Colonel Chivington at the head of
his regiment arrived at the'fort, and was adver-
tised of this fact that these people were assem-
bled, men, women, and children, in that region
of country, and had the protection of the Gov-
ernment. What did he do ? In the night he
marched upon their encampment, reaching
there at early dawn; the Indians were sur-
prised ; he drew his regiment up in line for the
assault. The Indians raised the flag of the
United States and a white flag under it. The
chiefs put themselves in front to show them-
selves to Colonel Chivington's command. The
women and children were brought under the
American flag with a white flag run up; and
there, in the presence of the Sag, these men
were inspired with the spirit of demons by a
speech from Colonel Chivington, in which he
charged them to remember the outrages which
the Indians had perpetrated upon the border
settlements, and to "go in," and they went in
like savages, like devils, slaughtering men,
women, and children indiscriminately. But
more, the record shows that having murdered
in cold blood under these circumstances some
hundred men, women, and children, more
or less, in every instance they scalped not
only men, but women and children, and com-
mitted upon them such outrages and mutila-
tion of body that the details are too sickening
and disgusting to be detailed in open Senate.
Mr. President, I do not want to have that
scene repeated. When the honorable Senator
tells me that the Army of the United States is
not capable of defending the border, and that
they wish to take their defense into their own
hands, and to enlist men inspired by such pas-
sions and entertaining such sentiments, I hesi-
tate ; nay, sir, I- deprecate it altogether. With
the history and the record of these outrages
fresh in our memories, I admonish the Senate
that if they would not have the barbarities and
the atrocities of 1864 repeated, to confine the
defense of the border to the Army of the Uni-
ted States, and not give up the protection of
the border or the prosecution of war upon any
plea whatever to volunteer troops residing
there. I have the record here as to the trans-
action to which I have alluded. I hardly know
that it is worth while now to read it. There
are portions of it that I would not feel author-
ized to read; but I will read one answer of a
very intelligent witness to a question that was
put to him in regard to it:
"I can state, according to the received version,
that the command marehed at eight o'clock in the
evening from Port Lyon. They attacked the village,
which was thirty miles distant, and fired into it
about daylight. The Indians for a while made some
resistance. Some of the chiefs did not lift an arm,
but stood there and were shot down. One of them,
Black Kettle, raised the American flag and raised a
white flag. He was supposed to be killed, but was
not. They retreated right up the creek. They wore
followed up and pursued anA killed and butchered.
None denied that they were butchered in a brutal
manner and scalped and mutilated as bad as an
Indian over did to a white man. That is admitted
by the parties who did it. They were cut to pieces
in almost every manner and form."
And then follow details too sickening to be
road in open Senate. I protest, sir, if the
border is to be defended, let it be defended by
the regular Army, and do not call in this sort
of troops.
Mr. POMEROY. Before the vote is taken
on this amendment I would be glad to sug-
gest an amendment to it. I have supposed that
this bill was looking toward peace, and did not
contemplate the employment of force. I have
been an advocate of this bill, thinking it would
stop the war; and I did not suppose it was
intended to prosecute war by any provision in
this bill. I propose to amend the amendment
of my colleague by inserting the following
words, to precede its first section: "If said
commissioners fail to secure the consent of the
Indians to remove upon the reservations, then,''
and then will follow the words of my col-
league's amendment authorizing troops to be
raised. If the commission shall fail and the
Government must prosecute war, it may then
be well enough and' expedient to raise volun-
teers ; but I am exceedingly anxious that this
effort to secure peace should not fail. It is of
the utmost importance to us in the western
country that peace be at,once secured. 1 think
it can be secured by removing the hostile In-
dians, with their consent. I regard this as only
a temporary measure. This bill is designed to
allay this war temporarily, to get through with
