710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
are named, and some Indian traders whose
names I see at the end of the list. I ana not
personally particular who go, but this amend-
ment is in accordance with my judgment of
what is wisdom in the premises.
Mr. TIPTON. I think if we are not to take
the list of commissioners as already indicated
in the bill, it would be better to leave it blank
entirely, and let the whole commission be
appointed by the President of the U nited States.
The men of the border States then would
have an opportunity of making at least recom1
mendations; and I do think that a man so emi-
nently qualified as Beauvais is supposed to be,
speaking the Sioux language fluently and well,
not being included in the amendment of the
Senator from Iowa, should have a chance, and
I want the bill left in such a shape that we can
use influence in behalf of such a man, if we
can get his recommendations considered by the
President. I would rather have it blank, there-
fore, than filled in the way indicated either by
the chairman of the committee or the Senator
from Iowa.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not think the
amendment ought to be adopted. My im-
pression is that the commissioners named in the
bill are the very best men who can possibly be
selected. I feel, of course, very grateful to
tho Senator from Iowa for what he has said
in behalf of myself; but there is scarcely a
man whom I have named in the bill upon this
commission who is not better qualified than I
possibly can be to discharge this duty. Again,
it is a duty that ought to be performed imme-
diately. Of course I will not say that I can-
not attend to it if it be imposed upon me ; but
it would be exceedingly difficult for me to
undertake a trip of this sort at present; and
with so small a commission as the Senator
from Iowa proposes, it would be absolutely
necessary for me to go with them and be with
them, if I were one of them. I think the
military men who have been engaged in this
war ought to be upon the commission. The
President, if the matter be left to hiin, may
select other officers, and I am not sure that
any of the men whom I have named will be
left in the commission.
I will state further that one of the very best
commissioners we can possibly select—a man
who ought not to be left off tho commission—
is John B. Sanborn. According to my friend's
proposition he will not be included. He knows
more about this matter than any man I have
yet been able to talk with. He is better
acquainted with this whole question than any
gentleman I have met with, not excepting the
officers who are immediately charged with the
duty of conducting Indian affairs.
It i.s true that Mr. Bent, whose name is in
tho bill, is an old Indian trader; and he speaks
the Cheyenne and the Arapaho language as
well as any Indian chief among them, is per-
fectly familiar with it, and I understand the
Indians have great confidence in him. So it
is with Kit Carson, who also speaks the lan-
fuage. I inserted Mr. Beauvais's name because
knew he was perfectly familiar with the Sioux
language, all the dialects spoken among the
Sioux or Dakota nation. The commission
that my friend from Iowa suggested will be
utterly unable to converse with any of the In-
dians, though of course interpreters might be
sent with them. But will it not be better to
have men who are familiar with them, who
speak well their language, on the commission
—men who can therefore speak with authority?
It seems to me that the objection which my
friend urged yesterday, that the President ought
to be authorized to appoint all the officers; has
been done away with by an amendment made
this morning in the twelfth line, which perhaps
he did not notice at the time, inserting the
words "underthe direction of the President,"
which removes any constitutional objection, if
any there were. I do not think there were,
but if any existed they are certainly removed
by the insertion of those words. I think that
perhaps the very best commission that can be
aerectted is already selected by the bill. If you
adopt the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa, the President may select any military
officers he pleases, and I think it exceedingly
doubtful whether I could undertake the duty
which it is proposed to devolve on me.
Mr. RAMSEY. I agree with the Senator
from Missouri, that one of the most useful men
on such a commission would be John B. San-
born. He has had much experience in Indian
affairs. He is a man of excellent judgment,
and an active man. He would be in every
way useful on such a commission ; no man in
the country, more so; and I should consider
it a very great loss to tho object which the
committee and Congress have in view in creat-
ing this commission if his name were omitted ;
and I respectfully suggest to the Senator from
Iowa that he add. his name to the other names
mentioned in the amendment. Indeed, I shall
move that myself as an amendment to the
proposition of the Senator from Iowa. I pro-
pose to insert the name of Mr. Sanborn.
Mr. TIPTON. In regard to the nomination
of Mr. Sanborn, I will say that all we ask is
an impartial commission, and I understand he
is already committed against us. He has
expressed an opinion on the subject.
Mr. RAMSEY. The business of the com-
mission is simply to manage to quiet the In-
dians, and select a proper reservation on which
to locate them.
Mr. NYE. A remark was made a moment
ago by the Senator from Nebraska, the mean-
ing of which I should like to know. He says
that he understands Mr. Sanborn is "commit-
ted against us." What does that mean?
Mr. TIPTON. I take it for granted that no
man should be placed upon this commission
who has prejudged this case. When I hear
among Senators and others that a particular
gentleman has been expressing opinions on
this subject, and coming to the conclusion that
there is no special trouble, no necessity for
prosecuting this matter, I take it for granted
that he has so far prejudged the ease that lie,
is not prepared to consider the question in all
its length and breadth. When you send men
to negotiate with the Indians we want to have
men who have not been discussing this ques-
tion as publicly as some of these gentlemen
have. That is what I mean.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose the question has
been duly considered by my colleague, who has
proposed this amendment; but it is well
enough for the Senate to consider it, whether
or not we have the power to create this office of
commissioner and then to appoint members of
Congress to fill the office. We have a clause
in the Constitution which expressly declares
that no member of Congress shall hold any
office created during the term for which he was
elected. I suppose this is an office created by
this bill, as much so as if we used the term
"office" instead of the term "commission."
Mr. HARLAN. I will say in reply to my
colleague's suggestion that I think the amend-
ment as proposed does not involve the diffi-
culty which he suggests. It authorizes the
President to appoint a commission to consist of
three officers of the Army not below the rank
of brigadier general, who (together with the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and the chair-
man of our committee) shall proceed to
negotiate with the Indians. The commission
will consist of tho three men appointed by the
President.
The PRESIDENT pro tan/pore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Minnesota to the amendment of the
Senator from Iowa.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
^Mr. HOWARD. There is nothing in this
bill requiring this board of commissioners to
report to any particular branch of tho Govern-
ment. In order to impose that requirement I
offer the following amendment as a new sec-
tion :
. And be it further enacted, That the said commis-
sioners report their doings under this act to the
President of the United States, including all such
treaties and all correspondence, as well as evidence
by them taken.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HOWE. I desire to have a separate
vote taken on the amendments which were
agreed to in the second and third sections.
ThePRESIDENTprotempore. Theamend-
ments referred to by the Senator from Wiscon-
sin will be excepted from the general vote of
concurrence. The question now is on con-
curring in the residue of the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendments were concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
reserved amendments will now be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment to the
second section, which was to strike out all after
its enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof
the following:
That said commissioners are required to examine
and select districts of country lying north of the State
of Nebraska and west of the Missouri river, of suffi-
cient area to receive all the Indian tribes now occu-
pying territory east of the Rocky mountains and
north of the Platte river and the btate of Iowa, not
now peacefully residing on permanent reservations
under treaty stipulations, in which districts there
shall be tillable and grazing land to enable the said
tribes respectively to support themselves by agricul-
tural and pastoral pursuits. Said districts, when so
selected, and the selections approved by Congress,
shall be and remain permanent homes lor the said
Indians to be located thereon; and no person not
members of said tribes shall ever be permitted to
enter thereon without the permission of the tribe
interested, except officers and employes of the Uni-
ted States; Provided, That said districts shall be so
located as not to interfere with the traveled high-
ways located by the authority of the United States,
and the probable route of the Northern Pacific rail-
road.
Mr. HOWE. I was not in the Senate when
the vote was taken upon adopting that amend-
ment. I did not suppose the bill would
come up-until one o'clock, and I was occu-
pied outside. I would not raise the ques-
tion again if I were not firmly convinced
that it is just as idle to send this commission
out there under the instructions contained in
those two amendments as it would be to send
them to Japan with a view of negotiating a
peace with these same tribes. The amend-
ment instructs these commissioners to make
peace with these Indians only in one way, and
that is by negotiating with the northern hos-
tile bands to agree to be shut up within the
territory described there, between the forty-fifth
and the forty-third degrees of latitude, and
between the Missouri river and the Powder
river.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will allow
me, the amendment, if it should be adopted
in the Senate as it was in Committee of the
Whole, prescribes different limits. The dis-
trict of country may be selected at any place
west of the Missouri river, north of Nebraska
and east of the Rocky mountains.
Mr. HOWE. But it must not interfere with
located highways, one of which I understand
to be by the Powder river. Therefore I sup-
pose it must be east of that.
Mr. HARLAN. It may bo west of it.
Mr. HOWE. If it had been suggested that
any point could be selected west of the Pow-
der river I should have thought of that expe-
dient, but hitherto tho whole discussion has
turned upon giving them a location upon the
White Earth, the Little Missouri, and the Big
Cheyenne rivers. Now, there is not only one
road built running right along to the south of
that country, and another located running to
the north of it, but it is traversed by four pub-
lic highways, located by the Congress of the
United States, and to which they appropriated
$150,000 two years ago : one running up the
Niobrara river, one running up the valley of
the Cheyenne itself, another running up from
the mouth of the Big Sioux river to the mouth
of the Cheyenne river, and another running
from the western boundary of Minnesota across
to the mouth of the Cheyenne river—four high-
