712
fIB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
mission among them to confer with them, to
ascertain what the evils are, and it would cost
us very little to apply the proper remedy by
way of legislation. I shall therefore vqte to
non-concur in the amendment made in Com-
mittee of the Whole in regard to the second
section, and if the proposition is made to sub-
stitute for it the amendment of the Senator
from "Wisconsin, I shall vote for that as being
the less of two evils.
Before I sit down, let me say one word }n
reply to some of the remarks of the honorable
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Morrill,] made
yesterday. He seems to entertain the idea,
whence derived I know not, that the whole
course of policy of the United SStates toward
the Indian tribes has been one of oppression,
wrong, and injustice. Indeed, he character-
izes it by a far severer term, and he says that
it has been a mere robbery of the Indian; that
we have driven the Indian from one point to
another, first toward the West, now from the
West, and that we are finally cooping up his
tribes in the center of the continent, and that
our purpose is his ultimate extinction and
extermination. Sir, it is not necessary for me
to vindicate the character and policy of the
Government of the United States against so
serious an imputation as this; and I will con-
tent myself by simply saying that, according
to my reading of the history of our relations
with the Indians, there are very few cases in
which the United States have been in the
wrong.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
misapprehended me if he supposed I said it
was the purpose of the Government to adopt
a policy for tlie extinction of the Indian. What
I said was, that its policy in the past and the
.present tended to his extinction.
_Mr. HOWARD. I accept the correction,
with this observation : that it is to bo presumed
the Congress of the United States and the
Government of the United States legislate and
act with their eyes open, and that they must
be cognizant of the tendency of their own
measures; they must know what their meas-
ures tend to establish or to produce.
Now, sir, 1^ deny that the Indian has been
driven from his hunting grounds, if by the word
"driven," so often used by the honorable
Senator from Maine, lie means any act of
injustice^ The American people have, from
time to time, from the earliest period of their
colonial history down to the present moment,
acquired the Indian territory by honest pur-
chase. They have paid the Indian his own
price for his land, and have obtained his title
of occupancy by the payment of money or by
the delivery of such articles of property as
the Indian preferred. The necessities of the
Indian have constrained him to make these
sales. Why? Because from the very habits
which he has adopted, from his mode of life,
his tastes, and, in short, his savage condition,
he has been obliged to part with his posses-
sions in order to obtain subsistence and to pre-
serve body and soul together. He has been
obliged to sell his land to the white man.
Was it a crime in the white man that he had
been raised in a different state; that his habits
were different; that he supported himself and
his family by means of agriculture and the
mechanical arts? Was it a crime that he was
thus raised ? No,- sir, it was no crime, unless
you condemn the civilization of which we
boast. The necessities of the Indian have
constrained him to sell. It is this same neces-
sity that now constrains him to sell. He must
sell his lands in order to obtain subsistence,
and if he sells, he must sell necessarily to the
white man, who acquires his lands for the pur-
pose of agriculture and other purposes of civ-
ilized life. This has been the course of events.
This will continue to be the course of events
so long as there_ is an Indian tribe upon the
face of the continent, and there is no way to
prevent it, unless we can address to the Indian
some inducements that will lead him voluntarily
to abandon Us savage habits and resort to
those of civilization. Can you invent any such
persuasion? I say, as I said yesterday, the
ingenuity, the humanity, the philosophy, the
religion of this country for the last two hun-
dred years has failed to bring about a result
which I admit is most desirable, if it were attain-
able ; but, sir, it is not attainable.
I think, therefore, that the Indian must sub-
mit to his destiny, and that our duty in regard
to him is to preserve his life and his existence
by observing justice toward him, treating him
kindly, treating him fairly, and by no means
looking to schemes of extermination or cruelty.
He must go the way of all the earth. He is the
weaker party, and his habits of life, his social
system, his governmental,system will render
him and keep him forever the weaker party, and
he must abide his fate, although it may produce
a thousand such eloquent speeches as we lis-
tened to yesterday from the Senator from Maine.
The truth stands out broadly and prominently,
that the object of the honorable Senator, judg-
ing from the past history of the two races, is
.absolutely a chimera. I wishit were otherwise,
but I must recognize existing facts.
In making these remarks I certainly do not
intend to deny that the efforts of philanthro-
pists have done much occasionally to mitigate
and to improve the condition of the Indian.
In my own State these experiments have been
attended with rather unusual success, a,nd .we
have at the present time, I am very happy to
say, some four or five thousand Indians within
the_ limits of my State who have abandoned
their tribal connections and their barbarous
habits and resorted to the arts of civilization,
and are actually at this time voters and citi-
zens of that State. It is one of the happiest
results that I am able to put my finger upon
anywhere in the United Stales. But that is
not the general fact in regard to the Indian
tribes. The general truth is the reverse of
that.
I hope that the second section willbe stricken
out, and that we shall confine ourselves to
sending a peaceful mission among the Indians
to ascertain the ground of their complaints,
and then it will be time enough for us to apply
the proper remedy.
Mr. HARLAN. It is not my purpose to enter
into a discussion of the Indian policy of the
Government, but to say a few words in rela-
tion to the point suggested by the Senators
from Michigan and Wisconsin. The Senator
who has just resumed his seat says he is in favor
of sending out a commission to ascertain what
the grievances may be of which the Indians
complain. Sir, we know what the grievances
are; and if the Senator is not very well posted
upon this subject, he can obtain valuable inform-
ation by going to the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, where the records of the Government
in regard to it are kept.
A short time ago, less than two years I think,
we made a treaty with the Arapahoes and Chey-
ennes. In negotiating that treaty no less than
three of the men now named by the Committee
on Indian Affairs served as commissioners,
and the Government in that treaty allowed the
southern Cheyennes and Arapahoes to occupy
the territory over which the southern branch
of the Pacific railroad has since been located
by a subsequent act of Congress. At that time
the territory was open. The southern branch
of the railroad, usually called theKansasbranch,
was located up the Republican river and was to
intersect the main branch on the one hundredth
parallel, leaving this country all open. It has
been the buffalo region or the hunting ground
for these Arapahoes and Cheyennes time out
of mind. They would not agree to give it up,
and for the purpose of making peace with them
the commissioners agreed in the treaty that
they might pursue the buffalo across the Ar-
kansas up into these Plains during the summer
months of the year. They have done so, and
they have met there thousands of men laboring
on a railroad right across the territory we gave
them. That is the reason of the difficulty with
the southern Arapahoes and Cheyennes.
The origin of the difficulty with the northern
Cheyennes and Sioux has been stated over and
over again by other Senators. In violation of
what they understood to be their rights under
previous treaties made with them, the Govern-
ment attempted to locate a military road across
their country, and to erect posts and fortifica-
tions. They objected to this for more reasons
than one, because it drove away the game, and
because it brought in a population which they
did not deem calculated to. promote their
interests and welfare. I do not now desire to
enter into that subject, but everybody who is
familiar with it knows that a soldiery located
in the immediate vicinity of an Indian tribe
tend to demoralize them, for reasons perhaps
we could not without blushing describe. The
Indians know this as well as we do, and they
did not desire to have forts erected within the
heart of their hunting grounds, where they
lived and brought up their families. This was
the original reason of the difficulty with the
southern Cheyennes and Arapahoes and the
Sioux that are now at war. There is not a
large number of these people.
This brings me to the objection suggested by
the Senator from Wisconsin. He says that
there is not a district of country north of
Nebraska large enough on which to locate
these Indians properly without interfering with
wagon-roads and railroads. Why, sir, accord-
ing to the best accounts that we can get, there
are less than ten thousand of them, and it is
an immense country, an empire, territorially
speaking, west of the' Missouri river, east of
the Rocky mountains, and north of Nebraska;
and if this bill be permitted to remain as it
now is this commission may roam over the
whole country and locate them on the north
side or the south side or the east or west side
of any one of these roa'ds. I do not doubt but
that there is country there large enough to
support these Indians by their usual pursuits.
But then it may happen that they cannot live
as well afterward as before, if they are not per-
mitted to roam down south on to the Platte
and the Arkansas rivers; but they will see to
this. When this commission meets there they
will talk over the amount of supplies that will
be cut off by their giving up their district of
country. They know the number of buffalo
and elk they take in this region from year to
year, and they know what will be necessary to
supply the amount of which they are thus
robbed; and they will be careful to stipulate
for indemnity. Doubtless they will require that
a few thousand head of cattle and a few hun-
dred or thousand barrels of flour shall be given
them from year to year in lieu of the supplies
that they will be deprived of by such a contin-
gency.
The Senator from Michigan seems to be
laboring under the delusion that these Indians
can remain there in a condition of peace if
they would agree to preserve the peace. Why,
sir, it is an impossibility now. There are
three great lines of travel across this region of
country, the railroad leading from Omaha
westward, and that from the mouth of the
Kansas river up the Smoky Hill fork of the
Republican river, and the great wagon-road to
Sante F6. It would be, in my opinion, a lit-
eral impossibility to preserve the Indians who
roam over the country traversed by these great
lines of travel. The policy of the committee
seems to be, and I approve it most heartily,
to remove those Indians peaceably if possible,
but if that is not possible, then by force, north
and south of this strip of country. We shall
have to come to it sooner or later. They
believe, and so do I, that it can be done peace-
fully; that we can enter into negotiations and
agree with them what they will receive as
indemnity for the loss they will sustain by giv-
ing up this country; and hence I hope that
the amendments agreed to in Committee of the
Whole may be adopted by the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. Just five words more. The
issue between the Senator from Iowa and my-
self is this: he insists that this commission can
find a location for these Indians within the
limits described in his amendment. My opin-
ion is right the reverse of thatbut I do not
