1867.
Til® CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
713
ask the Senate to take my opinion. I only
ask that the Senate shall not act upon his opin-
ion, but refer the whole matter withoat any
restrictions to the ^commission. If they find
such a location that they can negotiate with
the Indians better for, then they can negotiate
and there they wiil put them. I would just as
lief that they should all be put on that section
. of country as any other if they can b^put there.
But if you send the commission out"under the
restrictions contained in the Senator's amend-
ment, and they find that they cannot negotiate
for a location there, then the commission has
utterly failed, is powerless; the negotiation is
at an end; for they must do that specific thing
or nothing. If you send them out under the
instructions as I have drawn them, then if you
cannot suit them there they can look else-
where. That is the issue between the Senator
and myself.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator, if I under-
stand his proposition, proposes to have but one
district of country provided for these Indians,
which shall be either south or north, and that
they shall all be persuaded to go to the one
country or to the other, or compelled as a last
resort. That is objectionable practically on this
account: those that have heretofore lived north
cannot be induced without great difficulty to go
south some seven or eight hundred miles, I be-
lieve nearly a thousand miles, from their old
homes where their aw-"^!ors have lived for
hundreds of years. The Committee on Indian
Affairs propose to leave them on a part of the
very country on which they and their ancestors
have been living time out of mind, contemplat-
ing a great difficulty in securing their removal
south. If you attempt it by force you will have
to catch them first, which will be as difficult as
to catch the wolves. They propose to send the
southern Cheyennes and southern Arapahoes
south, where they live a large part of the year.
In this way they will avoid a conflict with the
civilized Indians now residing in the Indian Ter-
ritory, because under the old treaties with these
Indians they have agreed to aid the United
States in controlling the wild tribes ; they have
agreed to do so in the more recent treaties, and
if we compel these Indians to live on their bor-
ders, it violates 110 agreement that we have
heretofore made with them. But the very mo-
ment we attempt to send down wild and savage
tribes of Indians from the north, the sixty thou-
sand Indians now living in the Indian Territory
will be disquieted, and probably make us more
trouble and difficulty and occasion a greater
expenditure of the public treasure than will be
occasioned by the war now existing.
We must look at these things practically.
Theoretically, it might be very well to send
them all down south 011 to that beautiful land,
for it is an excellent country; bnt we know
practically, I suppose, everybody who has
looked into the subject closely knows, that the
northern Indians probably cannot be induced
to go down there. They have lived on the
buffalo, the elk, the antelope, the deer, the
vegetable products of that country, and the fish
of the streams for century after century, aud
they are as much attached to their homes as
we are to ours. Now, the committee propose
merely to confine them to a limited district of
country, and then of course to pay them what
may be necessary to enable them to live, if
they are unable to live afterward by their
usual pursuits.
Mr. HOWE. Now, Mr. President, mark
how plain a tale shali put that down. The
Senator assumes, and asks the Senate to be-
lieve, that these northern Indians cannot be
induced to go south, nor the southern Indians
to go north. In the very last treaty the Gov-
ernment negotiated with the Cheyennes, there
was a band of about eighteen hundred pro-
tcstants among them who did not agree to the
treaty. What did thev do ? These are south-
ern Indians. The treaty provided for their
going south aud being located there. They
went south; but these eighteen hundred who
did not agree to that treaty did go north, and
tlKy an. now allied with the Sioux Indiana
who are waging these hostilities from the north.
So there is no such reluctance to go in the one
direction or the other; but if the Senator makes
a point of fact that I have provided for one
district he can make it two or three districts.
I think they are precisely the same kind of
men, and there is no more difficulty in this
cage than in that. The southern Indians are
located in the neighborhood of this Indian
Territory. There is no other disturbance be-
tween them. I assume that putting nine thou-
sand more there would not create any disturb-
ance ; but if they cannot go there let them all
go north ; or if the Senator insists that there
shall be or may be or ought to be two districts
or three districts instead of one, as I think,
then 1 have no objection to altering this to the
plural, and let the commission select there a
a district or districts, and let the commission
have authority when they get out there to do
what they find it is best to do, not restrict
them within such terms as induce me to believe
that they cannot negotiate at all.
Mr. HENDERSON. I rise not to discuss
this question but simply to appeal to the Sen-
ate to let us have a vole. If we desire to set-
tle this difficulty, let us adopt this plan and see
if we can settle it. The proposition of tlie Sen-
ator from Wisconsin is simply the proposition
he offered yesterday when the bill was in Com-
mittee of the Whole. Our proposition is to
close the difficulties with the Indians. Suppose
that when the commission go out there we can
close them by having two localities to remove
them to ; suppose the Sioux Indians do not
wish to go south and the Cheyenne Indians do
not wish to go north, the commission can set-
tle the matter under the bill as it now stands.
But if the proposition of my friend from Wis-
consin be adopted, vve must drive them all
to one locality and we must have but one
locality; and if it does not meet the favor of
the two several tribes or three or four tribes,
if they are unwilling to get upon the same
reservation, then of course the commission
will fail of the object intended by the bill.
The Senator ought to remember another
fact: suppose that the commission shall recom-
mend but one reservation, as they will have
the right to do, or suppose they recommend
two or three, under the amendments as they
now stand it is left in the power of the Senate
to adopt the one, two, or three as it may choose
when the report comes in. The commission
must certainly report to Congress; and when
that report comes before us it will be within
our discretion to adopt these suggestions or
not; we can take one of these reservations, we
can take two, or we can take three. Is it not
better to have the privilege on the part of the
commission of selecting several localities ?—be-
cause it may conduce to the pacification of the
Indians. 1 think therefore we had better take
the amendments as they are now. And I hope
we shall have a vote and lot the bill go to the
House of Representatives.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator had not made
another argument 1 would not have objected
to a vote ; or if in making that argument he
had not represented my amendment as so
essentially different from what it is. First he
undertakes to tell the Senate that it is precisely
what I introduced yesterday, and which the
Senate rejected. It differs as broadly from
that as is possible for two propositions to
differ. In that proposition I asked the Senate
to instruct the commissioners to provide for
all these men within the Indian Territory.
Now I simply propose to ask that the com-
mission shall provide for them within the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. HENDERSON. But on one reservation.
Mr. HOWE. But I do not insist that they
should selectbut one reservation; for I expressly-
told the Senate that if that was objectionable
I would put it in the plural, so that they would
have authority to select a district or districts:
but I do not wish them to be so tied up as that
when they get out there they may find they
cannot negotiate at all.
The Senator says, and bays truly, they have
got to report their doings here, and if we do
not like what they agree to we can reject it.
Very true; but how will the question stand
before us? They go out under these instruc-
tions, which require them to provide for one
portion of the Indians in one part of the
country within narrow limits, and for another
portion in another part, and they do so feeling
obliged to do so under our instructions, and
they come back here. How shall we object? It
will be said to us at once,"If you do not agree
to this arrangement there is a war on your
hands." But if you give them now full dis-
cretion to go out and make the best provision
for the Indians and the cheapest one for the
Government without this territorial restriction,
then when they come back here you cannot
urge that argument. Now I am willing to have
a vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HOWE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 6 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cole, Cottkling, Davis,
Grimes, Harlan, Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson,
Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Ram-
sey, Ross. Sherman, Thayer, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Wade, Willey, Wjlson, and Yates—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Chandler, Frelinghuy-
sen, Howard, Howe, and Sprague—6.
ABS-ENT—Messrs.JBayard, Cameron, Cattell, Con-
ness, Corbett, Cragin, Dixon, Doolittle, Drake, Ed-
munds, Ferry, Fessenden, J?owler, Guthrie, Morrill
of Vermont^ Morton, Norton, Salisbury, Stewart,
Sumner, Tipton, and Williams—22.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The next
reserved amendment made as in .Committee
of the Whole is in the third section, after the
word " including" in the fourth line, to strike
out the residue of the section and i^ lieu of
the part stricken out to insert:
That part of the present Indian Territory ceded to
the United States for the use of other Indian tribes,
or such part of it as may be necessary, and which,
under existing treaties, can be so appropriated, to-
gether with such other adjacent territory as may be
suitable to constitute a permanent home for such
Indians as now inhabit south of the Platte and east
of the Rocky mountains and Pceos river, not peace-
fully residing on permanent reservations under treaty
stipulations, which territory when so defined and
approved by Congress shall not be entered upon or
settled in any manner, escept by consent of the tribes
interested, by any person other than members of
such tribes and officers and employes of the United
States.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HOWE. Is it in order now to move
to amend the bill by striking out the second
and third sections and putting in a substitute?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I suppose
that is in order.
Mr. HOWE. Then I move to strike out the
second and third sections and to substitute what
I send to the Chair, and I will take a vote on
it without any further argument.
The words proposed to be inserted were read,
as follows:
That said commissioners are required to examine
and selcet a district or districts of country having
sufficient area to receive all the Indian tribes now
occupying territory east of the Rocky mountains not
now peacefully residing on permanent reservations
under treaty stipulations, to which the Government
has the right of occupation or to which said commis-
sioners can obtain the right of occupation, and in
which district or districts there shali bo sufficient
tillable or grazing land to enable the said tribes
respectively to support themselves by agricultural
and pastoral pursuits. Said district or districts wh en
so selected, and the selection approved by Congress,
shall be and remain permanent homes for said
Indians to be located thereon, and no person not
members of said tribes shall ever be permitted to
enter thereon without the permission of the tribes
interested, except officers and employes of the United
States: I'rovided, That the district or districts .-hall ,
be so located as not to interfere with travel 011 high-
ways located by authority of the "United States, nor
with the route of tlie Northern Pacific railroad.
Mr. HOWARD called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered : and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 11, nays 24 : as follow s:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew,Cattell, Chand-
ler, Cole, Edmunds, Frelinghuyscu, Howard, Howe,
Itamsor, and Wade—11.
Mos^r?. Conktin'r, Davi \ Fowler, iirmes
Harlan, Henderson, Hendricks, J  liiisoa,
Morrill of Manic, Xyo, Pa'.teaou oi ii .nip-
