714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
shire, Pomeroy, Boss, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner,
Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey, Wil-
son, and Yates—24.
absent—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Conness, Cor-
bett, Cragm, Dixon, Doolittle, Drake, Fcrry, Fossen-
den, fiuthrie, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norton,
Patterson of Tennessee, Saulsbury, Stewart, and Wil-
liams—18.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should lite to have the
first section read for the information of the
Senate as it now stands amended.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That the President of the United States be, and he
is hereby,authorized to appoint a commission to con-
sist of three officers of the Army not below the rank
of brigadior general, who, together with N. G. Tay-
lor, Commissioner of Indian Affairs, John B. Hen-
derson and William Windom, chairmen of the Com-
mittees on Indian Affairs of the Senate and Houseof
Itepresentatives, and John B. Sanborn, shall hare
power and authority to call together the chiefs and
head men of such bands or tribes of Indians as are
now waging war against the United States, or com-
mitting depredations upon the people thereof, to
ascertain the alleged reasons tor their acts of hostil-
ity, and in their discretion, under the direction of
the President, to make and eonolude with said bands
or tribes such treaty stipulations for tho action of the
Senate, as may remove all just causes of complaint
on their part, and at the same time establish security
for person and property along tho lines of railroad
now being constructed to the Pacific and other thor-
oughfares of travel to the western Territories, and
such as will most likely insure civilization for the
Indians and peace and safety for the whites.
The bill was prdered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. YATES. I had not intended to say
anything oil this bill, and I do not intend now
to say more than a very few words, and I hope
they will provoke no reply. I think they are
necessary under the circumstances. My atten-
tion" has just been called to some remarks
which were made by the honorable Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Mobbill,] in relation to
certain expressions that were made use of by
a distinguished general of the Army, General
Pope, l did not happen to be present when
those remarks were made or I should have
replied to them at the time.
The honorable Senator from Maine seems to
characterize tho expressions of General Pope
as a high cnmc or misdemeanor, or something
for which ho should be cashiered by the Gov-
ernment of tho United States and deprived of
his office. Sir, as I know General Pope to have
been one of the most effective and one of the
mostskillfuland patriotic generals of the Army,
one who won as much distinction in the late
war as any other general, and I feel that it is
due to him and due from me as his friend and
as representing here in part the State from
which he comes, to say a few words in response
to what the honorable Senator from Maine has
said upon this subject.
What is tho offense of General Pope ? On
looking into the facts of the case it will appear
that Ueneral Pope, instead of having commit-
ted any offense for which he should be arraigned
by the Senator from Maine, has only said that
in a former communication he warned the Gov-
ernment of (he United States, or the General
in command of the Army, that this Indian war
was inevitable, that there was no reliance to be
placed upon the treaties which are made by tho
Indians with this Government, saying in that
respect nothing more than the honorable Sen-
ator himself said half a dozen times in the
course of his own speech. lie told us that the
conduct of this Government toward the Indians
had been inhuman and barbarous; in cffect that
we had not kept our treaties of peace. General
Pope only gave a warning to the Government
that this same policy would be continued.
The Senator quoted from General Pope's
report, in which he said that the eommissi n-
eis knew when they made these treaties, and
agreed that the whites should not go into the
Indian Territory, that these promises would
not !-e kept. Sir, I say they did know it-
General Pope told the truth. Every one
knows that fact; the Government knows it;
the honorable Senator from Maine knows it;
He knows that such promises have never been
kept. General Pope's offense is in having
stated that fact.. The honorable Senator him-
self makes the same charge against the Gov-
ernment of the United States when he speaks
of its inhumanity and its barbarity to the In-
dians. General Pope was warning the Gov-
ernment against this war, which was inevitable.
He told the simple truth when he said that the
commissioners who made these treaties knew
well that such a promise would not be kept.
The Senator from Maine knows well that what-
ever treaties we make with the Indians we can-
not stay the advance tide of population on its
westward way.
The Senators who have spoken have said
as much. They have said that these tribes
were barbarous; that they were roving tribes;
that they will not stay in any fixed locality;
that the whites must have this territory; that
the whites must occupy this territory west;
and General Pope's offense is that he said the
commissioners who made these treaties knew
that such would be the case. Sir, he knew
well, as the honorable Senator knows, that
when one of these six-footer pioneers from the
pine hills of Maine goes out West in the neigh-
borhood of an Indian tribe and wants Indian
territory he will go there and occupy that ter-
ritory. He has done it from the beginning of
the Government down to the present time.
I say, then, General Pope has committed no
offense. I agree with him that the policy of
the Government as to the Indians has been
wrong. T will not enter into that subject now.
I will simply say that the Indians should never
have been treated as owning the land. They
never did own the land. No man lias a right
to own land who will not work it. The Gov-
ernment should never have treated them as
owning the land; but as barbarous, roving
tribes, it was the duty of the Government to
treat them with that Christian humanity and
consideration which was due to their condition.
What the tru-e policy is I do not pretend
now to indicate. I rose simply to say that
whatthehonorableSenator from Maine charges
as a crime, as an offense upon the part of Gen-
eral Pope, should go to his highest credit. It
is a merit in him. He predicted this war;,
the war is now upon us according to his pre-
diction. His warnings were unheeded. These
treaties have not been kept, and will not be
kept. White men will not keep out of the
Indian country whatever treaties you may
make, and Senators all around say they ought
not, and should not, and will not be kept out
of that territory. But if the Senator says that
General Pope has not done his duty as an
officer of the Government in this war, or any
other war, to the best of his knowledge and
ability, then I call upon him for tho proof.
Where are the facts ? Where is the evidence
that he has not done his duty? There is
certainly no evidence couched in this language
which he has used. When he said there was
no reliance to be placed on these Indian nego-
tiations he did not mean to reflect on the
Government of the United States. Sir, the
fact is, from the circumstances we all know
it to be so, that there is no reliance to be
placed upon these negotiations. We are deal-
ing with men with whom we can have no
treaties really, and we admit that fact, because
we acknowledge that they are savages, that
they are barbarous, that they are not civilized,
that they will not stand by their obligations.
When General Pope said there was no reliance
to be placed upon these negotiations with the
Indians he did not mean to reflect upon the
duty of the Government, or to intimate that
the Government had failed to keep its faith,
as far as it possibly could, in regard to all the
treaties and in regard to all its policy as to the
Indians.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Perhaps, Mr.
President, I ought to say a word in reply to
the honorable Senator from Illinois. He seems
to suppose that in the remarks which I had the
honor to submit to the Senate yesterday I, too,
had arraigned the Government for perfidy. 1
had no such idea in my mind, and 1 am sure
no language T used is fairly susceptible of any
such interpretation. The Government on its
theory lias been just enough to the Indian. ' I
did not arraign the Government of the United
States in its purposes, as I had occasion to
explain to the honoroble Senator from Michi-
gan a moment ago. What I complained of
was that spirit to which the honorable Senator
from Illinois refers when he speaks of men
from other parts of the country who approach
the border and disclose a lawlessness of pur-
pose to trespass upon the rights of the Indian, -
irrespective of law or treaty. That was the
spirit that I deprecated yesterday; and my
arraignment of General Pope was that he took
that spirit for his guide, and not the treaty an3
the law; and that lie had the bad taste to say
to the General of the Army and to the Ameri-
can people that they negotiated treaties with
the purpose of breaking those treaties. That
was the arraignment.
Mr. YATES. That language is not used in
what the Senator read from General Pope.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will quote it
again and see whether it is or not;
"The peace commissioners promise tho Indian, in
the first plaoe, that the whites shall not go into the
Indian country, knowing well that it is impossible
to fulfill such a promise.''
General Pope has no right to know any such
thing if he speaks for the Government, for he
ought to know thatwhat the Government prom-
ises the Government means to fulfill. My objec-
tion to General Pope and my arraignment of
him was that being there to fulfill the purposes
of the Government, which are the promises of
the peace commissioners, he allows himself to
cooperate with the spirit of the border that
overrules the Government; he falls in ; he
becomes—I will not use an offensive word—
but the instrument in the hands of that spirit
of the border which the honorable Senator
himself recognizes as irrepressible on the front-
ier, and turns upon the Government and tells
it to its face "You need not expect me to
observe your treaty stipulations."
Now, sir, I say that was neither in good
taste nor decorous. It was not in accordance
with the fact; and it was not in accordance
with the theory of the Government, and it did
not lie in his mouth to utter any such senti-
ment, to predict any such thing, or to assert
any such thing ; and I submit to the honora-
ble Senator whether I am not fully borne out
in stating that, while he arraigns the Govern-
ment, he shows clearly that he is acting on the
spirit which is lawless on the border, and which
I am sorry to say seems to impress Senators
more or less that there is not power enough in
this Government to keep a treaty after you
have made it.
That was my specification; that is what I
meant to say precisely; and that is what I
meant to hold him responsible for. 1 did not
mean, and I think no language I employed yes-
terday was susceptible of the interpretation
that I intended to arraign the purposes of the
Government. I say that the Government in
its general purposes has been humane ; but its
policy has been constantly overruled in the
manner I undertook to describe, and in the
very way the honorable Senator himself illus-
trates by this six-footer from Maine, who goes
upon the border and cannot be resisted. Gen-
eral Pope said that, and for that I condemn him.
When he goes there to maintain the flag and
the honor of the country and the treaties of
the nation made with these Indians, he is to
stand by the flag and stand by the nation, and
he is not to yield to the six-footer from Maine
nor to the spirit of the border ; and when he
does that and turns to the Government and in
its face says, " Your treaties cannot be kept;
they were never made to be kept; the com-
missioners who made them knew they were
not to be kept; " I say he takes a high respon-
sibility.
If the honorable Senator from Illinois can
find a justification in any duty that is devolved
upon a major general in the service of the Uni-
ted States for using such language, he can do
better than I can. If he can find an apology
for it even, I shall be glad. I have no per-
sonal feelifig in the matter, of course. I desire
