716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
I know she is not a State by the consent of
rebels or rebel sympathizers. I know her
name is not called in Democratic conventions,
that it is not earolled on Democratic banners,
for she does not muster in that camp ; and I
am not surprised that the gentleman's ire is
excited by seeing her Representatives on this
floor. Bat I am surprised at the bittetness of
invective with which she is assailed, and espe-
cially that itshould come from a Representative
from the State of Ohio—a State which, of all
others, (I speak it in no spirit of boasting,) has
most reason to thank God for the loyalty of
West Virginia. For four long years of fire and
death West Virginia stood between the citizens
of Ohio aad the destroyer. We were her wall
of defense; while out fields were laid waste
and desolated theirs were rich with fruitful
harvests; while our homes were left without a
roof-tree by the ruthless hand of war theirs
were the abodes of peacc and plenty; and yet
a government ana recognition among the
States of the Union, secured by such earnest
devotion and won by such heroic sacrifices,
must be branded as "illegitimate," "con-
ceived in sin and born in iniquity," and that
by a Representative of a people who have been
most benefited by that devotion and that sac-
rifice. 0 shame, where is thy blush?
Mr. Speaker, I have been at a .loss to con-
ceive any sufficient reason for this unwarrant-
able attack on West Virginia, made, too, not
on the floor of the House in the heat of debate,
but in the quiet meditations of his room, under
a permission to print, and published some four
days afterward; so that it would probably have
cscaped my notice entirely had not my atten-
tion been called to it by a member of the other
House.
I say I am at a loss to assign any reasonable
motive for it. _ Can it be because the admission
of West Virginia, as a State will ever stand as a
reproach to rebels and traitors, and will be an
encouragement to loyal men and patriots in all
ages of the Republic, or that her recognition
here is an abiding assurance that the "lost
cause" can have no hereafter so long as the
name of West Virginia is on the roll of States;
or is it that she cannot be forgiven because
she would have stood in the way of the hun-
dred thousand men who were going to bring
Vallandigham home from the rebel lines if he
had been elected Governor of Ohio ? But 1
am at a loss for the reason.
I can only say, in conclusion, that had the
gont cmau from Ohio referred to the admission
of. West Virginia in the same manner and
spirit in which he refers to Mr. Lincoln's action
iu reference to Arkansas his remarks would
nave passed without any noticefrom mo. Under
the circumstances I could not do otherwise
than I have done. And it only remains now
ior me to thank the gentleman from Ohio for
the undisguised expression of his sentiments
and those _ of his party toward the State of
Vest Virginia, for I am sure the warning will
not be passed by unheeded by her loyal people.
Mr. VAN TBUMP. I ask to make a brief
reply.
Mr. UPSON. I hope that the time will be
limited.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I do not rise to make
a speech.
Mr. UPSON. I object unless the time is
limited.
The SPEAKER. The time will be limited
to ten minutes, if there be no objection.
Mr. VAN I RUMP, I wish to make an
explanation, and that is, ifc is manifest to every
gentleman in this House I could have
no disrespect to the people of the so-called
otate of West Virginia as citizens of the United
fetates. By no means, sir; I simply spoke of
tneir organization as a State or corporation with-
out the consent of old Virginia under the pro-
visions of the Constitution.
Sir, I have every reason to have tlie highest
regard for the people of West Virginia. I
lived within her borders, such as they are now,
ior a year, and some-of the best friends of my
are there; and, sir, I have nothing to
reply to the gentleman. I was an admiring
auditor of the eloquence and energy with which
the gentleman defended his State. I repeat I
meant no disrespect to the people of West
Virginia.
southern relief.
Mr. KELLEY. I rise for the purpose of
presenting to the House a paper in the nature
of a letter of thanks, signed by citizens of Ala-
bama. Eafly in the Thirty-Ninth Congress I
had the honor of introducing a resolution
requesting ffie President to direct the chief
Commissioner of the Freedmen's Bureau to
supply the then starving people of the mount-
ain counties of Alabama and Georgia with
seed with which to put in a crop. That reso-
lution was adopted and the seed furnished.
The letter I ask to have read is in acknowledg-
ment of the kindness Of Congress in furnish-
ing this timely and vital relief, with an assur-
ance that with the aid thus given they hope to
be able to provide for their future wants. 1
ask to have the letter read.
The letter was read, as follows:
Decatur, Alabama, My 13,1867.
To the Thirty-Ninth and Fortieth Congress :
Gentlemen : In behalf of the suffering poor of
North Alabama aooept our heartfelt thanks for your
timely supplies forwarded through your worthy agent,
General 0. 0. Howard, to this needy and desolate
class. Bo assured that tho recipients of your favor
duly appreciate your act of humanity, and the lives
you have thus saved will bo used to bless and honor
you. Wo are aware that tho consciousness of having
performed an act of benevolence is more to you than
any pleasure you can derive from outside expression,
but nevertheless wo cannot forbear this token of our
appreciation for the lasting benefit you have con-
ferred upon our famished country.
\Ve are happy to state that the prospects for a crop
are so flattering that we hope that we shall this year
raise an abundance of everything, and that we will
be able to dispenso with your further bounty.
We are gratefully, your obedient servants,
G130RG-.E M. TAliiSK., and numerous others.
The letter was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
correction.
Mr. ARCHER. I ask leave to make a cor-
rection. On Saturday last, on the adoption
of the report of the committee of conference
on the reconstruction bill I am recorded in
the Globe as voting ay. I voted nay, as the
Journal will show.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Mc-
Donald, its Chief Clerk, announced that the
Senate had passed without amendment a joint
resolution (11. E. No. 69) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Navy to admit to examination
Maurice liice Evans for admission to the Naval
Academy in September next.
Also, that the President pro tempore, ef the
Senate had appointed Hon. Mr. Patterson, of
New Hampshire, the additional member on
the part of the Senate of the joint Committee
on Retrenchment.
captured and abandoned cottojf.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. _ I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce tho following j oint resolution:
Wheroas it is stated that the Court of Claims has
rendered judgments to the amount of 83,000,000 in
tayor ot parties claiming for captured or abandoned,
cotton: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and Mouse of Representa-
tives, cfco., That the Secretary of the Treasury be
hereby instructed to withhold tho payment of said
judgments until further action by Congress.
_ No objection being made, the joint resolu-
tion was read a first and second time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I appeal to the gentleman
to allow me to offer the following amendment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will liear it read.
The proposed amendment was read, as fol-
lows :
Whereas this House on the 30th day of April, 1862,
adopted the following resolution:
' liesofaed, Thatthe Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to adjust tho claim against the Govern-
ment tor the fivo thousand Hall carbincs purchased
p!5?™ * Sim°un Stevens, esq., by General John C.
r on i° ?tWayT?f August' 18l51  an(1 after-
th,8 United fetates arsenal at the
^ ^ouis, on the basis of a sale ot said arms
to the Government for $12 5Qeaeh, rejecting all other
pwctee o?on aocoimt of tile
And whereas by a recent judgment of tho Court
ot Claims tho said Simon Stevens has recovered
against the United States the sum of B58.000 on
account of said arms, being, with the sum heretofore
paid on said purchase, at the rate of twenty-two dol-
lars for each of said arms, the said arms havingbeen
soid on the 6th day of June, 1861, by the order of the
becretary ot W ar, as condemned arms at $3 50 eaeh:
Therefore,
_ Resolved, That, the Judiciary Committee be
instructed to inquire into the circumstances under
which said judgment was recovered, and whether
the judgment of said_ court should be subject to' any
other method of review than that now authorized
by law, with authority to report by bill or other-
wise. . ,
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not yield for that
amendment. I may vote for it separately,
but I do not wish to have it attached to" a res-
olution which I think nobody will oppose,
while there may be objection to the gebtW-
man's proposition.
Mr. HOLMAN. Very well.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to state that at
the last session of Congress, and I believe for
almost every session since I have been here,
bills have been introduced by different mem-
bers requiring the action of Congress before
judgments rendered by the Court of Claims
should be paid by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. I have always opposed them mainly
because I was personally very well acquainted
with two of the judges of that court who hailed
from Pennsylvania, and had confidence in them
as well as in other judges. I am satisfied from
what is being said in the press and what I hear
in private circles that great frauds on the Gov-
ernment have been perpetrated on this questioh
of cotton claims. I do not say that anything
wrong has been dope by the Court of Claims,
or that we can ultimately, when wc come to
examine the judgments, avoid their payment;
but so much has been said upon this question
that I think it is but jnst to relieve the Secretary
of the Treasury from the embarrassment that
he feels, as I hear, about paying claims that I
understand he believes are somewhat unjust,
by action on our part. I hope there will be
no objection to this resolution unless it be an
objection as to form. At the next session of
Congress these judgments or claims can be
examined by the proper committee, and if
found correct we can authorize the Secretary
of tho Treasury to pay them. I yield now to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. butler. 1
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I do not rise
to oppose the resolution, but to suggest what
the practical difficulties are that need the ac-
tion of the House. By the abandoned and cap-
tured property act all parties who proved their
loyalty during the war are allowed to reclaim
in the Court of Claims property captured from
them by our armies or taken as abandoned by
the Treasury agents. _ The difficulty is that we
have made no definition of loyalty, and it is
left to the court to judge upon the evidence
whether a given claimant was loyal in senti-
ment. Nov/, it is very difficult in the South to
prove that there is any one who over was not
loyah Everybody who did not hold a commis-
sion in the confederate army or in their gov-
ernment comes forward and proves by his
neighbors that he was a good Union man dur-
ing the war, and therefore, under the laws of
evidence, the Court of Claims could not do
otherwise than as they did in the cases under
consideration. I think we should have this
matter of this operation of the law inquired
into; otherwise all this property, amounting
to_many_ millions—I think I am safe in saying
thirty millions—may be all taken back by the
rebel owners or by those from whom it was
captured, who had abandoned it to go into the
rebel service.
_ The difficulty, as I have stated, is that Con-
gress has given to the court no law and no guide
as to what shall be the presumption as to loy-
alty- With the permission of the gentleman
X will state what might be the needed legisla-
tion. In a loyal State we treat every man as
loyal, however disloyal he may be, unless he
commits some overt act of disloyalty. So in
disloyal States every man should be treated as
disloyal until he shows some overt act of loyalty
during the war. And for the purpose of getting
