720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
The bill was then read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs when appointed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider oh the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
general sickles.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask leave to have read
at the Clerk's desk, that it may appear in the
Globe, the telegram that I send upi
No objection was made.
The Clerk read as follows:
Charleston. Sooth Cakolesa, July 18,1867.
Hon. John A. Bingham, Home of Representatives:
Thanks for yourhandsome replytoELDBiixw. You
may relievehis anxiety with the consoling informa-
tion that my equipage hits not cost him or Ms friends
anything, said equipage being the cherished gift of
my colleagues of the third Army corps.
 . 15. SICKLES.
Mr. BINGHAM. All I ask is^ that that
telegram shall appear in the published pro-
ceedings of the House.-
the phonetic system.
Mr. NOELL, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, and referred to the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor when appointed :
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Senate
concurring,) That the Commissioner of Education is
instructed to report to Congress upon tho feasibility
and expediency of introducing tho phonetic system
of spelling into general use in the schools and its
adoption in general literature; and in said report
shall ombady the main features of difference between
the present system and the phonetic system, and that
the report shall embody such information as shall
impart a general knowledge of the system.
invasion of mexico.
Mr. LOGAN. I wish to offer again a reso-
lution offered yesterday by the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Selye] and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs. If that com-
mittee—whose chairman, the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] I do not now see
in his seat—design reporting the resolution
to-day, I would not of course present it. But,
presuming that, as the members of the com-
mittee have not been called together, it is not
tho intention to report tho resolution to-day,
nor probably before Congress adjourns, I ask
consent to offer this resolution, that it may be
acted on at once:
Whereas it is currently reported in the public
press and otherwiso that bodies of armed men are
being organized in different parts of tho country for
the purpose of invading the territory of our neigh-
boring republic of Mexico, in direct violation of the
neutrality laws; and whereas all such attempts and
purposes ate also at varianco with tho wishes and
iboliiiKSof all good citizens of tho United States, and
contrary to established public policy: Therefore,
Resolved. That tho President of the United States,
in case ho shall be satisfied that such organizations
exist, or aroboingformod.be respectfully requested
to issue a proclamation requiring all proper officers
of the United States to proventsuch unlawful organ-
izations being formed within theUnited States, warn-
ing all porsons that whosoever shall depart from the
United States, citherindividually or collectively,for
the purpose of invading the republic of Mexico or any
other country, or creating any disturbance therein,
shall forfeit all rights to protection under the laws
of the United States.
Mr. ROBTNSON. I trust that my friend
from Illinois [Mr. Logan] will not consider
me discourteous in objecting to the introduc-
tion of this resolution. There are serious
objections to it, and I would like to debate it.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, sir, I wish to say 
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not yet
before the House. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Robikson] objects to its introduc-
tion.
Mr. LOGAN.' I am aware of that; but I
wish to make a suggestion.
Mr. ROBINSON. Before the gentleman
discusses the question I hope the committee
may have time to consider the subject. I
would rather not have any hasty action on this
question.
Mr. LOGAN. I will modify the resolution,
so as to apply only to the republic of Mexico,
if that will be satisfactory to the gentleman.
Mr. ROBINSON. I prefer that the subject
should be considered by the committee. I
think it quite likely that we shall have a meet-
ing before Congress adjourns.
Mr. LOGAN. As the gentleman is one_of
the members of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs I will ask him whether the members
of the committee have been called together ?
Mr. ROBINSON. Not to my knowledge.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask the gentleman to state
what prospect or probability there is that the
committee will meet for the purpose of consid-
ering this question ?
Mr. ROBINSON. I am sorry that the chair-
man of the committee has just been called out
of the House. I cannot give the gentleman a
positive answer.
Mr. LOGAN. I mean no reflection at all
upon the committee, but I regard this as a
question that does not require the considera-
tion of a committee. It is a question of the
infringement of the rights of a nation with
which we are on friendly terms ; it is a ques-
tion of law, and the execution of the law by
the President of the United States. It is a
question that this House can consider without
a reference to any committee. I will state to
the House that 1 am satisfied from evidence
worthy of belief that there is to-day an organ-
ization in this country formed with the inten-
tion of invading the republic of Mexico and
overthrowing its government.
Mr. ROSS. I rise to a point of order, that
the resolution is not before the House, and
therefore is not open to debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. LOGAN. I knew that I was probably
trespassing upon the patience of gentlemen
who object to the resolution, though perhaps
not upon the patience of the House. I will
move that the rules be suspended to allow the
introduction of the resolution.
Mr. ROBINSON. I do not like to persist
in the objection, and I withdraw it. I am will-
ing to leave the question entirely to the House.
Mr. LOGAN. I now modify the resolution
by striking out after the words "republic of
Mexico " the words " or any other country."
There being no objection, the preamble and
resolution, as modified, were considered and
adopted.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the preamble and resolution were
adopted ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
simon stevens.
Mr. PILE. I ask unanimous consent of the
House to introduce a joint resolution to the
effect that the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to suspend the payment of the judg-
ment of the Court of Claims for $58,000 in
favor of Simon Stevens, for payment of his
alleged claim against the Government of the
United States for the purchase of Hall's car-
bines by order of John C. Fremont, until
further action by Congress.
There was no objection, and the joint reso-
lution was read a first and second time. It was
then ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time ; and being engrossed, it was accordingly
read the third time.
Mr. PILE demanded the previous question
on the passage of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered.
Mr. INGERSOLL. _I should like to have
some reason for this joint resolution.
The SPEAKER. The previous question
has been seconded.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the main question was ordered.
Let us have some statement to go upon the
Journal for invading the jurisdiction of this
court.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The motion was disagreed to.
The joint resolution was then passed.
Mr. PILE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
southern swamp land grants.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, "That the Secretary of "War be instructed
to inform this House through tho Freed men's Bureau
or the military commanders of their proper districts
what quantity of swamp lands heretofore granted
to the States lately in rebellion yot remain undis-
posed of by said States.
impeachment.
Mr. BROOMALL obtained the floor, b.ut
yielded to
Mr. ROSS, who asked unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary bo
instructed to report to this House at its present ses-
sion the testimony taken by them upon the subject of
impeaching the President of the United States, with
a view of having the same published and laid before
tho country.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr. ROSS. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. BROOMALL. I cannot yield for that
purpose.
Mr. ROSS. I will offer it again.
mississippi.
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Speaker, 1 hold in
my hand the proceedings of a public meeting
held in Choctaw county in the late State of
Mississippi, which came to me accompanied
by the request to present them to the House. I
therefore move to suspend the rules for the
purpose of having these proceedings read and
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction;
also for the purpose of having them published
in the Congressional Globe.
Mr. BROOKS. The Congressional Globe
is so big now that nobody reads it. -
Mr. BROOMALL. It is a petition -to this
body that the civil government of that State be
set aside and the military government be
allowed authority to protect the citizens there.
I ask a division on the motion to suspend the
rules.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
54, noes 29 ; no quorum.voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Broomall and Mr. 3rooks.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 70, noes 16.
So the rules were suspended.
The Clerk read as follows:
Spuing Valley, Choctaw Cotjxty,
July 4,1867.
After a celebration in which we raised the old
United States flag, and had several speeches indors-
ing Congress, a convention was called, and Mr. G. II.
Holland was called to the chair, and Mr. (1. W. Dud-
ley was elected secretary. The following resolutions
were read and unanimously adopted:
Whereas the position of the loyal citizens of the
late rebel Stages has been a theme of misrepresenta-
tion among the enemies of the Government; and
whereas we consider that justice to ourselves de-
mands an honest avowal of the principles which
really actuate our party: Thcreforo,
Be it resolved, That we consider the course pursued
by the rebel party, lately dominant here, and evon
now making desperate efforts to regain their former
ascendency as likely to cause southern men, irrespect-
ive of their real sentiments, to be regarded with
suspicion and distrust.
Resolved, That wo, the loyal citizens of tho State
of Mississippi, disclaim ail connection or sympathy
with any party or persons advocating or professing
sentiments unfriendly to the legislative branch of
the United States Government.
Resolved, That wo heartily and unhesitatingly de-
nounce the policy of President Johnson, considering
it detrimental to the cause of liberty and the Union,
and as exercising a baneful influence upon the at-
tempts of tho loyal and law-abiding citizens of both
sections todestroy the political prejudices and restore
harmony and unanimity of sentiment.
Resolved, That we consider that the present civil
authority in this State, wielded in a majority of cases
by persons at enmity with the Union Government, is
not calculated to protect tho lives, liberties, and
property of the loyal citizens thereof.
Resolved, That we desire the United States Gov-
ernment to enforcc the military government in this
State, making it efficient in giving aid and comfort to
the friends of the Government, and discourage all
attempts at treason and rebellion; and wo hereby
pledge our fortunes and our lives, if necessary, in
assisting in its enforcement.
Resolved, That we hereby ask Congress to relieve
us of tho present enormous and uncalled for rebel
