1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
721
State and county tax, and that we pay but one tax
and tnat a loyal one.
And resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be
sent to the Congress of the United States of America.
G. II. HOLLAND, Chairman.
G. W. DUDLEY, Secretary.
Mr. BBOOMALL. I move that they be
referred to the Committee ou Reconstruction.
The motion was agreed to.
rear admiral goldsborough.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Navy,
in reply to a call for information relative to the
Case of Rear Admiral L. M. Goldsborough;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
metropolitan revenue board.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, in reply to a resolution of the House
asking for information in regard to the Metro-
politan Revenue Board ; which was 'read, as
follows: *
• Treasury Department, July 18,1867.
Sir: To the resolution of the House of Represent-
atives of thel6th instant, requiring information con-
cerning a commission organized by this Department
in the city of New York, and styled " the Metropol-
itan Revenue Board," I have the honor to reply that
a board was established thereunder that designation
by this Department on the 21st ultimo, the powers
and duties of which are best defined by reference to
the order creating it, which is as follows:
Treasury Department, June 21,1867.
For the purpose of aiding the Internal Revenue
Bureau m the prevention, detection, and punishment
of fraud upon the internal revenue, and with a view
to a more stringent enforcement of the law, Isaac E.
Messmore, Deputy Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue; II. H. van Dyck, Assistant Treasurer "at New
York; Samuel G. Courtney, United States Attorney
southern district of New York; A. Q. Kea&bey,
United States Attorney for the district of New Jer-
sey, and B. F. Tracy, United States Attorney for the
eastern district of New York, are hereby with their
consentconstituted a board to be known as the Metro-
politan Revenue Board.
All revenue inspectors, revenue agents, general
inspeetors-of spirits, and special agents of theTreas-
ury Department in the first, second, third, fourth,
fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth, tenth, and thirty-
second districts of New York, and the third, fourth,
and fifth districts of New Jersey, will immediately
report to said board for duty, and will hereafter act
under the direction of said bsfcird.
Such revenue officers as may be designated by said
board will be specially authorized by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue to make seizures within
said districts, and are hereby required to report all
seizures immediately to the said board, and also to
the collector of the district in which any seizures are
made, and all special authority heretofore conferred
on any officer to seize property within the said dis-
tricts, or either of them, is hereby revoked.
Immediately upon the seizure or detentioa* of any
property within said districts the said board will
investigate the causes thereof. If in the opinion of
said board the property so seized is not liable to for-
feiture, or for any sufficient reason ought not to be
held for forfeiture, if the value thereof does not
exceed $3,000, the said board is hereby authorized to
direct the seizing officer to release the same.
If thevaluetliereof is over $3,000, and in the opinion
of the board the same should be released, the facts
of the case, together with the opinion of the board
thereon, will be reported to the Commissioner for his
action.
Hereafter no collector in said districts will approve
any disuller's bond, or bond for bonded warehouse, or
bondfortransportation or rectification, redistillation,
or change of package of any spirits, or tobacco man-
ufacturer's bond, until after the same shall have been
transmitted to said board for investigation andreport
as to the responsibility of the sureties thereto. The
collector or assessor will not consider himself in any
manner released by the creation of said board from
the performance of any of the duties imposed on him
by law or regulation;
Said board shall have the power, with the approval
of the Secretary of the Treasury, to make ail neces-
sary rules and regulations for the transaction of its
business and the execution of the powers hereby or
herealtur conferred.
II. McCULLOCIl, Secretary.
E. A. Rollins, Commissioner.
It will be observed that the duties devolved upon
the commission are chiefly advisory. The authority
for creating it is f^und in the general scope and spirit
of 1 he internal revenue laws, which clothe the Secre-
tary of the Treasury and the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue with power to enforce them by the use
of such means as to them may seem to bo judicious,
not inconsistent with the provisions of these laws.
It is a matter of public notoriety and of painful in-
terest to those Who are cheerfully bearing their por-
tion of the public burdens that the internal revenue
law* in regard to distilled spirits have been shame-
fully violated and set at naught throughout the
country, and cspcciaUy in tho city of New York.
The Department has used every exertion through
the ordinary instrumentalities to correct this evil,
but without success. Officers have been not only
40th Coxti. 1st Res?. ---No. -16.
inefficient in tho discharge of their duties, but in
many eases they have been suspected of direct com-
plicity with dishonest men to defraud tho Govern-
ment.
Satisfied that the means heretofore employed for
the purpose were insufficient to suppress fraud and
to expose and bring to punishment dishonest officers,
umd convinced that a faithful enforcement of the
laws in the city of New York is necessary to secure the
collection of the tax upon distilled liquors through-
out the country, and of vital importance to the wel-
fare of the entire public service, I felt it my duty to
exercise in a special manner the supervisory powers
conferred' upon me by law. The course that has
been taken in creating the commission referred to
is believed to be strictly within the limits of those
powers; and so confident are both myself and the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue that good results
will be attained by it that, unless Congress shall dis-
approve of our action, measures will be taken to
organize similar commissions in other cities in which
the Government is largely defrauded of its revenues.
The boardin Sew Y«rk has been so recently insti-
tuted that the advantages to be derived from it can-
not now be properlyestimated; but it is believed that
in consequence of its labors the removal of spirits
on fraudulent bonds has ceased, and illicit distilla-
tion largely decreased. The violence with which ithas
been assailed by somo Vho, to say the least, do not
favor an honest execution of the law, affords encour-
aging evidence that it is a movement in the right
direction, and that distillers may yet bo compelled
to boar with others their portion of the burdens of
the public debt.
In conclusion, it is proper for me to remark that
the board in New York was created with the concur-
rence and nflvice of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, whose untiring efforts to enforce the law
against the powerful interests which have been com-
bined to evade and violate it, merit the thanks of
evei y honest tax-payer in the country.
Inclosed will be found copies of all documents
and correspondence relating to this board that are
of record or on file in this Department or its bureaus.
Very respectfully,
uugh Mcculloch,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker House of Representatives.
JVIr. SCHBNCK. I will move to refer it to
the Committee of Ways and Means when ap-
pointed, and that it be printed. Before making
that motion, however, I desire to say that the
resolution I introduced the other day, which
has resulted in bringing from the Department
this information in reply, was offered because
I had received a great number of eommunica-
tions, not, as the Secretary seems to suppose,
from parties in the whisky interest, but from
persons directly or indirectly connected with
the revenue service itself, criticising the estab-
lishment of this board, and expressing not
merely doubt as to whether it would result in
anything good, but also an apprehension that
it already foreshadowed evil in the establish-
ment of a strong and controlling outside power
in the city of New York over a great number
of revenue districts, and that this power would
be likely to be abused so as to result in positive
evil to the Government in aiding corruption
rather than preventing it.
Now^ I do not for one moment pretend to
think, much less to say, that the motives of
the Secretary and of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue were not perfectly good, and
just such as they have detailed to the House,
in the establishment of this board. But not-
withstanding their explanation, which upon its
face I admit seems to be in a good degree
satisfactory to myself, I can most clearly per-
ceive that here is an extraordinary power vested
in an extra-legal body in the city of New York,
to be followed up by similar experiments, as I
understand, elsewhere. There at that great
commercial city and in that great commercial
center from which the Government derives a
large proportion of its revenue, is established
a board not contemplated by law, which is to
exercise something more even than a supervis-
ory or advisory power over ten districts in the
State of New "York and three in the State of
New Jersey. All the officials in those districts
connected with the collection of the revenue
are required to report to this board for instruc-
tions, for advice, and for direction. We know
how much mischief ensues from that necessarily
large power vested in the United States offi-
cers in a single district to make seizures, to
make adjustments, to call into requisition and
appliance all that very forcible legislation which
we have found it necessary to resort to in order
to compel the honest and faithful collection of
the revenues of the country. But here is a
board which is to exercise that extraordinary-
power over thirteen districts, and that, too,
without one particle of legislation on the sub-
ject authorizing this substitution of such a
power in place of that of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue or in place of the Treasury
Department.
Now, though it may be a good experiment,
though it may be that the law ought to have
provided some such boards as this, one thing
is very certain, and that is the law has not
provided anything of the kind. I think, there-
fore, this whole subject ought to go to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. Let that commit-
tee report whether it is proper that the laws
should be so amended as to give this extraor-
dinary power to any commission whatever. I
move that the communication be referred to
that committee when appointed, and printed.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say a few words, partially in reply to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schexck,] with refer-
ence to the organization of this board. If
the gentleman has listened attentively to the
reading of the instructions given to this board
by the Secretary of the Treasury he will have
observed that the main object of its appoint-
ment was to control and direct the seizures in
the State of New York and in three districts
in the State of New Jersey. Now, I submit
to him and to the consideration of this House
that there could be no better agents selected
to supervise the seizure of property under the
internal revenue laws than the precise parties
selected by the Secretary of the Treasury in
this instance. The chairman of the board is
the deputy commissioner of internal revenue.
Three other members of the board are district
attorneys of the United States, who have the
control of seizures in the courts of the United
States and who must from necessity have tho
prosecution of all proceedings in the courts in
reference to these seizures. The other mem-
ber of the board is the United States Treas-
urer, Mr. Van Duvck. With the exception of
Mr. Van Duyck, all the members of the board
selected by the Secretary of the Treasury are
men whose duty it is under the law to super-
vise these seizure and control and direct them.
I believe for myself that this arrangement
will work advantageously to the Treasury of
the United States. It had become notorious
in the city of New York that there were men
making seizures there and the next day mak-
ing releases, and all sorts of corruptions were
indulged in by officers of the LTnited States.
Now, it may be that these three district
attorneys, the Assistant Treasurer at New
York, and the deputy commissioners of inter-
nal revenue can all be subsidized by these men
who are defrauding the Government in the
city of New York. For one I do not believe
it. and I do think that it was a wise proceed-
ing on the part of tho Secretary of the Treas-
ury to provide this board, which I believe he
had the power to do under the existiug law,
and if the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck]
has observed the instructions given by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury he will see that this
board has no power except what is individu-
ally given by law to four members of the
board. Therefore they cannot in any manner
violate the law or exercise any powers not
given to them under the law.
It seems to me, therefore, that the Secretary
of the Treasury ought not to be censured by the
House for selecting this board, and giving them
the authority that he has given them in the
city of New York. His object being, if there
is a possibility of doing it, to break up the
enormous frauds on the revenue committsd
there, amounting to millions of dollars, that
must be replaced by the honest tax-payers of
the country. I for one give him credit for
it, and hope that at least now we will not
interfere with this experiment of the Secretary
in the right direction.
Mr. SCHENCK. It becomes necessary that
I should say a word in reply to the* gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Alli^ox,] who is a member
of the Committee of Ways and Means. Per-
