722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
haps there is not any great difference of opin-
ion between that gentleman and myself except
upon one or two points. I understand this
board to have been established with the con-
templation of like boards in other places here-
after if the experiment shall be successful,
with a view to supervising, watching, and pre-
venting as far as practicable the corruption
prevailing among the officers and employes of
the Government.
Well, I do not knowthat a more wholesome
duty cojuld be imposed upon anybody. Heaven
knows that there has been enough of rascality
practiced in this country by those who are
making whisky and selling whisky, and still
more by those who are speculating in whisky;
but I doubt very much whether one tenth part
of their rascality would ever have existed if
they had not had an opportunity of perpetrat-
ing it in collusion with the rascals employed
by the Gpvernment, who have' helped and
winked at' the perpetration of these frauds.
That being the case, I do not intend to say
that something should not be done to watch
those whom the Government employs as well
as to watch those from whom we desire to raise
revenue. But the whole argument of the gen-
tleman from Iowa, it seems to me, goes to the
proposition that there ought to be some board
of this kind provided; that this is the kind of
board for which the law should provide, [t is
true he goes a little further toward the close
of his argument, and insists with the Secretary
that there is authority for the establishment of
the board to be found in some intangible form
somewhere within the general provisions of the
law regulating the collection of revenue. The
most that the Secretary says is, that he claims
to exercise the power under the "general
tenor" of that law. It-is not usual to establish
boards with extraordinary and very large powers
under tho "general tenor" of a law, vaguely
implied, with no specific provision in the law
creating such boards or authorizing the officers
to perioral specific duties. And my complaint
is that here is a purely extra-legal commission
created with powers almost equal to those of
the Commissionerof Internal Revenue, or even
the Secretary of the Treasury, so far as this
subject is couecrned.
The Secretary, it is true, says that this board
is to exercise advisory supervision, or advisory
powers; but he qualifies this by saying that
its powers are for the most part advisory,
admitting that there are some substantial,
actual, real powers to be exercised beyond the
mere giving of advice. Any gentleman who
will read the order creating the board will see
at once, as I said before, that all the officials
of thirteen districts in the most populous part
of the United States of America are to report
to that board for their instructions; are to
report to that board to ascertain what they are
to do ; are to be subjected to the decisions of
that board in relation to seizures or anything
else in the enforcement of the revenue laws.
I say again that this is most extraordi-
nary power, notgiven anywhere by any specific
provision of law; and that this Congress, jeal-
ous of its right to legislate for the country,
ought not to look lightly upon an attempt on
the part of any branch of the Government to
assume large legislative powers of this kind ;
to create boards unknown to the law and to
invest them with extraordinary and extensive
powers such as are permitted to this board
now under consideration.
The gentleman from Iowa argues that the
Secretary has selected just the right kind of
persons for his board—the Assistant Treasurer
and the district attorneys—one in Brooklyn,
one in New York, and one on the Jersey side
of the river, associated perhaps with some other
persons. Now, sir, all this is but an argument
in favor of the thing itself; it does not touch
the question whether the law authorizes that
thing._ But, sir, one word upon this point.
Are district attorneys the very best men in the
world to advise and direct seizures in all cases ?
Everything that these district attorneys do may
be done, the Secretary claims, very properly,
because they are trusted officers of the law,
charged with the supervision of the enforce-
ment of that law, and therefore they are proper
persons to be selected for the duty. But then,
it must be remembered—and I say this not with
reference to any particular individual among
these men ; I say it with reference to the prin-
ciple involved—it must be remembered that
as everybody knows the more seizures these
officers can make the more fish thfey drag to
their nets. In their Pickwickian character as
-members of this board outside of the law, they
are to do those things which shall increase their
fees as district attorneys; so that although their
pay as members of the board may be directly
nothing, they may, acting in that capacity,
increase very largely their compensation by
driving fees into their offices through the course
which they pursue as members of the board.
I repeat, sir, I do not charge that they are
doing this; I know nothing about it; but I say
that such a board is capable of being thus per-
verted, and it is right that the law-making
power should take under its supervision this
whole subject, consider the pros and cons, and
determine whether in connection with the en-
forcement of our revenue laws we require such
boards to be established. If they are .to be
established they ought to be established by law.
In the unsettled condition of the country
arising out of the war, and the large extension
from necessity of powers in various new direc-
tions, there is. far too great a tendency, as we
all know, to departmental legislation. And
when there is a glaring instance of it, as I
conceive there is in this case, I submit with
due deference to the opinions and motives of
the Secretary of the Treasury and the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue that the law-
making power ought to be a little jealous of
its privileges and rights, and should see that
Secretaries of the Treasury do not make the
law instead of confining themselves, as they
ought to do, to its enforcement.
Air. ROBINSON. Mr. Speaker, a good
many of the remarks which have been made
have been such as to relieve me from going
over the ground 1 intended, and hence I have
not as much to say as if I had obtained the
floor at first.
I believe that the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Sciienck] is to refer to the
Committee of Ways and Means. That com-
mittee, I understand, is not' to be appointed
until some time next session. This investiga-
tion will then, if that motion be carried, be
postponed till then. I offered a resolution,
which was referred to the Committee on the
Rules a few days since, to raise a standing
committee on this subject of internal revenue.
It is a subject much greater, requiring more
time, of more importance, covering a greater
field than those referred to all the committees
of the House of Representatives some ten or
fifteen years ago. There are more things to be
taken care of by a committee on internal rev-
enue, pertaining to the collection, of internal
revenue, than in the whole business here some
years ago; and I trust, therefore, that the
Committee on the Rules will recommend the
creation of a standing committee on that most
important subject. If, however, the gentleman
insists the investigation shall be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, I ask that the
House shall direct the Speaker to appoint that
committee immediately, so that the work may
be begun at once. If the Committee on Inter-
nal Revenue be created, let that committee
also be at once appointed. I will now move,
if it be in order, that it be referred to such a
committee as the Speaker of this House will
appoint to take into immediate consideration
the communication of the Secretary of the
Treasury and all the matters involved in the
internal revenue, including the detective sys-
tem to which my resolution referred. If this
be done at once, and report made to this
House, I am confident it will result in saving
to the Government vast sums of money, as
well as much future trouble in reference to all
these matters.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can move
to refer to a select committee, but the motion to
refer to a standing committee has t.he priority.
Mr. ROBINSON. It was for the purpose
of referring it to a select committee that I have
risen. I move that it be referred to a select
committee of five, or any other number as may
be desired; that they shall consider everything
relating to this subject and report by bill or
otherwise. I again say that I do not wish to
be made the chairman of that committee.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to refer
the subject to the joint Committee on Retrench-
ment.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman moves
that as a substitute for the select committee.
Mr. ROBINSON. I ask the serious atten-
tion of the House to my proposition.
Mr. ROSS. Has the Committee on Re-
trenchment been appointed ?
The SPEAKER. It has, and is now trans-
acting business.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now yield to the gentle-
man from New York. *
Mr. BARNES. Mr. Speaker, a sufficient
justification of the benefit of this commission
appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury is
to be found in the fact that since they assumed
control in those respective districts the price
of distilled spirits in the United States has
advanced at least forty cents per gallon.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That will break down the
Democratic party.
Mr. BARNES. Now, sir, anything which
will give the revenues derived from the
immense manufacture of this article of spirits
in the United States to the people and the
Government for the purpose of paying our
debts and relieving us from taxation, instead
of turning it into the pockets of those who are
speculating upon the necessities and misfor-
tunes of the Government, must be regarded as
.of the greatest benefit. The advantages which
will result from the enforcement of the law
will amount to millions of dollars. It is patent
to every man in this House that as the duties
have been increased upon spirits the revenue
therefrom has decreased. I hear, sir, from
what I understand to be good authority, that
the revenue for the present fiscal year from
distilled spirits at two dollars a gallon will not
amount to more than $20,000,000, whereas at
a much less price it amounted last year to a
good deal more than that. Taking into con-
sideration the large tax upon the Department,
due to the fact of the vast numbers of subor-
dinates of the Government employed for the
purpose of attending to the detection of illegal
distillation of this article, the amount seized
and then released without any returns, added to
the falling off in receipts, almost obliterates all
revenue from this'proiific source.
For the purpose of ascertaining what net
revenue the Government derives from the dis-
tillation of spirits in the United States, I offered
a resolution of inquiry this morning, knowing
that it would require so me time to gefrthe inform-
ation, and not expecting to receive it till
next session. When Congress convenes in
December all matters pertinent to the revenue
will necessarily be investigated. The informa-
tion here sought is a part of what is necessary
upon which to form an opinion as tp what
should be the basis of a bill with reference to
the amount of tax to be placed on this article
and the manner of its collection.
I have it in my power now to say to this
House, that under the old regime just before
the appointment of this revenue board one lot
of spirits which was seized in my district was
released upon the payment by the manufac-
turer of $1,200. On the same day the same
lot of spirits was again seized by another offi-
cer from another district and was again released
upon the payment of $1,600. .A day or two
afterward it was again seized by a third offi-
cer, and was again released upon the payment
of $2,200. Now, I desire to know, and I inteftd
if possible that this House shall know, where
that $1,200, $1,600, and $2,200, which the
Government agents received to my knowledge,
