1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
725
GOVERNMENT OF ARKANSAS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will lay before
the House a document which has been s?nt to
him for presentation to the House. To avoid
the necessity of reading it, the Chair will statfe
that it is a protest by one Senator and four
Representatives, claiming to be members of the
Legislature of the State of Arkansas, against
being prohibited from meeting in their official
capacity by the military authority which now
prevails in that State tinder the reconstruction
law. These gentlemen met and inquired of the
military authorities whether "they should be
permitted to exercise the privilege of adjourn-
ing from day to day, and compelling the attend-
ance of absent members. The military officer
commanding told them that under the order
of General Ord the Legislature could not meet.
These gentlemen have sent to the Chair their
protest. It is for the Efcuse to determine
what shall be done with it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
paper be referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction, and on that motion I demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and tlie
main question ordered.
Mr. BOYER. Is it too late to ask for the
reading of the paper.
The SPEAKER. The Chair submitted to
the House the question of the disposition of
the paper, and he thinks it is too late now to
have it read except by a suspension of the
rules or unanimous consent. Is there objec-
tion to the reading of the paper ?
Several members objected.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. We did not understand
the proposition of the Chair as he has just
stated it. We understood him to say that
before the reading of the paper he would state
its contents.
The SPEAKER. The Chair made an
abridged statement of the contents of the
paper for the purpose of dispensing with the
necessity of reading it, supposing, of course,
that any gentleman who desired the paper read
at length would call for the reading in time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. We did not so under-
stand.
The SPEAKER. If there is any objection
to the presentation of the paper, the Chair will
withdraw it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to dispensing
with the reading of the document.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, then, will with-
draw the paper and present it under the rules
to the Journal Clerk.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not wish to be under-
stood as objecting to thereception of the paper.
I simply ask that it shall be read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not desire
to occupy unnecessarily the time of the House
by the presentation of documents of this kind.
He will withdrawihe paper and present it under
the rules.
Mr. BOYER. Nobody on this side objects
to the presentation of the paper.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen on the left
objected to the reading of the document, and
gentlemen on the right stated that they under-
stood it was to be read, which was not the
understanding of the Chair, as he made a brief
statement of its contents for the purpose of
dispensing with the necessity of reading it. If
there be no objection, it will be understood
that the communication is referred to the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
Mr. BOYER. I object.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair will hand
the paper to the Journal Clerk, under the
rule.
EQUAL RIGHTS IN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The Committee
011 the Judiciary, who are authorized to report
at any time, have directed me Unreport back
with an amendment Senate bill No. 137, enti-
tled "An act for the further security of equal
rights in the District of Columbia.''
The bill, which was read, provides that in
the District of Columbia no person shall be
excluded from any office by reason of^ race or
color, and that so much of any law as makes
any such discrimination shall be repealed.
The amendment reported by the committee
was read, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause of the bill
and insert in lieu thereof the following:
The word "white," wherever it occurs in the laws
relating to the District of Columbia or in the charter
or ordinances of the city of Washington or George-
town, and operates as a limitation on the right of any
elector of said District or either of said cities to hold
any office or to be selected and to serve as a juror, be
and the same is hereby repealed; and it shall be
unlawful for any person or officer to enforce or
attempt to enforce said limitation after the passage
of this act.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to state
that this amendmenthasbeendraftedin accord-
ance with the suggestion of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schexck] for the purpose of avoid-
ing the repetition in our legislation of the
phrase "race or color." The object of the
amendment is simply to repeal or strike out in
all the laws relating to this District, and in
its charter and ordinances, the word "white."
I move the previous question.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman yield
to me for one moment?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Yes, sir.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Iowa to the phrase-
ology of this amendment. If I understood it
correctly as read, it provides that the word
" white" wherever it occurs shall be repealed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. That is the phrase
of the law. It provides that wherever that
word "white" occurs as a limitation of any
right it shall be repealed.
Mr. SCHENCK. Suppose a law or ordi-
nance says that no negro or mulatto shall sit
upon a jury, what word " white" do you strike
out? '
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The law does not
read that way. It speaks of white persons.
I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment of the committee was agreed
to.
Mr. PRUYN. I should like to know whether
any petitions have been presented asking for
this legislation.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, demanded the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. JIJDD demanded the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 20, not voting
60; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, James M. Ash-
ley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Bcaman, Benjamin,
Benton, Bingham, Blair, Boutwell. Broomall, Buck-
land, Butler, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell,Covode, Dawes,
Dixon, Driggs, Ferriss. Ferry. Fields, Finney, Gravely,
Halsey, Hamilton, Hooper, Hopkins. Hotehkiss, Asa-
liel W". Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Hunter, Inger-
soll, Jenckcs, Judd. Julian, Kellcy.Kelsey, Keteham,
Kitchen, Koontz, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan,
Logan, Loughridge, McClurg, Mereur, Moore, Wor-
rell, Myers, Keweomb. O'Neill, Paine, Perbam, Pike,
Plants, Polslev, Price, Raurn, Robertson, Sehenek,
Scofield. Sclye, Shanks, Smith, Aaron 1. Stevens,
Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, \ an Aernam. Burt
Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Cadwala-
der C. Washburn, Henry D. Washburn, William Ji.
Wasliburn, Welker, Thomas ^ illiaras, \> illuim \v ll-
linnis, James F. Wilson, John T. ilson, and W ood-
bridge—SO. . , „ _
NAYS-Messrs. Adams, Archer, Barnes, Boyer,
Brooks, Burr, Bldridge, 0et2, Glossbrenncr, Ilaight,
Hoiman, Kerr, Niblack, Nicholson. Noell, Prnyn,
Robinson, Stone, Van Auken, and \ an Irump—20.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
Barnum, Blaine, Bromwcll, Cake, Chanler, Cullom,
Dodge, Donnelly, Eeklcy, Eggleston, Ela, Eliot,
Farnsworth.Kox, Oarlicld, Griswold, Harding, Hayes,
Hill, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulhurd. Humphrey,
Lailin. George V. Lawrence, Lynch, Mallory, Mar-
shall. Marvin, McCarthy,MeCullough. Miller, Moor-
head, Morgan. Morrissey, Mungen, Ortti, Peters,
Phelps, Pile, Poland, Pomaroy, Randall,,Ross. Saw-
yer, fchellabarger, Sitgreaves, Spalding, starkweath-
er, Thaddeus StSvens, Stewart, Taber. Taffe, Taylor,
Thomas, V an Wyck, Stephen F.Wilson, Windom, and
W ood—60.
So the bill was passed.
Daring the vote,
Mr. ROBINSON stated that his colleague,
Mr. Chaxler, was paired with Mr. Newcomb.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to-recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on th'e table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IMPEACHMENT.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, in
the resolution passed yesterday in reference to
impeachment, power was not given to print. I
now move that the usual number of copies be
printed for presentation to the House at its
next session, under the resolution in referenee
to the impeachment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move the following as a
substitute:
JRfmlv.efl, That the instruction heretofore given to
the Judiciary Committee to cause the testimony in
the matter of impeachment of the President to be
printed and reported to the House on the first day
of the next session of Congress, be so amended as to
require that the said testimony be accompanied by a
full index, showing the names of witnesses and sub-
jects of their testimony, with reference to the pages.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I cannot yield for
that. The committee is having that doue now.
Mr. INGERSOLL. There can bo no harm
in letting it go upon the record.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It is not necessary.
I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered,; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion of Mr. Wilsojt, of
Iowa, was adopted.
BOUNTY CLAIMS COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKEfl announced the following as
the select Committee on Soldiers and Sailors
Bounty: Mr.WASHBUBXof Indiana, Mr. Paixe,
and Mr. Getz.
ASSASSINATION COMMITTEE.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution, which I do
at the request of the committee :
Repofoe'I, That the eommittee for the investiga-
tion of the assassination of the President be, and is,
authorized to conduct the investigation by such sub-
committees as the committee may appoint, and at
such places as may be convenient, and such sub-com-
mittees shall be authorized to administer oaths.
Mr. ROSS. I think that the number of
sub-committees should not be less than three.
Mr. BUTLER. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. ROSS. I would like the gentleman to
state whether he will not allow an amendment
by inserting after " sub-committee" the words
"of not less than three."
Mr. BUTLER. Three make a majority.
Mr. ROSS. 1 thought there were nine.
Mr. BUTLER. Only five.
Mr. ROSS. Say two. then. I do not think
it is best for one man to be prowling around to
get this testimony alone.
Mr. BUTLER. This resolution was agreed
to by every member of the committee.
Mr. ROSS. That may be: but I think there
had better be two men together when they^are
getting that kind of testimony. It should be
done m the presence of a witness at least.
On suspending the rules, there were—ayes
64, noes 10; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers under the
rule.
Mr. ROSS. I move that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at three o'clock and fort}' minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITION.
The following petition was presented under the
rule, and referred to the appropriate committee:
By Mr.McOLPRG: The petition of snndr.veitinens
of African descent of Missouri, asking Congress to so
amend the law of March, 1^57, as to allow claiinpntj
to colte^t their bounties without the intervention cf
the Frccdmen's Bureau,
