726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 19, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
house bills on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will lay before the Senate certain communica-
tions from the House of Representatives. The
first one is the joint resolution (H. R. No. 53)
tendering the thanks of CongBess to Major
General Philip H. Sheridan. What disposition
will the Senate make of that?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it has been de-
cided once that that could not be considered
under the resolution limiting the business of
the session.
Mr. GRIMES. It was laid on the table
once.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All of them have been
laid on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. These bills
are all lying on the table and subject to the
disposition of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They must lie there
unless they are called up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Well, let
them lie there. I did not know but that the
Senate might wish to dispose of them. I thought
it proper to call the attention of the Senate to
them.
Mi-. GRIMES. All those resolutions of
thanks were laid on the table.
message from the iiousj!.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherso^, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 137)
for the further security of equal rights in the
District of Columbia, with an amendment, in
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.'
Mr. SUMNER. I ask thuSenate to proceed
with the consideration of that bill. It comes
back from the House with an amendment. I
should like to have the amendment read.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think we had better go
through with the business on the President's
table first.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will lay before the Senate aresolution from the
House in regard to certain judgments of the
Court of Claims.
cotton cases in the court of claims.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 77) in regard
to judgments of the Court of Claims in cotton
cases was read twice by its title.
Mr. GRIMES, and others. Let it be read
at length.
The Chief Clerk read it, as follows:
Whereas it is stated that the Court of Claims has
rendered judgments to the amount oi" $3,000,000 in
favor of parties claiming for captured or abandoned
cotton: .therefore,
Be it resolvedly tke Senate and Houieof Representa-
tives, That the Secretary of '.ho Treasury be
heroby instructed to withhold tho payment of said
judgments until further action by Congress.
Mr. JOHNSON. I supposf;the proper ref-
erence of that resolution.would be to the Judi-
ciary Committee, and I propose to make that
motion after a word or two. I know nothing
of the facts, except as I hear them from some
of the officers of the Court of Claims, and I
am told 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
so referred, no objection being ma.de.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move its reference to
the Committeeon the Judiciary. I believe the
whole amount is but $120,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before that resolution
is referred, I think it proper to say a word in
regard to it.
Mr. JOHNSON. That was what I was
about to do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I beg the Senator's par-
don : I thought he was through.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understood the Chair
to say that it was referred.
. Mr. TRUMBULL. It is before the Senate,
and I suppose it is open to discussion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to refer.
Mr. JOHNSON. All I intended was not to
touch, the principle which is involved in legis-
lation of that description, but merely to cor-
rect what I understand to be an error of fact.
I am told that the amount of judgments referred
to in the resolution instead of being $3,000,000
does not exceed $119,000 or $120,000. I can-
not imagine, if that be so, how that error could
have crept into the resolution. The amount
allowed by the Treasury, as I understand, in
cases that the Secretary of the Treasury had
the right to adjudicate, exceeds $1,000,000,
and there is no complaint as to them. I know
the judges of the Court of Claims sufficiently
to be satisfied that they have in these judg-
ments, as well as in every other judgment in a
case that has been before them, decided with
impartiality and ability. I say that not from
any professional knowledge acquired by prac-
ticing in that tribunal, for no member of Con-
gress can practice there, but from having read
their decisions from time to time in important
cases, andfrom my knowledgeoftheir individual
professional character. I believe also it is due
to the solicitors of that court on the part of
the United States to say that they are very
able, certainly very industrious officers, and I
believe they have collected all the evidence
that could be collected in relation to all the
cases that have been before that tribunal. The
principle, however, upon which the resolution
goes is a very dangerous one. We might as
well abolish the court altogether if their judg-
ments are to have no effect, but to be sus-
pended whenever Congress thinks proper to
suspend them. I believe in all these cases
there is or will be an appeal to the Supreme
Court of the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was quite surprised
when I saw this joint resolution upon the
desk, to find that such a measure should have
passed one of the Houses of Congress without
consideration, and I made some inquiry and
learned substantially the same state of facts
that has been detailed by the Senator from
Maryland. This joint resolution has evidently
been passed by the House of Representatives
under a very great misapprehension. There
have been vast claims against the Government
growing, not only out of these cotton cases,
but out of various other matters connected
with the war; and those claims have been set-
tled in a Department here by clerks, often
amounting to tens of thousands, and hundreds
of thousands, and even millions of dollars,
without any judicial investigation, whatever,
without any examination of witnesses, but
simply on ex parte affidavits. Now wc have
established a Court of Claims with five judges,
some of whom have been members of this
body and are known probably to all the Sen-
ators. Others of them 1 happen to know per-
sonally ; and I believe that you cannot lind
five men of greater integrity than the judges
of the Court of Claims. Cases undergo judicial
investigation there. _We have counsel there,
three solicitors, to investigate every claim
that is presented. Depositions are taken.
Commissioners are appointed under the direc-
tion of the court in different parts of the coun-
try before whom the witnesses whose testimony
is to go before the court are examined and
cross-examined. The cases are argued, delib-
erately considered, and passed upon by this
court, composed of gentlemen of high legal
ability and attainments and integrity. But for
some reason or other there is raised an alarm
that the Court of Claims is going to bankrupt
the Treasury, and a resolution is passed on a
newspaper paragraph that $3,000,000 are com-
ing out of the Treasury, when many times
three millions are taken out on the mere judg-
ment of a clerk in one of these Departments,
without any examination whatever. I do not
know what gives rise to these misrepresent-
ations. It looks to me a little as if ther^
might be claims in the hands of parties who
did not wish them to undergo this judicial
investigation, who wish to get rid of this Court
of Claims, and have an ex parte examination
in the dark. All the business of this court is
done before the public ; its opinions are pub-
lished ; the testimony is public to everybody ;
and I regard it as a great safety to this Gov-
ernment.
I was very much surprised to find a resolu-
tion of this kind passing the House, of Repre-
sentatives. On inquiry it turns out that instead
of any $3,000,000 of judgments being entered
in favor of cotton claimants, the whole of them
together amounts to about one hundred and
ten thousand dollars, and that divided between
seven or twelve persons. And then we have
provided, the law provides, that appeals may
be taken in all these cases, involving, I think,
more than three thousand dollars, to the Su-
preme Court of the United States. I was
unwilling, therefore, that a resolution of this
character, with suqjt a statement in the pream-
ble, so utterly at fault, should be referred with-
out correcting this misstatement, and correct-
ing as far as I can a misapprehension that
seems to prevail in the minds of some persons,
and which is sought to be impressed on the
minds of others, that the Treasury is in danger
from the Court of Claims. There is not where
the danger lies. That court is a protection to
the Treasury and to the Government against
dishonest claims.
Mr. BUCKA.LEW. Mr. President, I do not
understand that any cotton claims are being
adjudicated in the Treasury Department, nor
that such claims have been examined and passed
upon at the Treasury Department for a con-
siderable time past. I think the Secretary of
the Treasury declines acting upon those cases;
and whenever his attention is pressed to them
ha says to the claimants that they must go to
the Court of Claims. I think, therefore, there
is some misapprehension in regard to the Treas-
ury Department as well as in regard to the
action which has been taken by this court.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Pennsylvania will allow me, I will say that
was not formerly the case in the Treasury De-
partment. It is only recently so. He is aware
that the Department did take jurisdiction of
these eases heretofore.
Mr. BUCKALEVV. That is very true. The
Senator stated the fact as to the former prac-
tice of the Department, and it is certainly open
to all the observations which he made concern-
ing it.
I wish to make but one remark on the occa-
sion of this joint resolution. It is very true
that hasty action appears to be taken in the
other branch of Congress, and frequently taken.
I do not know that we can expect anything
else in a House which does its business under
the operation of the previous question, and
where there is no opportunity for public debate.
I think the general volume of our legislative
action for several sessions pjst has received an
injurious complexion from the fact that that
branch of Congress acts without debate and
without careful examination of the subjects
presented, consequently when their measures
are brought into the Senate we are obliged to
commence their examination as if nothing had
been done; an extraordinary labor and respon-
sibility is imposed upon this branch of Congress
which does not properly belong to it. Whether
there can be any remedy or not remains to be
seen. I have heretofore in argument endeav-
ored to point out modes of reform which would
eventually reach that House, and make its
membership more perfect; and by that means,
and perhaps some amendment to the rules, we
may hereafter have better bills and better joint
resolutions sent to us than appear to be coming
at the present and have come at recent sessions.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and after three
quarters of an hour spent in executive session
the doors were reopened.
equal rights is the district.
Mr. SUMNER. I -now ask the Senate to
