728
THE 'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
be better reached, and many of them thought
it could only be reached, in this manner. I
therefore present now an exact copy of the
resolution parsed at the last session, and de-
sire to have it acted anon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask .the Senator if this
measure was examined by any committee before
its passage at the last session?
Mr. HENDERSON. It was reported from
the MilitaryjCommittee of the.two Houses at
the last session .and examined thoroughly. It
is a question that has been before the Senate
for two years.
Mr. SHERMAN.' If a bill in the same
identical words has been reported by the Mil-
itary Committee I do not insist on my motion
to refer. I withdraw that motion. <
Mr. WILSON. I think there is no need of
referring the bill, and I think we ought to pass
it. The Military Committee examined it care-
fully at the last session; it was the deliberate
judgment of the committee and of both Houses
of Congress that it should be passed; but by
an accident it failed to become a law. I do
not think wc should take advantage of that
accident. I hope the resolution will be put
upon its passage at once.
Mr. GRIMES. If I recollect aright this
question was settled in the early days of the
present session, and I do not think we ought
now to overturn what wo did then. I must
interpose an objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A ques-
tion of order is now made under the resolution
of the Senate. That question the Chair will
refer to the Senate for decision.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose a motion to
refer is in order. The resolution has been
read the first and second time, and if an ob-
jection is made to its consideration I think it
had better be referred. I move that it be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
They can report it back immediately if they
choose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will put the question on the motion to refer the
bill to the Committee on Military Affairs, no
question of order being made on that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, laid before
the Senate a communication of the Secretary
of the Treasury, in answer to a resolution of the
10 th instant calling for information as to whether
means can be adopted to expedite the payment
of bounties under the act of July 28, 186G ;
which, on motion of Mr. Wilson, was ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
LETTER-CARRIERS.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 61) relative to
letter-carriers, have instructed me to'report it
back ; and I ask for its immediate considera-
tion.
Several Senators. What is it?
Mr. RAMSEY. Increasing the pay of let-
ter-carriers.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to its present
consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It cannot
be considered, objection being made.
RECESS.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate take
a recess- 
Mr. SUMNER. Not quite yet. There is a
little bill I want to introduce, to which there
can be no objection.
Mr. GRIMES. I submit my motion-, whfcli
is that the Senate take a recess for one hour.
Mr. SUMNER. I object; and it cannot be
considered without unanimous consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. SUMNER. The usage of the Senate
has always been to require the unanimous
consent for the reception of a motion for a
recess.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Never.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon.
Mr. GRIMES. That has never been the rule.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to introduce a bill
to which the Senate can hkve no objection.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us have the question of
order settled: and that is not open to debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is of opinion that a motion for a r.ecess is always
in order when a gentleman can get the floor to
make it.
Mr. GRIMES. When a question is pending
before the House, then it is necessary that
there should be unanimous consent in order to
lay that business aside and take up a motion
for a recess ; but there being no business before
the Senate the motion I made was perfectly in
order, and the decision of the Chair is entirely
correct. '
Mr. SUMNER. The motion the Senator
makes is in the nature of a resolution ; and a
resolution, if objected to, must lie over twenty-
four hours.
Mr. GRIMES. So is a motion to adjourn
or a motion to go into executive session in the
nature of'a resolution; and by parity of reason-
ing such a motion must lie over for twenty-
four hours for consideration.
Mr. SUMNER. No; because our rules
provide for the consideration of a motion to
adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Chair has decided
the question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Massachusetts appeal from the
decision of the Chair?
Mr. SUMNER. No, sir ; but I ask the Sen-
ator from Iowa to withdraw his motion. I
want to offer a bill that can be acted upon at
once.
Mr. GRIMES. You can do it when we come
back.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senate will not
take a recess. There is a little bill that I have
in my hands which I desire to introduce.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Iowa, that the Senate take a recess for an hour.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore again called
the Senate to order at half past two o'clock.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to introduce a bill without
any previous notice.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
what it is. *•
Mr. SUMNER. It is a bill to amend the
several acts of- Congress relating to naturaliza-
tion. Let it be read at length.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, which pro-
poses to amend all the acts of Congress
relating to naturalization, by striking out
wherever they occur the words " being a free
white person" and the words "free white"
and the words "a free white person and," so
that in naturalization there shall be no distinc-
tion of race or color.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the introduction of this bill
without notice?
No objection being made, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 130) to amend the
several acts of Congress relating to naturali-
zation, and it was read twice by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the unanimous con
sent of the Senate to have the bill acted upon
now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
not object. I will state that I have received a
letter from Norfolk calling my attention to a
very hard case of a colored person who has
been an inhabitant, and in my opinion a citi-
zen in all his rights, for more than twenty-five
years, but he is unable to obtain naturaliza-
tion because of the faords of color in our
naturalization laws. I think it is only reason-
ffrole that now we should put an end to that.
In short, I wish to punch that word "white "
out of the statute-book wherever it appears.
If the Senator from Vermont is disposed to
keep it in, then I can understand that lie
would object to the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS- I am not disposed to
keep it in——•
Mr. SUMNER. I did not suppose the Sen-
ator was.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My punch is not quite so
case-hardened as that of my friend. But I
have found from observation and experience
in my short life that a bill of this kind requires
to be examined by a committee to be sure that
you are doing exactly what you suppose you are
doing. I am as much in favor of the idea of
the bill as my friend is. I think our Norfolk
friend—and there are a good many others in
the same category, I have no doubt—can wait
until December, when this bill can be reported
perfect by a committee. I move that it bo
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senate will
proceed with it now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. ' The Sen-
ator from Vermont objects. It cannot be con-
sidered now.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no objection to
tli© reference.
Mr. SUMNER. But then the reference
kills the bill for the present Session.
Several Senators. Why can it not go over?
Mr. SUMNER. Senators ask why it can-
not go over to December? Is it not a wrong
thing in our statute-book ? I say it is a wrong
thing, and we ought to terminate it. I do not
wish that it should go over to December. I do
not wish that any wrong should go over to
December. The moment I can I would put an
end to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to refer the bill to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope it will not be done.
I hope the Senate will act on it at once.
The question being put, a division was called
for; and the ayes were seventeen.
Mr. SUMNER. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays •were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. Suppose the bill should
not be referred to the Judiciary Committee,
what is the consequence? It lies on the table,
and cannot be acted on, being objected to.
Mr. SUMNER. Can it not be proceeded
with now ? It is before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. A single objection pre-
vents the reading of the bill a third time to-day.
Mr. SUMNER. If there is that disposition,
if Senators are determined to object to it 
Mr. SHERMAN. One Senator has objected
to the bill. I do not care about it. I am
simply asking the Senator what he wants?
Mr. SUMNER. I want to pass the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is impossible, be-
cause one Senator objects, and that prevents
its passage to day.
Mr. SUMNER. If it is understood that
Senators are determined that the bill shall not
pass 
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not care whether it
passes or not.
Mr. SUMNER. The bill is in the'hands of
the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. In the hands of any one
Senator who objects.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not wish to take up
the time of the Senate. If any one Senator
objccts to the bill, and takes advantage of his
unquestioned senatorial privilege, he does it
on his responsibility.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not want my friend
from Massachusetts to put me in the wrong; I
know he would not intentionally.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He knows perfectly well
that I am jnst as much in favor of a bill, and
very likely of this bill, as he is; that Vermont
is not a particle behind Massachusetts on this
great question, not a single step. But we
know, and it is our duty to aet upon that
knowledge, that it is exceedingly unsafe legisla-
tion to hu,rry through a bill that any one mem-
ber introduces hare on this or any othar subject
