1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
72d
that involves a careful reexamination of a series
of statutes, because the chances are more than
even that you will get something passed that
you do not want, that does not hit the case, or
that does something more than you expect it
is to do. It is to prevent such results that we
have committees. Now, therefore, my simple
motion is that this bill shall go to a committee,
so that there may be that examination which
will make the bill perfect, if it is not now per-
fect, to answer the end that my friend from
Massachusetts and myself both want to reach.
That is my position.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on referring the bill to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and on that question the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. As I understand that Sen-
ators will positively object to the passage of
the bill to-day, I submit, and make no objec-
tion to its going to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The yeas
and nays having been ordered, the call for
them may be withdrawn by unanimous con-
sent. The Chair hears no objection, and that
call is withdrawn. The question now is on the
motion to refer.
The motion was agreed ta.
executive session.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate
proceeded to t&e consideration of executive
business; and after some time spent therein the
doors were reopened.
reconstruction-—veto.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPheksox, its Clerk, announced
that the President of the United Stateshaving
returned to the House of Representatives, in
which it originated, the bill (H. R. No. 123)
supplementary to an act entitled "An act to
provide for the more efficient government of
the rebel States," passed on the 2d day of
March, 1867, and the act supplementary thereto,
Eassed on the 23d day of March, 1867, with
is objections thereto, the House of Repre-
sentatives had proceeded in pursuance of the
Constitution to reconsider the same, and had
gassed the bill by a vote of two thirds of the
Eouse.
enrolled bill joint resolution signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had sign'ed
the enrolled joint resolution (H. R. No. 78)
authorizing extensions of the mail steamship
service between China and Japan ; and it was
signed by the President pro tempore of the
Senate.
inter-oceanic telegraph charges.
Mr. NYE submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire and report what measures, if
any, can be adopted to prevent the practice of extor-
tion upon citizens of the United States andtho press
by inter-oceanic telegraph companies.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Secre-
tary of War, transmitting, in answer to a reso-
lution of the Senate of February 13, 1866, the
report of Major Reynolds, United States Engi-
neers, of his explorations of the Yellowstone
and the country drained by that river.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the communi-
cation and its accompanying document lie on
the table, and be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The accom-
panying document has not been brought into
the room. It constitutes a very large bos, as
I am told.
Mr. HOWARD. It is a very valuable report.
Mr. JOHNSON. It ought to be referred to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well; I move to
refer it to the Committee on Printing.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid
before the Senate a communication from the
Secretary of War, in answer to a resolution of
the Senate of the 16th instant asking him to
report whether any means can Be adopted by
the War Department to expedite the payment
of bounties under the act of July 28, 1866.
Mr. WILSON. I move that that report lie
on the table, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to. >
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid
before the Senate a message from the Presi-
dent, in answer to the resolution of the 8th in-
stant calling for copies of any correspondence
on the files of the Department of State relating
to any recent events in Mexico.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that that message
be referred to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, subsequently reported back the
message and documents, and moved that they
be printed ; and the motion was agreed to.
adjournment resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe there is a con-
current resolution in regard to the time of ad-
journment lying on the table. I move that it
be taken up.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that will not be
taken up now. I hope it will not be proceeded
with until after the consideration of the veto
message.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to taking up the resolution re-
ferred to ?
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a reason for tak-
ing it up now.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not think we can take
it up now. I wish to hear the veto message
before I determine whether to vote to adjourn
or not.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to occupy
time about it. Let it stand for the present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can only
be taken up by unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not make the motion
now.
reconstruction veto.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A com-
munication has been received from the House
of Representatives, which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
In the House op Representatives,
July 19, 1867.
The President having returned to the House of
Representatives, in which it originated, the bill (H.
R. No. 123) entitled "An act supplementary to 'An
act to provide for the more efficient government of
the rebel States,' passed on the 2d day of March,
1867, and the act supplementary thereto, passed on
the 23d of March, 1867," with his objections thereto,
the House of Representatives proceeded in-pursu-
ance of the Constitution to reconsider the same: and
Resolved. That the bill .do pass, two-thirds of the
House of Representatives acrreeina1 to pas^ the same.
edward Mcpherson, curl-.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suppose the message
accompanies that resolution. I ask for the
reading of the message.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest to the Senator
from Maryland that we take a recess for two
hours. ["No.no."]
Mr. SUMNER. I ask if we had not better
hear the message before we take a recess. We
can hear the message by five o'clock, and then
take a recess for two hours.
Mr. RAMSEY. I propose that we take our
dinners and hear the message afterward.
Mr. ANTHONY*. I wish_ to make a sug-
gestion in regard to the motion submitted by
the Senator from Ohio, which I think had bet-
ter be put to a vote before we proceed with the
message. It is very doubtful whether there
will be a quorum in the House of Represent-
atives after six o'clock, and we ought to settle
the time of adjournment now.
Mr.. SHERMAN. I call for the reading of
the message.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well; I will not
insist upon calling up the adjournment resolu-
tion against the wish of the Senator from Ohio,
who made that motion.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the reading of
the message.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the reading of
the message, too.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mes-
sage will be read.
The Chief* Clerk commenced the reading of
the message.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is impossible to hear.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we had better
take a recess. It will take an hour to read the
message.
Mr. SUMNER. Only half an hour. I think
we had better hear it before a recess.
Mr. JOHNSON. Unless there is order it
might as well not be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There
must be less confusion in the Hall. Gentle-
men must take their seats and preserve order.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the veto
message. It is as follows:
To the House of Representatives
of the United States :
I return herewith the bill entitled "An act
supplementary to an act entitled 'An act to pro-
vide for the more efficient government of the
rebel States,' passed on the 2d day of March,
1867, and the act supplementary thereto passed
on the 23d day of March, 1867," and will state
as briefly as possible some of the reasons which
prevent me from giving it my approval.
This is one of a series of measures passed by
Congress during the last four months on the sub-
ject of reconstruction. The message returning
the act of the 2d of March last states at length
my objections to the passage of that measure.
They apply equally well to the biil now before
me, and I am content merely to refer to them
and to reiterate my conviction that they are
sound and unanswerable.
There are some points peculiar to this bill
which I will procced at once to consider.
The first section proposes to declare '"' the
true intent and meaning" in some particulars
of the two prior acts upon this subject. It is
declared that the intent of those acts was:
First, that the existing governments in the
ten "rebel States" "were not legal State gov-
ernments;" and
Second, "that thereafter said governments,
if continued, were to be continued subject in
all respects to the military commanders of the
respective districts and to the paramount au-
thority of Congress."
Congress may, by a declaratory act, fix upon
a prior act a construction altogether at vari-
ance with its apparent meaning, and from the
time, at least, when such construction is fixed,
the original act will be construed to mean ex-
actly what it is stated to mean by the declara-
tory statute. There will be. then, from the
time this bill may become a law no doubt, no
question as to the relation in which the " ex-
isting governments'' in those States, called in
the original act " the provisional govern-
ments," stand toward the military authority.
As those relations stood before the declara-
tory act, these "governments," it is true, were
made subject to absolute military authority in
many important respects, but not in all, the
language of the act being " subject to the mili-
tary authority of the United States, as herein-
after prescribed." By the sixth section of the
original act, these governments were made '' in
all respects subject to the paramount authority
of the United States."
.Now, by this declaratory act it appears that
Congress did not, by the original act, intend
to limit the military authority to any particu-
lars or subjects therein "prescribed," but
meant to make it universal. Thus over all
these ten States this military government is
now declared to have unlimited authority. It
| is no longer confined to the preservation of
| the public peace, the administration of crim-
| inal law, the registration of voters, and the
j superintendence of elections; but "in alt re-
J spects" is asserted to be paramount to the
i existing civil governments.
! It is impossible to conceive any state of
