730
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
society more intolerable than this, and yet it
is to this condition that twelve million Amer-
ican citizens are reduced by the Congress of
the United States. Over every foot of the
immense territory occupied by these American
citizens the Constitution of the United States
is theoretically in full operation. It binds all
the people there, and should protect them, yet
they are denied every one of its sacred guar-
antees.
Of what avail -will it be to any one of these
southern people when seized by a file of sol-
diers to ask for the cause of arrest, or for the
production of the warrant? Of what avail to
ask for the privilege of bail when ig military
custody, which knows no such thing as bail?
Of what avail to demand a trial by jury, pro-
cess for witnesses, a copy of the indictment,
the privilege of counsel, or that greater privi-
lege, the writ of habeas corpus f
The veto of the original bill of the 2d of March
was based on two distinct grounds, the inter-
ference of Congress in matters strictly apper-
taining to the reserved powers of the States,
and the establishment of military tribunals for
the trial of citizens in time of peace. The
impartial reader of that message will understand
that all that it contains with respect to military
despotism and martial law has reference espe-
cially to the fearful power conferred on the
district commanders to displace the criminal
courts and assume jurisdiction to try and to
punish by military boards; that, potentially,
the suspension of the habeas corpus was mar-
tial law and military despotism. The act now
before me not only declares that the intent was
to confer such military authority, but also to
confer unlimited military authority over all the
other courts of the State, and over all the offi-
cers of the State, legislative, executive, and
judicial. Not content with the general grant
of power, Congress, in the second section of
this bill, specifically gives to each military com-
mander the power " to suspend or remove from
office, or from the performance of official duties
and the exercise of official powers, any officer
or person holding or exercising, or professing
to hold or exercise, any civil or military office
or duty in such district, under any power, elec-
tion, appointment, or authority derived from
or granted by, or claimed under any so-called
State or the government thereof, or any muni-
cipal or other division thereof."
A power that hitherto all the departments
of the Federal Government, acting m concert
or separately, have not dared to exercise is
here attempted to be conferred on a subordi-
nate military officer. To him, as a military
officer of the Federal Government, is given
the power, supported by "a sufficient military
force," to remove every civil officer of the
State. What next? The district commander
who has thus displaced a civil officer is author-
ized to fill the vacancy by the detail of an
officer or soldier of the Army, or by the
appointment "of some other person." This
military appointee, whether an officer, a sol-
dier, or "some other person," is to perform
"the duties of such officer or person so
suspended or removed." In other words, an
officer or soldier of the Army is thus trans-
formed into a civil officer. He may be made
a Governor, a legislator, or a judge. How-
ever unfit he may deem himself for sutfh civil
duties he must obey the order. The officer
of the Army must, if "detailed," go upon the
supreme bench of the State with the same
prompt obedience as if he were detailed to go
npon a court-martial. The soldier, if detailed
to act as a justice of the peace, must obey as
quickly as if he were detailed for picket duty.
What is the character of such a military-civil
officer? This bill declares that he shall per-
form the duties of the civil office to which he is
detailed. It is clear, however, that he does
not lose his position in the military service.
He is still an officer or soldier of the Army;
he is still subject to the rules and regulations
which govern it, and must yield due deference,
respect, and obedience toward his superiors.
The clear intent of this section is that the
officer or soldier detailed to fill a civil office
mast execute its duties according to the laws
of the State. If he is appointed a_ Governor
of a State he is to execute the duties as pro-
vided by the laws of that State, and for the
time being his military character is t<? be sus-
pended in his new civil capacity. If he is
appointed a State treasurer he must at once
assume the custody and disbursement of the
funds of the State, and must perform those
duties precisely according to the laws of the
State; for he is intrusted with no other official
duty or other official power. Holding the office
of treasurer, and intrusted with funds, it hap-
pens that he is required by the State laws to
enter into bond with security, and to' take an
oath of office; yet from the beginning of the
bill to the end there is no provision for any
bond or oath of office, or for any single quali-
fication required under the State law, such as
residence, citizenship, or anything else. The
only oath is that provided for in the ninth sec-
tion, by the terms of which every one detailed
or appointed to any civil office in the State is
required "to take and to subscribe the oath of
office prescribed by law for officers of the U nited
States." Thus an officer of the Army of the
United States detailed to fill a civil office in
one of these States gives no official bond and
takes no official oath for the performance of
his new duties, but, as a civil officer of the State,
only takes the same oath which he had already
taken as a military officer of the United States.
He is, at last, a military officer performing
civil duties, and the authority under which he
acts is Federal authority only ; and the inevit-
able result is that the Federal Government, by
the agency of its own sworn officers, in effect,
assumes the civil government of the State.
A singular contradiction is apparent here.
Congress declares these local State govern-
ments to be illegal governments, and then pro-
vides that these illegal governments shall be
carried 011 by Federal officers, who are to per-
form the very duties imposed on its own offi-
cers by this illegal State authority. It certainly
would be a novel spectacle if Congress should
attempt to carry on a legal State government
by the agency of its own officers. It is yet more
strange that Congress attempts to sustain and
carry on an illegal State government by the
same Federal agency.
In this connection I must call attention to
the tenth and eleventh sectionsof the bill, which
provide that none of the officers or appointees
of these military commanders "shall be bound
in his action by any opinion of any civil officer
of the United States," and that all the provis-
ions of the act "shall be construed liberally,
to the end that all the intents thereof may be
fully and perfectly carried out."
It'„seems Congress supposed that this bill
might require construction, and they fix, there-
'fore, the rule to be applied. But where is the
construction to come from? Certainly no one
can be more in want of instruction than a sol-
dier or an officer of the Army detailed for a
civil service, perhaps the most important in a
State, with the duties of which he is altogether
unfamiliar: This bill says he shall not be bound
in his action by the opinion of any civil officer
of the United States. The duties of the office
are altogether civil, but when he asks for >an
opinion he can only ask the opinion of another
military officer, who, perhaps, understands as
little of his duties as he does himself; and as to
his "action," he is answerable to the military
authority, and to the military authority alone.
Strictly no opinion of any civil officer, other
than a judge, has a binding force.
But these military appointees woulcl not be
bound even by a judicial opinion. They might
very well say, even when their action is in con-
flict with the Supreme Court of the United
States, "That court is composed of civil offi-
cers of the United States, and we are not bound
to conform our action to any opinion of any
such authority."
This bill and the acts to which it is supple-
mentary are all founded upon the assumption
that these ten communities are not States, and
that their existing governments are not legal.
Throughout the legislation upon this subject
they are called " rebel States," and in this par-
ticular bill they are denominated " so-called
States," and the vice of illegality is declared
to pervade all of them. The obligations of
consistency bind the legislative body as well
as the individuals who compose it. It is now
too late to say that these ten political com-
munities are not States of this Union. Dec-
larations to the contrary made in these three
acts are contradicted again and again by
repeated acts of legislation enacted by Con-
gress from the year 1861 to the year 1867.
During that period, while these States were
in actual rebellion, and after that rebellion
was brought to a close, they have been again
and again recognized as States of the Union.
Representation has been apportioned to them
as States. They have been divided into judi-
cial districts for the holding of district and
circuit courts of the United States, as States
of the Union only can be districted. The
last act on this subject was passed July 23,
1866, by which every one of these ten States
was arranged into districts and circuits. They
have been called upon by Congress to act
through their Legislatures upon at least two
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States. As States they have ratified one amend-
ment, which required the vote of twenty-seven
States of the thirty-six then composing the
Union. When the requisite twenty-seven votes
were given in favor of that amffndment, seven
of which votes were given by seven of these
ten States, it was proclaimed to be a part of
the Constitution of the United States, and
slavery was declared no longer to exist within
the United States or any place subject to their
jurisdiction. If these seven States were not
legaj States of the Union it follows as an in-
evitable consequence that in some of the States
slavery yet exists. It does not exist in these
seven States, for they have abolished it also
in their State constitutions; but Kentucky not
having done so it would still remain in that
State. But, in truth, if this assumption that
these States have no legal State governments
be true, then the abolition of slavery by these
illegal governments binds no one, for Congress
now denies to these States the powerto abolish
slavery by denying to them the power to elect
a legal State Legislature, or to frame a consti-
tution for any purpose, even for such a purpose
as the abolition of slavex-y.
As to the other constitutional amendment
having reference to suffrage, it happens that
these States have not accepted it. The conse-
quence is that it has never been proclaimed
or understood, even by Congress, to be a part
of the Constitution of the United States.
The Senate of the United States has repeatedly
given its sanction to the appointmentof judges,
district attorneys, and marshals for every one
of these States; and yet, if they are not legal
States, not one of these judges is authorized to
hold a court. So, too, both Houses of Congress
have passed appropriation bills to pay all
these judges, attorneys, and officers of the
United States for exercising their functions in
these States. Again, in the machinery of the
internal revenue laws, all these States are dis-
tricted,not as "Territories," but as "States."
So much for continuous legislative recogni-
tion. The instances cited, however, fall far
short of all that might be enumerated.
Executive recognition, as is well known, has
been frequent and unwavering.
The same may be said as to judicial recogni-
tion, through the Supreme Court of the United
States. That august tribunal, from first to last,
in the administration of its duties in banc and
upon the circuit, has never failed to recognize
these ten communities as legal States of the
Union. The cases depending in that court upon
appeal and writ of error from these States
when the rebellion began have not been dis-
missed upon any idea of the cessation of juris-
diction. They were carefully continued from
term to term until the rebellion was entirely
subdued and peace reestablished, and then they
