1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
733
Now, sir, when I thus insist, let it be under-
stood that I am not unmindful of any of my
responsibilities in this Chamber. Other duties
may devolve upon me hereafter. For the pres-
ent I speak as a Senator, bound in the discharge
of his public duties to do what he can for the
public good. As a Senator I must be plain; nor
can I be constrained by the possibility that
hereafter I may be called to judge the Presi-
dent. I am called to judge him now. The
proposition that Congress should go home com-
pels me to judge him.
Unquestionably it belongs to the other House
to initiate the proceedings which shall set the
President at your bar. But until then it is the
right and the duty of every Senator to express
himself freely with regard to his conduct; nor
can there be any limit to this latitude. It is as
broad as human thought. No future duty can
be a straight-jacket now. Because the Presi-
dent may be impeached the Senate is not
obliged to be silent with regard to him. Our
Constitution is guilty of no such absurdity.
Until a Senator is sworn as a judge on the trial"
of impeachment, according to the requirement
of the Constitution, ho is a Senator, free to
criticise any public functionary from the Presi-
dent to the humblest officer ; and if either has
so acted as to deserve removal, there is no rea-
son why he should not say so. This is only
according to the Constitution and common
sense.
Now, since Andrew .Johnson is still Presi-
dent and he is not yet set to your bar, I insist
that you shall stay in your seats in order to
encounter the evil which must proceed from
him just so long as he continues in power.
You should meet him here constantly and not
leave the field to him.
For this reason, simply and briefly stated, I
object to the proposition of the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.] If I had powers of
persuasion I would use them all to induce you
to remain as a guard to the Constitution and
a constabulary force for the rebel States. Pos-
sibly you may not like the office. But I doubt
if any of us can be better employed anywhere
than in contributing to the success of recon-
struction and in preserving the peace through-
out that distressed region of country. Sitting
in your seats here, you are a mighty police, at
the call of general or citizen, and you are also
a terror to that evil-doer, the President.
Senators wish to leave. So do I. Nobody
can wish to leave more than myself. I suffer
much from these heats. I long to be at home;
but I feel that it is my duty to be here. All
that I- have felt before is now intensified
by the menace of this veto message. Here-
after no Senator can say that he did not know
what to expect. He will not be taken by sur-
prise. Here is distinct and open notice that
the President will do all in his power to thwart
your legislation and to arrest a just reconstruc-
tion. There he stands, a constant impediment
to peace, and an ally to the rebellion. And yet
knowing these things, you propose to go home
and leave him undisturbed master till winter.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the views of the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts, I am
surprised that he offers this amendment. He
proposes to adjourn to^he 16th of October*
and I propose to adjourn to the first Monday
in December. Tf his mind is full of fears and
apprehensions, if he sees any way in which
the President will overthrow the liberties of
the country and place the lives of citizens in
the South in danger, he certainly ought not to
contribute by his vote or by his motion to an
adjournment of Congress even for a day. The
House of Representatives propose to adjourn
in the ordinary way. They are through with
their business. We have confined ourselves
by a rule which prevents us from passing any
measure that does not receive the unanimous
approbation of the body. We are through
with our business. We know that to remain
here after the business which called us together
has been disposed of will make probable the
passage of bills that ought not to be passed.
We are through with the ordinary business of
the country. The session of Congress for a
day after that business has transpired can be
of no public benefit.
The House of Representatives have proposed
to adjourn to the middle of November. I
should be very willing to comply with the desire
of the House if there was any practical good
to result from it; and if the House of. Repre-
sentatives really think it is important for us to
come here in the middle of November, I for
one wilt be glad to do so. My own judgment is
that nothing can be gained by coming two
weeks earlier than the usual time. The depart-
mental reports are usually made up to the first
Monday of December, and have been time out
of mind. To come here two weeks sooner
would probably only anticipate the making of
the ordinary annual reports. By law those
reports are made on the first Monday of Decem-
ber. They will not be made any sooner because
we have changed the day of adjournment.
Therefore, we gain nothing by coming here
before the usual time. If, however, there is
anything in the condition of the country unusual
or unnatural that in the opinion of the House
of Representatives ought to call us here two
weeks e.arlier, 1 have not the least objection to
come; but I must be allowed to express my
opinion in the first place that there is no such
occasion, and therefore I think we ought to
adjourn to the usual time.
Now, it is not right, it seems to me, for me
to discuss another proposition named by the
Senator from Massachusetts. He says that
the President must be removed from office.
Mr. SUMNER. Or Congress must stay
here to watch him. I put the alternative
proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. If Congress must stay
here to watch him we ought to vote down the
proposition of the Senator from Massachusetts.
We ought to insist thatbe either take one posi-
tion or the other. Now, it does seem to me a
very strange thing that a judge by whose vote
alone the President can be removed should
declare that he must be removed. We cannot
remove the President of the United States
until after .another political body has declared
that he should be impeached, and that body
have their proposition before us to adjourn
until the middle of November. Now, shall we,
the judges, who can only act after the indict-
ment is found, after the grand inquest has-
been held, decide beforehand that the Presi-
dent ought to be removed before the House
of Representatives have laid any indictment,
when a committee of that House have declared
that the case has not yet arisen for an indict-
ment, and when the House has itself passed
a resolution to adjourn until the middle of
November? It seems to me this will strike
the people of the country with some surprise,
and I think we should not add to that surprise
by following the lead of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. If the House of Representatives
desire to present an impeachment of any offi-
cer of the Government, I am perfectly willing
to stay and try him. No such case is presented.
The only question now before us is, whether
we shall adjourn to the time proposed by the
House of Representatives, the middle of No-
vember, or whether we shall adjourn to the
first Monday in December. That is a question
of very small moment in which I have no feel-
ing, because I should be perfectly willing to
come back here in the middle of November if
the Senate thought there would be occasion for
it; and if, after we have expressedour views,
the House shall insist on a session in the mid-
dle of November I am perfectly willing to
yield. Certainly I see no occasion for us to
come here in the middle of the elections, when
several of the principal States in the Union will
be engaged in canvassing, when many of our
political friends will be upon the stump before
the people, when the very issues we are now
and have been discussing will be before the
people, when the great State of Is ew York and
the State of Illinois and many of the western
States, and many States in the East will be
holding their elections. Is it worth while for
us to come here from that arena to again dis-
cuss these matters here? I think not. My im-
pression is that we ought to adjourn to the usual
time; at least until after all the elections are
held in all the States, which will be after the
first Monday of November.
' Mr. WILSON. The House of Representa-
tives by a decisive majority fixed upon the 13t,fa
day of November as the day of meeting. I
hope the Senate will concur with the House
in fixing that day, and therefore I hope the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Ohio
will not be agreed to. As to what we have
heard in this message to-day, I regard it as the
tnost trifling piece of rhetoric I have ever
heard for a long while. It will not have the
slightest effect North or South. While men
are writing such things, that people are settling
their own destiny, and nothing can be doi^e at
Washington to prevent it, and it will be right
aud for the country, and I have no anxiety in
regard to it or anything that can be done.
But the House of Representatives by a large
vote have fixed upon this da3', the 13th of
November, and I hope that we shall agree with
the House; that these amendments will be
voted down. I remember when 
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts that I have no desire
at all to vary the time fixed by the House; but
the form of the resolution as sent to us is not
adapted to the changed condition because tho
blanks would have to be filled. The language
I adopted is the ordinary form of an adjourn-
ment and to be followed. As to the time fixed
I adopted the suggestion of Senators all around
me. The Senate can very easily put in the very
time fixed by the House without any trouble.
Mr. WILSON. It will be remembered that
the House took this vote at a time when it was
quite full. A large number of members have
gone home since that time. The House now
is a very small body, with but a few over the
number necessary for a quorum. Perhaps to-
morrow it will be smaller than it is to-day.
Therefore I do not think we ought to differ
from the deliberate judgment of a large ma-
jority of that body, and I hope we shall agree
to the time fixed by the House of Represent-
StlV6S
Mr. BUCKALEW. I do not know what
disposition exists in the House at this time.
I know that one of the members of that branch,
in conversation, states to me that in his opin-
ion, if the Senate send this resolution back to
them amended, as now proposed by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, they would very promptly and
cheerfully concur in it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Several have said so to
me.
Mr. BUCIvALEW. How the fact may be
I do not know. One thing is certain ; if the
House do not desire this change to be made
they can say so, and then we shall have an
authcutic expression of their opinion and can
act upon it.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
ner] who first spoke, maintains his usual
position at the end of this session. I do not
remember any occasion when that member
supported a resolution of adjournment. I do
not remember an occasion when he did not
vote for reassembling when the opportunity
was afforded him at an early date. In fact I
suspect that, if the truth were known, the ^
Senator from Massachusetts would be pre-
pared with business the whole three hundred
and sixty-five days of the year, and that if we
consult liis views we should make a French
revolutionary assemblage of the two Houses
of Congress; we should be in permanent ses-
sion without vacation and without recess.
But, sir, what I desired to say in rising, as
our proceedings are published and go to the
people of this country and throughout the
world and are recorded for history, was this :
that in ray opinion the Senator from Massa-
chusetts forgets his audience and forgets the
place where he speaks, in the remarks which
he now submits to us, in an alternative form to
be sure, but yet conveying pretty expressly and
