736.
IIP G0NUp3S10NAiH.GI.0BE.
July I%
in the same thing—the refusal of the House ,to
permit representation frori> such* part? of the
Union as were- not in a.ccord politically -with
the majority of the House. The result is the
same in either case, whether there was an actual
expulsion or an unwillingness or refusal to per-
mit persons from certain States to, occupy seats.
This, I suppose,^ w^s the view intended to be
taken of this matter by the gentleman referred
to. He 'did not, I presume, design to speak
by way of censure upon the action of the com-
mittee of which the gentleman is chairman.
Mr. DAWES. M,r. Speaker, I have not the
same facilities as the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Pruyn] for knowing what the gen-
tleman in the British Parliament intended to
say. I am compelled to take what he did say
as an indication of what he meant. 1 think
I have given to the statement all the attention
that is due from the American House of Rep-
resentatives to so groundless a charge made in
the British Parliament. Therefore I do hot-
care to pursue the question further.
TRIBUTE TO MR. LINCOLN.
Mr. JUDD. I - ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution :
Whereas about a year since a stono commemorat-
ing tho virtues of Mr. tinooln was transmitted by
the people oi Koine to the President of the United
States, bearing a Latin inscription, of which the lol-
iowiner is a translation: "Thecitizens of Rome dedi-
cate this stone, taken from the tomb of Servius Tul-
lius, to Abraham Lincoln, a President for the second
term of the United States of Amoriea, by which tho
memory of either brave defender of liberty may bo
joined to that of tho other;" and whereas this
beautiful memorial has been allowed to remain in
the cellar of the Whito House, whero it now lies
surrounded with the usual rubbish of such a place:
Therefore,
Resolved by the House of Representatives, That tho
President of the United States be respectfully ro-
guested to cause tho samo to bo sent to this body, that
it may be given a conspicuous place in tho national
Capitol.
And be it further resolved, That in case it cannot bo
found till after the close of the present session the
Commissioner of Public Buildings be directed to
institute a search for tho same, and in caso it be suc-
cessful that he'eause the block to bo placed in tho old
Hall of the IIouso of Iiepresontativos, to tho end that
this beautiful tribute to tho memory of our late Pres-
ident may bo preserved to the nation.
There was no objection ; and the preamble
and resolution were accordingly received.
The SPEAKER. There is now no Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings.
Mr. .1UDD. I will modify the resolution in
that respect, and say it shall be referred to the
officer who has charge of the public buildings.
The SPEAKER. He is an officer of the
Engineer corps.
Mr. JUDD. Mr. Speaker, without detailing
any of the facts relating to this matter, without
impugning anybody or anything, I will only
say that the facts stated in that preamble and
resolution are true. I think it is due to the
nation that stone from the Liberals of Rome
to commemorate the deeds of Abraham Lin-
coln should have a proper space in out archives.
The preamble and resolution were adopted.
Mr. JUDD moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed.
MISSOURI CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. NOELL presented the memorial of
William P. Switzler, contesting tho right of
Hon. George W. Anderson to a seat from the
ninth congressional district of Missouri; which
w'as referred to the Committee of Elections,
and ordered to be printed.
assassination committee.
The question in order, as unfinished busi-
ness, was a motion made yesterday by Mr.
Butler to suspend the rules to introduce the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the committee for the investigation
of the assassination of the President be, and is, au-
thorized to conduct tho investigation by such sub-
committees as the committee may appoint, and at
such places as may be convenient; and such sub-
committees shall be authorized to administer oaths-
Mr. B.OSS. I objected to that resolution
yesterday supposing there were nine members j
 n the committee. I wanted a sub-committee,'
to consist of of, least three j but as there are
only five on. the committee I withdraw nay
objection.
Tke resolution was adopted.
Mr. BOSS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to,.
investigation of pay department.
Mr. LINCOLN. I ask unanimous consent
of the House to submit the following preamble
and resolution:
Whereas it is rumored and believed that frauds and
peculations are being committed in the ofHcte of the
Paymaster General: Therefore,
Be it resolved, That a committee of fiv<j members
of this House be appointed by the Speaker, whoso
duty it shall be to investigate the workings of the
Paymaster General's offico and all transactions con-
nected with the pay department, with a view to
detect the errors and frauds therein, with power to
employ a clerk and stenographer, and to send for
persons and papers, with the privilege of holding
their sessions during the recess of the session of Con-
gress, and in such number and places as said commit-
tee shall deem best for the public interest, with the
privilege of reporting at any time they may bo pre-
pared to do so.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
Mr. LIN COLN. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. ROSS. I do not think there are mem-
bers enough on all these committees.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
50, noes 38. ;
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Lincoln and
Mr. Van Thump were appointed.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If the rules be sus-
pended, will it be in order to move an amend-
ment to the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It will if the previous
question be not demanded and seconded.
Thte House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 70, noes 29.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. IN GERSOLL. I ask the gentleman
from New York to yield to me.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to say a
word.
Mr. LINCOLN. I cannot yield, but demand
the previous question.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. If we cannot be
heard I hope that the resolution will bo voted
down.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I wish to put a ques-
tion to the Chair. Does not this resolution
assume that these frauds have been committed?
The SPEAKER. That is not a parliament-
ary question.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I want to know whether
this House is ready to vote for a resolution 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. LINCOLN. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SCHENCIC. I desire only to make a
suggestion. The gentleman is probably in pos-
session of some facts which induced him to
offer a resolution of this kind to the House.
Now, without calling the previous question and
bringing members of the House to vote in the
dark, which will probably result in the loss of
his proposition, which may be founded upon
something rendering investigation proper, I
appeal to him to explain to the House why he
offers a resolution of this kind, not confining
himself to the general allegation that it is ru-
mored and believed that there are frauds and
peculations. I have no doubt the House would
be willing to order an investigation if it can
be founded upon the statement of any member
of the House showing probable cause. I have
no doubt under these circumstances "those
whose conduct is proposed to be investigated
would be perfectly willing the investigation
should take place. But it seems to me it is
proper for the gentleman to disclose to the
House some of the reasons why he offers the
resolution.
Mr. LINCOLN. 'I withdraw the demand
for the previous question for the purpose of
saying a word in explanation. Charges and
allegations have been made that there are
transactions connected with the paymaster's
office that need investigation. Several Gentle-
men in connection with myself have for" three
or four months been looking into matters con-
nected with the operations of that office, and
we have in our possession papers and facts
which lead us to believe that the transactions
of the bureau ought to be investigated. There
are allegations that have been made and to be
made that clearly need investigation. I do'not
propos® here to reiterate the charges, or make
specifications. 1 will only say this: that there
are persons connected with that department
and in this House who are cognizant of facts,
who have evidence before them which satisfies
them that this investigation is demanded.
Mr. PRO*YN. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say members of this House?
Mr. 'LINCOLN. There are members of the
House who have seen letters and heard state-
ments which lead them to believe that the
investigation is demanded.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
allow me a moment?
Mr. LINCOLN. Yes, sir.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems to me it is
improper for us to appoint special committees
on outside hearsay statements. I do not know
that any member of the House can vouch for
the responsibility of the charges by stating by
whom they are made or in what paper'he finds
them, or who writes communications embody-
ing them. They are based, as I understand,
on mere rumor, without disclosing to the House
the names of the persons who give currency to
them. That, 1 apprehend, is not sufficient for
the appointment of a committee of investiga-
tion. All these special committees are em-
powered to employ a clerk and stenographer,
and to travel over the country doing business
which the committees, of this House are ade-
quate to perform, it seems to me, in a great
many instances now. I would like to know
of some basis or other for the appointment of
a committee of investigation into the affairs of
that bureau; for in all my business transac-
tions with it or with its head I have found none
that is conducted with more wisdom or dili-
gence than that of the pay department of the
Government. I would like t  have something
that is tangible, some basis for our action. It
is said a clerk has made some statements, aud
that somebody else has written a letter ; but
who the clerk is and who wrote the letter the
Lord only knows. Let us know who make
the charges.
Mr. LINCOLN. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Wisconsin.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I know
nothing about this matter. Like the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Fabnswoi-.th,] I have
always had the highest opinion of the pay
department and its management. But I under-
stand from gentlemen that there is good cause
for this investigation, and I call upon my col-
league,' [Mr. Cobb,] who has investigated this
matter, to make-.a statement to the House of
his knowledge on the subject. I certainly do
not wish to vote for a resolution that shall cast
any reflection upon any department of the
Government unnecessarily, and if there are
any facts in addition to those stated I shall be
glad to hear of them.
Mr. COBB. I did not design to say a word
upon this subject, nor should I have done so
had I not been called upon by. name by my
colleague, [Mr. Washburn.] I have not pre-
pared any remarks, and I was not aware until
a moment ago that this resolution was to bo
offered. But I will state that some time last
winter I was called upon by a gentleman who
formerly served with me in the Army, and has
since been acting as a claim agent in this city,
to go with him and hear an investigation before
the Second Auditor of the Treasury and the
Second Comptroller in regard to certain claims
that had been filed in the pay department, and
had been transferred to the Second Auditor
for settlement. They were the claims of cer-
