1887.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
737
vestiga-
before
bain colored soldiers. I heard the inv<
tion and the evidence and arguments before
those two officers, and that investigation dis-
closed a state of things which led me to wonder
why the gentlemen connected with the pay
department have rested so long without an
investigation a£ the hands of Congress, or some
competent tribunal of the. Government, so that
the facts vindicating them may be spread before
the country. It is no friendship toward the
officers of this department for gentlemen here
to attempt to stifle investigation.
I cannot now enter into a particular account
of this matter, but will briefly,state that these
claims were of those filed in the pay depart-
ment by the late Jacob Lowanth&ll, claim
agent, of this city. In the course of this inves-
tigation it was pretty clearly proved that a
large number of claims had been paid to Low-
anthall, as agent for colored soldiers, upon
papers made out in this city and never seen or
signed by the soldiers whose claims they pur-
ported to be, and the evidence left a painful
impression upon my mind that at the time
of their payment these claims were known to
be forgeries by some connected with the pay
department. It seemed from evidence read at
that investigation that papers purporting to be
from each man of several colored regiments
mustered in and mustered out at New Orleans,
and not a man of whom had ever been further
north than that city, had been presented by
Lowanthall, and which purported to have been
executed before one J. Trubner Lovejoy, a
notary public of New York, but which were
really fraudulently executed on Pennsylvania
avenue, in this city, in the office of these
claim agents. These claims were paid by the
pay department when, to say the least of it,
there were circumstances or appearances of
suspicion about it sufficient to nave put the
disbursing officers on their inquiry.
I will only add that gentlemen may remem-
ber the account of this matter that was pub-
lished some time last winter in the New York
Times. I read that account when the facts as
elicited were fresh in my memory; and so far
as that account purports to give the facts as
brought out in the said investigation it is true
and fair, and gives the same much fuller and
more perfectly than I can at this time.
Mr. Speaker, like other gentleman here, I
have great respect for the officers of this de-
partment, but I do think that an investigation
should be made into these facts.
Mr. LINCOLN. I yield now for a moment
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
WOitTH.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. After the statement
we have heard from the gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Cobb,] I shall withdraw all ob-
jection to the appointment of the committee,
i never oppose the appointment of investigat-
ing committees where distinct charges are
made, and it would seem that that is the case
now.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope the gentleman
from New York will modify his resolution. I
do not believe that it is according to parlia-
mentary custom to introduce a resolution of
this character, committing the House to an
expression of a belief in the guilt of the per-
son mentioned in the resolution. I hope the
gentleman will strike out the words '' and
belief."
Mr. LINCOLN. I will do that; and I wish
to say a single word in explanation. Since
February last I have been giving attention to
this subject in connection with other gentle-
men ; and I have in my possession documents
which I believe will establish all that has been
stated by the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Coins.] I did not see fit to make specific
charges here; but I assure the House that
there are now in' the possession of certain par-
ties in this city papers which will show that in
that department claims have been paid which
ought not to have been paid, and that the par-
ties paying them understood this fact perfectly
well. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
40th Conq. 1st Rej-ss.—No. 47.
main question ordered; and.under the opera-
tion thereof the preamble and resolution were
adopted.
Mr. LINCOLN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the preamble and resolution
were adopted ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion, was agreed to.
PAYMENT OF SOTJMBKS' BOtJN'TrKS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I ask unani-
mous consent to offer a resolution which I am
directed to offer by the select Committee on
the Subject of the Payment of Soldiers' Bounty
Claims:
Resolved, That the Committee on Soldiers1 Bounty
Claims be authorized to inquire generally into the
cause of the delay in the payment of said bounties,
with power to examine witnesses and send for per-
sons and papers.
I am instructed by the committee to ask this
additional power, satisfied that they can probe
this thing to the bottom, and show clearly the
cause of the delay iu the settlement of these
claims.
There being no objection, the resolution was
received and adopted.
TAXATION Of OlFT ENTERPRISES.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I ask unanimous eon-
sent to offer the following resolution:
Iieeolved, That the, Secretary of th& Treasury be
directed to eommunieate to this House the facts and
reasons upon which an order was issued on the 3d
day of June, 1S67, by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, exempting George TV. Thomas from the
payment of special tax or other duty on what said
Thomas pretended to be a charitable enterprise.
If the House will permit me to occupy a few
moments, I will state my reason for offering
this resolution. It is not designed to reflect in
the least upon the Secretary ot' the Treasury or
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue. I have
offered it simply with the view of obtaining the
information indicated, so that at the next ses-
sion of Congress we may strike out a very
mischievous provision of the present law giv-
ing a species of governmental toleration to
raffling, gambling, and lotteries, when con-
ducted, as the phrase is, "for charitable or
religious purposes." I understand that in the
case mentioned in the resolution there has been
granted to this man Thomas an exemption frpm
the tax ordinarily imposed by the law, on the
ground that this is a ''charitable enterprise."
I desire to obtain a statement of the reasons
upon which has been based the conclusion that
this is a "charitable enterprise." By Thomas's
programme or circulars, which he is scattering
all over the country, it appears that this scheme
is indorsed semi-officially by the Government,
and on this ground the attention and encour-
agement of the benevolent are claimed for it.
I want to know on what grounds this Govern-
ment has been committed to a lottery, a gam- j
bling operation, designed really to put money in
the pocket of this man Thomas. He would
not dare to open his lottery office in the city
of New York or the city of Chicago. Such
men have been driven out of those cities and
the other money-centers of the North. The
police have scourged all Such persons into
apparent submission to the laws. They have
come here, where there is found a sort of city
of refuge for such lottery dealers and gamblers.
General Howard, it appears, has consented
to act as the distributor of $150,000, which it
is proposed to place in his hands. I can very
easily see how, by certain letters and descriptive
representations. General Howard may have
been induced to consent to act in this capacity,
as I can also understand why this man Thomas
should seek to obtain for his scheme the appar-
ent sanction of a name which is with all good
and true men a tower of strength, and might
induce many to scan less carefully the char-
acter and operations of the design. But, sir,
if General Howard, after having seen the pro-
gramme issued by this man Thomas, and in
which the sanction of his name is publicly
claimed, sits by and suffers this violation of
law and good morals-to be perpetrated with his
tacit approval, then he implicates himself with
those who devise and carry out this unlawful
and immoral scheme. And, sir, if the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, after he shall
have seen this programme, shall still suffer the
name of the Government and the seal of his
office to be used to exempt this man Thomas
from the payment of tax in the prosecution of
this scheme, he then becomes a participant in
its criminality, if criminal it be-
Now, sir, this man Thomas started a lottery
scheme in the city of New York which was the
lather of all the other schemes since flooding
the country. He then proposed to raise some
money for a "Home for the Orphans of the
War." He proposed to raise $250,000, one
half of which sum was to be donated to the
object proposed, the remainder to be invested
in presents for distribution to those who should
purchase tickets. He raised nearly four hun-
dred thousand dollars, and probably gave about
one hundred thousand dollars or less to the
"Home" referred to; the larger part of the
remaining $300,000 he .put into his own pocket.
In this manner presents were given said to be
worth dollars which were not worth so many
cents. So great was the indignation through-
out the country the result was that swin-
dlers of a like kind were driven from the city
of New York, and this man Thomas dare not
open this second lottery and swindling scheme
in that city. But, sir, he next started the
picture dodge. He is to give a man a picture
probably worth about ten, twenty-five, or .fifty
cents. He has an office in this city where he
claims to have the pictures exposed, as Peter
Funks generally do. He has probably some
artistic specimens which he exhibits for people
to look at. He now proposes to raise $500,000,
of which $150,000 for the destitute in the
South is to be placed in the hands of General
Howard; $150,000 in money is to bo drawn
as prizes, thus giving the character of a loitery
to the project. I have the programme in my
hand. It is a lottery pure and simple which
has been denounced and made illegal by every
Christian community as antagonistic to good
morals. Three hund red thousand dollars is to
be disposed of in this way, and the remaining
$200,000 principally is to go into the pocket of
Thomas. It is to be conducted I presume as
the New York scheme, so at least has h'een
claimed; and I want to say that that scheme was
a fraud, a cheat, and a swindle. I want, sir,
that some expression shall go forth from this
House, inasmuch as it seems to be indorsed
by men in whom we all have confidence. It
is for that reason I have made this statement—
that this branch of the Government shall
brand any attempt to violate the letter or spirit
of the law against gambling, no matter how
careful the originators may be to conceal the
design under specious pretexts or behind hon-
orable names.
The fact of all this effort to sugar-coat and
gild this crime only intensifies the guilt and
makes the criminal more deserving reproba-
tion. To bestow prizes eannot be done in any
lawful manner by even "five prominent citi-
zens,'1 as he claims. The very proposition is in
contempt of the law and an outrage to the
moral sentiment of the nation. Gaming and
lotteries with the sanction of religious socie-
ties under the guise "of aids to the church,
covered oftentimes with the mantle of charity
to the sick and needy, have done far more of
evil to all classes, ages, and even sexes, to
promote and encourage the spirit which leads
to the dice-box and faro table than all the
open lotteries and public gaming-tables iu the
country.
The resolution was adopted.
MISSISSIPPI RIVER.
Mr. PILE. Mr. Speaker, I have in my hand
a report made under act of Congress by Cap-
tain, now Major General, A. A. Humphreys on
the physics and hydraulics of the Mississippi
river and the protection of the alluvial lands
from overflow. The large part of this report
is purely scientific, and probably not interest-
ing to the general public. There are three
chapters, one on the Mississippi river below
