742
T&E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19i
dier or an officer of the Army detailed for a
civil service, perhaps the most important in a
State, with the duties of which he is altogether
unfamiliar. • This bill says he shall not be bound
in his action by the opinion of any civil officer
of tie United States. The duties of the office
are altogether civil, but when he asks for an
opinion he can only ask the opinion of another
military officer, who, perhaps, understands as
little of his duties as lie does himself; and-as to
his " action," he is answerable to the military
authority, and to the military authority alone.
Strictly no opinion of any civil officer, other
than a judge, has a bindingforce; but these mili-
tary appointees would not be bound even by a
judicial opinion. They might very well say,
even when their action is in conflict with the
Supreme Court of the United States, "That
court is composed of civil.officers of the Uni-
ted States, and we are not bound to conform
our action to any opinion of any such au-
thority. ''
This bill and the acts to which it is supple-
mentary are oil founded upon the assumption
that these ten communities are not States, and
that tlieir existing governments are not legal.
Throughout the legislation upon this subject
they are called "rebel States," and in this par-
ticular bill they are denominated "so-called
States," and the vice of illegality is declared
to pervade all of them. The obligations of
consistency bind the legislative body as well
as the individuals who compose it. It is now
too late to say that these ten political commu-
nities are not States of this Union. Declara-
tions to the contrary made in these three acts
are contradicted again and again by repeated
acts of legislation enacted by Congress from
the year 1861 to the year 1867. During that
period, while these States were in actual re-
bellion, and after that rebellion was brought
to a close, they have been again and again
recognised as States of the Union. Repre-
sentation has been apportioned Lo them as
Suites. They have been divided into judicial
districts for the holding of district and circuit
courts of the United States, aa States of the
Union only can be districted. The last act on
this subject was passed July 28, 1866, by which
every one of these ten States was arranged into
districts and circuits. They have been called
upon by Congress to act through their Legisla-
tures upon at least two amendments to the
Constitution of the United States. As States
they have ratified one amendment, which re-
quired the vote of twenty-seven States of the
thirty-six then composing the Union. When
the requisite twenty-seven votes were given in
favor of that amendment, seven of which votes
were given by seven of these ten States, it was
proclaimed to be a part of the Constitution of
the United States, and slavery was declared
no longer to exist within the United States or
any place subject to their jurisdiction. If these
seven States were not legal States of the Union
it follows as Ihe inevitable consequence that,
in some of tho Stales slavery yet exists. It
does not exist in these seven States, for they
have abolished it also in their State consti-
tutions ; but Kentucky not having done so it
would still remain in that State. But, in truth,
if this assumption that these States have no
legal State governments be true, then the abo-
lition of slavery by these illegal governments
binds no one, for Congress now denies to these
States the power to abolish slavery by denying
to them the power to elect a legal State Legis-
lature. or to frame a constitution for any pur-
pose, even for such a purpose as the abolition
of slavery.
As to the other constitutional amendment
having reference to suffrage, it happens that
these States have not accepted it. The conse-
quence is that it has never been proclaimed
or understood, even by Congress, to be a part
of the Constitution of the United States.
The Senate of the United States has repeatedly
given its sanction to the appointment of'judges,
district attorneys, and marshals for every one
of these States; and yet, if they are not legal
States, not one of these judges isauthorized to
hold a court. So, too, both _ Houses of Con-
gress have passed appropriation bills to pay all
these judges, attorneys, .and officers of the
United States for exercising their functions
in these States. Again, in the machinery of
the internal revenue laws, all of these States
are districted, not as "Territories," but as
"States."
So much for continuous legislative recogni-
tion. The in,stances cited, however, fall far
short of all that might be enumerated.
Executive recognition, as is well known, has
been frequent and uuwavering.
The same may be said as to judicial recogni-
tion through the Supreme Court of the United
States. That august tribunal, from first to last,
in the administration of its duties in banc and
upon the circuit, has never failed to recognize
these ten communities as legal States of the
Union. The cases depending in that court upon
appeal and writ of error from these States
when the rebellion began have not been dis-
missed upon any idea of the cessation of juris-
diction. They were carefully continued from
term to term until the rebellion was entirely
subdued and peace reestablished, and then they
were called for argument and consideration as
if no insurrection had intervened. New cases
occurring since the rebellion have come from
these States before that court by writ of error
and appeal, and even by original suit, where
only " a State " can bring such a suit. These
cases are entertained by that tribunal in the
exercise of its acknowledged jurisdiction, which
could not attach to them if they had come from
any political body other than a State of the
Union. Finally, in the allotment of their cir-
cuits, made by the judges at the December
term, 1865, every one of these States is put on
the same footing of legality with all the other
States of the Union. Virginia and North Caro-
lina, being a part of the fourth circuit, are
allotted to the Chief Justice. South Carolina,
Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, and Florida
constitute the fifth circuit, and are allotted
to the late Mr. Justice Wayne. Louisiana,
Arkansas, and Texas are allotted to the sixth
judicial circuit, as to which there is a vacancy
on the bench.
The Chief Justice, in the exercise of his cir-
cuit duties, has recently held a circuit court in
the State of North Carolina. If North Caro-
lina is not a State of this Union the Chief
Justice had no authority to hold a court there,
and every order, judgment, and decree ren-
dered by him in that court were coram non
judice and void.
Another ground on which these reconstruc-
tion acts are attempted to be sustained is this:
that these ten States are conquered territory;
that the constitutional relation in which they
stood as States toward the Federal Govern-
ment prior to the rebellion has given place to a
new relation; that their territory is a conquered
country and their citizens a conquered people,
and that in this new relation Congress can gov-
ern them by military power.
A title by conquest stands on clear ground.
It is a new title acquired by war. It applies
only to territory; for goods or movable things
regularly captured in war are called "booty,"
or if taken by individual soldiers, "plunder."
There is not a foot of the land in any one
of these teu States which the United States
holds by conquest, save only such land as did
not belong to either of these States or to any
individual owner. I mean such lands as did
belong to the pretended government called the
confederate States. These lands we may claim
to hold by conquest. As to all other land or
territory, whether belonging to the States or to
individuals, the Federal Government has now
no more title or right to it than it had before the
rebellion. Our own forts, arsenals, navy-yards,
custom-houses, and other Federal property
situate in those States we now hold, not by the
title of conquest but by our old title, acquired
by purchase of condemnation for public use,
with compensation to former owners. We have
not conquered these places but have simply
"repossessed" them. If we require more sites
for forts, custom-houses, or other public use,
we must acquire the title to them by purchase
or appropriation in the regular mode. At this
moment the United States, in the acquisition of
sites for national cemeteries in those States,'
acquires title in the same way. The Federal
courts sit in court-houses owned or leased by
the United States, not in the court-houses of the
States. The United States pays each of these
States for the use of its jails. Finally, the Uni-
ted States levies its direct taxes and its internal
revenue upon the property in these States,
including the productions of the lands within
their territorial limits; not by way of levy and
contribution in the character of a conqueror,
but in the regular way of taxation under the
same laws which apply to all the other States
of the Union.
From first to last, during the rebellion and
since, the title of each of these States to the
lands and public buildings owned by them
has never been disturbed, and not a foot of
it has ever been acquired by the United States,
even under a title by confiscation, and not a
foot of it has ever been taxed under Federal
law.
In conclusion, I must respectfully ask the
attention of Congress to the consideration of
one more question arising under this bill. It
vests in the military commander, subject only
to the approval of the General of the Army of,
the United States, an unlimited power to re-
move from office any civil or military officer in
each of these ten States, and the further power,
subject to the same approval, to detail or ap-
point any military officer or soldier of the Uni-
ted States to perform the duties of the officer
so removed, and to fill all vacancies occurring
in those States by death, resignation, or other-
wise. The milit^y appointee thus required to
perform the duties of a civil office, accord-
ing to the laws of the State and as such re-
quired to take an oath, is for the time being a
civil officer. What is his character ? Is he a
civil officer of the State or a civil officer of the
United States? If he is a civil officer of the
State, where is the Federal power under otu-
Constitution which authorizes his appointment
by any Federal officer? If, however, he is to
be considered a civil officer of the United
States, as his appointment and oath would seem
to indicate, where is the authority for his
appointment vested by the Constitution?
The power of appointment of all officers of
the United States, civil or military, where not
provided for in the Constitution, is vested in
the President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, with this exception: that
Congress " may by law vest the appointment, of
such inferior officers as they think proper in
the President alone, in the courts of law, or
in the heads of Departments." But this bill, if
these are to be considered inferior officers
within the meaning of the Constitution, does
not provide for their appointment by the Pres-
ident alone, or by-the courts of law, or by the
heads of Departments, but .vests the appoint-
ment in one subordinate executive officer, sub-
ject to the approval of another subordinate
executive officer. So that if we put this ques-
tion and fix the character of this military ap-
pointee either way, this provision of the bill is
equally opposed to the Constitution.
Take the ease of a soldier or officer appointed
to perform the office of judge in one of these
States, and as such to administer the proper
laws of the State. Where is the authority to
be found in the Constitution for vesting in a
military or an executive officer strict judicial
functions to be exercised under State law? It
has been again and again decided by the Su-
preme Court of the United States that acts of
Congress which have attempted to vest execu-
tive powers in the judicial courts or judges
of the United States are not warranted by the
Constitution. If Congress cannot clothc a judge
with merely executive duties, how can they
clothe an officer or soldier of the Army with
judicial duties over citizens of the United
States who are not in the military or naval ser-
vice? So, too, it has been repeatedly decided
