1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
743
that Congress cannot require a State offieer,
executive or judicial, to perform any duty en-
joined upon him by a law of the United States.
How, then, can Congress confer power upon an
executive officer of the United States to per-
form such duties in a State? If Congress could
'not vest in a judge of one of these States any
judicial authority under the United States by
direct enactment, how can it accomplish the
same thing indirectly by removing the State
judge and putting an 'officer of the United
States in his place?
To me these considerations are conclusive
of the unconstitutionality of this part of the
bill now before me, and I earnestly commend
their consideration to the deliberate judgment
of Congress.
Within a period less than a year the legis-
lation of Congress has attempted to strip the
executive department of the* Government of
some of its essential powers. The Constitution
and the oath provided in it devolve upon the
President the power and duty to see that the
laws are faithfully executed. The Constitu-
tion, in order to carry out this power, gives
him the choice of the agents, and makes them
subject to his control and supervision. But in
the execution of these laws the constitutional
obligation upon the President remains, but the
power to exercise that constitutional duty is
effectually taken away.
The military commander is, as to the power
of appointment, made to take the place of the
President, and the General of. the Army the
place of the Senate ; and any attempt on the
part of the President to assert his own consti-
tutional power may, under pretense of law, be
met by official insubordination. It is to be
feared that these military officers, looking to
the authority given by these laws rather than
to the letter of the Constitution, will recognize
no authority but the commander of the district
and the General of the Army.
If there were no other objection than this to
this proposed legislation it would be sufficient.
While I hold the chief executive authority of
the United States, while the obligation rests
upon me to see that all the laws are faithfully
executed, I can never willingly surrender that
trust or the powers given for its execution.
I can never give my assent to_ be made
responsible for the faithful execution of laws
and at the same time surrender_ that trust and
the powers which accompany it to any other
executive officer, high or low, or to any num-
ber of executive officers. If this executive
trust, vested by the Constitution in the Presi-
dent, is to be taken from him and vested in a
subordinate officer, the 'responsibility will be
with Congress in clothing the subordinatewith
unconstitutional power and with the officer who
assumes its exercise.
This interference with the constitutional
authority of the executive department is an
evil that will inevitably saji the foundations of
our Federal system, but it is not the worst evil
of this legislation. It is a great public wrong
to take from the President powers conferred on
him alone by the Constitution; but the wrong
is more flagrant and more dangerous when the
powers so taken from the President are con-
ferred upon subordinate executive officers, and
especially upon military officers. Over nearly
one third of the States of the Union military
power, regulated by no fixed law, rules supreme.
Eachune of the five districtcommanders, though
not chosen by the people or responsible to
them, exercises at this hour more executive
power, military and civil, than the people have
ever been willing to confer upon the head of
the executive department, though chosen by
and responsible to themselves. The remedy
must come from the people themselves. They
know what it is, and how it is to be applied.
At the present time they cannot, according to
the forms of the Constitution, repeal these laws;
they cannot remove or control this military des-
potism. The remedy is, nevertheless, in their
by arbitrary power, or from apathy on their
part too long delayed. With abiding confidence
in their patriotism, wisdom, and integrity, I am
still hopeful of the future, and that m the end
the rod of despotism will be broken, the armed
heel of power lifted from the necks of the peo-
ple, and the principles of a violated Constitu-
tion preserved.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C., July 19,1867.
The SPEAKER. The objections of the
President will be entered at large on the
Journal, in accordance with the requirement
of the Constitution.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, I suppose that we may as well pro-
ceed at once to take the.vote upon this ques-
tion. I am not aware that there is any desire
to discuss the subject. It has been so often
discussed that I presume we all understand
the argument of the President and the argu-
ment against him* If there should be no de-
sire to discuss it on our side, I shall make no
remarks; for I do not wish to take any advan-
tage of other gentlemen by offering remarks
myself and then precluding others from the
same privilege. If there be any such desire,
and gentlemen will indicate it, I do not know
but that a few minutes might very well be
spent in the discussion of the subject.
Several Members. Ca.ll the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. STEVEN'S, of Pennsylvania. I prefer,
myself that the previous question should be
called, and the bill passed and sent to the
other branch of Congress, that they may de-
cide upon it and be enabled to tell us when we
can go home, so that the committee of this
House, so diligently engaged in providing for
the impeachment of the President, may com-
plete their work in the shortest possible time.
Therefore, unless some objection be made. I
shall call the previous question.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stetexs] to yield to
me for a few minutes.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I will
do so.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, I will not
occupy much of the time of the House; yet I
think this message so extraordinary in some
of its declarations that it ought not to go to the
country and the world without some expression
of the effect which it has produced upon at
least one mind here. The language of this
document convinces me of that of which indeed
I had but little doubt before, that from the
oppression which, through the instrumentality
of this man, has rested upon twelve million
people, and which has been only tempora-
rily removed by the measures against which
the President in this document vainlv protests,
there is no relief except in the assertion of that
great power which resides in this House alone,
and for the neglect to exercise that power the
peopile of the country will hold us to a strict
account. Posterity, not intimidated by the
fears which seem to control us, will render its
stern verdict against us if wo hesitate to arraign
the President for the crimes and misdemean-
ors of which he is guilty before the country and
the world. These charges are of the gravest
official character, and it is only by a constitu-
tional and judicial inquiry that we can arscertain
whether the provision of the Constitution which
gives the power of impeachment to this^ House
now is and forever is to be a dead provision.
It is in vain that you seek by legislation to
protect the freedmen of the South, to institute
loyal governments in that region, or to infuse
justice into the public policy of ten States,
while the executive authority of the country,
the command of the Army and the Navy, the
power of nominating to office are in the hands
of Mr. Johnson.
If he be not guilty of high crimes and misde-
meanors then the country must endure the
hands;' it is"toTe found'in the ballot,' and is al evils from which there are no constitutional
if not controlled by fraud, overawed d means of escape. If, however, he be so guilty,
sure one,
and we do not inquire into the facts and then
impeach and arraign the delinquent, then does
he. without relieving himself in any degree,
compel us to bear an equal weight of guilt.
The President of the United States in the
veto message before us uses this language:
" Within a period less than a year the legislation of
Congress bas attempted to strip tbe executi vo de-
partment of the Government of some of its essential
powers. The Constitution and the oath provided in
it devolve upon the President the power and the
duty to see that the laws are faithfully executed.
The Constitution, in order to carry out this power,
gives him the choice of the agents, and makes them
subject to his control and supervision. But in the
execution of these lawsi the constitutional obliga-
tion upon the President remains, but the power to
exercise that constitutional duty is effectually taken
away. The military commander is, as to the power
of appointment, made to take the place of the Presi-
dent, and the General of the Army the place of tho
Senate, and any attempt on the part of the President
to assert his own constitutional power may, under
pretense of law, be met by official insubordination.
It is to be feared that these military officers, looking
to the authority given by these laws, rather than
to the letter of tho Constitution, will recognize no
authority but the commander of the district and the
General of the Army.
" If there were no other objection than this to this
proposed legislation it would be sufficient. While I
hold the chief executive authority of the United
States, while the obligation rests upon me to see that
all the laws are faithfully executed, I can never wil-
lingly surrender that trust, or the powers given for
its execution.
" I can never give my assent to be made responsi-
blefor the faithful execution of laws and at the same
time surrender that trust and the powers which ac-
company it to any other executive offieer, high or
low, or to any number of executive officers.
"If this executive trust, vested by the Constitution
in the President, is to be taken from him and vested
in a subordinate officer, the responsibility will bo
with Congressin clothing thesubordinate with uncon-
stitutional power, and with the officer who assumes its
exercise."
In this paragraph he speaks of the bill he
now vetoes in connection with the acts of the 2d
and the 23d of March, which Congress passed
over his vetoes, and thus made them the su-
preme law of the land. He declares that ha
will never willingly surrender the power of the
Chief Executive of the country, that it rests
with him alone to see that the laws are faith-
fully executed, aud that he will never consent
to their execution through any other instru-
mentality or agency. Holding his version of the
Constitution to be the supreme law and binding
on him, he will set at defiance these laws of the
Congress of the United States, as well as the
bill which now waits upon the Speaker's table
for the constitutional sanction of a two-thirds
majority, which will make it the law of the land.
The Constitution lias made it his duty to see
that the laws of the land are faithfully executed,
and what Congress by its constitutional pre-
rogative declares to be the law is the law to
him. as it is to the humblest citizen of the
Republic, until by the Supreme Court of the
United States it has been decided otherwise.
He has taken an oath to support the Constitu-
tion of the United States, a leading provision
of which is that the President shall see that
the laws are faithfully executed, but Congress
in its discretion may confide their execution to
other officers of the Government. If, how-
ever. there beany bearing in this document it
is that he will not execute this- law though we
may pass it by the constitutional two-thirds
majority, which is the substitute for the execu-
tive signature, and which makes it as much a
law as though he had willingly given it his
assent.
Once for all, sir, I say for myself, and upon
the public records/that a man who by the exer-
cise of unconstitutional authority for twelve or
or eighteen months encouraged war and rapine
and bloodshed throughout ten or eleven States
of the Union, that a man, who by his authority
alone has. as appears by the public record,
declared that he would set at naught your laws
which enact that no man shall be appointed to
office or receive the pay or emoluments of any
office until he had taken the oath prescribed
by the law of 1862 ; that the man who delib-
erately. upon forethought, intentionally sets
aside that law and appointed men to office, and
bv illegal processes procured for them com-
pensation for services in tho--e offices, knowing
