1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
power, before the Senate for trial, according
to the mode, and the only mode, pointed out
by the Constitution to relieve the country of a
bad and unscrupulous ruler. -
Mr. BOYER. Will my colleague yield to
me for five minutes?
Mr. STEVENS,ofPennsylvania. Yes, sir ;
I will give the gentleman that time.
Mr. BOYER. Mr. Speaker, it is a most
extraordinary exhibition that we have wit-
nessed this day in the House of Representa-
tives of the United States. Because th« Presi-
dent has returned in the ordinary manner a
bill with his objections to this House, gentle-
men on the other side think themselves justi-
fied in denouncing him as a fit subject for im-
peachment and removal from office. Yet it is
in the exercise of his clear constitutional power
and duty that the President has returned this
bill with his reasons for not affixing to it his
signature.
The construction put upon the veto message
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Boutwell,] who first addressed the House,
must surely strike every member here as one
in nowise justified by anything in the language
of the document itself. The President has not
in his message said or intimated that he will
forcibly resist this or any other act of Congress
after it has become a law under the forms pre-
scribed by the Constitution; nor has he said
by implication even that he would be unwill-
ing to execute it. He has declared, however,
that he will not willingly surrender the consti-
tutional powers which are vested in him as
President of these United States.  Is he for that
to be denounced? Has he not taken an oath
to obey the Constitution of the United States,
and so far as he is able to "preserve, protect,
and defend" it? Yet for no other reason than
because he assigns constitutional objections to
a bill which has been passed by this House he
is made a subject of fierce denunciation, as if
he had thereby been guilty of a crime. Under
these circumstances perhaps silence best be-
comes those opposed to the impeachment of
the President. Let the speeches of the two
gentlemen from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwbll
and Mr. Bctler] go before the country as ad-
ditional evidences of the malice and intoler-
ance of those who are clamoring for impeach-
ment. I am sure that those speeches, when
read by the people of the country, must be a
convincing proof, if indeed further proof is
needed, of the desperate attempt to grasp at
any excuse for the purpose of removing the
last obstacle to the progress of the Radical ma-
jority toward the complete subversion of the
Constitution of the country and the perfection
and'intrenchment of despotism, not only in
ten States of this Union, but throughout them
all.
Mr. PRUYN. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] yield me five
minutes? [Cries of " Question! Question!"]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I yield
ten minutes to my colleague, [Mr. Williams.]
  Mr. PRUYN. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania decline to yield to me ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not un-
derstand the gentleman from Pennsylvania as
indicating whether he would or would not yield
tothegentlemanfromNewYork, [Mr. Prutjt.]
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, I sympathize most deeply with the
eloquent utterances of my friend from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Boctwell] on this question.
There is a time, it seems to me, when forbear-
ance ceases to be a virtue. There is a time
when timid counsels, "which betray like treason,
must cease to govern the Legislative Assembly
of this nation. I think that this time has now
arrived. For the first time in our history the
Chief Executive Magistrate of this nation
strides into its great council chamber and flings
his mace, in the way of defiance, at our very
feet.
When is this controversy to end ? What is
now the issue ? We stand wide as the poles
asunder upon a question of vital magnitude, on
which the people have again and again passed
directly aud indirectly at the ballot-box; and
we are now referred again by the defiant lan-
guage of the President to the very tribunal
whose verdict has been so often rejected. Are
we prepared to adjourn now, with an utterance
of this sort placed upon our records; with the
declaration publicly and solemnly made that
the President of the United States, the minis-
ter of our will, will not execute that will when
declared in constitutional form? Will he ex-
ecute it in any event? From the experience
of the past—and if we are ever to be wise we
must derive instruction from that school—what
have we to expect ? What is the remedy ? The
President of the United States, charging us
again with a violation of the fundamental law
of the state, proposes a renewed appeal to the
same tribunal that has already again and again
pronounced its verdict, which he has again and
again disregarded.
Mr. ROSS. I would like to ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I do
not wish to be interrupted now.
Mr. ROSS. I only wanted to ask whether
the people have ever passed upon this military
despotism which we are getting up now.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. But, sir,
there is another remedy. It has been indus-
triously disseminated throughout the length
and breadth of the. land that the charges
depending here against the Executive Magis-
trate are merely frivolous. This opinion has
found utterance here, and I am sorry to say
on both sides of the House, while the men who
hold the opposite view, and who might, I sup-
pose, be entitled to claim a mAe charitable
construction, at least on the part of their friends,
are denied the privilege of declaring the rea-
sons which have led them to the conclusion at
which they have arrived. I desire to say now,
in their behalf, that they will be fully prepared,
whenever they are allowed the opportunity, to
show to this House and to the nation that there
is a case and a very grave one to demand their
attention. It is not for me to say now what
that ease is ; I cannot do so without a violation
of confidence as a member of the committee
charged with this question; but I must be
allowed to declare by way of protest against
the suggestions and insinuations that have been
so freely indulged in, that there is a state of
facts developed before them on which they will
be able to go confidently before this House and
before the American people; that there is a
case in which it will be found that the highest
acts of tyranny that distinguished the reigns
of the Tudors and Stuarts have been rehearsed
and reiterated by the present Chief Magistrate
of a republican nation.
I do not speak for others, but I desire to say
now for myself, Mr. Speaker, as a professional
man, educated to some extent in the great
principles of free government, and to some
extent, I think, familiar with the progress of
constitutional liberty in England from its early
and rude beginnings in the great Charta which
was wrested by the barons of England from
King John atRunnymede, down to its glorious
consummation in the revolution of 1688, and
the Bill of Rights which followed and confirmed
it, that there is no case, in my judgment, and
I say it with all proper deference to the opin-
ions of others, in the parliamentary history of
England which will be found to comprehend as
many enormities, as many high political mis-
demeanors, as many invasions of the great
maxims of liberty, as will be found in the pres-
ent one ; and I desire to say further, knowing
what I say, and in full consciousness of the
force of what I utter, but not speaking for
my colleagues who agree with me in opinion,
that I stand ready to make good all I have
here said, whenever this House will afford me
the opportunity, against all comers.
It is proper, however, that I should add there
are great public interests, aside from the mere
question of impeachment, dependent on facts
evolved in the course of this examination, of
which I do not feel myself at liberty to speak.
It may be that they would show that these great
interests require that Congress should not sep-
arate until they, are provided for; I cannot
say, of course, precisely why it is without
revealing more than it belo&gs to me to speak
of; but it seems to me that the time is near,
with an issue on your hands which yon are
required to meet between yourselves and the
Executive who sets your laws at defiance, when
you will see the necessity of looking to these
interests and be compelled to have recourse to
the last and the only true and effective remedy,
by deposing the minister who defies your will
and getting up another in his place who will
respect your authority.
Mr. STEVENS,' of Pennsylvania. I have
about twenty minutes left, which I desire to
occupy myself.
Mr. NIBLACK. If the gentleman yields to
gentlemen on this side, there will be no objec-
tion to extending his time.
Mr. BROOMALL. I object.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I will
yield for three minutes to the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I am will-
ing to accept three minutes if I cannot get any
more.
Mr. PRUYN. I do not think there will be
any objection to extending the time of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania objects.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I yield
to the gentleman from Ohio three minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have said, sir, that I
was willing to accept three minutes of time,
which is not enough to make any argument in
the case, and the most I expect is to be able
to record my declaration.
The Secretary of the Treasury some time ago
in his speech delivered to a mob of this city,
said—I leave it to him after reflection to say
with how much propriety—that he regarded
Congress, the law-makers of the country, as a
"set of tinkers." Sir, I have been sometimes
almost inclined to think we have wasted our
time in tinkering. We have passed one law
after another in our effort to carry out a system
of restoration of the rebel States, which we
all io much desire, and those laws have been
rendered nugatory, have been in effeetstricken
down and made inoperative by hostility both
to us and to the policy we pursue upon the
part of the Executive of the nation. He stands
as an obstruction in the pathway which the
law-making power of this country seeks to
pursue, in order to restore peace to an entire
"and unbroken Union.
I have said before what I now repeat, that
all your attempts by acts of legislation are as
nothing almost while that obstruction remains;
that though you may think to dig little canals
around it or to burrow under it or to climb
over it, your expedients are all unavailing.
The only true remedy is to remove the obstruc-
tion : to put out of the way and degrade from
his office the Executive of the United States,
who stands before the country and the world
defying your attempts to bring about that peace
and restoration which by your legislation you
are endeavoring to obtain.
Sir, I do not know what proofs may have
been produced before the Committee on the
Judiciary, but I do know this; that without
looking into the record which has been made
by their investigation, there is spread upon the
public journals of this country in the shape of
documents to which the name of the President
is attached, enough of history to satisfy me
that he has assumed a position of hostility to
a coordinate branch of the Government and
to the proper rule in this country, which
amounts to a great political crime, for which
he might be, and if we arc true to our duty
ought to be, degraded from the office he holds.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I will
say a few words and then call the previous
question. Let me say at the outset that I
agree precisely with the eloquent speech of
my amiable colleague across the way, [Mr.
