748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
Selye, Shanks, Aaron J1. Stevens, Ihaddeus Stevens,
Xaffe, Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson,
Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn,
Van Wyok, Ward, Henry D. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams, William Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Windom
and Woodbridge—100. '
Kerr, Marshall, Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson, NoelL
Pruyn, Robinson, Boss, Stone, VauAuken, and Van
Trump—22.
NOT VOTING}—Messrs. Delos It. Ashley, Baldwin,
Barnum, Bingham; Blaine, Bromweli, B.ucr, Cake,
Unanler, Dodge, Eckley, Eggleston, Ela, JEliot, Fox,
9ar£e cWfaSs7,oldS Harding, Hopkins,. Jffotchkiss,
Asahel W. Hubbard/ Richard B. Hubbard, Hulburd,
Humphrey taflm Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, Mc-
Carthy, McOiillouA, Morgan, Morrissey, Ifewcomb,
Fetors. Phelps. Plants, POm&roy, Price, Randall,
Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding, Sfcark-
woather, Sstewart. Tabei*6 dwalader C. Washburn,
Stephen F. Wilson, and Wood—48.
So (two-thirds having voted in the affirmative)
the resolution was passed, the objections of the
President to the contrary notwithstanding.
During the roll-call,
Mr. PLANTS said: Upon the question of
reconstruction my colleague, Mr. Shellabar-
ger, agreed with myself to pair with our col-
league, Mr. Morgan. That was the only vote
on which we anticipated the necessity of a pair
of two to one. But I wish to extend the pair
to this vote.
government of the army—again.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the joint resolution concerning the govern-
ment of the Army of the United States; which
was read a first and second time.
_ Mr. BOUTWELK I move to amend the
joint resolution by inserting after the word
"relieved" the words "by the President,"
and X now demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered; and under the oper-
ation thereof the amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I demand the previous
question on the passage of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered.
Mr. ROSS. I demand the yeas and nays on
thepassage of the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The joint resolution was passed.
M r. JiOU PWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
oil the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adjournment of congress.
Mr, FARNSWORTH. I offer the following
resolution:
Rcxohsed, (the Sonato concurring,) That the Presi-
dent of the b.onate and tho Speaker of the House of
ilcprescntativeslshall adjourn their respective IIousos
on Saturday, tho 20th day of July,1867, atl2o'clock,
meridian.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
this is a privileged question. The House has
already adopted a concurrent resolution pro-
viding for an adjournment until the 13th of
November, leaving a blank for the day on
which the adjournment shall take place. The
Chair states this fact that it may be within the
knowledge of the House. The resolution now
offered proposes an adjournment without day.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Thatiswhat Idesire.
I am opposed to a meeting in November.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I think
we had better not dispose of this question until
to-morrow. There are some important matters
yet to be acted upon.
Mr. PRUYN. I desire to ask the Chair
whether this resolution is not inconsistent
with that already passed by the House provid-
ing for a reassembling of Congress in Novem-
ber.
The SPEAKER. That is the fact; but there
is nothing in the rules preventing the House
from sending to the Senate several resolutions
on this subject. It has sometimes happened
that three or four resolutions of this kind have
been passed" by the House, until finally the
Senate has taken up one and acted upon it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I wish to inquire whether
the Chair wishes to be understood as saying
that in case we adopt the resolution offered
by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
worth, J and the Senate should concur in both
our resolutions, there would then be an ad-
journment until December.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot sup-
pose it possible that the Senate will adopt
both resolutions. It would not be respectful
to the Senate to entertain such a supposition.
Mr. WINDOM. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman has
not the floor to make that motion; I have not
yielded the floor.
Mr. DEIGtrS. I desire to suggest to the
gentleman from Illinois to amend his resolu-
tion so as to fix three o' clock to-morrow after-
noon as the time for adjournment. It seems
to me this is preferable, in case any legislation
should require to be perfected to-morrow.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I was about to say
that if there is any legislation necessary to be
done, we can hold a session this evening, or
can meet earlier than usual to-morrow morn-
ing. An adjournment to-morrow at noon will
be very convenient to members who desire to
get away. I think that we ought to adopt this
resolution this afternoon, and send it to the
Senate.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Windom] a
question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farnsworth] is still entitled to the
floor, if he claims it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I yield the floor. I
am willing to leave this matter to the decision
of the House.
Mr. WINDOM. I now renew the motion to
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions.
Tho following petitions were presented under the
rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. DAWES: The petition of Horatio Ames
for compensation for eleven wrought iron guns man-
ulactured for the Navy Department, and asking that
his system of fabrication bo inquired into.
By Mr. JULIAN: Tbo petition of tho Indiana
Yearly Meeting of the Society of Friends, praying
tho location of the Indiantribes of theUnited States
on a tract of land of sufficient size, under the super-
intendence of a competent and humane person,
with a view to their education and their protection
m all their rights.
By Mr. LOAN: The petition of C. M. Commes-
scr, asking for a pension.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, July 20, 18C7.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
_ On motion of Mr. HARLAN, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
selection of officers in washington.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 143.
Mr. JOHNSON. What bill is that?
The Chief Clerk. "An act to regulate the
selection of officers in the city of Washington,
District of Columbia, and for other purposes."
Mr. JOHNSON. Is that read for inform-
ation ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
road for information.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the reading
of the bill at length. I cannot understand it
from its title.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
It provides that it shall be the duty of the mayor
of the city of Washington, District of Columbia,
the Board of. Aldermen, and the Board of Com-
mon Council thereof, to assemble in joint con-
vention, at the City Hall, on the first Monday
in August in each year, and select by ballot all
officers whose appointments are now author*
feed by the charter or by any law of the Uni-
ted States or act or ordinance of the city, or
which may hereafter be authorized thereby; and
that when so assembled they may abolish-any
of the offices now established, or change'the
duties connected therewith, or the compensa-
tion thereof, as they may deem proper or neces-
sary for the interests of the city; but no person
is to be regarded as incompetent to hold any
office or be disqualified therefor on account of
his race or color. -
Mr. JOHNSON. That is enough for my
purpose. That changes the charter of the city
very materially, and I am not prepared to say
whether the change is or is not a wise one. I
object to the consideration of the bill now.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the bill be
proceeded with. It is within the control of
the Senate.
How ?
Because it is on the table,
Mr. JOHNSON.
Mr. SUMNER,
and it is called up.
Mr. JOHNSON.
I do not understand it so.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maryland raises a question of order
under the resolution adopted by the. Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do.
. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will
be referred to the Senate for decision. The
question is, Is it in order to proceed with- the
consideration of this bill?
Mr. POMEROY. I am anxious to proceed
with this bill; but I cannot say that it is in order
under the rule. I thought a motion would be
made to suspend so much of the rule as inter-
feres with proceeding with this bill. I am
anxious to proceed with it; but I cannot vote
that it is in order under the resolution of the
Senate.
Mr. CAMERON^ I move to suspend the
rule so far as this bill is concerned. I believe
that motion is in order.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. CAMERON. I make that motion, to
suspend the rule for the purpose of taking up
this bill from the House.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I raise the question of
order, whether that motion is in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That can-
not be done except on one day's notice, I sup-
pose, to suspend the rule.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the reading of the
rule.
The Chief Clerk read the following resolu-
tion, adopted by the Senate on the 5th instant:
Resolved, That tlie legist alive business.of this session
be confined to romoving the obstructions which have
boon, or are likely to be, placed in the way of the fair
execution of the acts of reconstruction heretofore
adopted by Congress, and to giving to said acts the
scope intended by Congress when the same were
passed; and that further legislation at this session
on the subject of reconstruction, or any other subject,
is not expedient.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow mc to make a remark
on that rule.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is debatable.
Mr. SUMNER. I submit the question
whether that rule is applicable to bills that
come from the House of Representatives? Is
it not to be confined to measures originated in
the Senate? Where a bill has been matured
in the House and has passed that body and
has found its way to this Chamber, I submit
that that rule is not applicable. It is not ap-
plicable surely in express terms. You malie
it applicable only by interpretation. I submit
that a rule like that should not be extended
by interpretation and made applicable to cases
not expressly embraced by its language.
Mr. JOHNSON. The' very purpose of the
rule would be defeated if it bears the inter-
pretation contended for by the honorable
member from Massachusetts. It would place
it in the power of tho House to force upon us
to do what we say ought not to be done, look-
ing to the interests of the public. Our reso-
lution is that we ought to perform no business
except such as is connected with the question
of reconstruction. Ite will not be pretended
