1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
149
that this has anything to do with the question
of the reconstruction of the States.
Mr. GRIMES. It is the reconstruction of
the city.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is the reconstruction
of the city, and the city was not within the
original reconstruction acts - of last March.
We might as well pass a law to reconstruct
the city of Baltimore, and insist that that does
not fall within the limitation in the rule. So
far from the business that comes from the
House being included by interpretation within
the meaning of the rule, it seems to me that
no interpretation of that rule can exclude that
or any other business from the operation of
the rule.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, whether it is still in order, applicable
to this subject. I will state here that when
the rule first came up the Chair supposed the
resolution of the Senate would not embrace
bills sent here from the House, and so ruled,
but he was overruled in that.
Mr. HARLAN. I will only say that thus
far the Senate has not applied that rule to
business that has been sent to the Senate from
the House.
Mr. JOHNSON. Oh, yes, -it has.
Mr. GRIMES. The resolutions of thanks
went over in that way, three of them at one
time.
Mr. HARLAN. I am informed by my col-
league that I am in error in the statement I
have made.
Mr. GRIMES. The votes of thanks to the
three generals went over on that ground ; and
if that were not the rule we should either be
subject to the control of the House of Repre-
sentatives or be compelled to come to the con-
clusion that the business sent to us from the
House of Representatives was not legislative
business and included in that general term
embraced in the resolution. I think we de-
cided correctly that the business of passing
bills is legislative business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, whether the motion to take up this bill
is in order under the rule.
The question being put, it was decided in the
negative.
ADJOURNMENT RESOLUTION.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Secre-
tary be directed to request the House to return
the resolution of adjournment passed last
evening.
Mr. CONKLING. Why?
Mr. CHANDLER. I will give my reason
in a moment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I am told
that it has not yet gone to the House ; it is still
before us.
Mr. CHANDLER. It was ordered to go to
the House, 1 believe; it was passed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has not
yet been sent.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then all the better. I
move a reconsideration of the vote by which
that resolution was passed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Did the Senator vote
with the majority?
Mr._ CONKLING. I should like to know
on which side the Senator from Michigan voted?
Mr. CHANDLER. I voted against it.
Mr. CONKLING. Then 1 do not suppose
it is competent for the Senator to move a
reconsideration.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I move that the
Secretary be directed not to communicate the
resolution to the House of Representatives.
Mr. CONKLING. That is not in order, I
suppose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I do not
know but it is. The resolution/ is before us.
It is under the control of the Senate. In the
the opinion of the Chair the motion is in
order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there not a rule
making it the duty of the Secretary to com-
municate the action of the Senate to the House,
and can you set that aside by a motion ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I do not
think there is any written rule on the subject.
Mr. GRIMES. There is a standing order
of the Senate, which is a rule.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I am in-
formed by the Clerk that there is a standing
order that all that is done here shall be com-
municated to the House. It is not written
down among the rules, but that is the order
of proceeding of course. I am not ready to
say that it is not in order to move to suspend
sending a thing there. I do not know of any
rule that it would violate, though it would violate
the practice and order of proceeding.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
the Clerk read the rule.
The Chief Clerk read the 12th Joint Rule,
as follows :
"12. When a bill or resolution which shall have
passed in one House is rejected in the other, notice
thereof shall be given to the House in which the
same shall have passed."
Mr. CHANDLER. I believe my motion is
in order, and I wish to say a few words upon
it, and I will say them now before the vote is
taken. I notiec that the self-same parties who
are now in favor of adjourning until December
are the same parties who were in favor of
adjourning in the month of April last until De-
cember. It is, I believe, identically the same
vote. I do not know that there is any change.
In the month of April there was a contest for
more than two weeks over the question of a
final adjournment, or an extra session. There
seemed to be a determination on the part of
some gentlemen on this side of the Chamber
in connection with the whole of the other side,
to prevent an extra session of Congress in any
event; and the Conservative Senator from
Maine informed us that if there was any neces-
sity for another session of Congress the Presi-
dent would call us together. 1 then informed
the Conservative Senator from Maine that the
only conceivable occasion for an extra session
that I could see would be the refusal of the
President to execute a law which he himself
declared unconstitutional, and that I did not
believe the President would call an extra ses-
sion of Congress to enforce a law which he him-
self refused to enforce. After a contest of more
than two weeks we finally passed a sort of a
resolution for another session of Congress; but
it was so fixed by the Conservative Senator from
Maine and his friends as to appear to be utterly
impossible that we could get a meeting of Con-
gress, to wit, that if on the first roll-call there
was not a majority of both Houses of Congress
present this session of Congress should fail.
I really hoped, then, that the Conservative
Senator from Maine was right, and that there
would be no necessity for another session of
Congress. I hoped that I was mistaken, and
that the President would in good faith execute
this law, and that no session of Congress would
be called for. But, sir, unfortunately I was not
mistaken, but the Conservative Senator from
Maine was. He had then full confidence in
the President that he would call an extra ses-
sion of Congress if it was needed, and I sup-
pose he has full confidence now that if an
extra session of Congress is needed the Presi-
dent will call it. I have seen nothing since
then that has diminished my confidence in the
President. I have just as much confidence in
him to-day as I had in April or as I had in
December last. He has done no act which has
diminished my confidence in him in the slight-
est degree; and I presume he has done no act
which has diminished the confidence of the
Conservative Senator from Maine. I presume
he has the same confidence in him now that
he had then, as I have. Then, sir, I merely
dreaded the contingency, I feared that it would
be necessary to call an extra session, and when
asked by one of the friends of the Senator from
Maine—I forget whether it was in caucus or in
the Senate—what my evidence was, I had uone.
I had an internal conviction that an extra ses-
sion would be necessary; but still I had no evi-
dence. But now, sir, there is no doubt. The
President, in his defiant and rebellious mes-
sage, has declared to us that he will not exe-
cute our law, substantially, in terms. We know
that he will not do it.
Sir, when we first captured the monster
there was one thing for us to do, and only one;
but instead of doing that we undertook to sur-
round him with nets, to hem him in, to bind
him with nets of zephyr. The very moment
we left he thrust his paw through. The net
was a mere web of zephyr. Now we have met
here, and what have we done? We have
patched up the net. It is the same net;
but we have patched up the hole. It is not a
bit stronger now than it was in April; but we
have mended up the hole. That is all that we
have done. And now this Congress seem to
hope that the same animal that thrust his paw
through the net when it was new will not thrust
it through again when it is merely a patched
net. He leaves us in no doubt whatever about
that. He is more bold than he was then; he
is more defiant; he is more specific. He says :
" Within a period of less than a year the legislation
of Congress has attempted to strip the executive de-
partment of the Government of some of its essential
powers. The Constitution and the oath provided in
vit devolve upon the President the power and the duty
to see that the laws are faithfully executed. Tho
Constitution, in order to carry out this power, gives
him the choice of the agents, and makes them sub-
ject to his control and supervision. But in the exe-
cution of these laws the constitutional obligation
upon the President remains, but the power to exer-
cise that constitutional duty is effectually taken
away.
"The military commander is, as to the power of
appointment, made to take the place of the Presi-
dent, and the General of the Army the place of tho
Senate; and any attempt on the part of the President
to assert his own constitutional power may, under
pretense of law, be met by official insubordination.
It is not to be fer.red that these military officers, look-
ing to the authority given by these laws rather than
to the letter of the Constitution, will recognizc no
authority but the commander of the district and tho
General of the Army."
That is exactly what we meant. There is
no doubt about it at all. We meant just that
and nothing else.
"If there was no other objection than this to this
proposed legislation it would be sufficient. While I
hold tho ehicf executive authority of the United
States, while the obligation rests upon me to see that
all the laws are faithfully executed, I can never will-
ingly surrender that trust or the powers given for its
execution."
And he never will willingly surrender that
power. He tells us so. He does not intend
to execute your law ; and yet you propose,
after having mended your net, to go away and
leave him with the absolute power for four
months and a half to remove your commanders
and to nullify your laws.
Mr. President, I hope that this resolution
will not be carried to the House, and I hope
that no such resolution will pass this body. I
hope this Congress will not adjourn until it
has resolved, in some contingency and at an
early day, to meet again. T hope that that will
be the resolution of this body.
The House yesterday by an almost unani-
mous vote passed a vote which would render
this reconstruction act effective. It lies upon
our tables. If we could pass that bill I should
feel more satisfied to leave the matter in the
hands of the President; but, sir, a single ob-
jection carried it over yesterday, and it could
only be read once; and I fear it will not be
passed before we adjourn.
Mr. ANTHONY. I rise to a question of
order. I do not wish to interrupt the Senator,
but I wish to dispatch business. I submit that
yesterday a resolution was passed amending a
resolution from the House on the subject of
adjournment; and an order was passed, as
will appear by the Journal, instructing the Sec-
retary to communicate that amendment to '.nc
House of Representatives. I understand that
it has not been done. I desire to have the
order of the Senate executed, and then it will
be perfectly in order for th<> Senator fiom
Michigan to move that it be returned from the
House ; but I submit tha'  it is not in order
| to refrain from executing an order of the
[ Senate under an apprehension that it may be
i rescinded. It will be time enough when it is
I rescinded to act according to the vote rescind-
