750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
July 20,
ing it; but until it is rescinded I submit that
it is the duty of the Secretary to carry oat the
order of the Senate, as it appears on the
Journal. I ask that the order with regard to
it from the Journal may be read.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I will move to
rescind that order so far as this resolution is
concerned. I believe that motion will be- in
brder.
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly the Senator can
move to rescind it; but in the mean time, until
the vote is taken, the order must be executed.
That is the point I submit, that the order of
the Senate must be executed; It will then be
competent for the Senator from Michigan to
move to rescind the order or to have the reso-
lution brought back from the House ; but it is
not competent for one Senator to get up and
stop the execution of an order of the Senate
by a motion. That is my point of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Clerk
will read the standing order.
The cnief Clerk. The order which follows
immediately the action of the Senate on the
resolution of the House is as follows:
Ordered, That the Seoretary request the concur-
rence of the House of Representatives in the amend-
ment to said resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. Now, I submit that it is
the duty of the Secretary to carry out that
order, and then the Senator from Michigan can
make any motion he chooses on the subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
no question that it is the duty of the Secretary
to communicate to the House what we have
done under that order. The question is whether
we can suspend it while the resolution is before
us; and if there is no standing rule on the sub-
ject I can hardly say that it is not in order to
make such a motion.
Mr. ANTHONY. With great respect to the
Chair, I do not dispute the right of the Senator
from Michigan to make the motion which he
does. I think his motion is perfectly in order ;
but I do insist that the Secretary shall execute
the order of the Senate. The Senate have
ordered the Secretary to do a specific act.
Now 1 insist that the Secretary shall execute
that order, and in the mean time the Senator
from Michigan can make any motion in order
that he sees lit.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The duty
of the Clerk is not suspended that I know of
by this proceeding. It is a standing order to
carry the action of the Senate to the House;
but still there is a motion pending which is
equivalent to rescinding that order.
Mr. GRIMES. I object to the President
presuming to direct what is the duty of the
Secretary in this behalf. The rule of the Sen-
ate prescribes the duties of the Secretary as
much as they prescribe the duties of the Pre-
siding Officer or of any other officer of the
body ; and it is just as much his duty to exe-
cute that order, without anticipating what may
be the possible action of the Senate, as it is the
duty of the Presiding Officer to decide accord-
ing to the rules prescribed for the performance
of his duties.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is just what I am
trying to do, to prevent him from executing
that order.
Mr. ANTHONY. When a motion is made
to suspend a rule, T submit the rule is not sus-
pended while the debate is going on. The
Senator from Michigan can move to suspend
that order; but in the mean time the duty of
the Secretary is to execute the order of the
Seriate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
wishes to make a reply to the Senator from
Iowa, who seems to assume that the Chair in-
terferes with what he considers the duty of the
Clerk. I made no order about it. The ques-
tion is, whether the motion of the Senator from
Michigan is in order; and what the effect of
making such a motion may be I have not un-
dertaken to decide. I do not know that it sus-
pends the execution of the order of the Senate
for a moment. I have not undertaken to decide
that it does or does not. It leaves the Clerk full
power to execute his duty until it shall be inter-
rupted by the decision of the" Sena,te on this
motion '; but I make no order about it one way
or the other. The Clerk will choose his own
course about it. I do not suppose the Chair
has anything to do with that until the Senate
determines the question.
Mr. POMEROY. I think it is sufficient
notice to him not to execute that order while
we are discussing the question.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire simply to say that
I understood the Chair to decide with me, that
it was the duty of the Secretary to execute the
behests of this body as prescribed to him by
its rules, bnt to go on and intimate to him that
inasmuch as the debate was pending upon the
question of the rescision of this resolution, it
would be proper for him to withhold that mes-
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
did not say that, and said nothing about it at
all. The Chair leaves the Clerk to perform
his duty according to his own idea of it, unless
the Senate countermands him ; but I cannot
say that the motion to suspend this rule is not
in order, inasmuch as I find no rule against it.
Mr. ANTHONY. The decision of the Chair
accords precisely with the question I raised. I
did not mean to raise the question that the
Senator from Michigan was out of order in
making the motion ; I think the motion is
perfectly in order; but I did mean to say it
was the duty of the Secretary to obey the
orders of the Senate without presuming tliat
they may be countermanded. In that I under-
stand the Chair perfectly agrees with me.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Secretary had not
obeyed the order up to the time we assembled
this morning, and we then commenced a dis-
cussion on the question of that very action of
the Senate; I think it is sufficient notice to the
Secretary not to execute the order until the
action of the Senate is determined.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then if there should be
a motion made to repeal any other rule of the
Senate requiring the performance of any duty
by the Secretary, it would be proper for the
Secretary to suspend the execution of that
rule, to suspend the duties that he was per-
forming under it, until he saw whether the
Senate would change its mind or not.
Mr. POMEROY. While the action of the
Senate is pending on a motion of that charac-
ter it is sufficient notice to the Clerk not to
PYPWlt.P t.VlA IMllp
Mr. ANTHONY. Then, in order to suspend
the rule for any time it is only necessary for a
Senator to make a motion that it be suspended,
and it must be suspended until the Senate shall
act upon it, and in that way you may suspend
all our rules.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask a question of
the Senator from Kansas ?
Mr. POMEROY. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand the point
to be whether the fact that a motion is made
to rescind a resolution
Mr. POMEROY. That is not the motion.
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, it is; I beg your
pardon—whether the fact that such a motion
is made arrests and holds just where it is what-
ever the motion covers. I wish to inquire of
the Senator from Kansas if a Senator should
move to rescind the order applicable to a
whole day's proceedings, (because of course it
could cover various bills as well as one,) and
the Senate should proceed to debate that
motion for weeks, whether it be true that by
that operation the whole business of legislation
passing between the two Houses could be
arrested by a single member?
Mr. POMEROY. I could answer the Sen-
ator by saying that it would not, ai)d yet that
does not touch this ease at all.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand the propo-
sition of the Senator from Michigan to be that
by moving to rescind the order he holds this
resolution here pending the consideration of it
in the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Mich-
igan rose to make a motion for the return of a
resolution to the Senate which had gone, as-
he thought, to the House of Representatives.
Then the Senator from Michigan undertook- to
discuss that motion; and that was sufficient-
notice to the Clerk not to execute the order.
That is my point.
, Mr, CONKLING- I deny tlnit for OT/C
because if that be so any Senator .can rise and
enter such a motion, and it might be' discussed}
for three weeks and no business would be done.-
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I do, not,
think there is any question of that sort befoi'e
the Senate. It is not the duty of the Chair tof
decide what the effect of a motion is upon the
standing orders of the body. The Clerk is to
perform his duty until he is arrested by the
decision of the Senate in a contrary direction.
Perhaps that is the true rule.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no point of order
raised on this question. ,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
no point of order raised that I know of. The
Chair decided that the Senator from Michigan
was in order in making his motion; and if he
was he has a right to argue it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am now informed that
the Clerk has obeyed the order of the Senate
and reported the resolution to the House, and
I now desire to enter the motion which 1 first
proposed, that the Clerk be directed to re-
quest the House to return the resolution to the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mo-
tion is in order.
Mr. CHANDLER. While I am up I have
a few remarks more to make, and I may as well
make them here. There is a difference between
the views of the people, in my judgment, with
regard to the present President and the views
of some members of this body. The people,
so far as I know them, certainly the people of
the State which I have the honor in part to
represent, have no confidence whatever in An-
drew Johnson. They believe, as the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] said yester-
day, that he occupies the position to-day with
regard to the rebellion which Jefferson Davis
did three years ago. They have no faith what-
ever in Andrew Johnson. But, sir, there is a
sort of semi-conservative influence springing
up that seems to have faith in Andrew John-
son. This republican conservatism is a sort of
hybrid, and, like all hybrids, it has no power of
reproduction; the race dies out with the first
generation.
It started in 1862. It was started by Wil-
liam H. Seward, the Blair family, and Thurlow
Weed; and the intention was to bury all Rad-
icals ; and, sir, your and my headstones were
prepared. It was attempted then to form a
Union party, to take in all the Copperheads
and the Conservatives and carry the nation.
We had in Michigan one man who turned Con-
servative at that time, a man who represented
my district, by the name of Granger. All the
rest of the delegation were to be buried and
have headstones erected over them, except this
man, who represented the Conservatives. Well,
sir, the people of Michigan had a funeral, and
erected a headstone ; but it was over this Con-
servative ; and that monument of conservatism
is the only one that it has been necessary to
erect in the State of Michigan from .that day
to this. She lias^never had but one pervert,
and over his political remains was raised a
tombstone, ana that tombstone, having to this
day marked the place where he was buried, it
has not been necessary to raise any others.
Michigan from that day to this has had a united
delegation, sound upon radical republicanism.
It was so all over the United States. These
tombstones were raised everywhere in every
State, not over those who were then called
Radicals, for .they were the men who were in
favor of a vigorous prosecution of the war and
who were in lavor of the measures which finally
put down the war, but conservatism at that time
was buried, and nothing more was heard of it
for some time. We had three or four gentle-
men here who used to lecture us upon our
constitutional obligations, and who were still
