1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7ol
members in good standing with the Radical
Rej?hblicans of this body. The Senate know-
to whom I refei\ But conservatism made no
progress until after the close of the war. In
18G5 it again raised its head in an attempt to
unite the rebels North and South with the Con-
servative Republicans in the North. They
erected their platform and appealed to the
people, and the people again went to raising
tombstones. Sir, the path of conservative
republicanism is as clearly marked by tomb-
stones as is the great highway to California by
the carcasses and bones of dead mules. No
man can mistake its path, because" the tomb-
stones are scattered thick all along the route.
In 1866 conservatism again united with rebels
and Copperheads, and appealed to the people
to sustain it; and, as I said before, the people
immediately commenced raising tombstones;
and in every loyal State every single man who
deviated one iota from the Radical platform
had erected over his political grave, " Here
lies the body of a recusant: a man who could
not be trusted by the people." They went
further than that; they took these suspected
men. In my own State I told you where
they commenced raising tombstones ; but, sir,
they commenced it even in this body. There
were men here who were generally sound
upon all great questions ; but occasionally they
switched off and took the Conservative side.
Every such man, without one single exception,
the day his time was out had erected over his
Eolitical grave a tombstone, simply because he
ad not been true to the wishes of the people.
There are several members of this body now
having their seats upon this floor because their
predecessors were not true to the principles
that the people believed in and advocated.
Sir, the people have not yet got done erecting
tombstones. The people are in earnest. Con-
servatism takes root in great cities. The city
of New York is a Conservative city by, I be-
lieve, sixty or seventy thousand majority ; some
other cities are Conservative; but, sir, nine
tenths of the voters of the United States believe
as you and I do, in thorough, sound Radicals.
Mr. President, I had a conversation a few-
years ago with Mr. Lincoln on this subject of
Conservatives. When Thurlow Weed marched
out of our party and shut the door and bade
us good-bye, I went to Mr. Lincoln and urged
tlfat he should bolt the door and leave Thur-
low Weed and his coadjutors out; and I urged
it upon this ground: that outside of our polit-
ical organization Thurlow Weed was harmless;
inside of our political organization he could
do harm. He pretended to have a large Con-
servative vote in the State of New York. In
the course of that conversation Mr. Lincoln
alluded to the large numbers of the Conserva-
tives. Said I, "Mr. Lincoln, I know some-
thing about the strength of the Republican
Conservative party in Michigan. I can put the
entire party in Michigan into a street railroad
car and haul them up lull with two horses."
The party has diminished since that, and I can
now put them in a one-horse chaise and draw
them with a mule. At that time I told him
that I could haul the whole Republican Con-
servative party of the State of New York, out-
side the city of New York, in one railroad
train with one locomotive. Well, sir, to-day,
outside of two or three of the cities in the
great State of New York, I can haul them
in an omnibus. This conservatism has been
growing small by degrees and beautifully less.
The people understand precisely what they
mean, and the people are with this Congress.
They are with the majority in the House of
Representatives who passed that bill yester-
day that we ought to pass to-day. They are
in favor of this Congress either sitting here or
passing such laws as will make it safe for us to
leave here; and I hope that this Congress will
not adjourn until after they have passed the
bill that came from the House yesterday, or
agree to meet at an early day.
Mr. FES3ENDEN. I have been somewhat
puzzled, as I sat here listening to this prepared
attack upon several gentlemen, and particu-
larly upon myself, by the Senator fronsMich-
igan, as to what to say in reply, or whether to
say anything. In the case of any other Sen-
ator in this body I should not have had any
doubt at all; but with regard to the Senator
from Michigan I am somewhat at a loss what
to say. It is quite evident that this prepared,
this thoroughly digested speech of the honor-
able Senator—I beg his pardon and-ihe pardon
of the Senate; I will say of the Senator—was
meant particularly as an attack upon myself.
He has alluded to me over and over again as
"the Conservative Senator from Maine;" and
he has gone on to describe two several occa-
sions on which Conservatives, as he calls them,
have endeavored to unite with the Democrats
in order to overthrow the Republican party,
applying the same term to them that he does
to me. '
It is impossible for me to mistake the aim
and object of the Senator. There can be no
mistake about it, I think, in the mind of any
one who has heard him. I have been aware
for some time that that Senator and some
other Senators on the floor designed deliber-
ately, if they could, to injure my standing and
position, such as it may be, in the party to
which I have the honor to belong. This is
not the first open attack which has been made
upon me by that Senator; and he stands not
alone. I am aware, also, that that Senator—
and he is not the only one—has taken pains
privately to represent me as unfaithful because
I do not agree with him in his notions with
reference to the conduct of some public affairs.
This has not been confined to this body or
to the other House, to running about this
Chamber and into the other Chamber; ithas
even gone into the reporters' offices, where I
have been denounced in the same way; and
divers aud sundry claquers have followed up
the same system. I have taken no notice of
it, because I did not think it worth noticing.
My notion is that the reputation of a public
man must take care of itself; that the people
will judge him from what he does and from
what he says.
Sir, I have been aware that this was the par-
ticular object of the Senator from Michigan,
because I received the other day from the city
where he resides a slip, cut out of a newspaper
of that city I suppose, in which a similar attack
was made upon m'e, and in which I was de-
nounced as opposing impeachment because I
had friends and relatives in office. The accu-
sation has gone the rounds of the papers that
I had friends aud relatives in office, aud that I
was ready to sacrifice my public duty for the
protection of those friends and relatives. I
have taken no notice of it up to this time. It
may be well to do so, if the Senate will excuse
me while I say a word or two upon that sub-
ject. I believe the Detroit newspaper said I
had forty relatives in office. It so happens that
I have three brothers who hold office under the
President of the United States, and it so hap-
pens that neither of them was appointed at my
request or by my suggestion. One of them is
a superintendent of a marine hospital. He was
appointed by Secretary Chase as a particular
mark of regard to my honored father, who
wrote to him requesting it, and not on my sug-
gestion in any way, and it is certainly not a
very great office.
I have another who is a postmaster. Not
only did I not recommend him, but I positively
refused to recommend him; and I occasioned
some hard feelings in my family by refusing to
recommend him, simply because it was out of
the district where I resided, and I considered
it the proper province of the Representative
from that district to act in that matter ; but he
was appointed.
I have another who is an examiner in the
Patent Office. Not only did I not recommend
him, but I never knew he wanted the office.
The Senator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] will
bear me witness that 1 did not ask for it, and
the first intelligence I received of his appoint-
ment was from the newspapers.
That is my offense so far as my brothers are
concerned; and I say now, before -God, that
with regard to each of them I believe they
would despise me in their hearts if they thought
that I could sacrifice one iota of my belief or
hold my tongue for a moment on their account.
Xhey are made of different stuff.
I have been twitted in the newspapers with
the fact that my sons were generals in the
Army. God gave me four sons. [The Sen-
ator paused, evidently suppressing deep emo-
tion.] Three of them volunteered, and the
other volunteered also, but his health broke
down, and he was obliged to stay at home,
much to his regret and sorrow. My youngest
son fell upon his first field. Another had his
arm shattered and his leg shot off. The third
was not wounded, but served and fought in
twenty battles. I never asked for the appoint-
ment of oire of them to any office. They got
their recommendations from their superior
officers, and were appointed generals not on
my recommendation. I did not ask for it. I
told them they must fight their own way. Per-
haps my standing in the Senate might have
been a benefit to them in that particular, and
my kindly relations with the Secretary of War;
but what they got was not from the President.
The two that live are now out of the service
entirely.
Sir,• I have thought it rather hard that news-
papers of my own party should abuse me for
having sons who distinguished themselves in
the war, one of whom was killed and another
shattered. They served their country well
and rose to high rank, which I believe they
deserved. I never heard it said that they
did not, and it appears strange that I should
be abused in the newspapers of my own party
for that which in others would have been con-
sidered a meritorious distinction—having sons
and giving them to the service of their country.
There is one matter that I had forgotten.
While I was Secretary of the Treasury I
appointed a young man, a cousin of mine, to a
twelve-hundred-dollar clerkship. That is the
only relative I appointed. That is the length
and breadth of my offending, unless I am held
accountable for the appointment of the judge
of the district court in my State, whose daugh-
ter my son married, who was recommended by
Judge Clifford, by the chief justice of our
State, and by an ex-chief justice and the lead-
ing members of the bar, and was unquestion-
ably a fit man to be appointed.
I have said thus much in order that it may
be understood exactly what is the length and
breadth of my offending in relation to office.
I may add that when the administration of Mr.
Lincoln commenced I was offered—I did not
ask for it; my friend here [Mr. Grimes] knows,
the fact—an appointment abroad for one of
my sons; and 1 declined it, because, I said,
there were too many in my State who wanted
those offices and they must have them ; and
that if my son wanted to go abroad I would
send him at my own expense. That son vol-
unteered. After he had volunteered—a young
man of education; I had educated him with
the greatest care, and he was then ready to
enter upon the practice of law in New York,
where he had gone—I did ask my friend, the
then Secretary of War, [Mr. Cameron*,] if he
thought him worthy, to give him a commission:
I did not specify what. I told him his age aud
his qualifications. I did not believe he had the
strength to carry a musket; but he would go
as a private soldier if be could not go other-
wise ; and I wrote to my friend asking him if
he could give him a commission; and he did.
That young man was the one who had his arm
shattered in his first battle and a leg shot olf in
another, and who was nominated—not at mv
request, not on my suggestion—being then a
colonel, for brigadier general, and was confirmed
by this body, without being referred, for the gal-
lantry of the action in which he had been.
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator from Maine
will permit me to interrupt him for a moment,
I think he does injustice to himself. He did
not ask me for a commission. I remember
the circumstance very well. He came there
