752
THE OONUKKSSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
tO ask me to appoint some other young man
■from the ranks in his State, and I asked him
if ho had not a son of his own carrying a mus-
ket, He said he had. He did not ask for a
commission; I gave the commission without
his asking for it. I do not think he knew it
would be done until he saw the appointment.
I was glad to do it, and I have been proud
♦hat I did, since I have been aware of the. con-
duct of that young gentleman. I believe his
gallant condact reflected Some credit on my-
self for making the appointment, and I have
been very much gratified, at it. ..
Mr. FESSENDEN. ■ .This is what I have
been twitted tfith.in newspapers of my own
party, one in the city from which the Senator
comes. I can guess under whose suggestion
the attack was made.
I am called a "Conservative" by the honor-
able Senator, and he has shown what he means
by Conservatives—men who act with the Democ-
racy against his party. Let Senators turn to
the record of my votes in this body and find
where I have fallen short. Confidence in An-
drew Johnson is it? No, sir; it is a want of
confidence that actuates me and some others
in those who would assume to direct what they
have not the capacity to direct.
Sir, if I am a Conservative by my vote on this
question and others I am a Conservative in
company with the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois [Mr. Trumbull;] I am a Conservative in
company with -the honorable Senators from
New York, with the honorable Senators from
New Jersey, with the honorable Senators from
Rhode Island, with the honorable Senators
from New Hampshire; and on this question,
as taken at the last session, with one of the
Senators from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson.]
Is he a Conservative too ? And there are other
honorable gentlemen that I can name. Why
then is this attack made upon me, because I
happen to act with the decided majority in this
body on this question? Sir, we must be at
liberty upon great questions of this kind to
exercise our own judgments. I have no fear
whatever of the most critical examination of
my course in this Senate and out of it upon
this question and all other questions. I shall
leave my public record to take care of itself.
If I had the slightest idea that anything the
Senator from Michigan can say would affect it
before thepeople of this country I should look
upon myself with a contempt which I do not
feel at present.
Mr. President, the time has come undoubt-
edly when there is a very serious difference of
opinion in Congress upon a very important
question. With regard to the Senate, I have
• considered that upon that question it was not
proper for a Senator to express an opinion, or
even, if he could avoid it, to form an opinion.
My idea has been that a man who is to be a
judge and try another in anygiven event under
the sanction and solemnity of an oath was
bound, as an honest and conscientious man,
not only not to form an opinion, but if possi-
ble to keep his mind as free as he could from
prejudice and passion, so that he might come
to the examination of it calmly and quietly,
resolved to try honestly and decide fairly,
without feeling, without anger, without mal-
ice, and without having committed himself
by denunciations of the individual. That is
my idea. It is not the idea of other mem-
bers of this body. They think that it is proper
for them to come to such an examination, if
it is had, with temper, with malignity, with
denunciation, and with every eS'ort to excite
the^ public mind as well as their own. That is
their idea. It does not agree with mine.
Mr. POMBROY. I hope the Senator will
pot reflect upon all the members of the Senate
in that direction.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; _ I said of
"other members;" not all, judging merely
from the demonstrations that have been made
here. Gentlemen must judge for themselves.
I complain of nobody. It is for every man to
make his own mark, and move in his own line.
I shall act upon mine.
Wi.tk regard to this great question, as a mat-
ter o.f policy, as a matter of good sense, I have
not withheld my opinion upon it from my
friends or from anybody who wanted to know
it; and perhaps that opinion is well known
and understood. But, sir, I await events.
When they come I trust I shall be prepared to
meet them, in my place, and, I hope, with an
honest and pure mind. I shall try so to meet
them, at any rate. Whether I am in the ma-
' jority or minority will make no difference to
me personally.
But, sir, it does make some difference to me
how, I am judged by the country; and, as I
said before, I shall leave that country to decide
upon so .insignificant a matter as what my
public course has been; and I trust it will try
me by my record, what I have voted here, upon
which I desire, in any particular, the Senator
or anybody else to lay his finger and call me to
-an account for what I have said here or else-
where. So long as I can keep in company
with the honorable Senator from Illinois, the
Senators from New York, one of the Senators
at least from Massachusetts., and all the Sen-
ators from New England perhaps, except one,
.and be sustained by them in the course that I
take, I shall endeavor to rest as quiet as possi-
ble under the denunciation of even so potent a
man as the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator has brought up his family record and
exhibited it to this body in answer to the re-
marks that I made. 1 never alluded to his
family record at all. He says that a newspaper
in Detroit printed an article on the subject. I
have nothing to do with the Detroit newspa-
pers. I never wrote a line for a newspaper
nor saw an article before it was published:
nor did I ever see the article to which lie
alludes in my life. Will the Senator hold me
responsible for all that the newspapers in
Michigan may say ? Sir, I took the Senator
from Maine on his public record and on his
public declarations on this floor; and I made
no allusion to his %nily record, or any other,
record, except that made in this body.
He says he cooperates with the Senators from
New York and the Senator from Illinois. Did
any one of those men say he believed the
President would call an extra session of Con-
gress if it was necessary? Not that I heard
of; not that I am aware .of. Not one of them
ever made that declaration. Sir, it is known,
not only to this body but to the country, that
the Senator has stood here for month after
month, the defender of Andrew Johnson and
his Cabinet; and I take him on his record, on
that defense and not on his family affairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have only to say a
single word. In saying that, the Senator states
what is not true, and he cannot prove any
portion of it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Was it not a defense
of the President to say that he would call a
session of Congress?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir ; by no manuer
of means.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I do not under-
stand the use of the English language.
Mr. FESSENDEN. "For six months" I
think you said.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sirand I will not
take off a day; I will add to it, rather than
diminish it. He stood up here as the defender
of the Secretary of the Treasury persistently
day after day, week after week, and month after
month. I take his public record. I care noth-
ing about him nor his family. I care not how
many men he has in office, or how many out
of office; it is none of my concern.. It is a
matter too infinitesimally small t.o allude to
in this body. But his public record, his utter-
ances, and his votes on this floor 1 have a right
to comment upon. When he talks about con-
tempt, I hurl back with scorn the contempt he
expresses.
Sir, I have a record upon which I stand, as
well as the Senator himself, and I believe I
am as proud of it. I have nothing in that
record to apologize for, take back, or explain.
My votes are there, and my utterances there..
After a review of ten years, so help trig Grod,
I have never been able to discover a word I
have uttered, or a vote that I have oast, that I
would change, upon the review.
Mr. President, this is a matter of public
concern. It is a matter in which the interests
and the perpetuity of this nation are,.deeply
concerned. I called up the Senator'^ record
because it was necessary to illustrate the point
I made, and for no other reason. He last
spring came near defeating an extra call of
the Senate, and I did not expect to see hita*
here at that extra call; but, sir, the people
demanded in their strength that we should
come here, and no man dared stay away.
Those monuments along the road stood up in
bold relief, and they had a warning effect.
Some men who were the most bitterly hostile
to that extra call, who declared that they would
not come here even if the Senate and House
met, are here; and why ? Because the peo-
ple demanded that they should cbme, and they
dared not stay away. And now, sir, the people
demand of us that we shall either fasten this
man Andrew Johnson so that he can do no
more harm to this nation, orthat we shall stay
here and tie his hands by our presence.
priyiijeges os debatb.-
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move that the Senate
resolve itself into executive session.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that is done I wish
to introduce a proposition to the Senate, and
at least to have it printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will
be received by common consent, leaving the
motion of the Senator from Pennsylvania sus-
pended, if there be no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer resolutions which
I will ask to have printed, and as they are in
my own handwriting I will read them :
Resolutions declaring the privileges of debate in
tho Senate with regard to civil officers liable to
impeachment.
Whereas it has been asserted that tho conduct of a
civil officer, liable to impeachment, cannot be freely
considered and condemned by Senators in tho
course of legislative proceedings; and whereas such
an opinion is calculated to impair the just privi-
leges of debate: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Constitution, in providing for
tho impeachment of "all civil officers" of the na-
tional Government, embracing the President, mem-
bois of the Cabinet, diplomatic representatives, and
other civil functionaries, did not intend to limit flo-
bate in the Senate on tho conduct of any civil officer,
so far as the same may arise in legislative proceed-
ings; that any other.interpretation is inconsistent
with the privileges of tho Senate, and tends directly
to shield misconduct in civil officoJ
Uenolved, That tho Constitution expressly declares
that "when sitting to try an impeachment the Sen-
ate shall be on oath or affirmation/' thus superadd-
ing a judicial oath to that already taken as Senator;
that from the taking of this oath the judicial char-
acter of the Senate begins, and until then each Sen-
ator is free to express himself openly on the conduct
of any civil officer, and thereupon to invite the judg-
ment of tho Senate and tho country; that at times
this may be a duty, and it is always a sacred right,
which cannot be renounced or abridged.
I send these resolutions to the Chair and ask
to have them printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The res-
olutions will be received and ordered to be
printed, no objection being made.
message from the hoosk.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed without amendment
the bill (S. No. 138) to carry into effect tho
convention with the republic of Venezuela for
the adjustment of claims of citizens of the Uni-
ted States on the G-overnment of that republic.
indian hostilities.
Mr. WILSON. I ask leave to repcrt a bill
with the assent of the Committee on Military
Affairs in regard to raising volunteers for the
suppression of the Indian war. It will be re-
membered that we passed a bill the other day
on Indian affairs, in which provision was made
for raising troops in a certain contingency.
That bill, we understand, will not become a
law, and therefore, with the consent of the
Military Committee, I report this bill and ask
that it bo put on its passage.
