1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
753
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, It can be
done by common consent.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will ask what action
was taken on my motion?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No action.
The Senator from Pennsylvania moved to go
into executive session', which superseded it.
Mr. WILSON. I am now informed thatthe
bill which we passed in regard to Indian affairs
has been passed by the House this morning.
I will therefore simply introduce this bill and
ask that it lie on the table.
• Mr. HENDERSON. The House have passed
our bill.
The bill (S. No. 140) to provide for the call-
ing out of volunteers to suppress Indian hos-
tilities was read a first time by its title.
Mr. WILSON. I ask that the bill lie on the'
table. I am told that the House has passed
the other bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir ; it has.
The motion was agreed to.
executive session.
_ The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the motion of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, to proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. mcpherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (8. No. 136)
to establish peace with certain hostile Indian
tribes, with amendments, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House disagreed to the amendment of the Sen-
ate to the resolution providing for an adjourn-
ment of Congress until the 13th of November,
and adhered to its original resolution.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
em oiled 'bills and joint resolution, and they
were thereupon signed by the President pro
tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 137) amendatory of an
act making appropriations to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for contingent ex-
penses of the Senate of the United States for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1867, and for
other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 137) for the further security
of equal rights in the District of Columbia; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 63) declaring
sympathy with the suffering people of Crete.
peace with indian tribes.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
Indian bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the amendments of the
House to the bill (S. No. 136) to establish
peace with certain hostile Indian tribes. The
amendments of the House were in section one,
lines seven and eight, to strike out the name
"William Windomifr line nine to strike
out the words "and House of Representa-
tives;" in line ten, before the word "and,"
where it first occurs, to insert the name " S.
S. Tappan;" and also to strike out the second
and third sections of the bill and to insert the
following in lieu thereof:
sec. 2. And be it further enacted, Thatsaid commis-
sioners are required to examine and select a district
or districts of country having sufficient area to **ceh e
all the Indian tribes now occupying territory east of
the Rocky mountains not now peacefully residing on
permanent reservations under treaty stipulations, to
which the Government has the right of occupation
or to which said commissioners can obtain the right
of occupation, and in which district or districts there
shall be sufficient tillable or grazing land to enable
the said tribes respectively to support themselves by
agricultural and pastoral pursuits. Said district or
districts when so selected, and the selection approved
by Congress, shall bo and remain pcniuwicnt homes
for said Indians to be located thereon: and no person
no; members of said tribes shall ever be permitted to
enter tliorson without the permission of the tribes
40th Cojtc. 1st Se^.—No. 48.
interested, exceptoffieers and employes of the United
States: Provided, That the district or districts shall
be so located as not to interfere with travel on high-
ways located by authority of the United States or with
the routoof the Northern Pacific railroad, theUnion
Pacific railroad, the Union Pacific railroad, eastern
division, or the proposed route of the Atlantic and
Pacific railway by the way of Albuquerque.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senate will ob-
serve that there are only two amendments
made. The first is striking out the name of
Mr. wikdoji, who says lje cannot possibly go,
and inserting the name of Mr. Tappan. Mr.
Tappan, I understand, il a very good man,
and one perfectly familiar with Indian affairs.
My acquaintance with Mr. Tappan is not of
very long duration. The Senator from Kan-
sas [Mr. pomeroyj knows him better than any
other Senator here, and can speak in reference
to him. I understand he is a very worthy and
fit man. I know he is a man of very g'reat
intelligence, and writes well on the subject of
Indian affairs. He has furnished me with sev-
eral of his articles on this subject.
The other amendment, is the amendment
offered by the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
howe,] with a slight amendment to that, so
as to have these reservations located in such
places as shall "not interfere with other rail-
roads besides the Northern Pacific. With that
exception it is the same amendment as offered
by the Senator from Wisconsin. It leaves to
the commissioners to select one, two, three, or
four locations as they may see fit, but in other
respects it is the same as the bill that went
from the Senate. I move that the Senate
concur in the amendmeuts of the House.
Mr. POMEROY. As to the name that has
been inserted, Colonel Tappan, I can only say
I regard it as one of the best appointments
that could be made. .1 have known him inti-
mately for twelve years. He is a good man.
He was colonel of one of the Colorado regi-
ments at one time, and served faithfully. He
understands the Indians, and understands this
whole questiou. No better man could be
selected.
The amendments were concurrgfl in.
adjournment resolution.
Mr. _ CONKLING. The House of Repre-
sentatives have disagreed to our amendment to
the resolution providing for an adjournment,
and adhere to their original proposition ; but
there are blanks in that resolution which re-
quire to be filled up. I therefore submit a
motion that the Senate insist on its amend-
ment, and ask for a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. How shall
the committee be appointed?
Mr. CONKLING. By the Chair, of course.
The PBKSIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. conklisg, Mr. anthony, and Mr. howe.
executive session.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to ; and, after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened at half past three o'clock.
enrolled bill signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. mcpherson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
enrolled bill (S. No. 136) to establish peace
with certain hostile Indian tribes; and it was
signed by the President pro tempore.
messengers and pages.
On motionof Mr. NYE, theSenate proceeded
to consider-the following resolution submitted
by him yesterday: .
Resolved, That the Serge ant-at-Arms be, and he is
hereby, authorized to retain during the coming recess 1
the special messengers and pages now in his employ.
Mr. ANTHONY. What does that mean? i
Does it mean that during the recess these offi- ;]
cers are to be paid the same as though Congress ,!
was in session? What is the effect of the res- ;|
olution? \
Mr. NYE. I introduced this resolution be- <•
cause I tliQught in some"aspects it was entirely
just and because the other House had adopted
a similar resolution in regard to its officers.
Many of the employes covered by the resolu-
tion are from distant States ; and the boys who
are our pages are mostly the sons of widows
in poor circumstances. In the short interval
that intervenes before we meet again they will
be unable to do anything else. Those of them
who are from, distant States will hardly have
time to go home and get back, and certainly.,
will not have time to attend to any other busi-
ness. For these reasons I introduced the reso-
lution ; and £ hope it will be adopted.
Mr. FOWLER. I hope this resolution will
pass. - These persons are employed but a short
time at any rate. It is only a question of a
few dollars. The other House has passed a
similar resolution, and I think we ought to
extend the same liberality to our employes.
The resolution was agreed to.
mileage to members.
Mr. RAMSEY. I send to the desk, and ask
leave to introduce, a bill authorizing the pay-
ment of mileage to members of the Fortieth
Congress.
Mr. "CONKLING. I ask that the bill be
read for information.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, which pro-
poses to provide that Senators, Representa-
tives, and. Delegates of the Fortieth Congress
who were in attendance prior to the recess
taken on the 30th of Mareh, 1867, and who
after that date and before the reassembling of
Congress on the 3d of July went to their
respective homes and returned to take their
seats in Congress after the recess, shall be paid
the usual mileage for going to and returning'
from their respective residences.
Mr. CONKLING. I object to that bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objectida
being made, the bill cannot be received.
adjournment resolution.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. mcpherso?.*, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the report of
the committee of tfonference upon the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the resolution
in relation to adjournment.
Mr. CdNKLING. I send to the desk the
report of the committee of conference, and
ask that it may be read and considered.
The Chief Clerk read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the resolution of adjourn-
ment, report that having met and had full and free
conference, they have agreed to recommend to their
respective Houses the following resolution :
Resolved by theSenate, (tile House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That at four o'clock and thirty
minutes p. m. on Saturday, the 20th day of July
instant, the President of the Senate and the Speaker
of the House of Representatives adjourn their re-
spective Houses, to meet on Thursday, the 21st day
of November next, at twelve o>'elock.in.
ROSCOE CONKLING,
H. B. AXTHONY, .
TIMOTHY O. HOWE,
Managers on the part of the Senate,
F. A. PIKE,
F. c. beajiajt,
BENJAMIN M. BOYER,
Managers on the part of the House.
The pre s t1)enr 1'pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the adoption of the report of the
committee pf conference.
Mr. HOWARD. This, Mr. President, is
practically an adjournment sine die, for the
21st of November is only ten days before the
commencement of the regular annual session
of Congress under existing statutes. It cannot
have been in contemplation of the committee
of conference at all that the two Houses would
assemble together on the 21st of November.
Such a supposition cannot for a moment be
entertained: and it appears to be their opin-
ion, therefore, that there will be no necessity
for any-further meeting of this Congress before
the commencement of the regular session in
December. I do not concur with the commit-
tee on this subject. 1 dissent from it entirely.
I believe that the necessity of another session
of Congress between this time and that will be
greater than that which has heretofore existed,
