186.7.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
755
ling declaration—I do not give the exact words,
bill the idea—that he will not willingly consent
to have his authority overridden and the pow-
ers that are his own conferred on others, with
a most unjust sneer and taunt at the military
power of this nation, which has been its savior.
Now, I submit to honorable Senaters here, I
submit to the country at large what reason
they have for new confidence in this individual
who attempted by collusion to procure an
opinion which nullifies the laws under which
the rebel States are to be reconstructed. When
a'man says he will not willingly do a thing, you
have got to draw him up nolens volens to make
him do it; and where is the power to accom-
plish that when Congress is not here ? But we
are told that elections are to take place in the
mean time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator will yield the floor to allow the Chair to
receive a message from the President of the
United States.
approval of bills.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. W. G. Moore, his Secretary,
announced that the President had approved
and signed the following bills and joint resolu-
tion :
A bill (S. No. 136) to establish peace with
certain hostile Indian tribes;
A bill (S. No. 138) to carry into effect the
convention with the republic of Venezuela
for the adjustment of claims of citizens of the
United States on the Government of that re-
public; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 63) declaring
sympathy with the suffering people of Crete.
adjournment resolution.
Mr. NYE. Now I shall ask in vaiflWor any
one to show me what additional evidence has
been given why this confidence should be
placed in the Executive of the nation." But,
sir, we are told that elections are to take
place. So they are, and let me tell gentle-
men that the best way to wia the support of
the people in the elections is to be faithful
to your principles and your policy. If they
see that you in an hour of danger desert y.our
post tliey will reject you as unfaithful.
I think events have proved that 1 was right
m my predictions when the question for •ad-
journment was pending last spring. I think I
am right now. Those gentlemen.who were for
adjourning then were juSt as confident that
there would be no occasion for reassembling
as they are now. Let me predict that if you
adjourn now, next week there will be another
opinion of the Attorney General, for I take it
for granted he is cognizant of what this message
is as he was of the other. When he then por-
trayed the effects of our bill, showed that it
had all manner of horns and unsightly and
unseemly things attached to it, and made these
commanders military tyrants, he foreshadowed
what was coming.
Mr. President, there is so much confusion
here, and I am so whispered at on all sides by
gentlemen, that it is impossible for mo to pro-
CCCtl.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Senators
will take their seats and preserve order.
Mr. NYE. Under these circumstances I
shall not consume any more Of the time of the
Senate, hut satisfy myself by simply protesting
against this report. I conceive that there is
great danger in it and I hope a majority of the
Senate will be of the same opinion. I think
the earliest day which has been mentioned is at
least as far off' as our meeting ought to be put.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope we shall vote at
once. This resolution has passed both Houses,
and what effect the motion to reconsider,-as
such, if not disposed of by the time the hour
fi-ced arrives, will be a question upon which
men will differ and we may be in a very awk-
ward situation. I understand unofficially that
the President has nothing more to send, and I
suggest that we ought to vote now on this ques-
tion. If we do not, we shall reach half past
four, when it will bo contended by some that
we are adjourned and by others that we are
not, which will put us in a position of awkward-
ness that we ought to avoid.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from New
York tells us that the President has nothing
more to send. There is a bill that has passed
both Houses of Congress to secure equal rights
in the Distrfct of Columbia, which is now in
the hands of the President. I should like to
know of the Senator from New York, who
speaks for the President, what the President
proposes to do with the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts is so facetious that I do not believe
I can answer him in the spirit in which he would
like to have me answer. I have learned, 'as I
say, unofficially, from the messenger and Pri-
vate Secretary of the President, that there was
nothing, to his knowledge, which he was with-
holding, and intended to transmit. I give it
to the Senator just as I received it, and it is as
good as it was wlren it came to me.
Mr. SUMNER. "And intended to trans-
mit." Then the President is not going to
return to us that bill. In other words, in
familiar phrase, he will "pocket" it—a bill
to secure equal rights in the District of Colum-
bia.
Mr. CONKLING. We are not responsible
for that.
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, the Senator isrespei>
sible, because he proposes to go home and
leave equal rights in the District of Columbia
without the protection which we owe them.
Mr. CONKLING. I know too well that as
long as the Senator from Massachusetts lives
equal rights, and all other rights in this District
will be protected. T do not feel, therefore, the
slightest uneasiness on that subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on reconsidering the vote by which the
report of the committee of conference was con-
curred in.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. CAMERON. I rise to make a personal
explanation before giving my vote. I voted
against the adjournment resolution and after
having done it I remembered that I had paired
witli the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,]'
and therefore I should not have voted. Now,
to make the matter even, I suppose I must
vote against the reconsideration.
The question being taken by jeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 19; as follows:
YEAR—Messrs. Chandler. Cra<rin, Eowler, Hnrlan,
Howard, Nye, Pumeroy, Ross, Sumner, Thayer,
"Wade, Wilson, and Yates—13.
NAYiS—Messrs. Anthony, Buekalew, Cameron,
Cattell, Conkling, Davis, Frelinghuysen, Henderson,
Ilowe, Morgan, -Morrill of Maine, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Ramsey,
Sprague, Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle, and Wil-
ley—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cole, Conness, Corbett,
Dixon, Doolirflc, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Fessen-
den. Grimes, Guthrie, Hendricks, Johnson, Morrill
of Vermont, Morton, Norton, Saulsbury, Sherman,
Stewart, and Williams—21.
So th.e motion to reconsider was not agreed to.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives. by Mr. McPheiisox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had appointed Messrs. N. P.
Basks of Massachusetts, and S. S. Marshall
of Illinois, a committee to join the committee •
appointed by the Senate to wait upon the Pres-
ident and inform him that Congress is ready to
adjourn.
executive session. *
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business ; and after a few minutes spent therein
the doors were reopened at twenty-six min-
utes past four o'clock.
tiianks to general siipridax.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to t&ke up the \
House joint resolution tendering the thanks of
Congress to Major General Philip H. Sheridan.
The question was put, and the motion de-
clared to be agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think it is pro-
per, when the Senate is as it is now, to call up
these resolutions that have been voted by the
Senate to be not in order heretofore. The Sen-
ate when it was full decided that it was not in
order to take up these resolutions under the
rule, and I do not see how you can call them
up now under a vote of the Senate after that
decision. I submit to the Chair that it is not
in order to proceed with these resolutions after
the vote of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
in order, except by unanimous consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Therehas beennounan-
imous consent.
Mr. CHANDLER. The resolution was taken
up by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It cannot be taken up
by a vote of the Senate. After the Senate has
decided that it is not in order to consider that
matter, it is not competent then by a majority
vote to take* it up.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think it is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think not; I submit to
the Chair that it cannot be taken up after the
Senate has decided it not in order, unless it is (
done by a ehange^of the rule.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I suppose
not. The Chair submitted this question to the
vote of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Cag it be done by a
vote?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
decided by a vote that it was not in order
under the resolution adopted at the beginning
of this session, to take up this measure, and I
do not suppose it can be done now without
unanimous consent.
' Mr. TRUMBULL. So I suppose.
Mr. CHANDLER: Does the Chair decide
that it can only be taken tip by unanimous con-
sent? This resolution was taken up and con-
sidered, and I submit that it is too late now to
raise objection. It was taken up by a vote of
the Senate and was on its passage, and 1 sub-
mit, therefore, that it is now too late to raise
the objection. I ask for the vote on the passage
of the resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. .It seems to me no ques-
tion of order can be clearer than that, when
.the Cliair has submitted to the Senate whether
a subject matter is in order under its rules, and
the Senate, by a large majority vote, has de-
cided that it is not in Older, you cannot after-
ward by another vote take up* 
- The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The time
having arrived at which the two Houses of
Congress have resolved to adjourn, it becomes
the duty of the Chair to declare that the Sen-
ate stands adjourned until Thursday, the 21st,
day of November next, at twelve o'clock. The
Chair so declares, and the Senate stands ad-
journed until that time.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July 20,1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Botnton.
The Journal of yesterday was partial^ read,
when
Mr. CULLOM moved that the further read-
ing of the Journal be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
- ORDER of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is a resolution in regard to the adjournment of
Congress, offered last evening by the gentleman
from Illinois. [Mr. Faknswortii.] As that
gentleman is not now in his seat, the resolu-
tion. if there be no objection, will be tempo-
rarily passed over. "
There was no objection.
mississippi kiver.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio. The Committee
on Printing, as temporarily appointed, have
directed me to report the following resolution:
Eeioh-fd, That there he printed for the use of the
House three thousand live hundred copies ut tae
introductory letter, ehapter^ Nos. J, 6, and 7. and
plate No. '2 of the report oa the physics and hydrau-
lics of the Mississippi river ami the protection of the
alluvial legions against overflow, made under acts
