756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
of Congress by Captain, now Major General, A. A.
Humphreys, of the Engineer department ol the
United States Army.
I desire to state that the cost of the printing
of the copies ordered will be §3,100, making
about ninety cents apiecc.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adapted;
and alsa moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
admiral qoldsborodgii.
Mr. QLARKE, of Ohio, from the Committee
oil Printing, 'submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Besolned, That two thousand copies of two execu-
tive documents relating te the retention ot Rear Ad-
miral Goldsborough oil the active list oil the Nary be
printed, fifteen hundred for the use of the House and
five hundred for the Secretary of the Navy.
A Member. What will the printing cost?
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio. Seven anil a half
0 cents apiece.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio, move^to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table. 9
The latter motion was agreed to.
convention with venezuela.
Mr. BANKS. I ask by unanimous consent
■ to report back from the Cofamittee on Foreign
Affairs Senate bill No. 138, to carry into effect
the convention with Venezuela for the adjust-
ment of the claims of citizens of the United
States on the Government of that republic.
There can be no objection to the bill.
There was no objection, and the bill was
received, read a first and second time, ordered
to a third reading; and it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was'agreed to.
british arrest of american citizens. .
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, also
presented a communication sent to the Com-
mittee of Foreign Affairs from the Secretary
of State, transmitting, in response to a resolu-
tion of the House, a report from the Examiner
of Claims as to whether any American citi-
zens have been arrested or seirtenced in Great
Britain or Ireland for words or acts spoken or
done in the United States; which was ordered
to be printed, and recommitted.
Mr. CULLOM, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, submitted the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to inform this House if any information
has been received by the executive department of
the Government relating to the arrest or conviction
of any American citizens within the kingdom of
Great Britain and Ireland on account of words or
acts spoken or committed within the jurisdiction of
the United States; and it any such case has occurred,
or shall occur, that the President be requested to take
proper measures to seeurc relief, and maintain the
rights of American citizens.
Mr. IIOBINSON. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a few minutes.
Mr. CULLOM. I yield to the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. WINDOM. I shall object to any lengthy
debate until the Indian bill has passed.
.Mr. ROBINSON. I am a member of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and it was
thought desirable that a word should be said
in favor of this report. «
The report which has been read from the Ex-
aminer of the State Department says they have
no information of any case but one, and that is
the case of Captain MeCafferty. Now, while
I do not mean to cast any censure upon a y
Department of the Government, it is strange,
while it has been notorious throughout the
world, published in the papers of Great Brit-
ain and our own country, that many cases,
to three of which I shall refer, have occurred
which are not mentioned in the report. Ste-
phen J. Meany was convicted as early as
February last, and sentenced to fifteen years
imprisonment. His case has been carried up
on appeal and decided by a divided court, six
to four, and yet our consuls there have trans-'
mitted no information to the proper Depart-
ment. Colonel William J. Nagle also was
arrested at Dungarvin, no charge having been
made against him, and we have no informa-
tion from the State Department of his case.
He is a native of this country and an Ameri-
can citizen and soldier. He is now in jail and
no relief is to be had. The third case is that
of General Halpine, ah American citizen, who
has lived twenty years in Cincinnati, .«iho won
laurel's in the war. He also is now in jail.
All these cases are notorious, and yet we have
no information from the State Department." I
repeat I do not mean to cast any reflection
upon that Department, but I do think our
consuls abroad are very censurable for neglect
of duty in such cases. The resolution asks
the attention and interference of the Presi-
dent. I trust it will pass, and that the Presi-
dent of the United States will see that these
men and others similarly situated are protected
in their rights and privileges as American citi-
zens.
Mr. CULLOM. I now demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. CULLOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider bo laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
indian war.
The House proceeded to the consideration
of Senate bill No. 186, to establish peace with
certain hostile Indian tribes.
Mr. WINDOM. I move to amend the first
section of the bill by striking out the words
" William Wisdom, chairman," and inserting
in lieu thereof the word " chairman ;" also in
the next line by striking out the words ".and
.House of Representatives." The Senate, it
appears, has clone me the honor to elect me
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
in this House, and has instructed me to per-
form certain duties which it would bo almost
impossible for me to attend to. Therefore I
ask that my namq.be stricken out of the com-
mission an€. that some better man be put in.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the Senate only anticipated the action of the
Speaker in designating the gentleman as chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs when
that committee shall be appointed.
Mr. ROSS. I suggest that the section be
so amended as to leave the name of the gen-
tleman from Minnesota [Mr. Windom] in.
Mr. WINDOM. I would be very glad to
serve on the commission, but I think it would
be impossible for me to attend to the duties.
I prefer to name some one more likely to attend
to the duties in an acceptable manner.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Who is he?
Mr. WINDOM. I would name Colonel S.
S.'Tappan, who has spent some years in the
Indian Territory, and I am sure understands
their character better than any man we can
appoint. He is in all respects a proper gen-
tleman for the position.
Mr. ROSS. I concur in that suggestion.
The amendment of Mr. Windom was agreed to.
Mr. WINDOM. The other amendment is
one which I proposed yesterday, and is ap
pended to the printed bill. It is an amendment
of importance, and I ask the attention of the
House to it for a single moment. The second
and third'sections of the bill as it came from
the Senate require a commission to seicct two
certain locations, one of them north of the State
of Nebraska and west of the Missouri river.
The discretion of the committee is limited to
certain localities. Now, it will be found, on
examination of the bill, that the territory
.pointed out is not fit for an Indian reservation;
..ndians cannot be induced to go upon it.
The amendment I propose is to strike out
those two sections limiting the commission to
those particular localities, and give a more
general discretion to make treaties with refer-
ence to othgr locations, the sele'ction to be
confirmed by the action of Congress. The
whole thing is to be finally submitted to Con-
gress for confirmation.
So far as the reservation proposed by the
Senate bill is concerned I believe it is wholly
impracticable. It is a portion of the territory
known in the West as the bad land, where
Indians, I believe, cannot live. • And, sir, we
propose to send a commission to treat with
the Indians now in arms against us before we
have whipped them, and to induce them by
treaty to go on a barren desert where they will
be starved to death. A gentleman told me the
Qther day that we ought either to shoot or
starve them, and he thought the latter the best
way. The first thing to Be done is to get them
there. It is something like the old plan of
schoolboys catching birds by salt ou their
tails. The Indians are not there and cannot
be induced to go there. I propose to strike out
the two sections and give them a wider section
of country in which to make their investigation.
I ask that the vote be taken on the amendment,
but I will yield for a moment to the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Pile.]
- Mr. PILE. I offer the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
Add at the end of the section these words:
The Union Pacific railroad and the Union Pacific
railroad, eastern division, on the proposed route of
the Atlantic and Pacific railroad, by the way of Albe-
qucrque.
Mr. WINDOM. I accept that amendment.
Mr. MLE. I move the amendment which
I have offered.
committee on enrolled bills.
The SPEAKER. The Chair ascertains that.
no member of the Committee On Enrolled Bills
is present, and if there be no objection the
Chair will appoitit two members of that com-
mittee temporarily.
No objection was made; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Welkjsk, and NiisLAUic-tempo-
rarily members of the Committee on Enrolled
Bills.
indian war again.
Mr. JULIAN. I have received a very im-
portant membrial oif this subject in behalf of
the Society of Friends in Indiana, embodying
some of the provisions of this bill, and I would
ask the honorable gentleman from Minnesota
if there is any necessity for our action now?
By the next session we shall be able to digest
and perfect a better measure and avoid this
hasty legislation.
Mr. WINDOM. The gentleman asks me if
it is important that this bill shall be passed
now, or whether we cannot wait and perfect
the measure at the next session. I regard it
as most important that we should pass this bill
before we adjourn. We are nor/ paying at the
rate of $1,000,000 a week, and if we can save
a single day of the war it will be worth more
than the entire bill will coat.
There is another reason which makes it
necessary that this bill should be passed at
once. There are a great many peaceable
bands of Indians who, though they belong to
tribes that are disposed to go to war, some
now being actually at war, desire to leave
those tribes and remain at peace with us. In
order that they may do so there must be some
provision for their support. One section of
this bill proposes to make a provision of that
kind. If such provision be not made before
the commencement of the next session nearly
all those Indians will be compelled to take yp
arms against us, and our expenses in carrying
on the war will, as 1 believe, bo more than
trebled before we meet again. I think it,
therefore, of the utmost importance that wo
should now make some provision of this kind.
The action now proposed is not final. The bill
proposes that a commission shall be sent out
