1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
759
But this does not touch the evil complained of.
Jo do justice the rules and practice of the House
must be radically changed. And now as to the
question immediately before the House. Many
, gentlemen have been busily engaged, and as
this will be a very short session if closed to-day,
and as some members may not have their re-
marks prepared to present now on questions
that have been before the House, it seems to
me it would be a hardship to them now to
depart from the rule adopted, as I understand,
in regard to speeches of this character. Let
these gentlemen print their speeches now as
heretofore, and I will hereafter go as far as the
farthest.in.establishing some rule that will cor-
. rect the abuses complained of.
Mr. Speaker, it strikes me that a body of this
kind ought to be a deliberative body. It is
n&t so important to the country that many bills
should be. passed as that all questions before
us should be considered with due deliberation
on the part of the men whose solemn duty it
is to record their views thereon. There is
always too much legislation ; there is never too
much discussion on these important subjects.
That is one of the means of educating the
country. It is one of the means of correcting
crude measures, and of eliciting the diverse
* knowledge and opinions of those whose duty it
is to mature great public questions which interest
the people. We want more legitimate debate,
the interchange of thoughts, the collision of
minds; and those who wish to express their
views should always have the opportunity to
do so; and we "would be better off with much
less legislation. The practice suggested would
be better for thef country. How many bijls
do we see passed here that are crude and 91
digested, forced through without debate under
the operation of the previous question, without
permitting members to have an opportunity
either to discuss or to deliberate them. This,
in my judgment, is a very grave evil which has
grown up here, and which ought to be speedily
corrected.
I admit, sir, that nothing ought to appear in
the Globe except such things as have actually
occurred in the House ; but we cannot properly
adopt this rule until we have provided that all
members shall have an opportunity to express
themselves upon any subject when the question
is before the House for consideration. If gen-
tlemen having an influence with the majority
will attempt a reform in this direction, I will
gladly cooperate with them.
On this question of reconstruction I have
myself had permission to print some remarks
that I had no opportunity of delivering in the
House; but I hope it is scarcely necessary for
me to'add that any gentleman who knows me
will know that I would be very far from abus-
ing such permission by making a personal
attack upon any one. I hope there is no mem-
ber in this House that would do so. And now,
as the matter has gone so far, I hope there will
be no attempt at this time to interfere with a
practice that has grown necessarily out of a
much graver abuse, and that gentlemen who
have their speeches prepared may have an
opportunity to present them upon this very
important question as a part of the debates of
tho House. But I hope very speedily when we
get together again some rule will be adopted
which will correct this grave abuse, and which,
while it confines the published reports to what
actually occurs in the House, will give -every
member a fair opportunity of being heard
upon every question that comes up for con-
sideration. This all members, and especially
their constituents, have a right to demand, and
its denial should no longer be tolerated.
Mr. PRUYN. I desire, with the consent
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logax,]
to say a few words. I have listened with great
interest to this discussion, because I felt yes-
terday that I had no opportunity to say things
to this House which I believed would be of
interest and importance, and which would not
have occupied much time. The gentleman
from Illinois is entirely correct in the^ views
lie expresses, and I think a large portion of
the members of the House desire with Mm that
some change should be made in our rules in
regard to the manner of conducting our debates.
But the point I was coming to particularly is
this: that in my judgn^nt we can never make
a rule which will be effectual as long as the
present system continues of furnishing mem-
bers with desks, so that they can come here
and write letters, read newspapers, ana trans-
act their private business instead of listening,
as they should, to the discussions of the House.
Our business would be more rapidly and thor-
oughly done if we return to tne system that
prevailed some years ago, when the desks were
dispensed with and tables were furnished in
different parts of the Chamber for the use of
those who had occasion to write letters. If
the Committee on the Rules will take this sub-
jecting consideration, I think they could devise
some plan which would give a fairer oppor-
tunity-for debate, and which I think would be
agreeable to all the members of the House.
* I think the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ash-
ley] is right in stating that the custom has
been heretofore to give leave to print very gen-
erally, and I supposed that that was the inten-
tion on this occasion. I certainly never knew
Jhe privilege to be abused in the way suggested
by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan;]
that is, by any personal attacks. But it is bet-
ter we should get rid of the whole thing ia. the
way the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
suggests and come to some system, some rule,
by which every member can on every subject
have an opportunity to express his views.
Mr. LOGAN. Before moving the previous
question, I will only say that so far as personal
attacks are concerned I am as little interested
in them, I presume, as any member of the
House. My only object was to establish a pre-
cedent here so that hereafter we might by some
means or other arrive at legitimate debates.
The resolution that was passed this morning is
certainly unprecedented in parliamentary usage.
I do object to the publication after the adjourn-
ment of Congress of remarks that never were
delivered in this House by any gentleman. I
now move the previous question.
The SPEAKER. if the gentleman from
Illinois will yield to the Chair he would like to
make a suggestion before taking the vote.
Mr. LOGAN. I will yield. -
The SPEAKER. Allusion has been made
by several gentlemen to the practice of the
House. The Chair concurs with the remark
of the gentleman from Illinois, that the propo-
sition adopted this morning was very broad,
broader than usual, and he suggested the same
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Ashley.]
Although it was adopted by unanimous con-
sent, it was afterward modified upon motion
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ross,]
as the Chair has already stated.
The practice of the House has been in regard
to all bills emanating from committees to allow
the chairman or some member of the com-
mittee reporting it the right to speak. That is
very proper, because the committees are the
fathers of the propositions. But in the great
pressure of business upon the House a large
number of members desire to debate the meas-
ures, and hence the more frequent use of the
previous question of late years than formerly.
The consequence is many members have not
an opportunity to debate the question before
the House. It is easy for gentlemen on im-
portant committees, either at the head or as
members of it, who are gifted in extempore
oratory, to obtain the floor and speak on im-
portant questions. It is difficult, however, for
the majority of the members to obtain the floor
for speaking. Their only opportunity, there-
fore, to discuss public questions and get their
views before the country is on Saturdays, or
iu evening sessions when the House sits as in
Committee of the Whole.
It is for this reason that the Chair has en-
deavored as far as possible to ascertain those
who are not on important committees who
desire an opportunity, without prejudice to the
business ot tho House, to express their viirva,
and the Chair will continue in the future as in
the past to do so, knowing well that prominent
and leading gentlemen have greater advantages
and more frequent opportunities under the
usage of the House to state their views to the
country.
The previous question waS seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was taken on the motion to re-
consider the vote by which the House allowed
gentlemen who handed their remarks on the
veto of the President to the reporters of tho
Congressional Globe to-day to have their
speeches recorded; and the motion was agreed
to.
Mr. LOGAN. I move now to lay the motion
on the table.
The motion was agreed Co.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the proposition was laid on the table;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
personal explanation impeachment.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I ask consent to
make a brief personal explanation.
No objection was made.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I have
never risen to vindicate myself, and would not
do so now had not the public journals placed
me in a false position before the country, and
involving, as I think, my personal reputation.
The Committee on the Judiciary, charged
with the impeachment of the President of the
United States, deemed it their duty at the close
of the last session of Congress, on account of
the magnitude of the subject, to hold an ad-
journed meeting, and did adjourn until about
the 1st of May. At that time they met and
devoted themselves most laboriously to the
examination of the question before them.
About the time they supposed they had com-
pleted their labors a motion was submitted
to the committee that under the evidence
before them they would not be justified in
recommending articles of impeachment against
the President of the United States. I voted
for that proposition, and for the purpose of
giving the public rest, so far as the committee
could do so, it was voted to give to the country
the result of their deliberations.
Subsequent to this vote, and doubtless with
a desire to elicit truth, members of the minor-
ity desired additional testimony. Subpoenas
were issued for witnesses, who, in their opin-
ion, would testify to material facts relevant to
the investigation.
Unlike my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Williams,] I had not determined at that time
what my vote would finally be. He, by his
own statement before the House, ljad deter-
mined the question prior to the adjournment in
June, and required no further testimony. The
expression, sir, is more worthy of a Nero or a
Jeffreys than a learned member of the Law
Committee of this House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Vermont that his language
is not parliamentary.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I withdraw anything
I may have said unparliamentary or discourt-
eous toward the gentleman, for whom I enter-
tain personally a high respect. Sir, when this
duty was imposed upon me as a member of
the Law Committee of this House, I supposed
I was to discharge it as a man and a lawyer,
and not as a partisan. I considered myself
responsible to the Constitution, the laws, my
oath, and my God. Beyond that I had no re-
sponsibility. I did not deem it proper to ask
myself what my party demanded or what pub-
lic opinion would justify. I entertained the
question in a judicial capacity, and in no other.
Sir, it is known that I am opposed to the Pres-
ident in his general policy and in many of his
public acts; but in the grave matter of impeach-
ment 1 shall be governed by the law and the
evidence, and by nothing else.
Sir, since the assembling of Congress at this
session the public journals of the country hays
