T60
THE CONG-RESSIO-NAL GLOBE.
July 20,
stated that I have changed my opinion, or at
least that I was vacillating and doubting as to
the course which I should ultimately pursue.
No one was authorized to say that from any
intimation or expression of mine. When the
vote was taken by the committee upon the
testimony then before them I was against im-
peachment, and I stand in that position how.
Wilh my view of the evidence and the law I
should sacrifice my idea of both law and -evi-
dence in order to change my opinion.
I know,_ sir, that this country can endure
even the impeachment of the President. I
know, sir, that a people who carried the flag
of our country in triumph through the bloodiest
and most expensive war that the vvorid has
ever seen—a people who, when informed by
the lightning-flash that the late President of the
United States had been murdered in a public
theater, conducted themselves so quietly that
the wheels of the Government rolled on without
any creaking, and the public securities were
kept up as they were before—could endure the
impeachment of the President of the United
States. And, sir, when the time comes, if it shall
come, in this investigation, thatin my judgment
under the law and the testimony, Andrew
Johnson should be impeached, I shall be as
ready as any other to impeach him, regardless
of consequences. But, sir, if the day should
ever come -when impeachments for political
purposes is regarded with favor by this or any
other Congress, then, permit me to say, I shall
despair, despair forever, for the safety and
stability of our institutions.
The papers have said that in my course on
this question I cannot sustain myself at home
politically. Coming from the little State of
Vermont—as noble a State as any in the gal-
axy, whose political record has been as' bright
as the sunlight and as pure as the light of the
stars—I may not, sir, sustain myself. But how
poor, how infinitely poor, will be the sacrifice
when compared with an approving consciencc,
which, at least in the hour of death, will be
of far more value than all the political wreaths
which may crown one's brow in his pathway
from the cracHe to the grave.
I express no opinion now in regard to im-
peachment, for it may be that the investiga-
tions of the committee are not completed.
My^ decision as a judge I hold in abeyance
until the evidence is closed. When that shall
be done I shall act up to my convictions of
duty, whether I live or die, whether 1 stand or
fall before the country or before my immediate
constituents who have honored me heretofore,
and who will honor me hereafter, if I am
worthy of their confidence.
Mr. BENTON. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question before he sits down ?
Mr. \VOOI)BiiIDGE. 1 have risen simply
to a personal explanation, and I do not deem
it proper to yield to any one. I surrender the
floor.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I ask
consent to make a personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. If there bo no objection
the gentleman will proceed.
There was no objection.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, it seems to me that the very unusual
language of my friend from Vermont [Mr.
Woodbiudge]—I suppose I may call him my
friend, [Mr. Woodbridoe. Always.]—calls
for something at my hands in the way of reply.
I have been struck with the exhibition upon
this question of a degree of sensibility upon the
part of gentlemen connected with the major-
ity of the Committee on the Judiciary which
seems to me to be a little morbid, if I may be
allowed to use such an expression. Why do
they flee when no man pursues ? Is it so that
I or anybody else has at any time undertaken
to impeach the motives or the conduct of any
of them? Not at all. 1 cheerlully accord to
them the same latitude of thought and freedom
of opinion that I always claim for myself. I
am entirely willing to credit them with the
same disposition to promote the interests of
the country in this investigation that I have.
But, sir, there have been remarks, falling
originally from the mouth of the chairman of
the committee, [Mr. Wilsos, of lovva,] and
now reiterated -by the gentleman from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Woodbridoe,] which I think I am
required in justice to myself to answer.
And now, Sir, let me ask, how does this
question stand tiefore the House and the coun-
try ? You have upon your records a report—
verbal, it is true—but still a report of the
results which have been reached by the com-
mittee. There is nothing in our rules, I sup-
pose, which requires that it should be m writ-
ing. When this question was first opened the
honorable chairman of the committee, by the
authority of that body, as he stated—and un-
doubtedly he had received such authority, two
members of the committee only dissenting,
and that not on the point now in question—
announced to this House (as he had previously
announced, with the consent of the committee,
to the country) that this great question, involv-,
in'g, as I think, the very life of the nation, had
been passed upon by the committee, and that
live ot its' members had arrived at the conclu-
sion that no act furnishing sufficient ground for
impeachment had been snown by the testimony
to have been oommitted by the President oi|
the United States, while forfr of them, consti-
tuting a minority were of the opinion that he
iad done acts which made it the duty of this
House to arraign him to answer for high crimes
and misdemeanors before, the bar of the Senate.
Here, then, is a report of an authentic char-
acter. It went to -the country immediately
after its announcement. I incline to think
that one of its objects was to prevent an extra
session of the Congress of the United States.
I do not impute any fault to £hose who may
have thought that such a session under the
circumstances of the country was anything
but desirable either for the country's sake or
for the sake of the party; but if I am not
mistaken, the opinion did prevail inside of the
committee that the effect of that announce-
ment would be that no session of this body
would take place under the joint resolution of
the 3d of April last. Whatever may have
been its purpose, this undoubtedly was its
operation. The report went out over the
telegraphic wires and through the pens of the
newspaper correspondents to eyery upok and
corner of the land that the J udiciary Com-
mittee, composed of nine members, seven of
whom belonged to the great Republican party
of this nation, had not been able to find matter
in all the records and evidence before them
on which to base a single charge against the
President of the United States. Well, sir,
under these circumstances I felt it to be my
duty when this question came up, and the
same statement was reiterated here, to inter-
pose my answer aud my protest, and to say in
vindication of myself and of those wilh whom
1 had the honor to act and think, and who
were denied the privilege of assigning m the
hearing of the country the reasons of their
opinions, that I was possessed, as I thought
they were also, with the deepest and strongest
convictions on this subject, that those convic-
tions rested upon facts sufficient to sink a
whole Administration beyondrecoVery, involv-
ing as they did the permanent welfare and the
very life of this Republic. I felt, too, that in
order to avoid any default on my part, or any
responsibility that might otherwise attach to
me,-it was my duty to give warning to the
House and country, and my right to say to
both that if this testimony was not to be pro-
duced or published—if a question of such
magnitude was to be indefinitely postponed—•
it the country was to suffer from the indiffer-
ence of those who were charged with its great
interests, I washed my hands of the conse-
quences.
I stated yesterday that I was prepared to
meet the issue upon the criminality of the
President then ; and since my honorable friend
from Vermont [Mr. Woodbridge] has been
pleased to indicate his willingness to meet it
also at the proper time, I may be excused for
repeating that I am equally ready for that con-
troversy now. All has been heard that is ma-,
terial to the case, and we cannot, as I think
we do not, differ materially as to any of the
great facts involved. There is nothing to di-
vide us but the law, and in regard to that I
will now only say that I bate no jot or tittle of
the confidence 1 expressed on yesterday.
I take it, Mr. Speaker, that the case is now
before the country upon the decision which
has been already announced. But that is not
enough. There are, I think, outside of the mere
question of impeachment, reasons which will
appear when this testimony is disclosed, which
are sufficient in themselves for us to remain here
now for the protection of the public interests;
and I submit to gentlemen who now stop their
ears against the information they might have if
they would demand it, whether they may not
possibly find it difficult to answer when the
question is put to them by their constituents
hereafter why it was they refused an audience
when they might have been informed if they
had but chosen to hear.
. Mr. Speaker, I have no desire to indulge in
any course of remarks that might be consid-
ered personal. That sort of controversy is
always unpleasant to me; but th§ honorable
gentleman from Vermont has been pleased
that in the declaration made by myself at this
stage of the inquiry in regard to the guilt of
the President 1 have judged in stteh a way as
would have been only worthy of the justice of
a Nero or Caligula.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I have withdrawn
that.
_ JVIr. WILLIAMS, _ of Pennsylvania. The
'gentleman says he did not mean it in the way
of personal offense, and has withdrawn it. I
do not feel, sir, as if he had intended any-
thing of the sort; but in answer to the argu-
ment I must be allowed to say that I have
disclosed no more than I was authorized to do
under the circumstances of the case, holding
as 1 did on that question, as I have already
stated on this floor and now reiterate, the
understanding that the case was then settled
by the solemn judgment of the committee,
with this proviso only: that if any testimony
should be offered at any time before the period
assigned, for the purpose of making up their
report, it should be received. Of course, in all
fairness we could adopt no other rule. And
I now put it to the gentleman from Vermont
himself, or to any gentleman of the majority,
to say whether there is at this time any testi-
mony behind which they regard as material or
important for the purposes of this investiga-
tion ?
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. The gentleman puts
the question to me, and I desire to answer, I
can only answer that 1 do not know. I am
prepared to weigh and consider whatever tes-
timony may come before the Committee. At
the time of tlie adjournment of the committee
in June, the testimony, as the gentleman well
knows, was not closed. I am perfectly willing
to say that 1 do riot preclude myself from alter-
ing my opinions or convictions on whatever tes-
timony may be subsequently adduced.
1 will answer the gentleman further by saying
I understand that the testimony is incomplete,
and that only to-day a gentleman next in point
of honor and trust to the President was before
the committee.
Mi*. WILL 1AMS, of Pennsylvania. I under-
stand, as I have already said, that it was of
course expected that any testimony should be
taken that might be offered, but that is not
an answer to the question.
It was remarked, however, in the previous
debate, by way of answer to the allegation
that the inquiry was substantially at an end,
that there was process out at that time for two
witnesses, and the chairman of the committee
[Mr. Wilson] was pleased to say that no
member of the committee had requested the
attendance of more witnesses than myself.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. No, sir.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Then
the gentleman may take that back.
