762"
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
ask the House, in advance of the closing of the
testimony, to accept a report from a minority
of the committee. I will not charge that, be-
cause it would be unkind, it would be ungen-
erous, it would be opposed to every obliga-
tion imposed upon members of the committee.
When gentlemen desire additional testimony
taken JL-am bound to believe that they regard
it important, and that they would not ask for
or expect the preparation of a report until the
testimony is all in and the case closed. Now,
sir, the members of the committee all know
that the case is in an incomplete state at this
time'; that testimony has been taken—I do not
say at whose suggestion 
Mr. BUTLER. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a single question ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Yes, sir.
Mr. BUTLER. If the ease is incomplete
now, is it any more incomplete than it was in
June,* when the committee took a deliberate
vote on the question and published it- to -the
country? If a deliberate vote could be taken
then for the purpose of affecting the country
on this question, why cannot such a vote, be
taken now ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will answer the
gentleman. The case is nearly as incomplete
now as it was then, for many documents called
for have not yet been received, and considerable
testimony is not yet printed, and some is not
written out by the reporter. But I have no
doubt that the gentleman froA Massachusetts
[Mr.' Butler] had his mind made up on this
subject longer ago than the 3d day of June. I
think that he—although elected a member of
this House, which is to pass upon this question
upon the evidence—had given his opinion to
the country in advance of _a.ll investigations,
and he cannot be consistent with the record he
has made before the country except by voting
to sustain the position he assumed before the
country prior to taking his seat here.
Now, sir, the publication of the action of the
committee in June amounted to nothing more
than this : that upon the facts disclosed by tes-
timony, up to that time such high crimes and
misdemeanors upon the part of the President
had not been developed as would justify an
exercise of the impeaching power of this
House, and in connection with that I may
say 
Mr. BUTLER. One word further. Was
not that summing up before the testimony was
all in ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I am not intending
to disclose all that occurred in committee at
that time. I have not done it, nor will I do it
except at the proper time ; but, sir, when the
time for the discussion of this case does come,
notwithstanding the recognized ability of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, and the power
as a lawyer conceded to him by the country, if
my frail judgment of the case shall conflict with
his I will meet him in fair and legitimate dis-
cussion of all the issues involved in it. I do
n t intend to develop anything in advance
beyond that.
Mr. B UTLER. I hope that time will come
before I die, and I do not expect to die before
seventy.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman from
Massachusetts is a restless gentleman. I un-
derstand that well enough. He wants every
one to act in his way, ana he will not be satis-
fied with anything else. He must remember
there are other men in the world besides him-
self, and that they cannot all look at every
question just as he does.
And it so happens a vote of this House has
fixed the lime when this case shall come before
it for consideration. During the first week of
the next session, whether it be an adjourned
or a regular session, is the time fixed for the
report to be presented. • That is the judgment
of the House on this point.
Let me say, Mr. Speaker, to the gentleman
from Massachusetts and all others who are
disposed to complain of the action of the com-
mittee, that I am willing to-day, if the House
desire it and think it prudent and proper, to
let this whole testimony go to the country in
advance of fee next session. I have no objec-
tion to that if that be the desire of the House ;
but, as I have suggested to the members of the
minority of the committee, it would hardly be
a proper proceeding to throw the case upon
the country for consideration before the House
is ready to take it up. The impropriety of
such a course of proceeding must be evident
to all.
In regard to what that testimony m'ay dis-
close I am perfectly free to say this—because I
may lay it upon the public record and in view
of the public acts of the President of the United
States—that I find enough to justify my deter-
mined hostility to the policy he adopted and
to his whole course of conduct concerning the
questions at issue between him and Congress.
Jiis conduct is and has been most reprehen-
sible. There is to my mind nothing clearer
than that politically there is no justification of
his actions and the headstrong obstinacy with
which he has persisted in his evil ways. But
it is a different thing when you impose upon
me the duty of determining as a member of the
Judiciary Committee whether this conduct and
these acts, bad as they are, will, under the law
and* the. testimony in this gase, warrant an
impeachment of the President of the United
States. But I do not intend to go into a dis-
cussion of any questions of law or fact involved
in this case until the proper time. I have my
view of it, but further development of the
facts may change my view. There may be such
a state of facts, in addition to those already
developed, as to authorize a report by the whole
committee in favor of the impeachment of the
President. If that should happen I will support
it with what power I can command. And now,
sir, I hope this case will rest where the House
has placed it. Let it come on in the time and
manner already ordered by the House; we then
can discuss it in the light of its own develop-
ments, and I feel sure it will be wisely dis-
posed of. •' "
Mr. COOK. Rcfcrcnce having been made
to the opinions of the Judiciary Committee of
the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and the question
having been raised why a change was made in
that committee, I wish to say a jingle word or
two in explanation of my position as a member
of that committee in the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, and also of the reasons why I left that
committee.
While I was a member of the committee,
during the time the investigation was pending
before it, I do not think I made any expression
of my opinion on the subject of the impeach-
ment of the President. During that time I
was .very reticent in the expression of any
opinion as to what was or was not proven be-
fore the committee, and I do not think I ever
did announce publicly what I thought on that
subject while a member of the committee or
that my views were known to any one. But
since I ceased to be a member of it, not feel-
ing any responsibility on the subject of the
committee's report, and having a decided
opinion upon the question, I have on various
occasions stated what that opinion was, namely,
that I thought there was evidence before the
committee which ought to be presented to the
Senate of the UnitedStates. But that expres-
sion of opinion has been wholly since my con-
nection with the Judiciary Committee has
ceased.
The suggestion that I should be changed
from that committee came from myself. The
reasons that influenced me in making it were
wholly independent of any Jfnestion pending
before the committee, having no reference to
any such question whatever. I made the sug-
gestion, and I suppose I originated the idea
that I should be changed from that commit-
tee ; and the reason that operated on my mind
was this: I knew there was a claim, and it
seemed to me to be a just one, that the Dem-
ocratic party should be represented by a larger
number than one on a committee of nine.
There was but one member from that party
on the oommittce in the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, and the new questions before that com-
mittee wore of such grave importance that it
seemed to me to be just that another niember
from tHe other side of the House should be
appointed. I understood that the demand was
made. I understood that a gentleman from
that party prominent in my own State was
urged by the_ members of his party for the
position, and it seemed to me to be reasonable
that the change should be made. Therefore,
to relieve the matter from all embarrassment,
I myself m'ade the suggestion that the wishes
of the gentlemen on the other side should be
met in that regard. That was the reason that
influenced me to suggest that I should not be
reappointed on that committee. I know of
no other reason; and knowing all the circum-
stances under which the change was made, I
think I may say that I know that no other
reason influenced any one who had anything
to do in connection with the change on that
committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is obliged to
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Cook] for
the statement he has just made.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask consent, in connection
with this subject, to offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That in the matter of the impeachment
of the President, the Committee on the Judiciary be
further instructed when they present the testimony
in the first we ok of the nest session of Congress to
cause to be printed and presented therewith also the
report of the committee and the views of tho minor-
ity, if any members of the committee should dissent
from the general conclusion of said committee.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. M?. Speaker, I
wish to say to the gentleman from Illinois that
there is no doubt at all about that being the
course of action the committee will pursue.
We have already asked for authority to present
in print the usual number of capies of the tes-
timony, and wc intend to have ready the wholo
ease at that time. Therefore I suggest that it
is unnecessary to pass a resolution of this kind.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I will only say
to the chairman of the committee that this res-
olution will surely do no harm. As I under-
stand it, there is no order for the printing of
the report of the chairman of the committee:
and certainly the resolution which we passed
was not designed to imply an order to print
the report of a minority of the committee. If
I am properly posted in reference to what com-
mittees are required to do or may do in a delib-
erative body, there is no such thing as a minor-
ity of the committee known except by order of
the House. Hence, although it may be intended
on the part of the chairman that the voice of
the minority should go to the country as well
as that of the majority, yet it can do no harm
for us to express the view of the House on that
subject.
Mr. WOODBBIDGE. Of course I have no
objection; but 1 understand the object of the
resolution to be to have the minority reports
printed. Well, now, that is very unusual. If
any gentleman of the minority desires to ex-
press his views, he can have them printed in
the Congressional Globe. The idea of having
nine different opinions printed by order of tho
House in relation to this question seems a
very novel one and establishing a very bad
precedent. I know that the opinions of these
gentlemen will be very interesting and very
useful to the country; but at the same time I
do not see any reason why we should depart
from the usual rule, and allow every gentle-
man to spread before the country as many
hundred pages as his facility in writing will
enable him to produce.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman has certainly
understood my views as to the liberty and right
of each man to express his opinion of this
House, so that the House may examine and
understand it. I will say to the gentleman
from Vermont, when he says that this is not
an ordinary motion for publishing to the coun-
try the reports of the minority, that this is not
an ordinary proceeding, an impeachment or
investigation into the conduct of the President-
Mr. WOODBBIDGE. One moment. I
