1867..
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
763
bog the gentleman not to impute to me a de-
sire to withhold the reports of the minority.
An opportunity of laying their views before
the country is always allowed to minorities, if
not as a matter of right, certainly as a matter
of courtesy.
Mr. LOGAN. I did not impugn the motives
of the gentleman from Vermont, but inasmuch
as he says that he has no desire to prevent the
opinions of any of the members of the com-
omittee from going to the country I infer that
he agrees with me, and is for'this resolution;
at least th'at is the tendency of his remarks.
Mr. SCHENCK. Is the resolution before
the House ?
The SPEAKER. It is„
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me.
Mr. LOGAN. I will do so.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to strike out all
after the word. " instructed " and to insert the
words "to report forthwith to this House all
the testimony that has been taken in the case."
Mr. LOGAN. I consent to that amend-
ment, and hope that it will, bo adopted ; and I
now move the previous question on the adop-
tion of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. GETZ. Would not that resolution
directly conflict with the resolution already
adopted by the House, instructing the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary to report on this subject
at the next session of Congress?
The SPEAKER. It is for the House to
determine how both resolutions can be carried
into effect.
Mr. LOGAN. I will accept the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio.
The'SPEAKER. The previous question has
been seconded on the original resolution, and
the gentleman cannot accept the amendment
except by unanimous consent. Is there objec-
tion V
No objection was made.
Mr. SCHENCK., I demand the yeas and
nays on the resolution as modified.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 58, nays 43, not voting
09 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, James M. Ashley, Ben-
jamin, Benton, Bromwell, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Covode, Cullom, Driggs,
Farnsworth, Ferris*, Fields, Finney, Gravely^ Hop-
kins Hunter, Ingersoll, Judd, J ulian, Kelley, Kelsey,
William Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Me-
Clurg, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Myers, O'Neill, Or ell,
Paine, Perham, Pile, Polsley, Raum, Ross, Schenck,
Scolield, Shanks, Aaron F. Stevens, Tharldeus Ste-
vens, Taffe, Thomas, Van Aemam, Robert T. Van
Horn, Van Wyek, Ward, Henry D. Washburn,
We]ker, Thomas Williams, William Williams, and
John T. Wilson—58.
NATS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer, Baker,
Baldwin. Banks, Blair, Boutwcll, Buck land, Churchill,
Cornell, Dixon, Eldridge, Ferry, Uetz.Halsey, Hamil-
ton, Hill, llooper, Chester 1). Hubbard, Jenekes,
Koontz, (ieorge V. Lawrence, Marshall, Morrell,
Mungen, Niblack, Noell, Phelps, Plants, Pruyn, Rob-
inson, Seiye, Stone, Trowbridge, Tivichell, Upson,
Van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Van Trump, James F.
Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—43.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
Barnes, Barnum, Beaman, Bingham, Blaine, Boyer,
Brooks, Broom all, Burr, Butler, Cake,Clianler, Dawes,
Bodge, Donnelly, Eckley, Eggleston, Ela, Eliot, Fox,
Garfield, (xlossbrenner, Griswold, liaight, Harding,
Jlayes, Ilolman, Hotchkiss, Asahel AY. Hubbard,
Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Kerr,
Ketcliam, Kitchen, Lafiin, Lincoln, Lynch, Mallory,
Marvin, McCarthy,MeCullough, Moorhoad, Morgan,
Morrisscy, Newcomb, Nicholson, Peters, Pike, Po-
land, Pomeroy, Price, Randall, Robertson, Sawyer,
Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding, Stark-
weather, Stewart, Taber, Taylor, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Stephen F.Wil-
son, and Wood—69.
So the resolution ofMr. Louan, as modified,
was adopted.
Mr. BOUTWELL, when his name was
exiled, said: Understanding that it is not the
intention of the House to continue in session
to act on this testimony when submitted, I
vote "No."
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the president.
A message in writing from the President of
the United States was received by Mr. W. G.
Moore, his Private Secretary, wlio also an-
nounced that the President had approved and
signed a joint resolution (H. R. No. 78) author-
izing Extensions of the mail steamship service
between the United States and China and
Japan.
impeachment of the president again.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask that the reso-
lution just adopted on the motion of the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] may be read.
I desire to understand the action of the House
on this subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That in the matter of the impeachment
of the President the Committee on the Judiciary be
further instructed to report forthwith to this House
all the testimony that has been taken in the case.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I wish to make
one single inquiry: whether the House will
regard this resolution as • a discharge of the
committee from the further investigation of
this subject, so as to cut them off from submit-
ting any report V
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pcnnsylvania. I move
that the testimony, when reported by the com-
mittee in accordance with the order of the
House, be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa.^I think that the
action which has been tafen by the House
ought to be carried out to its legitimate con-
clusions and the committee discharged from
the further consideration of this subject.
The SPEAKER. That motion is privileged
if the gentleman li^akes it.
Mr. WILSON of Iowa. If the testim'ony
already taken is to be spread before the coun-
try while the investigation is still proceeding,
and before the committee has passed upon the
question and given its conclusions to the
House, it seems to me hardly worth while that
the committee should continue its investiga-
tion further.
The SPEAKER. As there is no motion
pending, the Chair will lay before the House
message from the President of the United
States.
publication of cabinet proceedings.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
message from the President of the United
States ; which was read, as follows :
To the House of liepresentaiives:
I have received a resolution adopted by the
House of Representatives on the 8th instant,
inquiring "whether the publication which
appeared in the National Intelligencer and
other public prints on the 21st of June last, and
which contained a statement of the proceedings
of the President and the Cabinet in respect to
an interpretation of the acts of Congress com-
monly known as the reconstruction acts, was
made by the authority of the President or with
his knowledge and consent," and "whether the
full and complete record or minute of all the
proceedings^ conclusions, and determinations
of the President and Cabinet relating to said
acts of Congress and their interpretation is
embraced or given in said publication," and
also requesting that "a true copy of the full
and complete record or minute ot such proceed-
ings, conclusions, and determinations in regard
to the interpretation of said reconstruction
acts'' be furnished to the House.
In compliance with the request of the House
of Representatives I have to state that the pub-
lication to which the resolution refers was made
by proper authority, and that it comprises the
proceedings in Cabinet relating to the acts of
Congress mentioned in the inquiry, upon which,
after taking the opinions of the heads of the
several Executive Departments of the Govern-
ment, I had announced my own conclusions.
Other questions arising from these acta have
been under consideration, upon which, how-
ever, no final conclusion ha&foeen reached. No
publication in reference to them has, therefore,
been authorized by me; but should it at any
time be deemed proper and advantageous to
the interests of the country to make public
those or any other proceedings of the Cabinet,
authority for their promulgation will be given
by the President.
A correct copy of the record of the proceed-
ings published in the National Intelligencer
and other newspapers on the 21st ultimo is
herewith transmitted, together with a copy of
the instructions based upon the conclusions of
the President and Cabinet and sent to the com-
manders of the several military districts created
by act of Congress of March 2, 1867.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, July 20, 1867.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the message
and accompanying documents be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary. I do not
move that they shall have power to send for
persons and papers, for they have that power
already. If they choose to exercise it in that
direction, I say, sir, that they may find some
facts very different from those contained in
that message.
Mr. MUNGEN. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider b® laid on the table.
The fitter motion was agreed to. *
committee stenographers.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I ask unanimous
consent to submit the following resolution, and
to make a brief statement to the House in
explanation of it.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That when more than three committees
of the House or sub-committees shall be in session,
and engaged in taking testimony at any one time,
the accounts of the stenographers of the House for
reporting such additional testimony (when done by
them or persons employed by them! shall be allowed
at the rates now received by the reporters.for the
Congressional Crlobe, and paid upon the certilicates
o£ the chairmen of said committees rc^ectively.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I ask unanimous
consent to say a few words on the subject
before objection to the resolution is asked for.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. WOODBRTDGE. Mr. Speaker, I
merely desire to say that these gentlemen, the
stenographers of the House, called upon me
and requested that I should bring this matter
before the House. They have a contract with
the Government by which for their salaries
alone they report all the testimony taken be-
fore the committees of the House, paying the
assistants which they may employ out of their
own pockets. Their salary, I believe, is about
four thousand dollars each, and up to the pres-
ent time they have furnished reporters for all
the various committees and sub-committees
without expense to the Government. Now, it
appears that the number of committees and
sub-committees which will hold sessions during
the recess to take testimony will be thirteen,
and for all these they will be obliged to fur-
nish reporters. The investigations of these
committees will extend from New England at
least to Kentucky, and it will be great injustice
not to make some provision lbr the payment
of some of these reporters, and to leave the
burden to fall entirely upon these gentlemen
who have made a hard bargain. The resolu-
tion proposes that they shall not only report
themselves but furnish a reporter for a third
committee, and that when more than three
committees are sitting at the same time the
additional labor shall be paid for at the rates
allowed the reporters for the Congressional
Globe.
* .
