764
•THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLCfBE.
J ulj 20,
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will say to the gentle-
man from Vermont, if these stenographers
only received the same pay as the reporters of
the Congressional Globe I would not object to
it at all; but as it now stands these gentlemen
employed by the House receive many times
more than the Globe reporters. They receive
large salaries for doing nothing much of the
time; and now because they are to be asked
to do something the gentleman proposes that
the work shall be done by others and paid for
by the Government. If the gentleman will
provide that these stenographers shall be paid
as the Globe reporters are paid I will not
object.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I know nothing about
this myself, but these gentlemen have explained
the matter to me, and I have no doubt truth-
fully. I understand that they do not get what
the Globe reporters get. They get four thou-
sand dollars, and the pay of the Globe report-
ers I understand is more. Besides, they have
furnished reporters for all the committees.
Now, the number of committees is so great,
all requiring reporters, and the outlay on their
part is so great that their salaries lyill not pay
the reporters they will have to employ, and I
think it is only just this relief should be
afforded.
Should we ask them to pay out of their sal-
aries several thousand dollars for extra report-
ing ? If they undertake to furnish stenogra-
phers for those various committees it will take
half a fortune to do it. It seems to me to be
just and right that the extra reporters should
get the same rate of compensation that the
Globe reporters do. The two men who took
this contract get their salaries, which amount,
as I stated, to about four thousand*dollars
each. Out of those salaries they have to pay
for one extra reporter, which will reduce their
salaries to about three thousand dollars. If it
is wrong that they should have this relief I
would like the gentleman to show it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I think I can show it.
These gentlemen are getting very large pay for
doing very little work. It has been so all the
last year. They have had very little to do.
But now it is probable they .will have consid-
erable to do, in which case I am aware that
they may not get enough pay. But let them
and their employ6s have the same pay that
the Globe reporters get, and no more. Tift
Globe reporters would be willing to do the
work at the same rate they now get, and would
consider themselves making money by it.
Stenographers in abundance can be obtained
to do it at that rate. When these gentlemen
come bnck next session and show us that they
had to employ a good many sub-stenographers
and are out of pocket, or have not made as
much money as they ought, I have no doubt
the House will do them justice. But there is
no need of bringing the question up now.
Mr. WOODB1UDGE. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania, like myself, always feels very
much hurt when he sees money taken out of
the Treasury. We both are ready to raise
objection to anything that takes away the
public money. But, sir, my sense of justice
induces me to go out of my usual rule and vote
away a little money in this instance.
The gentleman says during the last year
these stenographers have had nothing to do.
Let us see. There were two investigating
committees in session in New York and a
committee in Washington. Then there was
the Judiciary Committee in session with extra
reporters from the time of the last adjourn-
ment till the 3d of June. I venture to say
that with all the work they have to do they
make a very meager salary—not enough to
support them if they have families. Now, by
order of the House they will be absolutely
ruined next year if they fulfill their contract.
It is not the design of the Government to do
that which will oppress people who have taken
contracts to do public work. I do not ask that
they shall have a cent more than their services
arc worth. We do not get rich out of our sala-
ries, and I am sure they cannot do it. I really
think they ought to be relieved.
Mr. SCOPIBLD. One word in reply to the
gentleman's economy. I suppose of course he
is not in earnest when he says that he and I
feel very much hurfV/hen we see money taken
out of the Treasury. I do not understand that
he claims to be so very economical. I am not
aware that his votes would sustain his eulogy
upon himself even if he is in earnest^ Now, I
do not care about the small amount this_ bill
takes out of the Treasury, but it is advertising
to the country that we will pay extra prices to
every man who will come here, hang" around,
and get some clever member of Congress to
make a motion for his benefit. It is debauching
everybody about the Capitol. Some member
gets up and makes a motion that the employes
of the House be continued during the recess.
Nobody wants to be considered small, and  
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will ad-
dress the Chair.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I thought the Chair un-
derstood this question perfectly, and I saw
that the gentleman from Vermont did not
know much about it, so I was endeavoring to
feulighton him. [Laughter.]
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. The gentleman ac-
cuses me of being a very elevcr man. I think
a great many would not agree with him in that
view. I hope, however, I am-a just man.
Now, sir, one of thes« gentlemen has just
told me that if they had been paid for the last
year at the rate the Crlobe reporters are paid
they would have received more tjjan $10,000
instead of S3,000. That is an entire answer
to the gentleman's argument, that during the
last year they revived large sums of money
for doing a very little work. I suppose the
statement of the stenographers is true ; and if
it is, there certainly is great reason and pro-
priety, it seems to me, in providing some relief
for them in view of the luture duties that are
imposed upon them. I now demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. MILLER. I hope the gentleman will
not insist on tliat.
The question was put, and the previous ques-
tion was not seconded.
Mr. MILLER. I now move that theresolu-
tion be referred to the Committee of Accounts
when appointed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a question
of order. It certainly was not understood that
that resolution was before the House. The
debate on it was ponding the question whether
there was any objection to it. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] reserved
the right to object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman states the
fact correctly, that the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. SroFTKT.i)] reserved the right to
object, but he resumed his seat without objee-
tiong; but there is a pending motion to refer to
the Committee of Accounts when appointed.
The motion to refer to the Committee of
Accounts was agreed to.
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was referred ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER then proceeded, as the reg-
ular order of business, to call the committees
for reports.  
Mr. BAKER. I have no resolution to pre-
sent, but will state that on yesterday I desired
to submit some remarks on the recent veto
messages of the President. Under the rules
of the House I had no opportunity of doing
so, and I now ask that I may hand what I
desired to say to the reporters.
No objection was made, and the leave was
granted. [See Appendix.]
.Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I desire, also,
to submit some remarks, and I ask that they
be printed.
No objection was made, and the leave to
print, was granted. [His remarks will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
location of indians.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
when appointed be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of reporting a bill providing for the loca-
tion of all the Indian tribes of the United States on
a tract of land sufficient for their necessities, under
the superintendency of some humane person, with a '
view to the education of said tribes and thb protec-
tion of their rights. n
ADJOURNMENT 01 CONGRESS.
Mr. PIKE, from the committee of confer-
ence, on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
in regard to an adjournment, reported the fol-
lowing concurrent resolution:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That at four o'clock and thirty
mimutes, p. m. on Saturday, the 20th of July instant,
the President of the Senate and the Speaker of the
Rouso of Representatives adjourn their respective
Houses, to meet on Thursday, the 21st day of Novem-
ber next, at twelve o'clock m.
Mr. PIKE. As this is very nearly the House
resolution it is hardly worth while to discuss it,
and I call the previous question on agreeing to
the report of the committee of conference.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. LOAN. I move that the report of the
committee of conference be laid on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred, under the operation
of the previous question, upon agreeing to the
report of the committee of conference.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 61, nays 47, not voting
62; as followsj
YEAS —Messrs. Adams, Allison. Archer,Baldwin,
Banks, Beatnan, Blair, Bromwell, Buckland, Butler,
Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Cornell, Dixon,Driggs,
Ferry, Fields, Getz, Halsey, Hamilton, Hayes, Hill,
Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hunter,
Jcnckes, Kellcy, Kitchen, Koontz, George V. Law-
rence, Lincoln, Marshall, Miller, Moore, Morrell,
Myers, O'Neill, Paine, I'll nips, Pike, Polsley, Pruyn,
Robinson, Sawyer, Solye, Aaron F. Stevens, Stone,
T;ith;, Trowbridge, Twicliell, Upson, Tan Aernam,
Van Aukon, Burt Van Horn, Van Trump, Henry
D. Washburn. Welker, William Williams, .Tames K.
Wilson, and Woodbridge—61.
NAYS—Messis.Andei son. JainesM. Ashley, Baker,
Benjamin, Bonton, Boutwell, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Coburn, Cook, Covode, Cullom, Donnelly, Eldridge,
Farnsworth.Forriss, Finney, (iravely, Ingersoll, Judd,
Julian, ICelsey, William Lawrence, Loan, Logan,
Loughridge, McClurg, Mercur, Niblack, Noeli, Orth,
Pei'ham, Pile, Plants, Raum, Ross, Sehenck, Scotield,
Shanks. Thaddeus Stevens, Thomas, Robert T. Van
Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, Thomas Williams, John T.
Wilson, and Windom—47.
NOT VOTING—-Messrs. Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
Barnes, Barnum. Bingham, Blaine, Buyer, Brooks,
Broomall, Burr, Cake, Clianler, Dawes, Bodge, Eek-
ley, Eggleston, Ela, Eliot, Fox, Garfield, Glossbren-
ner, Griswold, Ilaight, Harding, Holman, Hotchkiss,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, ilulbimi,
Humphrey, Kerr, Kcteliam, Laflin, Lynch, Mallory,
Marvin. McCarthy, MeCullough,Moorhead, Morgan,
MonUsey, Mungen, Newcomb, Nicholson, Peters,
Poland, Pomeroy, Price, Randall, Robertson, Shcl -
labarger,Sitgroaves, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather,
Stewart, Tabor, Taylor. Cadwalader C. Washburn,
William B. Washburn, Stephen F. Wilson, and
Wood—62.
So the report of the committee of conferenco
was adopted.
Mr. PIKE moved to reconsider the vote last
taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
appointments in the departments.
Mr. N0ELL. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of considering at the present
time the following resolution:
Resolved, That the heads of the Departments of
War, Navy, State, Interior, Treasury, and Post Office
are requested to inform the House of the names of
clerks, appointees, and employes in their respective
Departments; also the salary and term of service of
each; also the district and State or Territory from
which appointed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. NOELL obtained the floor.
Mr. PlOSS. I desire, with t.he consent of
the geiitlenjan from Missouri, [Mr. Noeia,]
