1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBE-
765'
. to move to amend his resolution by adding
"and on whose recommendation."
Mr. NOELL. I have no objection to that
amendment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would suggest that if
, we require the names of all those who have
recommended all these clerks, the communica-
tion will be so voluminous that we cannot
receive it for a long time. In some cases per-
sons applying for clerkships obtain the recom-
mendations of various persons at home, and
send them to their member of Congress.
Mr. ROSS. The information which I desire
to get is, what member of Congress made the
recommendation in each case. This informa-
tion would show what many' gentlemen here
know to be a fact, that some members can get
half a dozen clerks appointed in the Depart-
ments where others cannot get one. I think
there should be something like a fair distribu*
tion in this respect. I want to know who are
the favorites at the Departments in getting
clerks appointed.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the gentleman will
modify his amendment so as to add to the
resolution the words "and by what member
of Congress recommended," I shall have no
objection.
Mr. ROSS. I modify my amendment in that
way.
■Mr. NOELL. Mr. Speaker, in explanation
of this resolution, I will say that the number
,of clerks appointed during the war from the
eastern States preponderated so largely over
the number appointed from the western States
that I believe some measure of this kind is
necessary in order to show that preponderance
and bring about the relief that we need.
During the war we have suffered in the West
a great deal from the ravages of the armies on
both sides. Our people have been impover-
ished and-plundered; .they have-been stripped
of their property, so that persons formerly
wealthy are now reduced to abject poverty.
On the other hand, in favored eastern and
northern States from which most of the appoint-
ments in the Departments have been made,
the people, instead of being impoverished by
the war have had their wealth increased by it.
The immense patronage of the Government
has been scattered in profusion over a com-
paratively few States. The majority of the
appointments in the Departments have been
made from the States of Pennsylvania, New
York, Massachusetts, and Maine. I desire by
means of t^e response to this resolution to
show this fact—to show that the people of the
western States are deprived of .the benefits of-
Government patronage, are wholly ignored by
the Departments., The exhibition of this fact
may give force to the demand for sBme relief
against such a state of affairs.
When the distinguished Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Wade,] acting Vice Pr®ident, was in
the West he called attention to the unequal
distribution of the benefits of the Government,
to the disadvantage of the West. He knew
the deep feeling which exists among the peo-
ple there; that the burdens of the Government
are laid heavily upon them. Thoy are, "sir,
most severely taxed, and they have not arrived
at that shrewdness of making np their returns,
as they do elsewhere, if report be true, so as to
evade the payment of internal revenue. They
are taxed heavily, and they pay their taxes
honestly. They bear the burdens of the Gov-
ernment. Thoy are used as machines to grind
out so much money for this Government, which
is to be paid into the hands of a certain domi-
nant party, and after being used as machines
and their services secured, then they are given
the go-by. When patronage is to be distrib-
uted, or any financial benefits accorded, they
are left out in the cold. [Laughter.]
Why, sir, we in the West are not only taxed
heavily for the support of the Government by-
supplying internal revenue, but in the tariff
acts a discrimination is made against us and
in favor of the eastern manufacturers. Our
taxes are increased to the extent to which for-
eign importations are prohibited, so as to on-
rich the manufacturing interests of New Eng-
land. What the custom duties have in the way
of deficiency we must supply. Now, when we
consider these taxes are drawn from the West
and put into the pockets of the rich manu-
facturers, I conceive it must be admitted that
great injustice is done to us.
And, sir, there should be some, remedy for
this great evil. Senator Wade obscurely hinted
what he "deemed some sort of relief. He had
his mind upon the women oftheWest. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. For how long has
the gentleman the floor?
The SPEAKER. -An hour.
Mr. NOELL. Senator Wade knew what he
was about. He knew that the women of the
country were used to governing their families,
and that they knew by instinct what was proper
to be done. He was for giving them a voice
in the Government, knowing as soon as that
was done their management would get rid of
the burdens,which the West carries for the
manufacturers of the East.
Mr. BENTON. Is there any reason why
the people of the West should not have a man-
ufacturing interest as well as the East?
Mr. NOELL. That is too large a subject to
discuss now. The East has the superior advan-
tage of shrewdness in " gouging.!' [Laughter. ]
It has secured the most of the benefits of the
Government. It has the most of the patronage.
We have the strange spectacle of a great party—
I do not know it is great except in persistence
of purpose—a party having great weight and
influence in the affairs of the country, that has
built itself up on ihe patronage of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. BENTON. What party do you refer to?
Mr. NOELL. The Radical party.
Mr. BENTON.' Is not the gentleman aware
that the officers who have the patronage are
the supporters of " my'policy ?'' Do not the
"bread-and-butter" politicians oppose the
Republican party?
Mr. NOELL. It has been the misfortune
of the President that the patronage conferred
upon him by the- Constitution has been taken
away from him. Why, sir, if he were to send
in the names of the twelve apostles to the Sen-
ate that body would reject one after another
till they came to Judas Iscariot, and him they
would confirm. [Laughter.]
It is almost impossible from the character of
the officers that are appointed to get a good
man confirmed. It is patronage that has built
the party up ; on that its whole strength is
founded so that it is able to control the desti-
nies of the country.
Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire. I
would ask the gentleman if he is in favor of
the policy of the President?
Mr. NOELL. Well, I am in favor.of my
own policy. [Laughter.] I think every man
should have his'own policy and follow it; and
mine at this time is to give the West an equal
chance with the eastern States in the distribu-
tion of these offices.
Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire. I ask-
the gentleman how the clerks in the various
Departments are appointed; whether the Rad-
ical party has anything to do with their appoint-
ment ?
Mr. NOELL. The appointees in the De-
partments are nearly all Radicals. If the poor-
est and meanest clerk in any Department is
turned out it raises a howl, and resolutions are
offered and speeches made which are calcu-
lated to strike terror into the soul of every
head of a Department. [Laughter] And yet
we see many of these appointees connected
with this party working by every means in their
power to build up their own party and break
down the Administration under which they are
holding office.
We have had some violent speeches during
this session on impeachment. It is well that
the weather was good. Had it been the usual
temperature at this season of the year gen-
tlemen would have brought themselves into a
condition which would have, induced disease,
and not all the ice that could be put in the
Aqueduct would have kept the temperature of
this Hall so low as to prevent evil conse-
quences from such rash exertions on their
part. It has been with the Radical party a
question of bread and butter. Because they
could not have full possession of the patron-
age they have worked themselves lip into a
perfect rage. Fr6m this very question of pa-
tronage the question of impeachment derives
all its strength.
It was the misfortune of the Administration
to have the patronage, for in these weak pip-
ing times of peace a little bread-and butter is
a dangerous thing. [Laughter.] They havv>
cut us off from the exercise of patronage in
the manner in which every Executive has here-
tofore exercised it, and they have compelled
the Administration to appoint men that would
be acceptable to themselves; and the charac-
ter of such a man as would be acceptable to
the Radical party could hardly be estimated.
[Laughter.] We have seen distinguished gen-
tlemen on this floor making speeches on im-
peachment. Why, sir, they even wanted to
hang the President. They have worked day
and night; they have tried to connect him
with the assassination because they thought if
he was dangling betwixt heaven and earth
what a glorious lot of bread and butter would
fall into their mouths. [Laughter.]
We have seen the distinguished gentleman
from Massachusetts get up on this floor and
shake his head most seriously when the ques-
tion of assassination was before the Judiciary
Committee, and saying he hoped things might
not be as they might be, but if they were
as they might be he did not know what the
consequence would be. [Laughter.] Why,
sir, some of these gentlemen who were develop-
ing the great conspiracy made themselves lions,
and as they walked along the street people
would say, " There goes Mr. So-and-So; he
knows who killed Lincoln; he can see as far into
a millstone as any other man." [Laughter.]
impeachment 01' the president.
Mr. COVODE. Will the gentleman yield
a*moment to allow me to offer a resolution?
I find there is no authority given to the Judi-
ciary Committee to make a report and have it
printed.
Mr. NOELL. I will yield to allow it to be
read.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows :
HesolvA, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
permitted, witli their testimony in the matter of
impeachment, of the President, to present and have
printed their report thereon; and also the views of
the minority of the committee, or of any member or
members thereof.
Mr. NOELL. I object. We have had too
many of these Radical electioneering docu-
ments circulating over the country, leading to
all kinds of investigations.
appointments ix the departments—-*again.
Mr. NOELL. How much time have I?
The SPEAKER. About ten minutes.
Mr. NOELL. I have said that this ques-
tion of patronage exercises a great deal of
influence. It is one that appeals to the affec-
tions of the Radical party. When we touch
upon that we touch upon a thing that they love,
xln office in their minds is scarcely excelled in
attractions by an individual of the great col-
ored species. Next to their devotion to the
irrepressible or everlasting African they are
devoted to offices. I believe that if the sub-
ject were fully investigated it would be found
that their de\otiou to the African is increased
and intensified by its connection wich their
devotion to official patronage. I know that
thej'have a natural attachment to the African.
They believe that—
* "A thing of bca.uy is a joy forever:"
and they keep this thin!; continually before the
country. They commenced by emancipating
the African ; raising a howl over the country for
emancipation. That was the first stage. They
did not want to exhaust the subject; they wanted
to keep a part in reserve for future elections.
Two years after that it was proposed that th<<
