766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
African should be recognized as a citizen, and
we liadlt taste of the doctrine of the ''Ameri-
can citizen of African descent," The Radical
party were not satisfied with this; the object,
was merely to draw the people on. After that
we had another act giving to the African the
full privileges of a citizen; giving him the
elective franchise. That, I^think, was a glo-
rious spectacle of Africanism. But still that
was not satisfactory. It was found that that
policy would not do. A distinguished gentle-
man from Massachusetts said that universal
franchise was simply transferring the South to
the hands of the rebels. He knew full well
the power of an aristocratic element. He
knew the power of money over the poorer
class. He knew the influence which wealth
can exercise in political affairs. He had
seen in the North that the national banks
and other financial schemes had placed the
' country in the hands of a powerful faction of
wealthy 'men, and. that the opinions of the
people everywhere were molded by the influ-
ence of money. He declared that universal
suffrage would throw the control of the South
into the hands of the rebels. So the next
• thing in the programme was to take away the
right of voting from the whites, and then to
build up an immense military machinery by
which the right of voting was taken away from
all, by which the ordinary apparatus of govern-
ment was abolished, and all controlling power
put into the hands of a few military leaders.
Mr. BENTON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man how the Democratic party came to lose
their ascendency in Missouri?
Mr. NOELL. Well, sir, the Democratic
party lost their ascendency in Missouri as they
have lost it in other places: just by getting
beaten. XLaughter.]
Mr. BENTON. "The gentleman does not
answer my question. - I will ask him whether
the displacing of that party from power was
not because there were so many rebels and
"traitors in the party?
Mr. NOELL. Well, sir, I do not know any-
thing about that. I know that in Missouri,
under the registration law—which is the ex-
ample that has been followed in reconstruc-
tion—a man«was not asked whether he was a
rebel or was loyal. He was asked any ques-
tion that the register chose to ask him, and
no matter what his answer was, if it was sus-
pected ho would not vote for the Radical party,
his name was stricken from the list. In some
places the fact that a man belonged to a John-
son' club was a sufficient reason for striking his
name from the list. In other places a man
was asked whether he was a Catholic; and his
being such was considered as good ground for
striking his name. Thus the thing was car-
ried on. The proceedings were governed by
no fair or uniform principle. The question
was n£>t that of loyalty; the question was
whether this minority faction could get into
its hands the whole patronage of the Govern-
ment; whether the wealth of the State could
be placed under their control, to be exacted
in the shape of exorbitant taxation. And,
Mr. Speaker, it almost sufficed to disfranchise
a man if he had a farm large enough to make
him sensitive upon the question of tax-paying.
I do not propose to prolong this discussion
unnecessarily; but it is very rarely that we on
this side get an opportunity to occupy any
time. Now, I hope that all gentlemen who
are fair-minded, and every member ought to
be fair-minded 
Mr. LO GAN. Will the gentleman give way
a moment to allow mc to introduce a resolution
of some importance?
Mr. NOELL. If there is any "bread and
butter" in it let us have it.
mileage.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Senate
concurring,) That tlio members of the House and Son-
ate snail bo allowed the same mileage for their attend-
ance at this as at former sessions of Congress.
Mr. BAKER. I object.
Mr. LOGAN. What is the matter? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BAKER. I will tell the gentleman what
is the matter. I think it an eminently unfit and
improper resolution.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri to yield to me.
Mr. NOELL. Certainly.
Mr. GETZ. The gentleman allows this to
be taken out of his time to put money into liis
pocket. [Laughter.]
'Mr. NOELL. Why, sir, time is money.
[Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. I move to suspend the rules
to introduce my resolution.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. NOELL. I will say a word on the res;
olution.'
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman is putting
the cart before the horse.; he is proposing to
argue what has just been decided.
. _ enrolled bills.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled
bills of the following titles ; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (S. No. 138) to carry into effect the
convention with the republic of Venezuela for
the adjustment of claims of citizens of the
United .States on the Government of that
republic; and'
An act (H. R. No. 137) amendatory of an
act making appropriations to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for contingent ex-
penses of the Senate of the United States for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1807, and for
other purposes.
message 1r0-v tiie^hnate.
A message was received from the Senate,
notifying the House that that body had passed
a resolution for the appointment of a commit-
tee on its part, to join such committee as. may
be appointed on the part of the House, to wait
upon the President and inform him unless he
has some further communication to make Con-
gress is ready to adjourn; and that it had
appointed as such committee on its part Mr.
Ramsey and Mr. Fowler.
committer to wait ci'on the president.
Mr. BANKS. I move to concur in the res-
olution of the Senate to appoint a committee
to wait upo  the President.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Speaker
appointed as the committee on tho part of the
House Mr. Banks and Mr. Noell.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
the Senate have concurred in the report of the
committee of conference in reference to the
adjournment, but that a motion to reconsider
has been made, and is being discussed.
• Mr. NOELL. I beg to be excused from
serving on the committee to wait on the Presi-
dent. I have the floor and cannot leave it.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will be
"excused.
Mr. KELSEY. It is not in the power of
the Chair to excuse him.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from
Missouri has the floor for an hour, and I make
the point that a committee cannot be appointed
in his time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The gentleman from Missouri
yielded to allow a message from tho Senate to
be reported.
Mr. NOELL. I had to yield. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. It is a privilege which is
usually granted. The question is on excusing
the gentleman from service.
_ Mr. NOELL. If the House will agree to
give mo my time when I get back I have no
objection.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection? The
Chair hears none.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
The SPEAKER. It is too late.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I believe I made it in
time.
_ Tho SPEAKER. The gentleman did not
rise in his seat.
Mr. NOELL. I demand the previous ques-
tion on my resolution and*-the pending amend-
ments
message IF rom the president.
A message from the President, by Mr.
Moore, his Private Secretary, informed the
House that he had this day approved and
signed an act supplementary to an act to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the con-
tingent expenses of the Senate for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1867, and for other pur-
poses.
appointments in the departments again.
" The previous question was seconded, and
the 'main question ordered on agreeing to the
to the resolution offered by Mr. Noell and
the pending amendment. .
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I demand the ye.as
and nays on the amendment.
Mr. NOELL. I can accept the amendment.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent, the previous question having been
seconded.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
Mi-. SCOFIELD. I move to lay tho resolu-
tion on the table. '
The question being put, there were—ayes
50, noes 26 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to
know whether the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Noell] declines to serve on the com-
mittee to wait on the President; if so he will
appoint another.
Mr. NOELL. I have no objection to serv-
ing, butlcannotleaveatthistime. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair then appoints
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Marshall]
in his place.
Tellers were ordered under the rule ; and the
Chair appointed Messrs. Scofield and Noell.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes, 50, noes 39.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Tellers.
Tellers were refused.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
message from the senate.
♦
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, announced that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of-the
two Houses on the resolution for the adjourn-
ment of .Congress.
impeachment of the president again.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, rose and was recog-
nized by the Chair.
Mr. COVODE. Mr. Speaker, I rise simply
to call the attention of the House to the fact
that there is no provision, as the Journal will
show, for the printing of the report of the Ju-
diciary Committee. Therefore I desire to offer
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on tho Judiciary be
permitted with their testimony in the matter of im-
peachment of the President to present and have
printed their report thereon, and also the views of
the minority of the committee or of any member or
members thereof.
I object.
I move to suspend the
Mr. ELDRIDGE.
Mr. COVODE.
rules.
Mr. NOELL. I rise to a privileged motion.
I move that the committee appointed to wal.
upon the President be allowed to report in
December.
The SPEAKER. That is not a privileged
motion.
On the motion to suspend the rules there
were—ayes thirty-five.
Mr. COVODE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
