768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
November 21,
•HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
, Thursday, November 21, 1867.
The House of Representatives reassembled
pursuant to adjournment, and at twelve o' clock
m. was called to order by the Speaker.
Prayer was offered by R^v. C. B. Boynton,
Chaplain of the House.
The SPEAKER. The recess having ex-
pired, the House resumes its session. XJnless
the reading of the Journal be dispensed with,
the first business in order is the reading of the
Journal of the 20th of July last. If there be
no objection the reading will be dispensed with.
No objection was made.
members sworn in.
The SPEAKER. The next business in
order, as aque|tion of privilege, is the swear-
ing in of members who have been elected dur-
ing the recess.
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER. I hold in my hand
the credentials of Hon. George W. W oodwar ,
member-elect frotif the twelfth congressional
district of Pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER. Hon. Samuel F. Cary,
member-elect from the ■second congressional
district of Ohio, is also present.
Mr. Woodward and Mr. Gary appeared and
qualified by taking the oath proscribed by law.
the tennessee delegation.
The SPEAKER.. The members-elect from1
the State of Tennessee wilj now be called.
The members-elect from Tennessee were
called, as follows: R. • R. Butler, Horace
Maynard, William B. Stokes, James Mul-
mxs, John Trimble, Samuel M. Arnell, I.
R. Hawkins, and David A. Num.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I.object to Mr. Stokes,
of Tennessee, being sworn in.
The SPEAKER: The gentleman must make
some motion in regard to the case.
_ Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that liis creden-
tials be referred to the Committee ofiBlections,
and that he be not sworn in until the case has
been investigated.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a question of
privilege.
The SPEAKER. If no objection be made,
the members-elect from Tennessee to whom
no objection is made will now be sworfi in.
Mr. BROOKS. One of my questions of
privilege js an objection to them sjl. I object
to the shearing in of the delegation from the
State of Tennessee for two reasons: and first,
upon the ground that three of them, if not more,
whom I shall specify by name, have been guilty
of treason to this Government; have violated
its laws and its Constitution; that one of them
has served in the secesh legislature of the State
of Tennessee, and has taken an oath of alle-
giance to the confederate government and to
Jeff. Davis as the head of that government.
I object also to others, whom -I shall name.
This is my first point.
My second point is, that I object to the
swearing in of the whole delegation, upon the
ground that there does not exist, and did not
exist at the'time of this election in the State of
Tennessee, a republican form of government
such as is required by the Constitution of the
United States to entitle a State to a represent-
ation upon the floor of this House. Without
entering at any great length into this point at
the present time, the substance of my argument
is grounded upon the elective franchise law of
the State of Tennessee, passed in I860.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman yield to
•* me for a moment?
Mr. BROOKS. I beg that the gentleman
will not interrupt me until I state my propo-
sition.
_ Mr. DAWES. If there is to be a lengthy
discussion upon this matter, I suggest to the
gentleman that he give way for a moment and
let one or two gentlemen, to whom there is 110
objection, be snom in. *
Mr. BROOKS. I may as well pursue my
statement of my point to the end. I object
upon the ground that the elective franchise
law of Tennessee, under which these gentlemen
are said to have been elected, disfranchises a
large portion of the white population—a major-
ity of the white population of the State of Ten-
nessee; that these members thus elected under-
that State franchise law of the State of Tennessee
were elected by 55,000 negro votes, 45,000 white
voters only voting, and that there were disfran-
chised in the State of Tennessee in that election
from forty to forty-five thousand white voters;
100,000 voters controlled that election, 55,000
of whom were negroes; 45,000 whites_ being
voted down, and 40,000 white voters disfran-
chised, who could not vote at all under the law
of the State. I object to them upon the ground
that an oligarchy exists and reigns in the State
of Tennessee, and that it is not such a repub-
lican form of government as the Constitu-
tion- prescribes and ordains ; and, therefore, I
object to the swearing in of the whole delega-
tion upon the principles which I have here
I will not at this time consume the atten-
tion of the House by reading the lengthened
law of franchise of the State of Tennessee.
But what I have to say upon that subject is,
that a more oligarchical, monarchical, ex-
clusive, tyrannical law hardly ever exist^l
under any form of government, and does not
now exist in Great Britain or in Prance. That
law, in my judgment, with all due respect to
the Representatives from the State of Ten-
nessee, or to the State of Tennessee—for she
has no Representatives on this floor—that
law is a disgrace to a free form of govern-
ment, a dishonor to civilization, and a repro-
bation of all forms of republican self-govern-
ment.
Without proceeding further upon this" point,
I shall first object to the swearing in of Mr.
Butler, from the first district of Tennessee;
from East Tennessee, I think, he comes—from
the region where Governor Brownlow lives;
and 1 object to him upon many and various
points, which I shall proceed to show as good
grounds for objection, and which I have but
very little doubt will meet with the attention
and consideration of both sides of this House
when the. facts are brought home fully to the
consideration of Republican members, because
almost all of them are on a record in the vote
which they gave last July for the exclusion of
the Kentucky members ; almost all of them
are upon a record which excludes Mr. Butler
irrevocably from being sworn in, upon the
facts which I shall present to the considera-
tion of this House.
I hold in my hand the Journal of the extra
session of the thirty-third General Assembly of
the State of Tennessee, which convened at
Nashville on the first Monday of January, 1801,
upon the special convocation or order of the'
then Governor of the State, Isliam G. Harris,,
the declared and avowed object of which, in the
message, was to separate or segregate the State
ofTennessee from the States of this Union; and
of that Legislature Mr. Butler, who is now
claiming a right to be sworn in here, was a
member.
And before I go further, I shall proceed to
read a portion of his record in that Legislature,
which I shall show to be the record of one
among the mostextreme and violent men among
the seceding members in this State; not out-
done by Isham G. Harris himself, and going as
far and as fully as any man did in the Legisla-
ture to separate the State of Tennessee from
the Union. And I shall proceed to show the
active part which he took in that Legislature
before I proceed to another and more active
part taken by him in the perambulatory legis-
lature, first convened in Nashville by Governor
Harris, and subsequently portable and trans-
ferable,"after the affair of Fort Donelson, to the
city of Memphis, on the Mississippi river. On
page 57 of the House Journal of 1861 of the
extra session of the General Assembly ofTen-
nessee, Mr. Butler offered a "House resolu-
tion, No. 34," as follows:
"Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State
of Tennessee, That our Senators in Congress bo, and
they are hereby, instructed to vote against the con-
firmation of any man to office who indorsed an infa-
mous libel upon the South, known as the Helper book;
and that the Governor is hercbyTequested to forward
a copy of this resolution to each of our Senators in
Congress."
I do not blame Mr. Butler so much for that.
I read it, not so much for the consideration of
this side of the House as for the other side of
the House more particularly.
The second resolution was that—
" The people of Tennessco receive the report of the
appointment of William H. Seward to a position in
the Cabinet of the incoming Administration as fur-
ther evidence of hostility to the institutions-of the
South; and if the policy he has advocated in all his
speeches upon the subject of domestic slavery shall
be inaugurated with said Administration, the South
has but little hope of a settlement of existing diffi-
culties between her and the North."
The objection he^e is to -Mr. Seward as a
member of the incoming Lincoln administra-
tion, upon the ground of his hostility to the
South. I do not blame Mr. Butler very much
for that. This is not'the point of my accusa-
tion. At that time I was equally opposed to
the incoming of Mr. Seward into the Adminis-
tration. In the matter of the Helper book,
and as to the question of the fitness of Mr.
Seward as a member of the then incoming
Administration, we agreed in sentiment. I do
not, therefore, mention those as'points against
the admission of Mr. Butler as a member of
this House.
Thegreat object of that Legislature was, as
I have said, to o?dain or order a convention
in the State of Tennessee, which convention,
should, under the doctrine of secession, take
the State of Tennessee, as was contended, con-
stitutionally out of the Union. A resolution
was offered by Mr. Jones that "the action of
the convention shall be submitted to the peo-.
pie, upon reasonable notice, for ratification or
rejection, and shall be of no binding force
unless it is adopted and ratified by a majority
of the qualified voters of the people of Ten-
nessee;" and upon the final vote on that sub-
ject Mr. Butler voted with the seceders to create
a convention, to ordain it by law, tQ make it,
as was then contended, a legitimate and con-
stitutional convention. Upon the final vote
taken on that' subject, the strongest sort of a
resolution for the creation of a convention,
whose action wa's to be submitted to the people,
was adopted by a vote of sixty-eight ayes and
110 noes; and the bill for the holding of a con-
vention was then ordered to be transferred to
the Senate, Mr. Butler voting in the affirma-
tive.
Another resolution, No. 44, introduced in
.that Legislature by Mr. Farrelly, provided that
"His Excellency the Governor be, and he
is hereby, authorized and requested to make
inquiry of the •different banks of the State
whether or not they are willing to loan the
State money in the present crisis of affairs,"
and if so, how much and upon what terms."
On that resolution the vote was 47 yeas to 19
nays, Mr. Butler voting in the affirmative.
Sir. Pickett submitted resolution No. 51,
011 the subject of Federal relations—a long
series of resolutions, too long to read, but the
purport of which can easily be imagined when
I describe them as of the worst kind of the
resolutions which were at that time introduced
into the "secesh" legislatures of the southern
States. The resolution to which I particularly
call the attention of the House is that which
was offered by Mr. Jones as an amendment,
and which was carried, that—
" Should a plan of adjustment satisfactory to the
South not be acceded to by the requisite number of
States, to perfect amendments to the constitution,
it is the opinion of the General Assembly that the
slaveliolding States should adopt for themselves the
Constitution of the United States, with such amend-
ments as may be satisfactory to the slaveholding
States; aud that they should invite into a union
with them all States of the North which are willing
to abide such amended constitution and frame of
government; severing at once and forever all con-
nections with States refusing such reasonable guar-
antees £0 our future safety."
The vote on the adoption of that resolution
was—yeas 42, nays 23; Mr. Butler being re-
corded in the affirmative.
In the same volume I find another long series
