1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
rm
of resolutions of the same sort, introduced by
Mr. Gantt, from th'e joint committee on Fed-
eral relations. The concluding resolution of
the series I will read:
"Resolved, That should a plan of adjustment satis-
factory to the South not I/C-; acceded to by the requi-
site number of States to perfect amendments to the
Constitution of the United States, it is theopinion of
this General Assembly that the slaveholding States
should adopt for themselves the Constitution of the
United States, with such amendments as may be sat-
isfactory to the slaveholding States: and that they
should invite into a union with them all States of the
North which are willing to abide such amended con-
stitution and frame of government, severing at once
all connection with States refusing such reasonable
guarantees to our future safety; such renewed con-
ditions of fed oral union being firstsubmitted forratifi-
cation to conventions of all the States respectively."
This resolution received the vote of Mr. But-
ler. There are other points in this book, all
going to demonstrate"as forcibly, or more for-
cibly than what I have read, that at all times
and on all occasions, without any exception
whatsoever, Mr. Butler voted against the Union
members of the Legislature of Tennessee, and
with the leading "secesh" members of that
body.
Secession was ordained, and that ordinance
of secession I have before me, but I will not
consume the time of the House by having it
read. It was adopted May 7, 1861, and rati-
fied June 8, 1861. It was an ordinance of
secession professing to take the State of Ten-
nessee out of the Union, and declaring that it
thereafter formed an independent State—one
of the confederate States of America.
The record of Mr. Butler up to this moment
may be defensible by those who sustain him
here, if any are so disposed, on the ground
that prior to the ordinance of secession he had
the right to his own opinions; the right to
declare them and to vote accordingly. But,
sir, if 1 should stop here I should fail to present
his complete record, and 1 now proceed to go
further to other documents which I have here
before me, but not in printed and authentic
form, such as those obtained from legitimate
authorities ; the records of that State after the
ordinance of secession not being in the posses-
sion of>#ny government or authority of which
I am aware, if they have not already been
destroyed. Of the '• secesh" legislature held in
Tennessee after this ordinance took that State
out of this Union, Mr. Butler, of East Tennes-
see, became a prominent and active member ;
and I have in my hands a variety of motions in
which he took an active part, and when they
are fully presented to the consideration of the
other side of the House they will bind gentle-
men to their mischievous precedent established
in this House in the case of the member-elect
from-the State of Kentucky in July last, and
compel them to refuse to Mr. Butler the right
to take the oath and become a member of this
body.
I have before me, Mr. Speaker, the record
of Mr. Butler's votes in the " secesh" legisla-
ture of the confederate State of Tennessee.
I have here where he moved an amendment
and voted to amend a bill authorizing the
authorities of the confederate State of Tennes-
see to confiscate and sequestrate all northern
debts due from people in Tennessee to people
in the North, and to sequestrate all northern
property held in Tennessee belonging to any
citizen of the North. That bill of confiscation
and sequestration not only proceeds to confis-
cate and sequestrate northern property, but also
declares citizens of the North to be aliens, and
entitled to no more rights than aliens from
Great Britain, aliens from France, or aliens
from Austria or Turkey. And when the ambu-
latory or ambulance "secesh" legislature of
the confederate State of Tennessee was threat-
ened by the irruption of our army after the suc-
cess at Fort Donelson—■when it was threatened
at Nashville, Mr. Butler, among others of that
ambulatory legislature, decamped from th$t city
and established the headquarters of that legis-
lature in the city of Memphis. Among other
measures adopted in the city of Memphis for
which Mr. Butler voted was one for taking
care if the invalid soldiers of the South ; pro-
40TIIOONO. ISTSESS. -NO. I'J.
viding the ways and means for supporting also
the families which were left behind. This
may have been charity, but it was a charity
showing his heart as well as his votes at that
time to be with the southern confederacy.
But, sir, the point to which I wish now par-
ticularly to call attention was a motion for
removing the incorporated banks of the State
of Tennessee from within the Union dominion,
from those portions of the State which ha^l
been taken possession of after the victory of
Fort Donelson, to those portions not in the
occupation of our army. And a vote of Ms is
on record in the "secesh" legislature indors-
ing that motion, aad threatening those banks
with a deprivation of their corporate rights if
tRey did not change their places of business to
within the confederate or "secesh" dominion
in the State of Tennessee. No more important
vote than that could be given; for next to the
sword of the South was the purse of the South,
if indeed the purse was not the most important.
By that act of Mr. Butler he voted to take ten
million dollars from the then conquered por-
tion of Tennessee and to transfer that capital
to the confederate government of Tennessee.
His vote is on the record. And if this were
not enough, he is on the record to give the use
of the Tennessee hall of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the electors for president and
vice president who elected Jeff. Davis to be
president of the confederate States.
He is also on record as voting to pay for the
cavalry horses of the confederate govern-
ment. He is also on record, in the eighty-ninth
resolution of the "secesh" convention, as de-
claring that no compromise whatsoever should
be made with the northern United States of
America, except with the express condition
that the confederate States should be recog-
nized as sovereign, independent States of this
Union. The eighty-sixth resolution of this con-
vention, then assembled at Memphis, was to
seize all United States property to pay for rebel
services during the war, and Mr. Butler is on
record as voting for that. He is also on record
to build a railroad from Cleveland, Tennessee,
under the authority of the confederate govern-
ment, as a great military necessity of the con-
federate States of the South.
I might, I presume, stop here, but I hold in
my hand some resolutions upon which Mr.
Butler voted in the "secesh" legislature, which
I will proceed to read, and to which I ask the
particular attention of all sides of the House.
Mr. Jones offered the following resolutions in
the "secesh" house of assembly:
" Resolved, That it is the sense of this general as-
sembly that the separation of those States now form-
ing the confederate States of America from the United
States is, and ought to be final, perpetual, and irre-
vocable; and that Tennessee will, under no circum-
stances, entertain any proposition from any quarter
which may have for its object a restoration or recon-
struction of the late Union on any terms or conditions
whatever.
" jResolved, That the war which the United States
are waging upon the confederate States should be
prosecuted on our part with the utmost vigor and
energy, until our independence and nationality are
unconditionally acknowledged by the United States.
' Resolved, That Tennessee pledges herself to her
sieter States of the confederacy that she will stand
by them throughout the.struggle; that she will con-
tribute all the moans which her resources will supply,
so far as the same may be necessary, to the support
of the common cause, and will not consent to lay
down arms until peace is established on the basis of
tho foregoing resolutions."
These resolutions were carried—ayes 41,
noes 19; and among the 41 ayes is the name
of Mr. Butler, now claiming to be a Represent-
ative on the floor of this House from the State
of Tennessee.
I take it for granted that after I have pre-
sented these and some other facts I shall have
the support of the whole Republican side of
the House; for I hold in my hand the report
of the debate which took place in this body in
July last upon the question of the admission
of Kentucky members on the floor, against one
or two of whom charges were brought not half
so grave as against this claimant Butler ; and
yet every member, except one, I believe on
that side of the House refused the swearing in
of the members from Kentucky. As this is a
forgetful age—all of us are liable to forget—I
ask the attention of some members on the other
side of the House to some remarks which they
made on the subject of the admission of the
Kentucky members.
After the Speaker had decided upon a mo-
tion of order, made by the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge,] that it was right
to arrest the swearing in of those members
before they were permitted to take their seats,
in order to refer their case to the Committee
of Elections, the honorable gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] whose vote I am sure
of having, presented a resolution which finally
passed the House, and on that occasion he
spoke as follows:
" Mr. Speaker, in presenting this resolution to tho
House I do not do so with a view of striking at any
particular member of Congress claiming to be elected
from the State of Kentucky; but I do it for tha pur-
pose of establishing a precedent in this House, which
shall he placed upon higher motives than that of
excluding any individual from a seat here. I ask
that all tho member=-elect from the State of Ken-
tucky shall bo excluded from tho privilege of taking
the oath until an examination shall bo had before
the Committee of Elections. Whydoldoso? Sir,
it is upon the ground that this House should not be
contaminated, or allow itself at any time to be so,
by the introduction of any man into its Halls as a
Representative of the people of any district in the
United States who has. during the rebellion, partici-
pated in any way whatever in it." * * * *
"If Kentucky can send members to this House
under these circumstances, and in spite of objection
or protest, they may be sworn in as members under
the rules and authority of this House. I ask any
man to tell me why South Carolina may not do the
same thing under the advice of the head of this Gov-
ernment? If the State of Kentucky, or Maryland,
or Illinois, which I have the honor in part to repre-
sent, were to hold an election of members of Con-
gress, and were to send members here who were
known to the country as rebels, it would be our duty
to inquire into their status." *****
"IMow, sir, there is no use in our being so thin-
skinned about these questions. Some gentlemen
say: 'Oh, it would not be right to keep these men out;
we have had some of them in before.' We should
not be afraid to look the question in the face. The
question is. What aie you going to do hereafter?
What are you going to do when some other State
sends you up a whole delegation of such men? Are
you going to swear each one iu when there is no pro-
test against his election ? If you do. tell me whether
or not Alex. Stephens, or any of those men, might not
enter these Halls and take the oath ? They can do
so, and th e only true course, in my j udgment, is when
a delegation comes from a Stato^ whose loyalty is
questionable, whether it has been in the rebellion or
not, to examine the whole delegation, and admit such
men asare loyal, and send such as are disloyal back to
their constituents, and tell their constituents to sond
you a different class of men."
Mr. LOGAN. As the gentleman is reading
my remarks, I ask if he will allow me to make
a suggestion to him?
Mr. BROOKS. I must decline if it would
come out of my time.
The SPEAKER. That would require unan
imous consent.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman can obtain
the floor at any time.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not wish to discuss the
question. I only desire to call the gentleman's
attention to the resolution which the House
passed.
Mr. BROOKS. I must decline to yield, and
I do it upon the ground that the gentleman
will certainly be able to obtain the floor after
I have closed what I have to say; he has the
right to it; and now I call attention to the
remarks of another honorable gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Ixgersoll.] He said:
"You have heard read the charges and specifica-
tions and the affidavits in support of them. A prima
facie case has at least been made out against them.
I trust this is not assuming too much, for I would not
knowingly do an act of injustice to them."
He continued:
"I am insisting that Congress has the right to ex-
chidedisloyalmen; men who engaged in therebellion;
men who committed treason against thisOovernment.
I care not whether the man comes from Kentucky or
from.any other State; the principle is the same."
"Now, sir," continues Mr. IxGi:its0ll, "I say for
one, and I do not, profess to speak for any one but
myself, that if Samuel McKee, a loyal man, had
received but one loyal vote, and assuming, winch I
do not say is the fact, that Mr. Young received lo.OOO
disloyal votes, he himself having been guilty of giv-
ing aid and encouragement to the rebellion, I for una
should vote against the admission of Mr. \uung, and
for the admission of Mr. MeKeo with hut one loyal
vote behind him."
The gontleman from Ohio [Mr. Sohexck]
