770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
November 21,
indulged in the same tone_ of remark. He
said:
" Sir, I presentthe practical question to this House,
that here (3 :.l primafacic ease made out. The House is
not asked to declare that John D. Young is not
entitled to a seat here, but it is asked to declare upoa
this showing that he shall not be permitted now to
take the oath, but shall stand back until some
inquiry shall be made into the truthfulness of these
allegations, and a report made to the House upon
which it can understanding^ determine the ques-
tion ultimately and finally."
He further continues:
"If there be within the general knowledge of the
House, to its satisfaction, proof that the election in
any particular district of country or in any particu-
lar Stato has been so conducted that the voice of the
people has in all probability not been heard there,
or their will perverted, or their choice been made
distinctly, it is in the power of this House to pause
at the very threshold and direct that an investigation
be made, in order to satisfy the House with regard to
any Representative claiming1 to come from such
locality, district, or State."
Mr. Logan subsequently reiterated like
remarks at very considerable length, and in as
strong a manner as those I have read.
A gentleman from Massachusetts, whom I
was surprised to see take that position upon
that occasion, [Mr. Boutwell,] said:
" I think we are justified in taking this po sition:
that when a member rises in his place and states as
of his own knowledge, or upon information worthy
of belief, that a person presenting himself here for a
seat in this House is or has been substantially a
traitor to this Government, we have a right to de-
cline to allow that person to take the oath until that
matter has been investigated and he has boon re-
lieved from tho charge." * * * * But
when it is alleged upon tho authority of a member
of this House, or upon an affidavit presented and
read by a member of the House, or by its Clerk, th.it
a person presenting himself here for a seat is a trai-
tor. of course we must refuse to allow him to take the
oath until he is purged from that charge. It is upon
that rule that I must vote upon the questions as they
are presented."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I think I have made out
that the State of Tennessee has not a repub-
lican form of government, that is, fhat .no sys-
tem of self-government such as we recognize
exists in the State of Tennessee; and I am
sure that I have made out against Mr. Butler
not only a prima facie case, but a case, quod
erat demonstrandum. This record is impossi-
ble to be got over by any discussion in this
House. And I am further sure that upon the
precedent established in the July session of
this House, I have every Republican member
of the House, by the record, by the debate, by
solemn declarations'and arguments, every one
of them, committed not only to the ejection
hereafter of this Mr. Butler from the floor of
this House, but to a refusal to allow him to be
sworn in here by the Speaker of the House if
lie dares to appear in that area and take the
solemn oath which tho law of this country
prescribes—if he dares to take it after the ex-
position I have made, and subject himself to
the penalties of the crime of perjury to which
the taking of that oath would doom him.
I will now refer to the member-eleet from
the fourth district of tho State of Tennessee,
Mr. Mullins, who I believe comes from the
central part of the State. I object to him. not
upon grounds so strong as I have objected to
the admission of Mr. Butler; but I object to
him upon the ground that he gave aid and com-
fort to the rebellion; made speeches in behalf
of the rebellion, lent it aid and support, and
assisted to raise troops for that rebellion. In
the year 1861 he made a speech in Bedford
county, Tennessee, at aplace'known as Moore's
Springs, near Shelbyville, for the purpose of
urging the young men there to join a rebel
company to be raised there. In the speech re-
ferred to, Colonel Mullins said that he wanted
to see all the young men go out and fight for
their homes and firesides; that he was old and
not able to do much'fighting; that he would
remain at home and make meat and bread for
those to live on who did fight; and whenever
it became essential he would himself go into
the rebel army. The speech was entirely a
rebel speech.
I hold in my hand authority for these dec-
larations, and if this authority is denied here-
after, I shall proceed to submit it in a more
aubstantative and official form than I have
named here.
In the fourth district of Tennessee, where
lived some eight thousand of the twenty-two
thousand white voters who organized the State
of Tennessee after the rebellion, Governor
Brownlow, under this wicked registry act, in
order to elect a man of his own school, and to
prevent the election by the conservative vot-
ers of that district, threw out four counties,
containing five thousand registered voters, the
counties of Coffin, Franklin, Lincoln, and
Giles. In those counties, where, I say, lived
eight thousand of the twenty-two thousand
voters who organized the State of Tennessee,
five thousand of those white voters were throwji
out by the proclamation of the Governor of
Tennessee; doing away with the whole regis-
try of these counties. He disfranchised them
all by an arbitrary edict of power; and if Mr.
Mullins could be maintained in his seat other-
wise, this declaration is sufficient here to show
that republican self-government does not now
and did not exist, in at least the fourth dis-
trict of Tennessee.
I have also objections to urge to the admis-
sion of Mr. Arnell, of the sixth district of
Tennessee. During the war he was estab-
lished in the county of Lawrence, Tennessee,
where he lives, and had a tannery which, dur-
ing no inconsiderable portion of the war, was
devoted to the manufacture of shoes. He
declared he was unable to supply his neigh-
bors with shoes, because, such were the requi-
sitions of the rebel authorities upon him, that
before he could supply the women and chil-
dren of his neighborhood with shoes he must j
supply this foundation and understanding of
the rebel army.
I also object to the admission of Mr. Trim-
ble, from the fifth district of Tennessee, who,
I am informed—I have not the authentic in-
formation in his case that I have in the others—■
because when the ordinance of secession was
submitted to the people of Tennessee, in 1881,
if he voted at all, as many believe he did vote,
he voted to take Tennessee out of the Union.
Mr. Trimble says that is not true; I was
about to state, when he said so, that if he
would rise upon this ftoor and say that it was
not so, I would say no more—but as he has no
right to say it to the House he whispers it to
me, and I say to the House for him, that he
did not vote at that time. I withdraw my ob-
jection, then, to Mr. Trimble, because I have
no authentic testimony; none except a mere
verbal report, which is not enough for me to
make charges respecting him upon the floor
of this House.
I now yield the rest of my time to the hon-
orable gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eld-
ridge.] But before I yield I wish to intro-
duce some resolutions, which I will put in
form.
Tho SPEAKER. The Chair would state
that a mere objection to the swearing in of a
gentleman will not arrest the administration
of the oath ; but it will require some action of
the House.
Mr. BROOKS. I will propose two resolu-
tions, one against the admission of all the
members; the other, that the certificates of
Messrs. Butler, Stokes, and Arnell, previous
to their being sworn in, be referred to the
Committee of Elections.
Mr. DAWES. I shall call for a division of
the^ question upon the resolutions of ivhich
notice has been given by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Bp.ooks.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I do not
intend to make but a single remark. I was
apprehensive at the last session that the prece-
dent which gentlemen were establishing in the
case of Kentucky would come back at some
not distant day to torment its inventors; and
as I have objected to Mr. Stokes being sworn
in as a member of this House, and have moved
that his credentials be referred to the Commit-
tee of Elections, I now ask to place before the
House the ground of my objection.
On the 27th of July, 1866, Mr. Stokes was
making a speech in this House, when I asked
sf him the privilege of introducing and having
mast
of him the privilege of introducing :
read at the Clerk's desk a letter purporting to
have been written by him. That letter was
read, as follows:
Liberty, May 10,1861.
DeakSik: I have just learned from a friend that
there is some gross misrepresentations going tho
rounds in your section in regard to my position in
this trying crisis, and for the benefit of yourself and
others I write this.
I have been a zealous advocate of the Union up to
the time of Lincoln's call for seventy-five thousand
troops; that being in violation of law, and for the
subjugation of the South. I commend Governor
Harris for ais course, and for arming the State and
resisting Lincoln to tho point of tho bayonet, and
have enrolled mv name as a volunteer to resist his
usurpation. I have, in Congress and out, opposed
coercion and ali forced measures, believing that it
was better to recognize the independence of tho
"southern confederacy" than to attempt to coerce
them back.
I have always opposed secession, but claim the
right of revolution, and the right to resist tho op-
pression of the Federal Government, and to throw
off their allegiance to the same when that oppression
becomes intolerable. That time has now come. I
have been, and am now, tor standing by the border
slave States, for they are to be tho great sufferers
during tho conflict. I am opposed to being tacked
on to the southern confederacy at present, (except as
a military league.) But when peace is restored, if
the two nations cannot live in peace,_ let ali the_fif-
teen slave States elect delegates, meet in convention,
frame their constitution, and submit it to the people
for their ratification.
The South ought to be a unit during the war, by all
means. I had announced myself as a candidate for
reelection, but on seeing Lincoln's proclamation for
troops abandoned the canvass at once, and I am no
candidate. I claim to have done my duty in trying
to heal our difficulties and restore peace. That hav-
ing failed. I shall now march forward in the discharge
of my duty in resisting Lincoln, regardless of false
charges, or what not. by those who are trying to put
me down. Time will tell where wo all stand, and
who have been faithful.
Hoping to hear from you soon, I remain yours
truly- WILLIAM B. STOKES.
Mr. John Duncan, McMinnville, Tennessee.
When this letter was read, I inquired of Mr.
Stokes, who was then addressing the House,
whether it was a genuine letter written by him.
His answer was Yes, sir, it is." Upon this
letter, therefore, I have made the objection to
the swearing in of Mr. Stokes, and have moved
that his credentials, with this letter, be referred
to the Committee of Elections, and the gentle-
man on the other side will now have the oppor-
tunity of following the precedent of the Ken-
tucky case.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I do not rise
for (he purpose of discussing this question at
length, but merely to call the attention of the
House to the precedent referred to by the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks.] It is
not the fact, as stated by the gentleman, that
this House decided that on a charge made by a
member against a whole delegation the creden-
tials of that delegation should be referred to
the Committee of Elections. I introduced a
resohnion embracing such a proposition, and
in support of it made the remarks which have
been read by the gentleman from New York.
But the House decided against that resolution,
and I was obliged to amend itso thatthe charges
should bo made against the individual mem-
bers implicated, and not against the delegation.
In that way the credentials of the individuals
against whom charges were made were referred
to the committee, not the credentials of the
whole delegation. That was the precedent es-
tablished by the House. The present resolu-
tion is directed against the admission of a whole
delegation. So far as regards many of the
members-elect from the State of Tennessee, no
charges have been made by any gentleman
upon his own responsibility—no charges the
truth of which he asseverates—no charges sus-
tained by the evidence of any man whose name
has been given to this House. So far as regards
the charges against Mr. Butler, and perhaps
one other member-elect, if those charges be true,
I have only to say that I am glad to see that
side of the House coming up to the mark, be-
cause in future there may be some use for their
help here when other parties come here apply-
ing for admission as members. I myself would
not vote to permit Mr. Butler to be sworn in
and to take a seat as a member of this House,
