772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
November 21,
Mr. Speaker npon the merits of the case. I
never heard of this case before. I only hear
of it in the House at this time, and it may
be as my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kel-
ley] says, that this man is as truly loyal as I
am, or as the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] is. But I am not going to put my-
self with the gentleman from New York, with
one set of opinions and votes for one side of
the House and another set of opinions and
votes for the other side of the House. With
the same charge presented against a gentle-
man who claims to be on one side of the
House as is presented against a man who
comes here belonging to the other side of the
House, I leave it to the gentleman from New-
York to divide his vote and his duty and his
conscience; I treat them both in the same
way. When a charge is made here in this
House by a regular member of the House,
upon his responsibility, that he has reason to
believe, and he produces the evidence upon
wliich that belief is founded, which upon its
face appears to be good and valid, that a
gentleman who presents his credentials here
i? disloyal, I think it is due to him, due to the
House, and due to the country, that his case
be investigated by a committee.
If it shall turn out that political antagonism
or malignity or inconsistency has prompted
such a charge as this, it is in the care and in
the power of this House to deal with any such
charge and the author of it as they think is due
to the character of the gentleman maligned,
upon the investigation of a committee or other-
wise, as they see fit. If any member of this
House, without ground, should make such a
charge against a member-elect and cause his
credentials to be referred to a committee with-
out any reasonable foundation for excluding
him until that investigation, it would, in my
mind, be sufficient ground for a vote of cen-
sure, if not expulsion from the House.
I trust, therefore, that we shall take the gen-
tleman from New York at his word, assume
that he is consistent in making this charge, and
that he will vote for his resolution himself; but
whether he votes for it himself or not, let us,
upon the strength of the charge, refer this case
and have it investigated. I yield now to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Chaxlek.]
Mr. Ciianlkii took the floor.
Mr. BROOKS. Will my colleague yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. CHANLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAWKS. I yield to the gentleman on
my left, [Mr. Ciiani.er.]
Mr. BROOKS. And my colleague yields
to mo a moment. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts object? Does he fire a charge
at me and then receive none back?
Mr. DAWES. ' No, sir.
Mr. BROOKS. I only want to say that you
expelled me once, and if you try it again I will
come back by ten thousand majority.
Mr. CHANLER. My objcct in rising is not
to take part in the exceedingly personal dis-
cussion to which this debate is tending. Either
this is a question of privilege worthy the con-
sideration of the House at this time, or it is not
worthy a moment's waste of the time of the
House.
_ The chairman of the Committee of Elec-
tions, in order to save Mr. Stokes from the
same fate to which he would consign Mr. But-
ler, throws Mr. Butler into the arena for the
wild beasts to tear him to pieces. He reminds
us of that apostle who had to fight the beasts
at Ephesus; and with regard to his allusion to
light, a great light has fallen across the paths
of a great many of the erring saints in that
church, and that light has been exactly from
the region frorn which my colleague from New
"S ork brings this effort to force you, by coin-
milting you to the inconsistency of your pre-
vious course, to show your repentance, and in
sack-cloth and ashes to recognize the great
democratic principle, that when the people of
Tennessee or Kentucky or Connecticut or any
other State send you, in their sovereign capa-
city, a man duly elected under the laws of the
States, you dare not refuse him his position
among you.
It is because for partisan purposes, in the
last session, you defeated this great democratic
principle that my colleague [Mr. Brooks] and
my friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Bldkidge]
have brought you to the stand as witnesses
against yourselves. And the subtle, special
manoeuvre of 'the chairman of the committee,
[Mr. Dawe's,] by which the resolution of my
friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridce] is
ignored, is adroit, but certainly it does not
show that his repentance is worth much. He
will improve. I think that he has had an
opportunity of studying the divine light, .that
principle of vox populi vox Dei (which has been
so consistently ignored on that side of the
House) in the recent electionsin his own State,
and it is to be hoped he will accept the truth ;
it is to be hoped that that whole side of the
House, which will decide upon this case, will
recognize the great uprising of the people,
irrespective of party, throughout this country.
The democratic party does not claim this as
their victory, but as your defeat.
Accept the shining light, 0 Saul, or die in
the darkness of the politically damned. Your
time has come; and not being fallen angels,
although you have followed your aa-ch-fiend
through many a dreary toil of battle and dis-
grace, remember that you are men, and that
you have a hope of salvation, and not utter
damnation. Take the light when you can get
it; but do not attempt, when stultified by your
past action before the country, when rebuked
by the voice of the people throughout the
land—do not attempt to throw upon my'col-
leagues on this side of the House the weight
and responsibility which rest upon you and
you alone, for you and your votes will decide
who shall be admitted on this floor and who
shall be rejected. I hope that not only the
Saul of Tarsus, but the Saul of Massachusetts
will accept the benign influence of the popular
will, and read the Constitution by this holy
light, which is spreading itsetWrom California
to Maine. I hope that you all may see wherein
your rights consist, and wherein you have
transgressed before.
Read us no lessons from Scripture, in God's
name. Yon have denied the principles of truth
in the Constitution ; you have ministered the
Gospel so as to carry out your fanatical politi-
cal schemes; you have trodden upon every
right human and divine, that you might elect
here men who at the opening of the rebellion
were against you; who are covered with all the
sins of the rebellion; who practiced all the
infamy which you charge daily npon those who
will not vote with you. And yet if they will
come in and accept your conditions and sus-
tain your partisan organization, though they
may be steeped in the deepest dye of rebellion
and political apostacy, they are marked white
by the simple process of an oath taken here
that they have not done that which their lives
and history prove they have done. But if it
comes from this side, the speck may be so
slight that even the microscopic power of the
chairman of the Committee of Elections [Mr.
Dawes] cannot see it; yet they are ruled out
by the decision of the majority.
I oppose these exceptional cases. The peo-
ple should be permitted to understand that
when they vote they elect their representatives
here, and not be given to understand that from
this day .forth this House of Representatives
shall be limited in number, except the men
sent here shall vote with you, and belong to
your political clique. Make that declaration
like men; take the position boldly, and go to
the people upon it, and see how many of you
will return and -rejoice in your system. But
try this clandestine stab at the system of rep-
resentation, allowing the people to vote, allow-
ing their representative to come here, and
offering him the test of a solemn oath, and
when he is obliged to take it upon his con-
science, you then vote him out as a traitor if
he goes against you, or vote him in, though he
he a traitor, if he so with you. Let that
course continue. Let the people understand
that that is the principle -of that form of
"republican government'' which is to be given
to Maryland under the demand of one of the
members of the Judiciary Committee. Let it
be understood that such is what you claim
to be the " republican" principle of govern-
ment, and that light which the Saul on the
other side has not yet seen, but which it is
asserted the Saul on this side has seen, will
shine to your utter blindness; and the let-
ting down of a sheet, with all sorts of things
to feed you in your blindness and misery, will
be the benign result of your own course.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Chanler] neednottake any alarm.
I do not propose to waste any lessons of Scrip-
ture upon him, for I do not desire to hurt his
feelings at all. [Laughter.]
Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Marshall.]
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I propose
to occupy but a minute or two upon this ques-
tion. I have ever felt, sir, that in acting upon
questions of this character, touching the right
of any gentleman to a seat upon this floor,
every member ought to consider himself in the
character of a judge, not of a partisan; and it
is for the purpose of explaining very briefly the
grounds on which I shall base my action upon
the questions now presented that I have sought
the floor.
What is the law of this House npon questions
of this character, as established at a former day
upon the application of certain gentlemen from
the State of Kentucky to be sworn in as mem-
bers of this House? We have a law requiring
absolutely that every member before taking his
seat shall swear, among other things, that he
has at no time given countenance, aid, or en-
couragement to those who have been engaged
in armed hostility to the Government of the
United States.
The action of this House in the case of the
Kentucky members established, if it estab-
lished anything, that the oath prescribed by
that law is not a mere appeal to the conscience
of the person applying for a seat, but that it
superadds a new and additional qualification;
and that while the provisions of that test-oatn
continue in force, any person who has at any
time given countenance, aid, or encourage-
ment in any way to those engaged in armed
hostility against the Government of the United
States is absolutely disqualified from holding
a seat upon this floor. It means that, or it
means nothing but mere blind partisanship;
and I will not do the majority upon the other
side of the House the injustice of taking it for
granted that, upon a high and solemn question
touching the right of an entire delegation to
admission upon this floor, they cast their Votes
under the influence of mere blind partisan feel-
ing. It is to be presumed that they intended
to establish some rule as the law of the House
in regard to the right of persons applying for
seats here who have, at any time and under
any circumstances, given aid, countenance, or
encouragement to those engaged in a war
against the Government.
The precedent established is misstated by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,]
doubtless through misapprehension. There
was nothing in any of the charges against the
delegation from Kentucky tending to show that
they were at that time, or had been recently,
guilty of any act showing hostility to the Gov-
ernment of the United States. In the ease of
one of the members who was excluded upon
the report of the chairman of the Committee
of Elections the only evidence was an unsworn
statement from some obscure individual—a
statement contained in a letter to Mr. McKee,
that the writer thought certain facts tending to
show hostility to the Government at the com-
mencement of the war could be proved against
said member. Yet upon that statement, and
that alone, my colleague [Mr. Logaj;] intro-
duced a resolution proposing that this member-
elect and all the others from the State, with one
exception, should be excluded from their seuis
