1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
778
and not permitted to take the oath of office
until the case had been investigated by the
CommiSFee of Elections; and these gentlemen
remain out of their seats up to this time; not,
I repeat, upon any charge that any of that del-
egation were at that time engaged in any act
of hostility to the Government, for there was
no.organized opposition to the Government of
the United States at that time anywhere within
the broad area of our country. It was simply
upon the ground that this test-oath superadds
a new and additional qualification, and that
the House has the right to inquire whether the
applicant in any particular case can conscien-
tiously take the oath; and if in the judgment
of the House he cannot, the House decided
that, although he is willing to take it, he is
absolutely disqualified for membership so long
as that test-oath stands upon the statute-book.
If this is not the rule established in the Ken-
tucky cases, I wish to be informed what is and
was the purpose of the majority on that occa-
sion. I insist that no other rule can possibly
be eliminated from that precedent.
I need not say that I disapproved of the
action of the House at that time ; but that
precedent having been established, it is the
law of this House, until this body takes the
back track and establishes some new and dif-
ferent law ; and it is not within the province
of gentlemen on that side to decide otliei'wise
at this time without frankly and honestly
admitting that they have established a law by
which they cannot stand, and that they ought
to recede from it. When the majority of this
House shall place their action upon that
ground, I will, for that purpose, gladly vote
and cooperate with them; for I do not believe
that the precedent which has been established
is a correct one, or that it can be maintained
by an appeal to the Constitution, or any sound
principle of policy. It has been well estab-
lished by the authority of Story and Kent, and
other commentators on [the Constitution, and
also by the action of both the>«Senate and the
House of Representatives in numerous adju-
dicated cases, coming down to the accession
of the present dominant party to power, that
the qualifications prescribed in the Constitu-
tion are the only ones that can rightfully be
required or imposed : that they are complete
in themselves, and that no others can be
superseded without an infringement or an
amendment of the existing Constitution. No
question of constitutional law is better settled
than this, or on more irrefragable reasoning
and authority. Such being my convictions, it
is of course impossible for me to sanction or
approve of the precedent established by this
House in July last.
This qualification, prescribed by the Federal
Constitution, and which of itself excludes all
others, is the one to which this House ought
most unquestionably to conform. But as the
majority here have established a law for their
own action, to be applied to political oppo-
nents, they owe it to themselves and to com-
mon decency to apply the same rule to their
political adherents. That rule is, in the lan-
guage of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mi Boftweli.] in the discussion of the case
of the Kentucky members, when any member
upon his own authority, or upon information
he believes to be correct, charges that any
gentleman applying for admission to a seat
upon this floor had at any time been guilty of
giving aid or encouragement to those engaged
in the war against the Government of the United
States, the case should be referred (without
permitting the applicant to be sworn in) to
(In: Committee of Elections to inquire into the
fact, and if such charge bo found to be sus-
tained, he shall be absolutely disqualified from
takin' his seat as a member of the House.
Now,"applying that test to the honorable gen-
tleman from Tennessee, Mr. Stokes, who held
a .-.eat in the last Congress 
Mr. DAWES. Take them one at a time.
Mr. MARSHALL. 1 do not deny that dur-
ing the rebellion, and subsequent to the writ-
ing of that Duncan letter, he did enter the
B ederal service and perform his duty well in
the Federal Army. But that does not affect
the question here presented. .Can he con-
scientiously take the oath? Can he swear that
he never, at any time, gave aid, countenance,
or support to the armed rebels of the United I
States? He cannot so swear, for that letter '
would give the lie itself to any such oath. It
is utterly impossible for him to do so, and it
is clearly the duty of the House to step in as
they did in the case of the Kentucky members,
if the majority do not intend to abandon the
precedent made in that case, and inquire into
the fact whether this letter, admitted to be gen-
uine, is not utterly inconsistent with the oath
to be taken by every member.
So, sir, in the case of Mr. Butler. If the
facts read from the Journal of the House of
which he was a member are true, it is utterly
impossible for him to take that oath without
violating one of its most fmportant clauses. If
the House thinks it proper to step in to pro-
tect the consciences of the members from Ken-
tucky, (rebel members, as they were called by
honorable gentlemen here,) I ask whether it
is not equally right to step in to protect the
consciences of these good, super-loyal breth-
ren from Tennessee.
Another observation and I have done. The
whole State government of Tennessee as at
present organized and administered is a dis-
grace to the American nation and to the civ-
ilization of the age. What ought to be the
action of the House in regard to the entire del-
egation claiming to represent that State here I
will not undertake to argue; but, sir, it is a
notorious fact, and can be proved, if necessary,
that Union soldiers, men who fought in the
Union Army in Tennessee during the entire
war, have been excluded and driven from the
polls and not permitted to vote under the
Brownlow usurpation because they would not
put their hands upon their mouths and their
mouths in the dust, and bow their knees sup-
pliantly to the negro government established
there and which lords it over the white freemen
of that once noble and illustrious State. For
that, and that alone, Union soldiers all over the
State, I charge it here, and it can be proved if
the House will order an investigation, have
been driven or excluded from the polls simply
and solely because they would not crook the
pregnauthinges of the knee to the negro and
the negro-worshiping oligarchy in that most
outrageously misgoverned of all States in the
civilized world.
I repeat, Mr. Speaker, that as a certain rule
has been applied in the case of your political
opponents, this House owes it to its own chur-
actcr, to its standing in the eyes of the civilized
world, to common justice, and even common'
decency, to apply the same rule in all cases and
especially to your political friends, until the
rule is abrogated or abandoned.
Mr. Speaker, I shall only add to the remarks
already made that as the Kentucky delegation
are most wrongfully kept out of their seats,
upon evidence nothing like as strong as this
now presented against members from Tennes-
see, I shall vote to send, the latter also to the
Committee of Elections, and shall insist that
the same rule be applied equally and alike to
friend and foe. Fair playisa jewel, and ought
to bo practiced, sometimes, at least, even by
this most illustrious and immaculate body.
Mr. DAWES. I propose to take each one
of these cases by itself. I now call the pre-
vious question on the resolution, amendment,
and substitute.
The previous question was seconded, aud the
mam question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The question will first be
taken on the first branch of the amendment,
offered by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] to the resolution offered by the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge.]
Mr. PHUYN. Do 1 understand the substi-
tute of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. DaiVKs] to cover the whole ground? It
proposes, I understand, to admit all the mem-
bers except one.
The SPEAKER. That is the amendment.
Mr. DAWES. If my substitute is adopted,
then when Sny other member presents his cre-
dentials the same objection can bo made, and
the question can be voted upon by the House.
Mr. PRUYN. Then it is not a substitute
for the whole.
The SPEAKER. It is a substitute for the
whole ?
" Mr. ELDRIDCrE. In case the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts
shall be adopted, will it not then be in order
to introduce a resolution like the one I have
already offered when Mr. Stokes presents him-
self to the bar of the House?
The SPEAKER. With regard to any of the
remaining gentlemen any member may make
the point and it will be decided by the House.
Jlr. DAWES. I so understand it: it is only
proposing to meet one case at a time.
The SPEAKER. The substitute relates
only to one gentleman, Mr. Butler; if that
should be agreed to, the. Chair would then call
on the remaining gentlemen to be sworn in,
when of course the motion could be made to
postpone or refer.
The first branch ofMr. Brooks's amendment
was read by the Clerk, to add to the original
resolution as follows :
Resolveil, That all the certificates of the gentlemen
from Tennessee be. referred to the Committeo of
Elections.
Mr. DAWES. Is it within my power to
withdraw the call for a division and let it all be
disposed of at once ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. DAWES. Then I do so.
Mr. RANDALL. I renew it.
The question being taken on the amendment,
it was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the second branch
of Mr. Brooks's amendment, to add to the
original resolution the following:
Resolved, That the certificates of Entler,
Jlullin, and Arnell, previous to their being sworn in,
be referred to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask whether that is
divisible ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The rule is,
that each branch of the proposition can stand,
by itself if the remainder is rejected.
"Mr. SCHENCK. Then I ask to have read
the affidavits or the statements upon which
that motion is made.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent, as the House is acting
under the operation of the previous question.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not object to it.
Several Members. I object.
The question being taken on the second
branch of the amendment, it was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment
offered by Mr. Dawes, to strike out. all after
'•Resolved" in the original resolution,"and
substitute therefor the following:
That the credentials of R. It. Butler for the first
di^Hct of Tecuosee be relerred to the Committee
ot E.eetwrts and that he be not sworn in pending
the investigation.
The substitute was agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
original amendment as amended by the adop-
tion of the substitute.
Mr. PILE. I call the yeas and nays on that
question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
members swoitn ix.
The SPEAKER, The Chair will state that
the delegation from California, to whom he
understands there is no objection, arc ready to
be sworn in. and also the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Wasiiburxe. ] Two of these gentle-
men belong to the majority and two to the
minority, and if there is no objection the Chair
will swear th'em in. Is there objection ? The
Chair hears none.
The members-elect from California, Mr. Sam-
uel B. Axtell, Mr. Wit.t.iam Hiuinr. aud Mr.
James A. .loiivsox, and the member-elect from
the third congressional distrijt of Illinois. Mr.
E. B. Wasiibikxe, severally appeared, and
qualified by taking the o th prescribed by law.
