1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'15
disability; and without such a provision, the
reconstruction acts would, I think, have been
very defective indeed. Such a provision was
also embraced in the constitutional amendment
which was submitted to the people of the south-
ern States.
But all this is aside from the present ques-
tion. I am not in any way criticising the posi-
tion of my colleague, [Mr. Morgan.] I be-
lieve he has made none of these motions and
none of these statements. He probably voted
in July as he will vote or has voted to-day.
But, my allusion is, first, to the fact that we
have been called upon to act on a statement
deemed to be a sufficient foundation for a reso-
lution by a gentleman who has afterward disa-
vowed, as it were, his own statement by voting
against his own resolution, thus showing that
he was not quite so zealous in defending the
Constitution and the rightful representation of
the people as he would have appeared to be if
we had not followed him through the whole
course of his record upon this matter. And I
reter next to the particular resolution now be-
fore us, first, to say that I hope it is not a case
of the same kind, and in the next place, to say
that, so far as the facts have been disclosed to
this House.and to the country, there is reason
enough, in my judgment, for not referring the
case of Colonel Stokes to the Committee of
Elections; and, therefore, though I voted for
the former resolution, I hold that I shall be
entirely consistent in voting against this.
Mr. DAWE3. I now yield for five minutes
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
raxj>alt,. ]
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say only one word. I shall vote against this
resolution for the same reasons which induced
me to vote in that direction when the members
from Kentucky presented themselves andasked
to be sworn in, and I desire to call the atten-
tion of the House and the country to the posi-
tion that the majority on that side of the House
occupy in l-eference to the delegations of the
two States of Kentucky and Tennessee. At
the last session of Congress the members from
Kentucky presented themselves here. They
were publicly known as being adherents of this
side of the House, and on clap-traps made up
from statements since proved to be false, they
were sent to the Committee of Elections, seven
of them, and to this hour they have not the
right which their people delegated to them, of
representing their State upon this floor. This,
too, of a State which in no manner voted itself
out of the Union, and which stood from the
beginning to the end as a loyal State. Let me call
the attention of the House and the country to
the manner in which they treat the representa-
tives to-day from Tennessee who hold their
own sentiments. One of them who now pre-
sents himself aided the State of Tennessee in
going out of the Union. If there be any dema-
gogism, as charged by gentlemen upon the
other side, it rests alone with them. Why is
the State of Tennessee to have its delegation
admitted here now when charges are made
against the members from that State similar to
those made against the members from Ken-
tucky and which have kept them out? Why
send the credentials of one to the Committee
of Elections and not the others? Let gentle-
men on the other side reconcile the inconsist-
ency of their action. If there be demagogism,
then it is with them and not with us.
Mr. PRUYN. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me.
Mr. DAWES. This has taken up time
enough, I think, with entire respect to the
gentleman from New York.
Mr. PRUYN. It is only to ask a question.
Mr. DAWES. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. PRUYN. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schexck,] the
chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs. in view of the statement he made when
upon the floor of this House a few moments
ago, whether, in view of the events occurring
at the South during a few months past, and
the events which have occurred at the North
more recently, the military committee have
arrived at the conclusion that it is necessary
at this session to make any amendments to
the reconstruction act? I ask this because of
the statement he made when upon the floor.
Mr. DAWES. I now resume the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman will, I
hope, allow me to reply to the question put to
me so courteously.
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. SCHENCK. The question is put so
gravely and so courteously, as is always the
habit of the gentleman from New York, I must
in the same temper reply to him. We have a
Committee on Reconstruction,ordinarily known
as the committee of fifteen, to whom this sub-
ject has been referred.
A Member. It is now the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. SCHENCK. We have now referred
these subjects to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. We had a committee of fifteen before,
but under no circumstances has this class of
cases ever been referred by this House to the
Committee on Military Affairs. The gentle-
man is not aware, perhaps, that the business
of the military committee is necessarily con-
fined to those things which relate to the Army
and its government, and whatever affects its
interest in any way.
Mr. PRUYN. I am quite aware of that;
but the gentleman when up made a remark
which justified me in asking whether the com-
mittee with which he is connected had not
come to that conclusion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not think I said any-
thing of the kind.
Mr. DAWES. The case of the gentlemen
from Tennessee is before the House. The
letter referred to has already been before us.
We all know about the facts, and I do not see
the necessity of referring it to the committee.
We have heard all the testimony there is to
substantiate the charge, and there is no need
for any further investigation. The House can
pass upon it, as well to-day as at any other
time, and I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof Mr. Eldkidge's resolution was
disagreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was disagreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege in the case of Colonel Mullins. As it seems
to be required on the other side that in order
to make a charge some affidavit or some spe-
cifie statement, signed by somebody, should
be presented, I ask the Clerk to read the paper
which I send to the desk.
The SPEAKER. A resolution must first
be offered before any papers can be read.
Mr. BROOKS. I then offer the following
resolution, understanding it to be necessary:
Resolved, That the certificate of_ Mr. Mullins be
referred to the Committee of Elections, and that he
be not sworn in pending the investigation.
The Clerk read, as follows:
I nm well acquainted with Colonel James Mullins,
of Bedford county, Tennessee. I have known him
from my boyhood, and I now make this statement:
In the year 1831—I foiget the day and month—I
heard Colonel Mullins make a speech in Bedford
county, Tennessee. The speech was made at a spring
known as "Moore's" Spring, somcthree orfourmiles
from Shelbyvilie, Tennessee. The speech was made
for tho purpose of urging the young men of thatlocal-
ity to join a rebel company then Deing made up by
one James A. Moore of said State and county. In the
speech Colonel Mullins said that he wanted to pee all
tho young men go out and fight for their homes and
firesides; that he was an old man andnot able to do
much fighting, but that ho would make meat and
bread for others to live on while they fought, and
that whenever it became essential he too would go
into the rebel army. In fact, the entire speech v. us
an "out and out" rebel speech, and in entire accord
with the speeches being then made throughout Ten-
nessee by such men as Governor Harris and other
rebel leaders. n
| la one or two days after hearing this sneeca, I met
Colonel MuUins in Shelbyvilie, Tennessee, and
I rebuked him for the speech reierredto. H'• reph'd
' that half of the North and all of the South hn-t gmv
with the rebellion, and that-he thought it the duty
of every southern man to take sido with the South
in the struggle. I told him if ho thought so bceottid
go that way, but as for myself I should "paddle my
own canoe."
At theconclusion ofthe speech referred to, Iurged
the young men to pay no attention to what Mullins
had said, and not to go into the rebel army. A great
many took- my advice, and remained firm Union
men, many of them subsequently becoming Union
soldiers.
At the time Colonel Mullins made this speech I
regarded him as a "rebel," and lam sure his lan-
guage would have sustained such a belief.
I nave been a loyal man from the beginning. On
the 17th day of April, 1832, I enlisted as a Union
soldier. I was subsequently elected a lieutenant in
the first Tennessee United States troops, known ns the
guard of Governor Andrew Johnson, then military
Governor ot Tennessee.
I am now a first lieutenant in tho twelfth United
States infantry, regular Armv.
Th e Colonel Mul hns referred to is now the Congress-
man-elect from the fourth congressional district*^
Tennessee. t A. M. Teolugeb,
Firit Lieutenant Twelfth United States Infantry.
Washington, D. C., November 12,1867.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, some members
on the other side of the House seem to be in a
very ill humor. They are very much offended
with me for presenting certificates, affidavits,
and documents such as I have submitted to the
House thisdav. Theyare in illhumorand lam
in good humor. Now both of us have reasons
for our respective humors. The country has
exhibited the very best of reasons for our being
pleased on this side of the House, and the best
reasons for their being displeased on the other
side; and if I have given them their own medi-
cine under the bad Kentucky precedent which
they have established, and am not disposed to
take their medicine, they should not be angry
and should not rail at me. It is not a patent
of my own manufacture: I am not the Bran-
dretli that invented it. They are the doctors
in the Kentucky case: they have manufactured
their o\vn pills, and if I make them take them
they should make the best of it, and not rail
and howl at me as certain gentlemen on the
other side have done.
The honorable gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] though not in a very bad humor, at-
tacks the newspapers. The only difference
between that gentleman and myself is, at the
opening of the war he was a terrible copper-
head, while I was a terrible Union man, and
now I am a terrible copperhead while he is a
terrible disunion man—a terrible Jacobin.
That is the only difference. If I were to read
his speeches they would be found quite as bad
as anything that ever appeared in any news-
paper with which I had any connection. While
most of his are on the wrong side, mine are on
the right side.
Now, there should be no ill humor upon this
subject. The honorable gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Dawes, J in the course of the
debate, threatened me with the censure of the
House if I failed to maintain my charges against
Mr. Butler, and in the course of the discussion
he talked of my expulsion. That is the last
thing I expected to hear from the chairman of
the Committee on Contested Elections, who
maneuvered to turn me outof this House upon
testimony which, if he knew anything, he knew
to be infamous, and which my constituents
rebuked by sending me back here by over six
thousand majority. I said alittle while ago that
if he had any disposition to try that experiment
of expulsion again I would come back here with
ten thousand majority; but I reckon I could come
back then with nearer fifteen or twenty thou-
sand. I have a constituency in the rear, a joy-
ful, gleeful constituency, who will maintain me
in my right,s on the floor of this House, in
decorum and order, to examine into the case of
others that present themselves here for admis-
sion.
The honorable gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
ScheSck] also paid me his respects. He is
never a very amiable man, permit me to say; he
has not that suavity which as a student of Ches-
terfield he might do well to cultivate. And he
reminds me more of a character in one of the
novels of the day, Snarieyow 1 think it is, than
of any other man lever met with. The character
in the novel is descriptive of that which lis s«
