1867;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
science.to determine whether he can take the
test-oath.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will my colleague yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Certainly.
Mr. SCHENCK. I did not suppose it pos-
sible for any one to misunderstand my propo-
sition, stated in reply to the question of my
colleague, [Mr. Morgan.]
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I am "very glad if
I have misunderstood my colleague.
Mr. SCHENCK. The first question before"
the House I had spoken upon. That was as to
the present status, as made apparent by any
showing to the House, of the member-elect
asking to be sworn in, the object being to de-
termine the question whether he should be
permitted to come forward and take the oath.
In ref'erence.to this question I said that when
there is some showing of apparent disloyalty,
while on the other hand there is in the posses-
sion of the House knowledge which explains
all that away, it is no reason for not permitting
the member-elect to present himself to take
the oath. Then my colleague [Mr. Morgan]
inquired of me whether 1 thought Colonel
Stokes could take the oath consistently with
that letter previously written by him. My reply
was, that I was not the conscience-keeper of
Colonel Stokes; that it would depend upon his
own judgment whether he could take the oath
or not.
There I stopped. I went no further; and
now my colleague compels me, in order that I
may not be misunderstood, to go a little fur-
ther on this point. I think we may make a
preliminary examination on a proper showing
as to whether a member is willing to come for-
ward and take the oath. After he has come
forward and is taking the oath, then it is for
him upon his conscience whether what he
swears to is true or not. If he swears to that
which is subsequently shown to be manifestly
untrue, then he is to be dealt with for what he
has done.
Now, in reference to the case of Judge Pat-
terson', I do not hesitate to say what my opin-
ions would have been. He was anxious to take
the oath, and did take it, that he had never
held office in any way under the authority of
the confederate government. I would have
permitted him to take that oath, and if I had
been a Senator I would the next moment have
moved to expel him for manifest perjury com-
mitted in the presence of the Senate.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I am glad that
my colleague is not where I supposed he was,
for he is a clear-headed lawyer as well as a
sound statesman.
I wish to add only a suggestion or two to
what I have already said. Let me say that I
know nothing which could be more pernicious
to the matter now under consideration than to
adopt the suggestion of my colleague to per-
mit the member claiming to be elected to take
the oath, though that oath might be known to
the House not to be taken in good faith, and
to rely upon the power of expulsion as a pun-
ishment. It would defeat the important opera-
tion of the test-law so far as regards the organ-
ization of the two Houses of Congress. The
position this House has already taken, and the
position we are urged upon the other side to
adhere to, is the true and only position we can
take, to wit: we must exercise vigilance on the
part of the House; and, as my friend sitting
beside me says, the conscience of the House
must be brought to bear on the question whether
the oath shall be administered or not. When
that is done, we secure ourselves against the
very mischief the test-oath was designed to
prevent. After a man has taken the oath, and
is in, under the ruling, he may vote in his own
case, and it will take a two-third vote to expel
him.
No, sir; let us to-day do what we have done
hitherto and remain firm and steadfast at the
standard fixed by law. Let us not let it be
departed from. If the gentleman whose case
is now under consideration is objected to upon
evidence that excites fait and reasonable sus-
picion of the House that inquiry is proper, in
the name of the country let us have inquiry.
If I understood the paper read by the gentle-
man from New York, he charges, and doubt-
less in good faith, disloyalty against this man.
Let us have an investigation, far I tell you this
preliminary investigation is to be of incalculable
value, perhaps of vital value in future organ-
izations of the several branches of Congress. I
regret most heartily, as I expressed it at the
time, the bad precedent set up by the Senate
in the case alluded to, and I trust it will never
be again repeated.
Mr. DAWES. I yield now for a few mo-
ments to my colleague, [Mr. Butler,] and will
then call for the previous question.
Mr. BUTLER. Having voted for the refer-
ence in the case in the last resolution, although
if left untrammeled by a former precedent I
should have voted against it, I desire to call
the attention of the House to what seems to
me a vital distinction between the Kentucky
case as presented at the last session and the
case as now presented by the member from
New York. In the Kentucky case the House
settled the principle that if a member upon his
responsibility or upon sworn testimony—neces-
sarily ex parte, because no hearing had then
been had—would charge a member-elect about
to be sworn in with present disloyalty—.mark,
sir, present disloyalty—the House upon that
showing would refer the ease to the Committee
of Elections. The case at bar, however, is a
very different one. The gentleman from New
York, admitting that he will not make any
objection upon his own responsibility, asks the
House to refer the question—upon what? Upon
any sworn testimony? Oh, no; but he sends
to your table to be read a letter from some
person, whom we know not, not verified by oath;
simply an apparent exhibition of spleen and
political dislike. The gentleman from New
York fails to say to the House that he will vote
for this reference, or that he believes in the
present disloyalty of the gentleman at the bar.
He gives us nothing upon his responsibility; he
produces no evidence ; therefore the case is
presented in a very different light.
But suppose that letter were sworn to. It
by no means meets the precedent, because in
the Kentucky case there was testimony of pres-
ent disloyalty. All this paper goes to show is
that a questionable speech was made in 1861,
leaving six years, during which the gentleman
may have entirely repented of any disloyal sen-
timent he may have entertained.
In the way the gentleman from New York pre-
sents his question, one would suppose he did not
believe it possible for a member of this House
or anybody else to change his political views.
It would hardly seem possible that a man who
for years was a leader of the Know-Nothiug
party, persecuting Irishmen, and holding that
every Irish vote was improper and anti-Ameri-
can, would, after a few years, be found hoast-
ing in the House of Representatives by what a
majority of Irish votes he could be returned in
case he should be expelled for misconduct.
Now, I believe in repentance, and I am very
glad that gentlemen who have heretofore been
identified with the dark-lantern anti-Catholic
church-burning orphan-asylum-burning party
shall change round and be the leaders of the
cohorts of Irishmen, if they can find any Irish-
men so deluded as to follow their leadership.
That is one of those things which should not
disqualify them from a seat on this floor, pro-
vided their repentance is genuine.
Now, I trust the House will call upon the
gentleman in all fairness to say, can you vouch
for the correctness of that letter? A portion
of it I see has been erased. Is there any evi-
dence in his possession upon which he can ask
us to deprive a gentleman of his position as a
representative of the people, except this semi-
anonymous, unvouched-for letter? No man
knows from whence it comes. We find it dated
in Washington, on the 12thof November, 18G7,
apparently got up for this purpose. By whom?
when? where? how? Who vouches for it? We
are asked to have this case investigated simply
upon an apparently anonymous charge as to
what a man said in a speech six years and more
ago. Therefore it is not within the precedent
of the Kentucky case.
I agree to every word that has been said by
my friend from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] as
to the necessity of holding up this test-oath as
the shield of the liberty of the people, and the
very bulwark by which the purity of the House
as to loyalty is to be protected. But there is
nothing in that letter which interferes with the
test-oath. The man who made that speech
may well swear that he never voted to give aid
or comfort to the enemies of the United States,
•for the speech as there reported, if true, was
not of a character to afford aid or comfort to
anybody. That kind of talk never did any
harm except to the person using it. It harmed
no loyal man, much less the country. There-
fore I think a man could easily make such a
speech and afterward say he gave no aid to
the enemies of the country.
But the proposition to which I wished to call
attention is this : we are not to be accused of
inconsistency in voting in any of these mem-
bers when the gentlemen who oppose their
admission know no reason why they should be
excluded, but propose to make some political
legerdemain out of it. They want to admin-
ister a pill, as they say. Now, sir, we are not
here to administer medicine to one side or the
other. We are here to deal with grave mat-
ters of legislation, and the standard of the
House is entirely lowered when gentlemen rise
in their places and apparently standing on the
dignity of their situation make assertions and
asseverations against honorable men elected to
this House, and then when they get through
say, " Oh, I did not do that at all from any
consideration of right or with the design of
instructing the House, but simply for the pur-
pose of seeing if I could catch somebody in
inconsistency." We are not here for traps
and catches. We are here for grave matters
of legislation.
Let me say, further, that I speak in the
utmost good humor. Do not let anybody
accuse me of feeling otherwise than well. I
am very glad some members are encouraged;
they needed it. I hope they will have courage
enough to meet their opponents fairly and above
board. I am willing that the people shall
judge of the declaration of the honorable
member from New York, [Mr. Bkooks,] who
has declared in effect here that he does not
think disloyalty, if prove*], is a disqualifica-
tion for this House. That is his declaration in
substance and effect. I take issue with him.
I think disloyalty proved, present disloyalty,
and, under the test-oath, past disloyal acts
tending to aid the enemies of the country, a
reason for exclusion. I trust it ever will be;
and I shall never lose my good temper until it
j is derided by the House that it is not a good
! reason for excluding any member now or Eere-
i after.
Mr. DAWES. It is due to the member
from Tennessee whose credentials are now
before the House, Mr. Mullins, and who has
no opportunity to speak for himself, that I
should speak for him and at his request to this
extent, to enter his complete and full personal
genial of all the matters alleged in the letter
which has been submitted to the House. The
letter is utterly unvouched for by anybody.
The gentleman is a stranger to me; but I make
this statement for him because he is unable to
speak in his own defense, and it is proper that
he should have it submitted to the House be-
fore the vote is taken. I now call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I wish to
ask if that letter may be considered 
The SPEAKER. The House is acting
under the operation of the previous question,
and no debate is in order.
