THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
November 25,
first given to the breezes of Heaven and gave
vent to the rejoicing impulses of my natare, and
as its folds floated forth in the sunlight the tears
dropped like showers of rain from my eyes.
This is the real feeling of Tennessee. This is
what will carry the ship of state booming along
amid the clouds and storms of rebellion, under
whatever guise they may come.
I ask pardon of the Jlouse for thus taking up
their time, and will say no more.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I now renew the motion
to adjourn. :
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned
till Monday next.
petition.
The following polition was presented under the
rule, nnd referred to the appropriate committee:
By Mr. K.ELLEY: Evidence on behalf of Georee
D. Blakey, contestant of the election returns of the
third district of Kentucky.
notices 03? bills.
The following notices for leave to introduce bills
wero given under the rule:
By Sir. ELIOT: A bill pledging the faith of the
United States to the payment in coin of certain pub-
lic securities known as five-twenty bonds.
By Mr. FERKV: A bill to rearrange tbe bound-
aries of the customs district of J&ehigau.
By Mr. JULIAN: A bill amendatory of the pre-
emption laws of the United States, and for other
purposes.
By Mr. SPALDING: A bill entitled "A bill grant-
ing registers to thebarkThermutis and thoschoonors
Wirrilito and Etowah, of Cleveland, Ohio."
• Also, a bill to establish a navy-yard at Cleveland,
Ohio.
Also, a bill to establish a post route from Copley to.
New Portage, via Clarke's Mills, in the county of*
Summit, Ohio.
IN SENATE.
Monday, November 25, 1867.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
memorial of William B. Whiting, captain Uni-
ted States Navy, praying Congress to confer
upon Rear Admiral Charles Stewart the title
of admiral upon the retired list; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of cit-
izens of the United States residing in the State
of Massachusetts, praying for such legislation
as will secure to _ woman equal suffrage with
man in the District of Columbia; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. DAVIS presented a petition of Eliza-
beth Carson, praying compensation for food
furnished to prisoners confined in the Bourbon
county jail, in Kentucky, by order of the mili-
tary authorities, from August, 1862, to the
latter part of 1865 ; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of citi-
zens ofMississippi,prayingthat W.G. Vaughan,
a delegatc-cleet to the constitutional convention
in that State, may be relieved of his disability,
in order to take his seat; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of Eugeno Mc-
Caa, of Alabama, praying for the passage of an
act^ relieving him from taking the oath pre-
scribed by the act of Congress approved July
2, 1862, and that he may be allowed to hold
any office to which he may be elected or ap-
pointed; which was referred to the Committee
on fhe Judiciary.
lie also presented a petition of Mary C.
Ringgold, praying for an increase of pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He also presented a memorial of W. Gr..Dix,
protesting against the recognition of the Otto-
man Empire as a right and lawful Govern-
ment ; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
• contumacious witness. '
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the joint select Com-
mittee on Retrenchment, reported the foll.ow-
ing resolution ; which was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agreed to :
Whereas Edward E. Dunbar, of the city of New
York, having appeared before the joint select Com-
mittee on Retrenchment, raised by concurrent reso-
lution of the two Houses on the 11th day of October,
1867, and having been sworn, and having given cer-
tain testimony touching the matters of inaniry re-
ferred to said committee, and in the course of such
testimony having stated that certain material facts
stated by him upon information were communicated
to him by various persons, and he having thereupon
been asked and required to communicate to said com-
mittee the names of such persons, and he having
thereupon, in contempt of the authority of said com-
mittee and of the two Houses of Congress respect-
ively, wholly refused so to do; Therefore,
Resolved, That the President pro tempore be, and he
is hereby, authorized and required to issue his war-
rant to the Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate, com-
manding him to arrest the said Edward E. Dunbar
wheresoever he may be found, and have his body at
the bar of the Senate, to answer for said contempt.
captured and abandoned property.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am instructed by the
joint select Committee on Retrenchment to re-
port a joint resolution to require the payment
of certain moneys into the Treasury of the
United States, and to ask for its present con-
sideration.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 67) was read
twice by its title.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the resolution be
read at length.
The Secretary read the joint resolution,
which provides that all moneys which have
been received by any officer or. employ*? of
the Government, or any Department thereof,
from sales of captured or abandoned property
in the late insurrectionary districts, under or
under color of the several acts of Congress
providing for the collection and sale of such
property, and which have not been already
actually covered into the Treasury, shall be
immediately paid into the Treasury, together
with any interest which has been received or
accrued thereon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know that I have
any objection to the resolution; but at the
same time I think it had better lie over until
to-morrow, so that we may have time to exam-
ine. it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no objection to
its going over if any Senator wishes that course
to be taken ; but I hope the resolution will be
printed in the mean time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
printed, as a matter of course, under the rules.
bill introduced.
Mr. MORGAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint res-
olution fS. R. No. 68) exempting goods im-
ported on the second, third, and fourth days
of March, 1867, from the operation of the act
entitled "An act to provide increased revenue
from imported wool, and for other purposes,"
approved March 2, 18G7 ; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
messengers and pages.
Mr. NYE. I offer the following resolution,
and ask for its present consideration :
Resolved, That the Secretary be, and he is hereby,
authorized to pay the salaries now due the special
messengers and pages retained during the recess by
special resolution out of the contingent fund of the
Senate, or any fund not otherwise appropriated.
The Senate will recollect that a resolution
was passed on the last day of the session in
July 
Mr. CAMERON. I think this resolution
had better lie over until to-morrow.
Mr. NYE. I understand that the Senator
from Pennsylvania desires to include the clerks
of committees. I shall have no objection to
that amendment if he moves it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The resolution had better
lie over. I ask that it lie over.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion will lie over, under the rules.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, it was
Ordered, That Alexander J. Atocha have leave to
withdraw his petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. EDMUNDS, it was
Ordered, That Henry E. Morse have leave to with-
draw his petition and papeiv.
On motion of Mr. MORGAN", it was
Ordered, That the petitions and documents of
Charles J. Jack, prayin? compensation for services
rendered as counsel in defending certain officers,
sailors, and marines before the naval general court-
martial at the navy-yard in Brooklyn, New York,
in 1864 and 1865, be taken from the files and referred
to the Committee on Claims.
united states of north germany.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to tho Senate, if this
can be done compatibly with the public interest, any
official information which may have been received
in regard to the formation and tho functions of the
Government of the United States of North Germany.
reduction of military force.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, submitted the
following resolution ; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the^ Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of an immediate reduction of tho stand-
ing military force of the United States.
volunteers for the plains.
Mr. ROSS submitted the following resolu-
tion 5 which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia be instructed to inquire into theneces-
si ty of providing for the enttstment of volunteers for a
limited period for the preservation of the poace on
the plains, and to report by bill or otherwise.
usjg of hall for a lecture.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following reso-
lution, on which I ask the action of the Senate
now:
Resolved, That the Senate Chamber be set apart
for a lecture from Rev. Newman Hall on tho even-
ing of Tuesday, the 26th of November.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
the resolution? The Chair hears none. The
question is on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before that resolution
passfes, I ask that the rule of the Senate on the
subject be read. I think there is a rule in
vprftvpripo fn if.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
no rule on the subject, but there is a resolution
of the body.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought there had been
some action.
Mr. SUMNER. I will read .to the Senate
what there is. There is no rule, but there is
a resolution. The Senate will remember that
there was an effort to secure the Chamber for
the use of Mrs. M. C. Walling, and after some
discussion it was granted in the following res-
olution :
" JResolved, That the use of the Senate Chamber be
granted to Mrs. M. .C. Walling for the purpose of
deHveiing therein an address, on Thursday evening,
thelOth instant,thefioor of the Chambertobe for the
exclusive accommodation of members of the Senate
and House of Representatives, and their families:
and that hereafter the Senate Chamber shall not be
granted for any other purpose than for the use of the
Senate.''—Senate Journal, May 8,1866.
You will observe that this provision relating
to the '1 hereafter'' was put on as a sort of rider
to the concession of the Chamber for that even-
ing. It is in the nature of a vote by the Senate,
and, of course, may be rescinded or modified
at any time. 1 think there can be no objection
now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I con-
fess that it is approaching me in rather a ten-
der point when the Senator from Massachusetts
proposes to give the use of the Hall to the
distinguished gentleman named; but that Sen-
ator is quite as well aware as I am that when
we commence opening the doors of the Cham-
ber for lectures we cannot stop it. The Sen-
ate, very solemnly as I understood, decided
some time ago that the Chamber should not be
used except for the business of the Senate. If
there could be any occasion on which I would
bo> willing to open the doors for any other pur-
