1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
781
pose, it would certainly be to receive and listen
to a distinguished gentleman from,a foreign
country who has borne so conspicuous a part
in his native land in standing up for the rights
of America and for the cause of humanity; and
I am rather sorry than otherwise that the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts should have presented
the resolution. This Chamber is not a very
large one. It will not accommodate the throng
that would like to listen to that gentleman*
Some larger room would acc&nmodate the
public much better. I shall not interpose a
single objection to the consideration of the res-
olution, but I wish to say to my fellow-Senators
if you commence opening the doors'in this way
you will find it very difficult to close them. I
should much prefer that the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts had not presented this resolution.
If the Senate think proper to pass it, of course
the doors will be opened, and we shall have
these applications constantly.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I think, since this resolution has been offered,
it would be very unfortunate for us to refuse
to grant the use of the Senate Chamber to
Mr. Hall, and in fact I was in favor of the pre-
sentation of the resolution. He has borne, as
we all know, a very distinguished part as our
friend in England ; and whatever may be our
view with reference to the conduct of the Eng-
lish Government, it is desirable to hear from
him the sentiments of the plain people of Eng-
land, as Mr. Lincoln called them. And as to
the precedent, it seems to me that that whole
matter will be relieved by adopting a rule, if it
is desirable, after this, such a rule as they have
in the House of Representatives preventing
any application of this kind. There is no such
rule existing now, and therefore this need not
be a precedent to violate a rule. I hope that
this application will be granted, and then such
a rule be adopted as there is in the House of
Representatives, which precludes them from
suffering that room to be used on such occa-
sions.
Mr. CAMERON. I have the very highest
respect for the character of the gentleman who
proposes to lecture here, but I cannot consent
by my vote to invite him to come and occupy
the Senate Chamber for an address. If we
once establish a precedent of that kind we shall
never get clear of it. We cannot admit into
this Chamber, when the Senate is in session,
the most respectable citizen of any one of our
States. If we allow this gentleman to lecture
in this Chamber, after a while somebody else
quite as respectable in our own country will
ask the same privilege, and if objection be
made to it we shall give offense.
There is no necessity for this gentleman's
coming to this Chamber to lecture. If it is
intended to compliment him, I for one will
very willingly contribute my share toward rent-
ing a hall, the best in the town ; nay, I will
pay one half the cost, if necessary. Let us go
to hear him in one of the churches or one of
the public halls ; but let us keep this Senate
Chamber for what it was intended—for the
deliberations of Senators, the representatives
of the States of the Union. Why, sir, imag-
ine what would be said to any gentleman, no
matter how distinguished in this body, who
should go to -London and ask to deliver a lec-
ture in the House of Lords! He would be
hooted at. We do not detract anything from
our respect for this gentleman by refnsing him
this Chamber for the purpose of speaking to
us; and I hope we shall not pass this resolu-
tion. I think the rider attached to the last
resolution of this sort was a wise one, because
it gave notice that from that time forth no
more such applications should be granted.
Mr. POME ROY. I suppose I voted for the
resolution which has been read, though I do
not remember whether I did or not. I cer-
tainly shall vote for this resolution even if it
is in conflict with that. The Senate cannot
bind itself not to reconsider or repeal any
action it may have taken in the past. I can
always trust myself, and I believe every member
of the Senate feels as I do about it, to vote for
or against any question that comes up ; and if
this is a precedent for improper applications
in the future all we shall have to do will be to
vote against them. For one, I could not feel
justified in voting against a proposition to hear
Rev. Dr. Hall. Even if such a thing could
not be allowed to an American citizen in Eng-
land we are rather more democratic than they
are, and there is no peculiar sanctity or sacred-
ness about this room that would be injured by
an address from Dr. Hall.
I am glad that the_ Senator from Massachu-
setts has introduced this resolution, and I shall
vote for it. That will not commit me to vote
for another one to-morrow. If I choose, I
shall vote against the use of the Chamber to-
morrow for some other purpose. Each case
should stand on its own merits, and no Senator
should feel embarrassed or tied up by any for-
mer precedent or vote he may have given. We
can always trust ourselves to vote for or against
any measure that comes up when it comes.
"Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof."
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania reminded us that a similar application
for an American to speak in the Chamber of
the House of Lords would be rejected; and I
believe he used even stronger language. I have
no doubt it would be; but that is no reason
why we should reject such an application here.
I believe that the Senator in this remark has
touched to the very quick an essential differ-
ence between the two countries. In England
a chamber like this is not open in any way to
the public. I rejoice to believe that here, in
our country, a chamber like this may be open
to the public. Clearly, there is no rule against
it. This is the admission of all Senators. If
there were a rule, I should not seek to encoun-
ter it. The use of the Hall may be given by a
simple vote of this body. There is no rule in
the way.
Is there any reason, then, why it should not
be given? We are reminded by the Senator
from Illinois that it will be a precedent which
will open these doors wide to a long line of
speakers. I do not see it so. We always have
the command of the doors. The doorkeepers
are ours. The doors can never be opened except
by our will. It seems to me, therefore, that the
suggestion of my friend from Illinois should not
prevail; it is not well founded. There is no
danger in this precedent. There is no reason
to fear that it will be made the occasion of
repeated applications hereafter. Let each case
be judged on its own merits. If, hereafter,
another person of equal merits shall appear
here, or a request shall be made in his behalf,
then it will be for the Senate to consider it.
I need say nothing here of the beautiful and
persuasive eloquence of this distinguished gen-
tleman, or of his constancy in the support of
our cause during its most perilous days in
England. These are well known to all the Sen-
ate. It is, however, these circumstances which
makethis case exceptional. Do notbe anxious
about the precedent. You can always control
it hereafter; and even if it be recognized as a
precedent it will only be where vou have
opportunity to welcome a gentleman of such
commanding character and influence, to whom
we are all under such just obligations as we
are to this stranger from another land, who
comes with a message of peace.
Mr. TIPTON. I desire simply to say that,
whatever may be our wishes in this behalf, it
must be known to all Senators that this Hall
will not accommodate the members of the
Senate and the members of the House of Rep-
resentatives, with other privileged persons m
the city. It is utterly impossible to accommo-
date them in the Senate Chamber. Senators
then will have to vacate their own seats, and
leave their own families; for it is understood
that every Senator has a wife or two female
friends, and as a matter of course we expect
to come here with our wives or our female
friends. I am not willing to be separated/rom
my wife any more than other Senators are
willing to be separated from their female friends
on such an occasion. Thus we with our fam-
ilies would occupy the body of the Chamber,
and be compelled to exclude the members qi
the House of Representatives. It ought to be
a sufficient objection to opening the Hall, as I
apprehend, that its capacity is not sufficient to
accommodate those who are primarily entitled
to come here.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. SHERMA.N. I am requested by the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Hexdersox] to
state that in consequence of his official con-
nection with the Indian commission he will
not be able to be here'until the latter part of
this week. As he is engaged in official busi-
ness I presume it i3 unnecessary to ask leave
of absence for him.
The result was announced—yeas 10, nay3
27 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messr3. Anthony, Chandler, Frelinghuy-
sen. Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nye, Pomeroy, Sum-
ner, Wade, and Wilson—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buekalew, Cameron, Cole,
Conness, Corbett, Davis, Dixon, Dooiittle, Edmunds,
Eessenden, Fowler, Grimes, Harlan, Johnson, Mor-
gan. Morrill of Vermont, Norton, Patterson of Ten-
nessee, Ramsey, Ross. Sherman, ffipton, Trumbull,
Van Winkle, Willey. and Williams—27.
ABSENT — Messrs. Cattell, Conklins, Cragin,
Drake. Ferry, Guthrie, Henderson. Hendricks, How-
ard, Howe, Patterson of New Hampshire, Saulsbury,
Spraeue, Stewart. Thayer, and Yates—16.
So the motion was rejected.
BILLS REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the bill (H. R.
No. 127) in relation to additional bounty, and
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 80) concerning
the government of the Army of the United
States, were taken from the table, read a
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the following
joint resolutions were taken from the table,
read twice, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 53) tendering
the thanks of Congress to Major General Philip
H. Sheridan;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 54) tendering
the thanks of Congress to Major General
Daniel E. Sickles;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 55) tendering
the thanks of Congress to Major General John
Pope;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 56) tendering
the thanks of Congress to Major General John
M. Schofield; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 79) relative to
the purchase of Hall's carbines.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the bill (H.
R. No. 145) in relation to the district court of
the Uidled States for-the northern district of
Ohio was taken from the table, read twice, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that when the
Senate adjourn to-day it be to meet on Thurs-
day next. ["Thanksgiving!''] It has oc-
curred to me that that is the day set apart
for national thanksgiving. I withdraw the
motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to suggest that
sometime during this month it would be-well
to take some action as to the day of final ad-
journment of the present session, and I think
that ought to be done pretty early. We had
better settle when we shall finally close this
session, and that must be done by joint action
of the two Houses.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had better
meet to-morrow, and perhaps we can then set-
tle that question. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
