1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
787
foro, to make one more effort to call the atten-
tion of Congress, and intend to keep calling
attention to it until Congress shall declare,'
and our ministers abroad shall vindicate, the
will of the American people on this subject.
And now, sir, what are the facts upon which
I have grounded these resolutions? For many
years, and more particularly within the two
years last past, no American citizen has been
permitted to visit Great Britain or Ireland
without an extraordinary and insulting examin-
ation of his person and effects. His footsteps
have been dogged, and spies and informers have
hung around him like his shadow. Numer-
ous arrests have been made, not only without
any sworn information being lodged against
them, but even without any decent grounds for
suspicion. They have been cast into loath-
some prisons; marched through the streets,
heavily manacled, the groans of the mob
making deep bass to the treble of their clank-
ing chains, which were peeling the flesh from
the bones of American citizens, both native
and adopted; clothed in felon uniforms itching
on the backs of unconvicted and unaccused
American citizens, whose blood had deepened
the crimson on the stripes and whose valor
had brightened the radiance in the stars of that
flag which failed in this hour of their shame
and degradation to protect them. The Amer-
ican who sees or hears or reads these details
of insult and degradation and does not feel
like avenging thein, or turns a deaf ear from
his fellow American citizens, with the plea that
the victims are Irishmen or Fenians, is unwor-
thy of a flag for his country, or a grave beneath
its soil.
Now, sir, let me call the attention of this
House to some recent occurrences which I
believe justify the moving and adoption of the
resolutions which I have offered.
In February last Stephen J. Meany, claim-
ing to be an American citizen, having been
kidnapped in London, was tried in Dublin and
convicted of treason felony. The attorney
general in his opening speech, as I find it
reported in the Dublin Irishman of February
23, 1867, to the jury—such a jury only as is pro-
duced in England on State trials—detailed the
actions of Mr. Meany in New York; stated what
he had done at Clinton ball in that city Jan-
uary 3 and 11, 18G6; showed what he had done
at the Apollo rooms in that city in March of
that year; what he had done and said in Sixth
avenue April 4 of that year ; and through the
whole opening speech of the attorney general
not one single reference to or insinuation of
anything ever done on British soil by Mr.
Meany was made ; but on the recital of words
spoken and acts done in the city of New York
he closed his address in the following words:
"Xott, if you believe the evidence that will be
given, there is an end of tliis case. Every natural
born subject of her majesty who goes to another
country cannot, with impunity, hatch treason against
his.own country. At all events, if he does ho had
better stay there. The Crown thinks it right that the
public should know this, find, if the facts I have
stated are proved, Stephen >T. Meany will become an
example to the parties who do so."
Witnesses such only as are produced in
England on State trials were called. Not a
single act or word done or spoken in her
majesty's dominions was proved against him.
The evidence being all in, Baron Fiwgerald, one
of the judges presiding, inquired of'theattorney
general what offense had been proved? After
a long discussion Baron Fitzgerald made the
following note of the point reserved, and
refused to sentence till the appeal was heard :
" The Crown gave evidence that the prisoner was a
member of a society in America called the Fenian
brotherhood, having for its object the several objects
set out ill the several counts in the indictment; gave
evidence of the existence of an association m Ireland
of similar denomination, and evideneo of its connec-
tion with that in America. Then proved a number
of acts in the county of the city of Dublin m promo-
tion of its objects by members of the association m
Ireland, hut proved no, otherwi% acts of the pris-
oner himself done m Ireland, or even that he was m
Ireland during any part of the period that the asso-
ciations were shown to oxist citaer m America or
Ireland."
This point, so reserved, was argued in the
courts above and was decided against Meauy
by six to four of the ten judges, and on the
21st day of June last he was brought up for
sentence. In reply to the usual question why
sentence should not be pronounced against
him, he said:
"I protest against the right to pass any sentence
in any British court for acts done, or words spoken,
or alleged to be done or spoken, on American soil,
within the shadow of the American flag, and under
the sanction of American institutions. ,1 protest
against the assumption that would in this country
bind the right of thought or control the^ liberty of
speech in an assemblage of American citizens in an
American city. The United States will doubtless
respect and protect her neutrality laws and observe
'the comity of nations/ whatever that may mean, in
practice; but I repeat, I protest against the mon-
strous fiction, the transparent fraud that would seek
in ninety years after the evacuation of New York by
the British to bring the people ot New York within
the vision and venuo of a British jury in a Brit-
ish law court. I protest against the 'supposition'
that, in ninety years after the last British bayonet
had glistened in an American sunlight; after the last
keel of the last of the English fleet plowed its last
furrows in the waters of the Hudson or the Delaware,
would restore that city of New York, its people and
institutions, to the dominions of the Crown and Gov-
ernment of Great Britain. That is the meaning of
this case. And so, disguise it as the Crown may, will
it be interpreted in America. Not that the people
of America would care one jot that Stephen Joseph
Meany were hanged, drawn, and quartered to-mor-
row; but there is a great principle involved. Per-
sonally. I am of no conscqucnce in the affair; polit-
ically, I represent in this court the Irish-adopted
citizens of America; for if, as the New York Herald,
writing on the case, has observed, the acts done in
my regard are held to be justifiable, there is nothing
to prevent the extension of the same justice to any
other adopted citizen visiting Great Britain. It is,
therefore, in the injustice of the easethe influence
lies, and not in the importance of the individual."
Meany, at the close of his address, was sen-
tenced to fifteen years' imprisonment. An
attempt has been made to get away from the
real question at issue here by insinuations that
Meany was only an inchoate, and not a re-
spectable citizen. The attorney genenal did
not think worth while to make any distinction
between degrees or kinds of citizenship, but
boldly declared that every natural-born sub-
ject of her majesty returning to his native
country would be lield for words spoken in
his adopted country. What did our minister
do? If an appeal was made in behalf of
Meany, as I have no doubt there was, and he
did not demand his instant release or his own
passports home* he deserves the severest pun-
ishment which the citizens of thi£ country,
whose rights were thus trampled on, can inflict
upon their servants.
Take another case. Henry Quinn; an Ameri-
can citizen, was arrested and thrown into prison,
in Dublin, 111 August last. He was charged
with no crime; he had violated no law, and
he could not see why he should be imprisoned.
He wrote to Minister Adams, and here is Min-
ister Adams's reply:
Legation op the United States,
London, August 22, 1867.
Sir: lam desired by Mr. Adams to acknowledge
the reception of your letter ot the 16th instant, and
to express to you his regret at your painful situation.
He is in hopes that the reestabiishmeut of quiet in
Ireland, and the subsidence of agitation in America,
will soon open tho way for the renewal of an appli-
cation for a trial in your ease, if not for your libera-
tion. llo will seize the earliest opportunity that may
appear to him to promise a favorable result.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
BEN J. MORAS*,
Secretary of Legation.
Mr. Henry Quinn, Mountjoy Prison, Dublin.
Now, citizen Quinti had not asked Minister
Adams for his regret at painful situations. £\or
did he ask him to wait for any subsidence of
agitation in America or reestablishment of
anything In Ireland. lie demanded that liis
minister, his servant for that purpose, should
demand'that if charges of any crime commit-
ted by him on British soil existed he should lie
speedily tried or liis prison doors opened. I
ask, sir, was it not the duty of our minister to
inform the foreign secretary of Great Britain
that if there existed no charges against him,
or if they did exist and were not speedily tried,
he should be set at liberty, and should no longer
be kept imprisoned except on fair trial and due
conviction, or he would send Farragut and
Grant with their Yankee key to open the doors
of their jails that the imprisoned American
might, go free?
Another case is that of Colonel Warren. In
a letter which I received from him, dated Kil-
mainham prison, August 2, 1867, duly vised
and corrected by some prison official, he says:
"I have violated no English law; my ambition is
the obeying and protecting the laws of my adopted
country. I have been in America since my boyhood,
and was arrested a few days after iny landing here.
It is plain, then, that they hold me for opinions^ex-
pressed in America, andignore the United States right
to confer citizenship."
After long delay, be was, on October 30 and
31, and on the 1st day of the present month,
tried, and in liis case the grossest insult has
been offered to the United States, without
rebuke or remonstrance from our minister.
By section forty-seven of 6 George IV,_ chap-
ter fifty, the jury 'array may be challenged
if the prisoner be an alien, and an order made
on his application for a jury de mediatate lin-
gua;. Blackstone says this is a privilege as
ancient as the time of King Ethelred. Dea-
con on Criminal Law, published in London in
1830, page 704, says :
" By section forty-seven nothing contained in the
act shall deprive any alien indicted of any felony or
misdemeanor of the right of being tried by a jury
demediatatc lingua. But on the prayer of every alien
so indicted the sheriff shall return for one half of the
jury a competent number of aliens, if there are so
many in thctown or place where the trial is had; and
if not, then so manyas shall bofonnd there. And no
such alien juror can be challenged for waht of any of
the qualifications required bvthe act; for this would
indeed totally defeat the privilege, as an alien is inca-
pable of holding lands. But any alien juror may bo
challenged for any other cause, such as partiality or
tho like."
This provision, which is worthy of all the
praise Sir William Blackstone bestows upon
it, is necessary in securing justice to Americans
above all other people in the world; for, dis-
guise it as you may, there is no people in the
world against whom England manifests such an-
tipathies. Her conduct in our recent struggle
proves this too plainly. "Warren challenged
the array of his jury 011 the ground that they
were all British subjects. Had the challenge
been made by a Spaniard, a Turk, a French-
man, a Brazilian, a Sandwich Islander, aJapan-
ese or a Hottentot, it would have been granted.
It was refused to the American. The report
of the trial, in the Cork Examiner, states that
the prisoner suggested that he was born in Cork
of American parents. But at all events it was
admitted that he was an American citizen, and
Chief Baron Pigot met the question as follows:
" The chief baron said the bench had no doubt as
to the course they should adopt. According to the
law of England, he who was once under the alle-
giance of the Crown remained so forever. His lord-
ship read a passage fromBlackstone,which laid[down
that a natural born subject of tho British Crown
eouldnevershakeoffthatallegiance.no matter where
he might take up his residence. The learned .radge
also quoted irom Judge story's 'Conflict of Law,' (page
23,) an eminent American authority, whicir stated
that 4 every nation hud a right to bind its own sub-
jects at all times and in all places.'Kent ? Commen-
taries' also affirmed that it was not in the pow^r of any
subject to shake off his allegiance. The same work,
referring to America, laid down a similar doctrine,
and concluded by saying: 'On this historical revie.v
of the discussion on American jurisprudence, the
better opinion wouldsecm to be that a citizen cannot
renounce his allegiance to the United States Govern-
ment without the peimission of the Government be
declared by law, and that, a? there is no exist ins
regulation in the case, the rule of the existing .Lnslish
law remains unaltered/ The application made tor
the prisoner was certainly a proper one, if he were
entitled to it; but it was perfectly pip in that a per "on
who claimed such a juryshouldbeanalien. He (t.ie
learned judge) could not, however, allow that prop-
osition to be put forward on the present occasion
without meeting it by a prompt and immediate de-
nial. According to the law of England, a person born
in the United Kingdom owes his alleginncc to England
forever, and no matter where he might be."
Warren then protested against being tried,
proclaimed his American citizenship, and with-
drew his counsel. A lawyer named Adair ap-
peared to watch the case for the American
Government, hut was insulted by Chief Baron
Pigot and Judge Keogh. The farce ot trial
went on ; the prisoner in court, in reply to f^omo
observation, denounced the attorney general.
He said such an act toward a man in his posi-
tion was cruelty and cowardice; and li.  de-
nounced it as the act of a liar and a coward.
The report proceeds as follows:
"As the judges were ri-u*£ on the bench, the chief
baron—whose natural dignity, mildaos, and eon-
