790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
November 25,
vpmber, 1812, " all vessels under the flag of the United
States of America, which are bona fide and wholly the
property ot his majesty's subjects, and not purchased
by them subsequent to the date of hostilities on the
part of the United States of America," &c., were, if
captured, to be restored to the British Crown.
A claim had been given for this ship by Mr. Smith,
describing himself to bo a British subject. It appears
he was a native of Scotland, but that he had been
admitted a* citizen of the United States about sixteen
yeara-before; that he sailed in this vessel as master
from -Charleston, in the United States, to the river
Thames,
Sfr W. .Scott. " The question, therefore, comes to
this—\YJiclher the claimant is, quoad this property,
to be considered a British subject.
'For some purposes he is undoubtedly so to be
considered. He is born in this country, and is sub-
ject to all the obligations imposed upon him by his
nativity. He cannot shake off his allegiance to his
native country, or divest himself altogether of his
British character by a.voluntary transfer of himself
to another country. For the more purposes of trade
ho may, indeed, transfer himself to another State,
and may acquire a new national character.
"It never could be the intention of his majesty's
Government that the benefit of this order should be
extended to a person who has thrown off his alle-
giance and estranged himself from his British char-
acter as far as his own volition and act could do.
"Ship condemned."
Prior to this I had called the attention of
Congress to the subject. I hold in my hand
the original draft of a petition which I presented
through Senator Clay, of Kentucky. It goes
over the question now involved, and is dated
New Haven, January 1-5, 1812. Though writ-
ten over a quarter of a century ago, when I was
at college in that city, it may not be out of
place to print it now as it was written then.
I have before me the Senate Journal of the
second session of the Twenty-Seventh Con-
gress, February 18, 1842, and on page 176
appears the following:
" Mr. Clay presented the memorial of AY. E. Robin-
son, praying that tho rights secured to native citizens
may bo extended to naturalized immigrants from
foreign countries; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations."
The memorial was as follows:
To the honorable, the Senate and Ilome of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled on the first Monday of December, 1841.
The undersigned, a nativo of Ireland and a natu-
ralized citizen of the United States, now resident in
JS'ew Haven, Connecticut, would respectfully ask the
attention of Congress to the situation in which the
naturalized citizens of this Republic would bo placed
by the occurrcnce of a war between this country and
England. Chancellor Kent in his Commentaries on
American law, referring to the natuialized citizen,
says:
"If there should be war between his parent state
and the one to which he has attached himself, he must
not arm himself against the parent state; and if he
be recalled by his native Government he must return,
or incur the pain and pena lties of a contempt,"
Sergeant in his "Constitutional Law," says:
4 Congress has never passed any act regulating the
manner and terms according to which the right of
expatriation shall bo exercised, although several
judges of the Supreme Court ot the United States
have expressed their opinions that such a law is much
wanted. In the few cases that have occurred in tho
courts of the United States in which this impoitant
point has been agitated it seems admitted that Con-
gress has power to determine the mode in which
expatriation may be exercised, but with regard to
the law at present ifc*is not easy to deduce a general
rule Irom the opinions expressed." The law as here
stated by such eminent jurists places a large portion
of our citizens in great danger and difficulty between
this and other countries. Irishmen, particularly,
have given their aliegianco with their hearts to this
country; they beg that tho law which would divide
this homage of their hearts maybe rendered null and
void by an act of Congress. They would not serve
two masters. They are bona fide citizens of this coun-
try; citizens, too, by acts of thesupreme power of the
tetate; and yetourcourtshave never decided that tho
acts ot Congress which tender to them the right to be
naturalized would secure the blessing of permanent
citizenship in this free Republic. No act of Congress,
no decision of our courts, has shaken the power of the
feudal principle of perpetual allegiance—a principle
at war with the spirit of our Revolution, which makes
man the vassal of the lord, and chains him to the
sou on which he was born as the property of his supe-
rior. Such is the still living principle of English com-
mon law, which our courts have strengthened rather
than weakened. In 1795 the judges of tho Supreme
Court of the United States, in the case of Talbot vs.
Janson, appear to have been of the opinion that,
without a special law of Congress, the doctrine of per-
petual allegiance must still prevail. In 1797 Chief
„IV^K'C Ellsworth of this State, in the case of Isaac
Williams, gave his opinion that if the immigrant by
complying with our naturalization laws became em-
barrassed by contracting contradictory obligationsit
was his own folly or his fault. Several dcciyi ns and
opinion?, from that of Chief Justice Ellsworth in 1797
cO that or Mr. Justice Story in 1822, have either avoided
the question or have confirmed the common law doc-
trine.
That England would still assert her power over oui
naturalized citizens hi ease of a war may be seen from
the proclamation issued by George III in 1807, by
which he recalled from foreign scrvice all seamen
and sea-faring men who were natural-born subjects
of Great Britain, and ordered them to withdraw
themselves from such service and return home, on
pain of being proceeded against for a contempt, and
that no naturalization papers would be respected.
If we still owe allegiance to the parent.eountry, why
do our naturalization laws compel us under oath to
renounce it'? Why make laws by an American Con-
gress which an English monarch may and would
trample on? Surely it should not be the opinion of
our courts that it is folly or a fault to do what Amer-
ican law has made right to be done. Surely it is
right to render sure the boon so liberally granted.
England asserts the omnipotence of her own Parlia-
ment, and she must admit that the American Con-
gress can alter or define the course of the common
lawwithregard to American citizens, whothernativo
or adopted. A war may arise between England and-
this country at no distant day. If such should be
the case Irishmen would arm against England, and
would not return home, even if called under fear of
pain and penalties for a contempt. The contempt
would certainly exist. The memory of oppression
(which is all that Ireland owes to England) and the
love for American freedom would nerve every Irish
arm to strike for "liberty at every blow." Mont-
gomery arid o thersons of Ireland fought for this coun-
try of old, and their fellow-countrymen would do so
now, in defiance of threats from a Power which would
grind them in tho dust at home, nor suffer them to
enjoy liberty abroad.
Irishmen know of no such thing as divided alle-
giance to this country; tljey should not be liable to
its consequences. Thoyowe, they acknowledge none
to England. It is bad enough to be born under mis-
government, misery, and rags without owing to them
perpetual allegiance. Convictions under this law
aro usually followed, both in this country and Eng-
land, by pardons. If it dare not exact its penalties
itisnottoo good to be abrogated. Nor should native
citizens of this country, if any should wish to sell
their birthright, bo held to perpetual allegiance. If
no stronger principle than this binds them to her,she
is better without them. Your petitioner knows that
you cannot alter the laws of England, but you can
set the example in repudiating this anti-rcpublican
doctrine. You can Fct your own countrymen free
from its shackles, and thereby show to England and
to all other nations, that you recognize tho principle
that man is his own master and no man's vassal. If
you cannot change the law of England you can deny
its power at least over the naturalized citizens of this
Republic. It would be hard indeed to see Irishman
and other naturalized citizens hazarding their lives
in the Navy and Army of this country, as their incli-
nation and your laws would urge them to do, and
then to see them ^aken prisoners while defending
our stars and stripes, to meet the fate of traitors
under tho sanction of American law. Your peti-
tioner knows that Irishmen will be grateful to you
forpassingsuch alaw as shall secure to them perpet-
ually what they hold dearer than life.theblessingsand
rights of American citizenship. He would, there-
fore, respectfully ask your honorable body to frame
such a law as in your collective wisdom you may
think best calculated to secure the blessings of Amer-
ican liberty, without reversion, to those who are
willing to live or, if need be, to die for their adopted
country; and your petitioner, as in duty and by in-
clination bound, will over pray for glory and pros-
perity to our common country and wisdom to her
statesmen. W. E. ROBINSON.
New Have*, January 15,1812.
This petition I had followed up by similar
petitions from other parties. I beg leave to
refer to the remarks of Air. Clay, on presenting
one of these from the Hibernian Providence
Association, of which I was a member, to the
Senate, on the 29th of March, 1812. They will
be found in the Congressional Globe, second
session Twenty-Seventh Congress, (1841-42,)
page 305, and are as follows:
"Mr. Clay presented a memorial from the New
liaven Hibernian Providence Society. Mr. C. said
the memorial was similar in character to that pre-
sented by him a few weeks ago. The memorialists
represent that by the common law England claims
perpetual aliegianco from all those born on her soil,
and the same law obtains here, as may be seen from
Kent, Story, Sergeant, and other writers on common
law, as well as from various decisions in the courts of
the United States. The petitioners ask the passage
of a law repudiating this odious doctrine. The peti-
tioners feel that it is wrong to make them, by their
naturalization, renounce their allegiance, when the
jurists and the courts of the country say they cannot
shake it off. They hope that Congress will pass a
law declaring that Congress do not recognize tho
doctrine of perpetual allegiance. Mr. C. remarked
tiiat the petitioners aro fearful, in tho event of a war
with England, and in the contingency of any of them
falling into the hands of tho enemy, if the doctrine of
perpetual allegiance hold, it might subject them to
be arraigned and punished for treason, if found in
arms against England. They ask protection against
such an emergency. Mr. C. did not knowthat any
amendment could be made to existing law to give
more protection to them. The only protection that
we could give them against such doctrines would be
such as would be given with the cannon of the coun-
try. Ho asked that tho reading of the petition be
dispensed with, and that it bo reforrcd to the Judi-
eiary Committee.
" Mr. Linn desired to call the attention of the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky to a circumstance
which occurred during the last war, when thirty-
three soldiers of the American Army were made pris-
oners by the British troops, and sentenced to be exe-
cuted, because they were of British origin. A num-
ber pf officers of the British army having been made
prisoners by the American Army would undoubtedly
have been executed in retaliation, and very properly,
had the execution of the soldiers taken place. Peace,
however, very fortunately intervened, and the mat-
ter was allowed to pass off without further notice.
It served, however, as a practical illustration of what
that Government was disposed to do upon the occur-
rence of similar circumstances.
" Mr. Clay said he recollected the incident, and it
suggested certainly one of the modes which might be
employed to vindicate the rights of tho adopted citi-
zens of tho United States. But he (Mr. Clay) did
not believe that, in the event of a war, which ho
hoped might belong averted, the British Government
would venture to act upon the doctrine of perpet-
ual allegiance—a doctrine belonging to an ago gone
by, an exploded doctrine, a doctrine which could not
be maintained in practice. It would be a detestable
course on the part >of Great Britain if she should at-
tempt to enforce it. What had been her policy in
years past? "What was her policy now? It was to
afford every encouragement to emigration, princi-
pally to her own colonies, it was true; but to encour-
age emigration everywhere, she induced her subjects
to leave tho British empire and incorporate them-
selves as members of foreign communities; and if
afterward she was to get hold of thom and punish
them as traitors, it would be an act of treachery on
her part most execrable. He did not approhend that
there would be any particular difficulty in the event
of a war, still the solicitude which the petitioners
severally feel we must all sympathize with, aud if it
bo practicable to add to their security by any legisla-
tion,-he was sure there would be a disposition on all
sides of the Senate to afford furtherprotection. Tho
petiti9n was then referred to the Committee on tho
Judiciary."
Now, you will see that Mr. Clay's remedy
for the difficulty a quarter of a century ago
was American cannon, and as I was then a
Clay Whig, in that doctrine at least, as in most
other respects, I am a Clay Whig still.
I regret, Mr. Speaker, that time will not
allow me to review the services these brave
men, now suffering under British oppression,
have rendered our country in sustaining our flag
against our enemies ; how, through the smoke
of battle and the carnival of death, they rushed
into the very jaws of destruction to preserve
untarnished that flag which they hoped would
protect them throughout the world. Colonel
Nagle, one of these brave fellows, fought in the
army of the Potomac throughout the war, and
in some of the bloodiest battles in which that
army fought he went in with a full complement
of men under his command and came out almost
alone. E'our brothers entered the service of
the Union; two of them died in the service
of the country upon which he now calls for
the vindication of his rights almost in vain.
Two or three more topics I must briefly touch
upon. You will observe that I have not referred
to the case of Koszta, whom Captain Ingrahara
rescued from claims of perpetual allegiance at
the mouth of our cannon in the bay of Smyrna.
Our cases are too strong to be compared with
his. He was not a full citizen, having only
declared his intentions, and had committed
some political crimes before coming to this
country against the country to which he re-
turned. Our cases are all American citizens
and mostofthem American soldiers, fully, some
of them doubly, naturalized by the law and by
the service of their swords, who have committed
no crime on British soil before or since their
emigration; and yet while Koszta was rescued
and ably vindicated, these men fail in obtain-
ing protection or rescue.
In the remarks of one of the prisoners
executed at Manchester day before yesterday
Garibaldi was referred to. The conduct of the
American minister toward that Italian outlaw,
who though claiming American citizen ship never
drew his sword in defense of this country, was
in marked contrast with that of our minister
to England toward these naturalized Amer-
ican citizen soldiers.
And now, sir, what do we demand from our
Government or from England? Nothing that
is unreasonable. I do not claim that natural-
ized American citizens may invade England
and there commit crimes with impunity. What
we do demand may be summed up in three
sentences:
1. No American citizen traveling in Great
