792
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
JVoyember 25,
what it is they report, so that the curiosity of
the House and the country, may be gratified.;
If this be done<itwill answer all purposes tad
be a savingtrf time. I am told that this report
alone will occupy five hourf to read it. 'I think
the public curiosity, and' the curiosity of th'o
House will be satisfied by a substantial states
mentof whatare the'various recommendations
of the committee;' ... " . •*
Mr. WASHBURHB; of Illinois/ Read.- '
Mr. 32LIO'I\ I 'think -mysqlf we ought to
have it read, but gentlemen around me here
say that it-will occupy too much time. If there
is any public bu-sine'ss jJh&t .ought to be trans-
acted to-dfty I will withdraw the call; if not, I
persist in it. -
Mr. MILLER. I insist on the report being
read.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
report for some time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to suspend the
further reading of these reports, and that they
be ordered to be printed. .1 understand it will
take ten hours to read them, and the reading
will be of no good to any one if they take that
long. If any one makes objection, I move to
suspend the rules.
The SPEAKI5R. The Chair understands
from the author of this report that it will take
five hours to read it.
Mr. BINGHAM. There is another report
to be read. I appeal to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Miller] to withdraw his
demaud for the reading, so that these Teports
may be ordered to be printed, and not delay
the public business with this useless reading.
Mr. MILLER. I withdraw the demand.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I suggest that the
summary and resolutions of the several reports
be read.
Mr. BINGHAM.' There is no objection to
that.
The Clerk read accordingly, concluding with
the following resolution :
Regained, That Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, be impeached of high crimes and mis-
demeanors.
[Applause and hisses in the galleries and
upon the floor.]
The SPEAKER. Any person in the gal-
leries manifesting applause or hissing will be
removed from the gallery by order of the
Speaker, who is determined to maintain the
order and decorum of ttiis Hall, if possible ;
and the Doorkeeper will direct his deputies to
remove any person manifesting applause or
dissent in regard to the proceedings of this
House. As both sides were guilty, the Chair
thinks it a proper time to state that fact.
"Mr. BOUTWELL. I ask that the consid-
eration of this resolution shall be postponed
until Wednesday of next week after the morn-
ing hour, and from day to day till disposed of.
I move also that the report be printed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I
desire to present in behalf of myself and my
colleague 011 the committee, the honorable
member from Vermont, [Mr. Woodbridge,] a
minority report. I will not consume anytime,
sir, in making a statement with reference to
it. I will barely state the conclusions at- which
we have arrived; which are that we declare that
the case before us presented by the testimony
and measured by the law does not disclose
such high crimes and misdemeanors within
the meaning of the Constitution as requires
the interposition of the constitutional power
of this House, and recommend the adoption
ot the following resolution :
Ilesolved, That the Committeo on the Judiciary be
discharged from the further consideration of the pro-
posed impeachment of the President of the United
States, and that the subject be laid upon the table.
This is signed by the name of the gentleman
from Vermont and my own. I ask that it be
laid upon the table and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, onbehalf
of myself and the honorable member fr<5m Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldiudoe] of the Judiciary Com-
mitteo, I am authorized to say that we fully
concur, in the resolution just offered by the
chairman of the committee, and that in the
i&ain we entirety concur iff the argument* jpre-
sented by the" chairman in regard ts the law
governing thfe ease and the application of the
evidence thereto. .Bat an some points-there
are inattefs-ef diStefenc.e between ourselves and
associates of %h«:minority of the committee,
and!on jpxet of myself and thegentleman from
Wiscoiisiifof -the' Judfciary 'Committee, I ask
to introduce and have/printed separate yiews.
As I ItgW'shid,'..-we"concur in the resolution
offered-by fehre"ihairmaii.'
The'SPEAKER. Tte motion to lay a'pbti
the feble will be reserved, as' otherwise it must
be at bn'Ce aet^d on. "' -
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. My purpose is to
offer it before the final vote. ' '
- Mr.' BOUTWELL. If it be "proper to do it,
I will modify my motion so as to embrace a-11
the reports—the majority and the two minority
reports. I move that they be printed together,
and that the whole subject be postponed until
next Wednesday week, after the morning hour,
ami made the special order from day to day
till disposed ;6f.
The motion, as modified, was agreed to.
investigating committees.
Mr. WASHBURNE,, .df Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Clerk and the Sergeant-at-Arms
of the House bo directed to furnish to the House a
list of the several investigating committees now ant-
ing under the authority of the House; and also a list
of the regular committees of the House authorized to
summon witnesses and take testimony, togother with
a statement of the number of clerks, agents, and em-
ployes of each committee, the authority under which
they are employed and paid, and at what rate of
compensation; and further, to furnish a full state-
ment of all the expenses of all the investigations of
the said committees, and all the items thereof, and
out of what fund said oxpenses have been paid-
Mr.' WASHBTJRNE, of Illinois, moved^ to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was adopted; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The letter motion was agreed to.
EFFECT OF IMPEACHMENT.
, Mr. EELSEY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill declaring the effect of an impeach-
ment by the House of Representatives of the
President or Vice President or any of the civil
officers of the United States; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BROOKS. What position does that
put it on the Calendar?
The SPEAKER. It is not on the Calendar;
it is only referred to the committee.
Mr. B LAINE. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred : and also move
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. KELSEY. I hope the motion to lay
on the table will not pass.
Mr. BLAINE. My object is to keep the
bill from being brought back into the House by
a motion to reconsider.
The motion to lay on the table the motion
to reconsider was agreed to.
building ships of wak.
Mr. PIKE, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution:
Resolved, That in the judgment of this House it is
unnecessary to proceed further at present in build-
ing or equipping ships of war.
Mr. PIKE. I ask to have it referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
that resolution will be put on its passage.
Mr. ELIOT. I object to its passage, but not
to its reference.
Mr. PIKE. ' I move to suspend the rules for
the purpose of considering the resolution now.
The motion to suspend the rules was agreed
to—ayes 81, noes 40.
Mr. PIKE. I demand the previous question
on the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ELIOT and Mr. SPALDING demanded
the yeas and -nays;
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. SPALDING asked for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
fellers were refused.
The resolution was then referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affeirs.
; -' POBCHASE OF TERRITORY.
Mr. WASHBURN, of, Wisconsin,,by unani-
mous consent, offered the following resolution:
Rmofaed, That in the: present financial condition of
the country any further purchases of territory are
inexpedient, and this JJo.use will hold itself under no
obligation' to vote money to pay for any such pur-
chase unless there is greater present necessity for the
same than now exists.
Mr. BANKS. I object.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
to suspend the rules, and on that motion I
demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. -
Mr; BANKS. For the information of the
House, I.Would.like the gentleman from Wis-
consin'to, slate what he understands by the
word " farther."- I do not think it implies
what he. has .stated to me as his intention.
- M>r. - WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Mr.
Speaker, I do not-intend that resolution to apply
to the purchase of Walrussia. That is some-
thing that has already transpired, and it may be
that this House will feel itself under obligation
to sanction what has been done there. I cer-
tainly shall never feel under such obligation.
But it is rumored in the papers—whether it is
true or not I cannot say—that the Secretary of
State has been making another purchase with-
out consulting with any one, in the absence of
any public sentiment requiring it, or of any
demand from any quarter. I intend that that
action shall be covered by the resolution. I
intend to serve notice upon the kingflom of
Denmark that this House will not pay for that
purchase ; and I mean to serve notice upon the
world that we will pay for no purchase that the
Secretary of State, on his own motion, may see
proper to make—that- no pureha'se will be
sanctioned that is not demanded by the public
sentiment and the best interest of the country.
That is what I mean by the resolution. It does
not, as I understand, commit any one concern-
ing Walrussia. Upon that subject I will have
something to say at some future time.
Mr. BANKS. If the gentleman from Wis-
consin will allow me one word, I will say that
the resolution does not accomplish the purpose
he intends. It does not and cannot prevent
the House voting any appropriation of this
kind that it may choose hereafter, and it im-
plies what it ought not to imply—that if terri-
tory should be parchased by the executive
department, and the purchase be confirmed by
treaty and approved by the Senate, this House
would be obliged to make the appropriation,
which I do not admit; certainly if this resolu-
tion fails to pass it will at least imply that, and
if it pass it will not bind the House in any way
whatever. I trust that the rules will not be
suspended.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. This is
a declaration of the opinion of this House; it
is serving notice upon the world. I offer it in
that view, and I want to see who is willing to
vote against it. $
The question was taken on the motion to
suspend the rules ; and there were—yeas 93,
nays 43, not Toting 45 j as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, ArneH, Pelos
R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Bcaraan, Den-
ton, Blaine, Boutwell, Bromwell, Brooks, Broomall,
Buckland, Butler, Cake, Chanler, Churchil], Reader
W.Clarke,Sidney Clarke, Coburn. Cook, Covodo, C'ul-
]om, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eokley, Ela, Farn?-
worth,Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Gravely, Haight,Ha Uoy,
Hamilton, Harding, Hill. Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Ches-
ter D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jndd,
Julian,Kelley,Kelsey, George V.Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, Mili-
tary, McCarthy, McClurg, Mercur, Moore, Morgan,
Morrcll, Myers, Newcomb, Nunn, CHN-eiH, Pr.me,
Perham, Peters* Pike, Pile, Polsley, Price, Sawyer,
Shanks, Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens, Stokes,
Taylor, Trimble, Trowbridge, TwicheTl, Van Aem.tm,
Van Trump, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Fhhu
B. Washburne,Henry D. Washburn, W elkor, Thomas
Williams, William Williams, James F. Wilson, and
John T. Wilson—93.
NAYS—Mtessrs. AxteH, Banks, Barnes, Bir^bjuT
