794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
November 26,
bills int&oducejd.
Mr. MORGAN asked, and lpy nnanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 144) granting the right, of way .through;
the lands of the United States a,t West Point,
to :the Hxdson Ri^r West Shore, Railroad,
Company," which was read twicc by;iis title/,
and referred, to th^ Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia. ■ ■
Mr. CONKLING. I present a memorial of
citizens .of the city of New York, -members of
the Union League Club, asking the action of
Congress to. prevent the muster out of the vol-
unteer service of the United States of Major
General Daniel E. Sickles. Accompanying the
memorial is a bill, which I ask leave to introduce
and have referred, with the memorial, to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 145) to continue
Major Generals Howard and Sickles in the
military service of the United States; which
was read twice by its title, and, with the memo-
rial, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
assistant attorney general. .
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
146) to provide for the appointment of the
Assistant Attorney .General; which was read
twice'by its title.
Mr. WILSON. I am not clear that there
ought to be an Assistant Attorney General,
and I am very much of the opinion that assist-
ants in several other Departments are unneces-
sary. I can hardly see why one should be needed
in the Navy Department, one in the Interior
Department, and two in the Treasury Depart-
ment. There is none in the War Department.
I would very wil-lingly vote to dispense with
them all. But if we arc to have an Assistant
Attorney General I wish to have him confirmed
by the Senate of the United States. I do not
think there should be an Assistant Attorney
General unless he passes before this body. The
country has been disgraced by a person filling
that office during the past few months, by opin-
ions that have been slanderous and libelous
upon the men of the country. I think, if we
are to have an Assistant Attorney General,
that he should at least be a person sent to the
Senate of the United States for confirmation.
This bill proposes that the Assistant Attorney
General shall be appointed by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate. I move its
reference to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
removal 01' mr. motley.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by nnanimous
consent, and agreed to:
llesolvecl, That the President of the United States
bo requested to communicate to the Senate, if in his
opinion not incompatible with the public interests,
any correspondence with Mr. Motley, lato minister
of the United States at Vienna, or with the Austrian
Government, not heretofore communicated, espe-
cially so far as the same relates to the removal of Mr.
Motley from his post.
messengers and pages.
Mr. NYE. I should like to call up for con-
sideration the resolution that I had the honor
to introduce yesterday, with a view of amend-
ing it and passing it now.
The motion was_agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the resolution
for the payment of the salaries now due the
special messengers and pages retained during
the recess of the Senate.
Mr. NYE. At the request of the Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Camjsron] I move to
insert "clerks of committees."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be so modified at the request of the
mover. It will be read as amended.
The Secretary read as follows:
Itcsolved, That the Secretary of tho Senate bo, and
lie is hereby, authorized to pay the salaries now due
to the clerks of committees and special messengers
and pages retained during the recess by special reso-
lution out of the contingent fund of tho Senate or
any fund not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. DIXON.. I call the attention of.the
Chair to the thirty-fourth rule, which requires
that resolutions of that character shall be
referred to the Committee to Audit and Con-
trol the Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
I think the rule is positive with regard to it.
; ->Tlie PRESIDENT pro tempore. < That is
very true; but the Senate can by unanimous
.consent'dispense with that, I suppose, and that"
was done.'
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; there has
been no rule dispensed with; The resolution
was merely called up for action.
Mr. NYE. ' So far as a portion of that reso-
lution is concerned, I will state that a resolu-
tion was passed on the last day of the session
in July authorizing the Sergeant-at-Arms to
retain the pages and special messengers during
the recess of the Senate. I suppose that by
tho passage of the resolution the Senate
intended they should be paid, and be paid the
same as during the existence of tho session.
Mr. GRIMES. Have you got that resolu-
tion of the last session ?
Mr. NYE. No, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
the Clerk read that resolution.
Mr. NYE. It seems that the Secretary of
the Senate did not feel authorized to pay them
from any fund, as the fund for that purpose
was exhausted, and this resolution is to au-
thorize him to pay from another fund what
these pages and messengers have earned. So
far as the clerks of committees are concerned,
I introduced that amendment at the request of
the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cam-
eron,] who is absent necessarily to-day, and
who asked me to offer that as an amendment,
which I promised to do. There has been no
objection, I think, to the payment of these pages
and messengers. The per diem or rate of pay-
ment, I suppose, is fixed by a rule of the Sen-
ate. If it is thought necessary to have the
resolution referred I have no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that would be
better.
Mr. NYE. The standard of payment is well
established for these poor boys, and they have
not got their pay, and are suffering for the
want of it.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. If we passed a resolu-
tion of the kind stated by the Senator from
Nevada I have no sort of objection to passing
any resolution that may be necessary to pay
those employed under itj but I am certainly
opposed to going further and letting in others
whose employment was not authorized; and as
there is no immediate hurry about the matter,
I think it had better be referred to the Com-
mittee on Contingent Expenses.' I am a little
doubtful about our authority to designate pay-
ment out of the particular fund indicated.
That ought to be looked into. Can it be done
by order of the Senate, so as to enable the
Secretary to pass his accounts? That question
had better be settled.
Mr. NYE. 1 have no objection to the refer-
ence, but I hope action will not be delayed
long, because these boys need the money very
much.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A few days will not make
much difference; wc shall continue in session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there a
motion to refer the resolution ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that it be re-
ferred to the Committee to Audit and Control
the Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
CLOSE! OF THE SESSION.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer the following resolu-
tion for adoption:
Mesolvedbv the Senate., (theHouse of Representatives
concurring,) That the President of the Senate and
the Speaker of the House do adjourn their respective
Houses without day on Monday, the 2d of December
next, at half past eleven o'clock a. m.
Mr. SUMNER. Iwould suggest "attwelve
o'clock."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
the resolution ? The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not wish to object to
its consideration, but I have a serious ques-
tion whether we should leave even the break
of half_ an hour between the two sessions.
The point in my mind is just this: will you'
leave to the President of the United States
one half hour within which he may take
advantage of the absence of Congress, and
issue commissions which would then run per-
haps—-I dp not undertake to decide the point
now, but which I say might run then to the
last day of the next session of the Senate.
That may be mid-summer . or autumn ; we
may not leave here before autumn. I take it
that an appointment made during that interim
of half an hour might possibly be valid to the
last day of the next session of Congress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But the law takes no
notice of parts of a day.
Mr..SUMNER. Why open the question?
That is a technicality.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not think the question
is worth having a debate about, and I am con-
tent that any amendment should be made to
the resolution which the Senator from Massa-
chusetts chooses to suggest.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not say " twelve
o'clock?"
Mr. GRIMES. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Iowa so modify the resolution?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr, SHERMAN. I cannot see any object
in passing this concurrent resolution. The
Constitution provides that the regular session
of Congress shall be on the first Monday of
December, and according to law, I believe—or
at any rate such is the usage—the hour for meet-
ing on that day is twelve o'clock. We shall meet
at that time in a new session. The recent law
has not changed that regular time of meeting,
and the result is that the next session of Con-
gress will commence necessarily at noon on
Monday. Why not allow the two sessions to
merge? Why not have this session go on and
expire by the necessary-limitation fixed bylaw
and the Constitution? I think that would be
better. I do not see any object to be gained
by passing a resolution for adjournment sine
die. I would vote with pleasure for a recess
until Monday at half past eleven o'clock, and
let one session blend with the other. I see no
objection to that course, while the passage of a
resolution for an adjournment sine die may raise •
questions which we shall have to meet here-
after. I have not examined the question, nor
thought about it, but I have supposed that by
a recess or some process of that kind, this ses-
sion would be continued till Monday and term-
inate at the beginning of the other without a
formal vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It strikes me that there
should be, in accordance with universal usage,
(though to be sure'this is rather an exceptional
case,) a joint resolution fixing the time when
this session shall terminate. I am perfectly,
agreed that it is not advisable perhaps to have
any very appreciable interval of time, or any
very considerable time, at any rate, between
the termination of this session and the com-
mencement of the next regular session. Still
I think that there should be an appreciable
distinction, and that we should fix the time of
adjournment and adjourn accordingly. I have
no very fixed opinion in relation to the matter
that I am not willing to give up to the opinion
of others if they choose to take the responsi-
bility. I see no objection to fixing the time
at five minutes before twelve o'clock, if you
please, so as to have some little interregnum
or interval between the expiration of one ses-
sion of Congress and the commencement of
another. This is the idea I have entertained
and expressed to several gentlemen in conver-
sation on the subject, and my own opinion is
that it would be better, because in accordance
with usage. I do not think that five minutes
would be a time within which any very great
harm could be done. It is with reference rather
to the record and to keeping things in order on
the record that I suggest that it would be well
