796
THE C0NGEBSSIOKAL GLOBE.
November 26,
present arrangements must continue ia a poisonous
condition: , , . . ,
lieaolved, That a committee of three be appointed
to examinc at once and reptn;t to this Hotfseby what
means-a sciffioientsupply ofpure&frnmy be ^obtained
for said Hall; and tbaksaid committee be empowered
to use the present modes of ventilation to the 'best
advantage for the present, -aad that they report by
bill or otherwise. , - - v *
Mr. PRUYN. I hope' that this resolution
will be -ado'pted-i ' We ought,'if possible, to
take £ome action on-this Subject.
Mr. BANKS. I wista'the gefrtleflaan "Who
proposes - this resolution would include in it
an inquiry what changes are necessary in the
Hall to adapt it to the purposes of legislation,
making a general inquiry, instead of a particu-
lar inquiry, in regard to the atmosphere.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to amend the
resolution by striking out "a committee of
three," and'inserting the Gofrimittee On Pub-
lic Buildings'and Grounds."
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman fiom
Illinois [Mr. Bromwell] accept that amend-
ment?
Mr. BROMWELL. No, sir.
The amendment was adopted; there being,
on a division—ayes 54, noes 38.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
LA FAYETTE 0. BAKER.
Mr. WILSON', of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise
to a question of privilege. It will be remem-
bered that on the last day of the July session
a resolution was passed directing' the Sergeant-
at-Arms to take into custody La Fayette C.
Baker, who was subpoenaed as a witness before
the Judiciary Committee and failed to appear.
I am directed by the committee to state that
since that time he has appeared and testified,
and they do not consider the case of sufficient
importance to ask further action on the part
of the House. I move, therefore, that he be
discharged from the custody of the Sergeant-at-
Arms on payment of costs.
The motion was agreed to.
KENTUCKY CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House papers
in the Kentucky contested-election case of
McKee vs. Young; which were referred to the
Committee of Elections.
DELEGATE FROM NEW MEXICO.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
papers pertaining to the seat of Delegate to the
Fortieth Congress; which were referred to the
Committee of Elections.
TAX ON COTTON.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a memorial from the constitutional convention
of Alabama, asking that the tax on cotton be
repealed to operate back to the 1st of Septem-
ber; which was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
CALL OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order
ofbusinesswas the call of committees for reports.
STEPHEN F. CAMERON.
Mr. BOUTWELL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, made an adverse report on the
case of Stephen P. Cameron ; and the same was
laid on the table.
The call of the committees being concluded,
the Speaker then proceeded, as the next busi-
ness in order, to call the States for resolutions
beginning with the State of Maine.
CUSTOMS, FINES, AND FORFEITURES.
Mr. ELIOT offered the following resolution :
Ilc/solved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire what legislation, if any, is neces-
sary concerning the act of March 2,1887, entitled "An
act to regulate the disposition of fines, penalties, and
forfeitures incurred under the laws relating to cus-
toms, and for other purposes," and report by bill or
otherwise.
Mr. CHANLER. I hope the gentleman
from Massachusetts will explain that resolu-
tion. I did not hear it very well.
The SPEAKER. If the resolution gives
rise to debate, it must lie over one day uudcr
the rule.
Mr. ELIOT: It is-ohly a resolution instruct-
ing the committee to make an inquiry.
, The SPEAKER. If, the resolution gives
rise to debate it must lie over one day under
the rule, unless, by unanimous consent, the
rule is- waived. If there be no objection, the
geijtle'man from Massachusetts-will explain-tbe
resolution.
No objeetion was.&ftde. .
Mr. E-LIOT>. I understand that the objection
to the resolution is not insisted on.
-Mr. .'ROSS,.' I; hope,it will be read again.
" The resolution was Again read.
•Mr. ELIOT. I move the previous question
on the ;resolutiOn.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera- -
tiOn thereof the- resolution was adopted.
■MSTILLEilY METERS.
Mr. MUNGfiN, I offer the following reso-
lution :
Be it resolved by the Bouse 0/ Representatives of the
United Status, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, requested to inform this House
whether under the provisions of seotion fifteen ot the
act Qf March 2,"18'67, entitled "An act to fnpeud the
existing lp,w$ Tola,tin2 to internal revenue, and for
other piirjioseV'.he has adopted or p4-esci<ibed any
mpter or ujeters to be attached to stills .used tor dis-
tilling spiiits; if so, to coumfiunicate such informa-
tion as may be in possession of his 'Department, rela-
tive to tho practical workingofsuch meter or meters,
and tho offeCt thereof upon distillers anddistilling
and tho collection of the tax on distilled spirits.
The _ SPEAKER. This being a call-for
executive information it requires unanimous
consent for its consideration to-day.
No objection being made, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
TAXES ON COTTON, ETC.
Mr. KELLEY. I offer the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That tho welfare of tho people and the
maintenance of the faith and credit ot the Govern-
ment rcquiro tho repeal of the taxes imposed by ex-
isting laws on cotton and the productions of manu-
facturing and mechanical industry except distilled
spirits, malt liquors, and tho productions of tobacco.
Mr. WASHBURNE of Illinois. I move
that that resolution be referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
The motion was agreed to.
ADMIRAL GOLDSBOROUGH.
Mr. SCHENCK: I offer the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be di-
rected to inform this IIouso whether Louis M. Golds-
borough was, while a midshipman in the Navy, ap-
pointed to an acting lieutenancy therein; and if so,
when, where, and by whom he was so appointed, and
how long he served in that capacity; and whether
I10 received a lieutenant's pay during the period of
his acting lieutenancy; and whether, when ne was so
appointed, there was on board the same vessel with
him any midshipman the date of whose appointment
or warrant as such was junior to his, but whoso
period of actual servico was longer than said Golds-
borough's had then been; and whether, when the
question of said Goldsborough's right to be retained
on the active list of the Navy as rear admiral was
submitted to the President and Cabinet as stated in
tho letter of said Secretary to said Goldsborough,
dated June 18, 1867, and heretofore communicated
to this House, the fact was known and communi-
cated to the President and Cabinet that said Golds-
borough had while a midshipman been appointed to
an acting lieutenancy; and that the said Scerctary
be further directed to transmit to this House copies
of all official entries, documents, or letters in his De-
partment having reference to said Goldsborough's
appointment as an acting lieutenant.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for
executive information, it requires unanimous
consent for its consideration to-day.
Mr. CHANLER. I do not object; but this
seems to be a personal matter. Will the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
give some reason for making this call ?
Mr. SCHENCK. The Secretary of the Navy
lias been overruled by a decision of the Cabinet
in respect to the right of Admiral Goldsborough
to remain upon the active list, and a good deal
of information came to the House upon that
subject, presenting the views upon tho one side
and upon the other of the question, upon a call
made at the last session, but some other cor-
respondence and facts are supposed to exist in
the Navy Department throwing light upon the
question, and I propose to call for further
information that the whole may go together to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
N,o objection being made, the resolution was
considered and agreed'.to.
,PARDON OF COUNTERFEITERS, ETC.
Mr. SCHENCK- I'ask unanimous Consent
J,0 submit the following resolution calling for
executive information:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested, if in his,opinion not incompatible with
the public interest, to'commuiiicate to this House a
per . _ . - .
i&tfkiiig or passing counterfeit money, or' -having
counterfeit money, or tools or instruments for making
the same in his or their possession, or charged with or
convicted of the crime of forging or criminally alter-
ing paiVers, accounts, or-other documents, or of the
erime of perjury; and that such list bo accompanied
by,a particular statement in each case;of the reasons
or -grounds of the pardon, with a disclosure of the
names of the persons, if any, who recommended or
advised the sajpe.
No objection was made to the reception of
the resolutions, and it was adopted.
EQUALIZATION OF TAXATION.
Mr. PIKE submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resohed, That the Committee of "Ways and Means
be directed to inquire into tho oxpedieney of equal-
izing taxation,: in part as follows; first, taxing tho
bonds of the CCpited States one per cent, pet- annum,
the tax to be assessed and collected by the officers of
the internal revenue department; ■second, by author-
izing the Secretary of tho Treasury to issue bonds
subject to State and municipal taxation and not sub-
ject to congressional taxation, and exchangeable for
any bonds now outstanding, at the pleasui-e of the
holders; third, by providing that the'tax paid by the
national banks, except so much as is necessary to pay
the outlay on their account by the Government, shall
be paid to tho treasurers of the States in which tho
banks are located, and applied by them to tho debts
of those States.
REGISTRY OF VESSELS;
Mr. SPALDING introduced a bill granting
registers to the bark Thermutis and schooners
Etowah and Wirrillite, of Cleveland, Ohio ;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
JURISDICTION OF COURT OF CLAIMS, ETC.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania, intro-
duced a bill supplementary to an act entitled
"An act to declare the sense of an act entitled
' An act to restrict the jurisdiction of the Court
of Claims, and to provide for the payment of
certain demands for quartermasters' stores and
subsistence supplies fqrnished.to the armies of
the United States " which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
AMENDMENT OF HOMESTEAD LAW.
Mr. JULIAN submitted the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the oxpedieney of so
amending the homestead law of 1862 as to prohibit
the further sale of the public lands of tho United
States except upon conditions requiring their settle-
ment and improvement.
WITHDRAWAL OF NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. ROSS. I offer the following resolution,
on which I demand the previous question :
Resolved, That the Committee on Banking and
Currency be, and they are hereby, instructed to re-
port at an early day a bill providing for withdraw-
ing from circulation the national currency, and to
supply the place with Treasury notes, usually known
as "greenbacks."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that this res-
olution be referred to the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
seconding the' demand for the previous ques-
tion. If the previous question should not be
seconded the motion to refer will be in order.
^ Mr. SPALDING. I move that the resolu-
tion be laid on the table, unless the gentleman,
from Illinois [Mr. Ross] will consent to mod-
ify it so as to make it simply a resolution of
inquiry.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suggest that we
