1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•797
had better refuse to second the previous ques-
tion, and then refer the resolution.
Mr. ROSS. I think we had better adopt the
resolution at once.
_ Mr. SPALDING. In view of the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Farxsworth] I withdraw my motion to lay
on the table.
On the question of seconding the demand
for the previous questjo# there were—ayes 19,
noes 82. • J
Mr. ROSS. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to refer the
resolution to the Committee on Banking and
Currency.
^Mr. ROSS. I move that the resolution be
laid on the table, and on that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were—
ayes 16, noes 95.
Mr. RANDALL. Icall for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ross and
Fakxsworth v.-ere appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes twenty-six, noes not counted.!
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I believe the reso-
lution refers to "nationalcurrency," not bank
currency.
Mr. ROSS. If there is no objection, I will
modify my resolution so as to read "national
bank currency,'' instead of "'national cur-
rency." The meaning, as I understand, is the
same. - . ,
The SPEAKER. As the previous question
is not operating, the gentleman has the right to
modify his resolution; and it will be modified
accordingly.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Ross that the resolution be laid on the table;
and it was decided in the negative—yeas 52,
nays 101, not voting 28; as follovvs:
YEAS-—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashiey, Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Bing-
ham, Blaine, Blair, Boutwell, Cromwell, Broomall,
Churchii], Covode, Dawes, Ihiggs, Eckley, Eliot,
Garfield, Halsey, Hooper, Hotchkiss. Hulburd, Ket-
charn, Laflm, George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Lynch,
Marvin, Milier, Morrell, O'Neill, Per ham, Plants,
Poland, Pomeroy, Price, Sawyer, Sitgroovcs, Smith,
Spalding. Starkweather, Trowbridge, Twichell, Ward,
Cadwaladcr C. Washburn, ElihuB. Washburne, Wil-
liam B.Washburn, James]*'. Wilson, JohnX. Wilson,
and Woodbridge—■ -2.
X A Y S—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Anderson, Archer,
Axtell. Baker, Barnes, Benton, Boyer, Brooks, Buck-
land, Burr, Butler, Cary, Chanler, Reader "W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Oobl), Coburn, Cook, Culiom, Dodge,
Donnelly, Eggleston, Eldridge, i'arnsworth, Ferriss,
Ferry, Fields, Getz, Glossbrenner, Haight, Hamilton,
Harding, Hawkins, Hill, Iligby, Hopkins, AsahclW.
Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Richard li. Hubbard,
Hunter, Ingersoll, Johnson, Judd, Julian, Kelley,
Keiscy,_ Kerr, William Lawrence, Loan, Logan,
Loughridge, Ma-llory, Marshall, Maynard, McCarthy,
McClurg, JIcGullough, Mercur, Moore, Morgan, Mul-
lins, Mungen, Myers, jNeweomb, Niblack, Nicholson,
Nunn, Orth, Paine, Peters, Pike, X^ile, Poisley,Pruyn,
Kandall, Robinson, Ross, Schenck, Shanks, Sheila-
barger, Aaron F. Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Taber,
Taylor,Thomas, Trimble. Upson. Van Acrnam, Van
Auken, Robert T. Van Hon, Van Trump, Henry
D. Washburn, Welkor. Thomas Williams, William
Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, Wmdom, and Wood-
ward—101.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Barnum, Benjamin, Cake,
Cornell, Dixon, Ela, Finney, Fox, Gravely, Griswold,
Holman, Humphrey, Jcnckes, Kitchen.Koontz.Moor-
liead, Morrissey, Phelps, itaurn. Robertson, Scofield,
Selyc, ThaddeusStevens, Stone, Taffe, BurtVanllorn,
Van Wyck, and Wood—28.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
on the table.
During the vote,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, stated that,
as he understood the resolution was mandatory,
he would vote in the affirmative to lay it on the
table.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. ROSS. I demand the previous question
on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois to strike out "instructed"
and insert " requested."
Mr. ROSS. I do not think it amounts to
anything in that way. I want the committee
instructed.
. Mr. RANDALL. After the decided vote
tp-day, I think the committee would consider
that they must act promptly.
Mr. PIKE. I rise to a question of order.
If the call for the previous question be not
seconded, will it not then be in order to refer
the resolution to the committee?
The SPEAKER. That will be the first
question, the motion to refer being now pend-
ing.
Mr. ROSS. If I have the authority, at the
request of several members, I strike out the
word "instructed," and in lieu thereof insert
"requested." I renew the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to make a further
modification. I do not see that there is any
difference between "requested" and "in-
structed." I ask him to modify it so that the
committee will be instructed to inquire into
the expediency of substituting, &c.
Mr. ROSS. I do not accede to that.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope no change will
be made in the resolution. I hope the com-
mittee will not be requested, but instructed. It
is the duty of the committee to act under the in-
struction of the House when the House deems it
necessary to instruct.
Mr. ROSS. That is my idea.
The SPEAKER. It is for the House to
request or instruct.
Mr. LYNOH. If we referthe resolution, that
does noit commit the House for or against it ?
The SPEAKER. It does not.
Mr. ROSS. If we refer the resolution, then,
it will really be a vote against the resolution.
The SPEAKER. ~ It leaves the whole mat-
ter to the committee for its investigation and
report.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was referred to
the Committee on Banking and Currency.
PRINTING OJ TESTIMONY.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I submit
the following resolution, and demand the pre-
vious question :
JResolved, That the Committee on the Rules be di-
rected to inquire into tho expediency of providing
by a rule of the House that no testimony taken by any
committees of this House shall be printed until the
same shall be referred to the Committee on Printing,
and they shall report thereon whether the printing
of such testimony is called for by any public necessity.
Mr. ROSS. I ask my colleague to consent
to the addition to his resolution that all the
select committees which have been appointed
bhall be discharged. I refer to the roving com-
mittees that we have had.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would not rule
that to be germane to the resolution.
Mr. ROSS. I know my colleague is in favor
of the principle of discharging these roving com-
ID 1
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am. I
have been on one of them myself, and so has
my colleague.
Mr. DAWES. Allow mo to make a sugges-
tion. I am in favor of the principle of the rule,
but its broad application, I think, will embar-
rass some of the committees. For instance,
the committee of which I am a member 
Mr. WASHBUBNB, of Illinois. I demand
the previous question. I have no objection to
hear my friend from Massachusetts, but it is
only a resolution of inquiry, and goes to the
Committee on the Rules. If the gentleman will
permit me, I will say that it is only in the
interest of endeavoring to save something in
this printing. We have been printing the
greatest amount of trash which no one looks
into, and it costs a vast amount of money. I
do not think it ought to be printed, as a gen-
eral principle, until some committee has passed
on it.
Mr. LOGi-AM". I ask whether the committee
that investigates and takes evidence is not as
well qualified to judge as to its printing as the
Committee on Printing?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object
to debate.
Mr. DAWES. So do I.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
RAILROAD LAND GRANTS.
# Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. laskmmn-
iraous consent to offer another resolution, to
which I think there will be no objection:
Resolved, That in the present financial condition
of the country it is the judgment of this House that
there should be no further appropriation of public
lands to States or corporations for the purpose of
building railroads; and that all such lands should bo
held for private sale, and actual settlers, or for home-
steads.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNEj of Illinois. I move to
suspend the rules,
Mr. MAYNARD. Would it be in order to
ask the gentleman from Illinois to state how
many millions of acres have beel* appropriated
for building railroads in his State ? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent. The motion to suspend the rules is not
debatable.
The question was put, and the Speaker an-
nounced that two thirds had not voted in the
affirmative.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and (two thirdsnot
voting in favor thereof) it was decided in the
negative—yeas 70, nays 66, not voting 45 ; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Axtell, Baker, Bald-
win, Benton, Bingham, Bluir, Broomall, Bucldand,
Cary, Chanler, Churchill. Reader W. Clarke, Coburn,
Cook, Culiom, Dawes, Eckley, Eggleston, Ela.Farns-
worth, Ferriss, Ferry,Fields,Getz, Glossbrenner, Ham-
ilton, Harding, Hill, Hulburd, Hunter, Judd, Julian,
Keteham, Laflm, GeorgeV. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Logan, Loughridge, Marshall, Marvin, McCar-
thy, McCullough. Mercur,Miller. Moore, Orth, Fame,
Pike,Pomeroy, Price, Randall, Ross, Shanks, Shella-
barger, Spalding, Starkweather, Stewart, Taber, Tay-
lor, Van Trump, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Elihu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn, Thomas
Williams, William Williams, John T. Wilson, and
Stephen F. Wilson—-70.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Arnell, James M. Ashley,
Banks, Barnes, Beaman. Blaine, Boutwell. Bnyer,
Bromwell, Brooks. Burr, Butler, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Covode, Bodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eldridge, Haight,
Halsey, Higby, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, ChosterD. Hub-
bard, Richard D. Hubbard, Insrcrsoll, Johnson, Loan,
Lynch, Mallory, Maynard, McClurg, Morrell, Mul-
lins, Mungen, Myers, Neweomb, Niblack, Nicholson,
Nunn, O'Neill, Perham, Peters, Pile, Plants, Polsley,
Pruyn, Robinson, Sawyer, Schenck, Smith, Stokes,
Thomas, Trimble, Trowbridge. Twichell, Upson, Van
Aernatn, Van Auken, Henry £). Washburn, Welker,
Windom. Woodbridge, and. Woodward—66.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos
R.Ashley, Barnum, Benjamin, Cake, Cornell, Dixon,
Eliot, Finney, Fox, Garfield, Gravely, Griswold,
Hawkins, Holman, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Humphrey, Jenckes, Kelley, Kelsey, Kerr, Kitchen,
Koontz, Lincoln, Moorhead, Morgan, Morrissey,
Phelps, Poland, Raurn, Robertson, Scofield, Sels'e,
Sitgreaves, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stone, Taffe, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn,
Van Wyck, James F. Wilson, and .Wood—45.
So (two thirds not having voted in the affirm-
ative) the rules were not suspended.
CURRENCY, TAXATION, AND RBVEXUE.
Mr. BAKER offered the following resolution,
and demanded the previous question thereon:
Resolved, 1. That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of so changing tho law as to arrest contraction of
the currency.
2. That said committee be instructed to inquire into
the expediency ol'reducing the tax on distilled spirits,
and to inquiie whether a more efficient and econom-
ical means may not be devised for the collection of
said tax.
3. That said committee be instructed to inquire
into the expediency of repealing tho tax on cotton.
4. Thatsaidcommittee be instructed to inquire into
theexpediencyof adopting as a criterion of the meas-
ure of taxation a scale of revenue whieli will yield a
sum, taken in connection with the sum now in the
Treasury, sufficient, and only sufficient, to p&ythe
expenses of the Government and the interest Jp the
public debt durmg the current and next succeeding
fiscal year.
5. That said committee he instructed to inquire into
the expediency of adopting as principles of taxation,
first, the levyingof taxes on the smallest practicable
number of articles or sources of revenue; second, the
imposition of the lightest practicable burden of tax-
ation on primary, productive labor, whether agri-
cultural, mechanical, or manufacturing; and, third,
the adoption of tho least complex or simplest prac-
ticable means for the collection of taxes.
The previous question was seconded mid the
