1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
799
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was concurred in.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was concurred in;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PENSIONS FOR SOLDIERS OF 1812.
Mr. MILLER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill granting pensions to soldiers of
the war of 1812; which was read a'first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and of the War of 1812,
and ordered to be printed.
commander aaron r. hughes.
Mr. WARD, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be
instructed, to inquire into the expediency of restoring
Commander Aaron R. Hughes to the active list in the
Navy, and to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
public buildings in new york, etc.
Mr. BARNES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
AVhereas a resolution of this House, passed July
10,1867, calling upon the Secretary of the Treasury
and the Secretary of War for information respecting
buildings leased by their respectjve Departments in
the cities of New York and "Brooklyn remains
unanswered by the Secretary of War: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War is hereby
directed to furnish said information without further
delay.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for ex-
ecutive information, unanimous consent is
necessary for its consideration on this day.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
\
non-contraction of currency.
Mr. BINGHAM submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to consider and report upon the expedi-
ency of providing by law against any further con-
traction at present of the non-interest bearing legal-
tender notes of the United States; and also to provide
for an increase thereof equal in amount to the out-
standing compound-interest bearing notes, and to
provide more effectually for tho speedy redemption
and payment thereof.
treasury special agents.
Mr. JUDD, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to this House the names of all
secret special Treasury agents appointed since the
1st of June, 1866, their places of residence at the time
of their appointment, and to what districts they were
assigned, the compensation both for services and
expenses allowed each person, and tho instructions
given to each such agent.
message prom tiie senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed a bill (S. No. 143)
to change the name of Samuel Chase Barney
to Samuel Chase Do Krafft, in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
reduction of the currency.
Mr. WAS1IBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the rules be suspended and the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House accordingly resolved itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair,) and
proceeded to the consideration of House bill
No. 89, relating to the reduction of the cur-
rency.
Mr. BLAINE. Within the past few months,
Mr. Chairman, some erroneous and mischievous
views have been put forward in regard to the
nature of the public obligation imposed by the
debt of the United States. Without stopping
to notice the lesser lights of the new doctrine,
and not caring to analyze the various forms
of repudiation suggested from irresponsible
sources throughout the country, I propose to
review, as briefly as may be, the position con-
temporaneously assumed by two able and dis-
tinguished gentlemen—the one from the West,
the other from the East—the one the late can-
didate of the Democratic party for the Vice
Presidency—(Mr. Pendleton, of Ohio)—the
other a prominent member of this House from
one of the strongest Republican districts of the
State of Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
The position of these gentlemen I under-
stand to be simply this: that the principal of
the United States bonds, known as the five-
twenties, may be fairly and legally paid in
paper currency by the Government after the
expiration of Jive years from the date of issue.
A brief review of the origin of the five-twenty
bonds will demonstrate, I think, that this posi-
tion is in contravention of the honor and good
faith of the national Government; that it is
hostile to the spirit and the letter of the law ;
that it contemptuously ignores the common
understanding between borrower and lender at
the time the loan was negotiated; and that
finally, even if such mode of payment were
honorable and practicable, it would prove dis-
astrous to the financial interests of the Gov-
ernment and the general prosperity of the
country. I crave the attention and the indul-
gence of the House while I recapitulate the
essential facts in support of my assertion.
The issue of the five-twenty bonds was ori-
ginally authorized by the act of February 25,
1862, which provided for the large amount of
$500,000,000. It was this series which was
sold so successfully by Jay Cooke & Co. in
1863, and of which so great a proportion was
subsequently purchased by foreign capitalists.
It will be borne in mind that up to that time in
all the loan bills passed by Congress not one
word had ever been said in regard to gold pay-
ment either of bond or coupon ; and yet it will
be equally borne in mind that gold payment, both
of the principal and interest of the public debt,
had been the invariable rule from the founda-
tion of the Government. No instance to the
contrary can be found in our history. In the
pithy language of Nathaniel Macon, "our
Government was a hard-money Government,
founded by hard-money men, and its debts
were hard-money debts."
And it will be still further borne in mind that
when the bill authorizing the original issue of
five-twenties was under discussion in Con-
gress no man of any party, either in the Sen-
ate or the House, ever "intimated that those
bonds were to be paid in anything else than
gold or silver. The issue of legal-tender notes
of contemporaneous origin was regarded as a
temporary expedient, forced upon us by the
cruel necessities and demands of war, and it
was universally conceded that the specie basis
was to be resumed long before the bonds
should mature for payment. And in order
that the public creditor might have the amplest
assurance of the payment of both principal
and interest in coin it was specially enacted
that all duties on imports should be paid in
coin, and the amount thus raised was distinctly
pledged, not only to the payment of the interest
in coin, but to the formation of a sinking fund
for the ultimate redemption of the principal in
coin. This provision is so important that I
quote it entire. After providing that the duties
shall be paid in coin, the act devotes that coin
to the following purposes:
"First. To tho payment in coin of the interest on
the bonds of the United States.
"Second. To tho purchase or payment of one per
cent, of the entire debt of the United States, lo bo
made within each fiscal year after the 1st day of
July, 1862, winch is to be set apart as a sinking tund,
and" tho interest of which shall be in like manner
applied to tho purchase or payment of tho public
debt, as the Secretary of the Treasury shall from time
to time direct.
"Third. Tho residue thereof shall be paid into
the Treasury of the United States."
Considerable carping and criticism have beer.
expended on the second clause of this provis-
ion, mainly by those who seem desirous of
wresting and distorting its plain and obvious
meaning. Brushing aside all fine-spun con-
struction and cunning fallacy, it is quite mani-
fest that the sinking fund herein authorized
was primarily to be formed from gold, and that
it was only to be invested and reinvested in
securities whose interest was equally pledged
and guarantied in gold; that this process was
not to be confined to any specific number of
years, but. was limited only by the amount and
the duration of the debt which was ultimately
to be redeemed by the sinking fund thus con-
stituted. The sinking fund was thusto receive
an annual increment in gold amounting to the
one hundredth part of the entire debt of the
Government; and this increment was to be
invested only in securities which would yield
gold interest for the further increment of the
fund. It would be difficult to conceive how
the language of an enactment could more dis-
tinctly recognize and provide for the ultimate
coin payment of the entire bonded debt of the
nation. And instead of the Government hav-
ing the right at this late day to change its gold
obligation into one of paper, it seems to me
that the public creditors could with far more
consistency allege that the Government had not
fully kept its faith with tHem in failing, as it
has, to provide the sinking fund which was
thus guarantied at the outset as one of the
special securities of the loan.
But we do not rest mereiy on the after con-
struction of a statute to prove that the principal
of the five-twenties is payable in coin. The
declarations in Congress at the time the meas-
ure was under consideration were numerous,
direct, and specific. Indeed, no other possible
mode of payment was even hinted at, and Mr.
Stevens, as chairman of the Ways and Means,
was emphatic and repeated in bis assertions to
the effect that the bonds were redeemable in
gold. He stated this fact no less than three
times in his speech of February 6, 1862, giving
it all the prominence and emphasis that itera-
tion and reiteration could impart. He spoke
of the "redemption in gold in twenty years''
as one of the special inducements for capitalists
to take the loan, and he gave, in every form
that language could assume, the sanction of
his influential position, and still more influen-
tial name, to the maintenance of the gold stand-
ard in the payment of the bonds.
It may astonish even the gentleman from
Pennsylvania himself to be reminded that
within less than three years from the date of
these declarations he asserted on this floor—
referring to the five-twenty bonds—that l'it is
just as clear as anything is dear that the in-
terest is payable in gold, but the principal in
lawful money." He made this startling state-
ment in answer to a question addressed to him
by my honorable friend from Ohio, [Mr.
Spaldixg,] and the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts has quoted it in his argument on this
question as though it had been made when the
five-twenty bill was originally introduced, and
was to be taken as the authorized opinion of
the Ways and Means Committee at that,.time.
I have shown that at the outset the gentleman
from Pennsylvania was a firm advocate of gold
payment, and aconsiderable period had elapsed
before he experienced his marvelous change
of opinion on this question. But it is due to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania to say that,
late as he was in this declaration, he was in
advance of other gentlemen who have since
figured so prominently as advocates of the doc-
trine. And should this scheme of repudiation
ever succeed, it is but just to give the gentls-
man from Pennsylvania the honor of first pro-
posing it. He announced it on this floor while
yet the gentleman from Massachusetts was
doing honorable service on the tented field,
and while Mr. Pendleton was still adhering to
those hard-money theories of which iie was a
conspicuous and eloquent defender during his
service in this House.
But 1 digress. I was stating that while tho
original five-twenty bill was pending the decla-
