800
THE CONGRESSIONAL'GLOBE.
November 26,
ration that the bonds were redeemable in gold
was constantly repeated. It was the ground
assumed by every member of the Committee
of Ways and Means, so far as, the - record
shows, and it was likewise the ground' taken
by the Finance Committee of the Senate, Mr.
FessejidEs and other members being ,om
i-eeord in many ways to thkt effeet. .And
, while so many gentlemen in both: branches
of Congress, were repeating that these bonds
were redeeiaable in gold, it is a very-' signifi-
cant circumstance, as'already intimated, that
no one ventured the opposite opinion. The
universality of the understanding at..that time
is that which renders a different construction
now so reprehensible. Mr. Pendleton was
present in his seat during the whole discussion
of the measure, and he was an active and fre-
quent participant therein. Then was his time
to have enunciated his scheme of greenback
payment if he ever intended it in good faith.
As a gentleman of candor, however, I am sure
he will confess that he never dreamed of such
an idea till long after the bonds were pur-
chased by the people, and possibly not until
some prospect of party advantage lured him to
the adoption of a theory which is equally at
war with the letter of the law and with sound
principles of finance.
After the bill became a law Mr. Chase, the
Secretary of the Treasury, proceeded to place
the loan formally on the market, and following
the uniform previous practice of the Govern-
ment, and especially adopting the language
used by Mr. Stevens, and other gentlemen in
both branches of Congress, he officially pro-
claimed through the loan agents of the Gov-
ernment that the five-twenty bonds were "a
six per cent, loan, the interest and principal
payable, in coin." And it was on this basis,
with this understanding, with this public proa-
lamation, that the people were asked to sub-
scribe to the loan. They had the assurance
of an unbroken practice on the part of the
Government, rendered still more significant by
the provision for a sinking fund in coin; they
had the general assurance of both branches of
Congress, especially expressed through the ap-
propriate channels of the chairman of Finance
in the Senate and the chairman of Ways and
Means in the House, and further and finally
enforced by a distinct declaration to that effect
by the public advertisement proposing the loan
to the people, issued by the authority and un-
der the direction of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. If anything could constitute an honora-
ble contract between borrower and lender—
between Government and people—then was it
a contract that the five-twenty bonds should
be redeemed- in coin.
I have been thus ujinute, and possibly tedious,
in regard to the facts attending the issue of the
first series of five-uyenties because in effect
that established the rste for all subsequent
issues. Ex uno disce omnes. The principle
laid down so clearly in the proposal for the
first loan was not departed from afterward.
It is quite true that the chairman of Ways and
Means, [Mr. Stevens,] as 1 have already said,
changed his ground on* the question, but he
failed to influence Congress, notwithstanding
his parade of terrible figures showing the utter
impossibility of ever paying gold interest, to
say nothing of gold principal. The gentleman
can recall his statistics with amusement, if not
with advantage, from that grave of unfulfilled
prophecies to which he, in common with the
rest of us, have sent so many baseless pre-
dictions.
The next loan bill passed by Congress was
that of March 3,1863, authorizing the borrow-
ing of $900,000,000. This is commonly known
as tha tec-forty act, and it contains the special
provision that both' principal and interest shall
be payable in coin. But this provision was
never inserted by way of discrimination against
the five-twenties, implying that they were to
be paid in paper currency. The origin of the
provision palpably discredits any such infer-
ence. It was moved as an amendment by Mr.
Thomas, of Massachusetts, and it was moved
to meet and repel the first covert insinuation
that any bond of the United States was redeem-
able in anything else than coin. The chair-
man of Ways and Means, in apparent forget-
fulness of his declaration the preceding year,
had for the first time intimated that the princi-
pal of United States bonds "was payable in
.paper money, and the ^amendment of Mr.
Thomas, as the discussion reported in the
Globe clearly discloses, was intended as a sharp
protest against this heresy .of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, and .as such it was adopted
by the House by a majority so overwhelming
that it? opponents did not call for a division.
•During the discussion, Mr. Horton, of Ohio,
adistinguishedmemberofthe Waysand Means,
and a gentleman of very high character in
every respect, said:
" I wish to state here that the Committee of "Ways
and Means, in framing this bill, never dreamed that
these twenty-year bonds were to be payable in any-
thing other than gold until thegenfcleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. SueveksJ toldityesterdayuponthefloor
of the House." * * * * "I say to the
gentleman, and to this House, that I nev<?r heard an
expression by any meii)bcr of the Committee of Ways
and Means of the possibility that these bonds were
to be payable in anything other thaj) coin." * *
* * "Theformhere proppscd is tho form always
used by Government in the issue of these bonds, and
they have always been"paid in coin up to. this day."
In this connection I desire the special atten-
tion of the House to one fact of conclusive
import, and it is this: at the time this ten-
forty loan bill was passed, March 3,1863, only
$25,000,000 of the five-twenty loan, authorized
the year before, had been disposed of. It was
in the succeeding summer and autumn of 1863,
especially after the triumph of the Union arms
at Vicksburg and Gettysburg, that those mar-
velous sales of $500,000,000 were effected
through the Government agency of Jay Cooke
& Co. And yet the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts would have us believe that the people
subscribed for a loan of $500,000,000 that was
payable in five years in paper currency, when
another loan, for a larger amount, to run forty
years, absolutely payable in gold, was already
authorized and about to be put on the market.
Snch a conclusion cannot be reconciled even
with the common sanity, to say nothing of the
proverbial shrewdness, of those who invested
their money in thefive-twenty loan. Why, sir,
every one sees, every one knows, that not one
dollar of the five-twonty loan could have been
disposed of on the understanding that the bonds
were redeemable in currency, when another
loan for a longer and more favorable period,
possibly at the same rate of interest, for" the
bill so allowed, and absolutely redeemable in
gold, was already authorized by Congress, and
immediately to be offered to the public.
The next loan bill-in the order of time was
the act of March 3, 1864, which was merely
supplementary to the ten-forty bill, whose
history I have just reviewed. It covered the
amount of $200,000,000, and, like the bill to
which it formed a supplement, it proyided
for both interest and principal to be paid in
coin. Under this bill more than one hundred
and seventy-five million dollars were nego-
tiated, partly in ten-forties, and partly in five-
twenties ; by far the greater part in the former.
But as some five-twenties were negotiated under
it, the gentleman from Massachusetts, even on
the line of logic which he has sought to travel,
will be compelled to acknowledge that they
were payable in coin, and hence, according to
his theoi-y, some of the five-twenties are re-
deemable in coin and some in paper—a dis-
tinction which has never yet been proclaimed,
and the equity of which would hardly be appar-
ent to the holders of the same description of
bonds—precisely identical in phrase, and dif-
fering only in the subordinate and immaterial
circumstance of date.
The last loan bill to which I need specially
refer is that of June 30, 1864, under the pro-
visions of which the five-twenties bearing that
date were issued. The seven-thirties, author-
ized by the same act, as well as by the subse-
quent acts of January 28 and March 8, 1865,
were convertible into five-twenties of the same
tenor and description with those whose issue
was directly authorized; so that in reviewing
the history of the loan bill of June 30, 1864, I
shall in effect close the narrative of congres-
sional proceedings in regard to five-twenty
bonds. And the history of that bill shall be
brief. It was discussed in its various provis-
ions very elaborately in both branches of Con-
gress. As reported from the Ways and Means
Committee it was worded like all previous
bonds,, promising to.pay so many dollars to the
holder, withefut specifying that they were to
be anything else than gold dollars, in which
United States bonds had always been paid.
Toward the close of the discussion Mr. Brooks,
of New York, then, as now, a member of this
House, moved to insert an amendment pro-
viding especially that the bonds should be
"payable in. coin." Mr. Bjiooks was an-
swered by Mr. Hoof<sb, of Massachusetts, on
behalf of the-Ways and Meaps Committee, as
follows:
"The bill of last year, the $900,000,000 bill, con-
tained theso words, but it was not deemed necessary
or considered expedient to insert thorn in this bill.
I will seijd to the desk, and ask to have read, as apart
of my reply to the gentleman from New York, a let-
ter from tho Secretary of the Treasury giving his
views upon this point."
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department, May 18,1864.
Sir: Your letter of the 13th instant, making in-
quiries in regard to the kind of currency with which
the five-twenty years six per cent, bonds, and the
three years seven-thirty per cent, notes are to be
redeemed, has beep received.
It has been the constant usage of the Department
to redeem all coupon and registered bonds, forming
part of the funded or permanent debt of the United
States, in coin, and this usage has not been deviated
from during my administration of its affairs.
All the Treasury notes and other obligations form-
ing part of the temporary loan are payable, and will
be redeemed, in lawful money; that is, in United
States notes, until after the resumption of specie pay-
ment, when they also' will doubtless bo redeemed in
coin or equivalent notes.
The five-twenty sixes, payable twenty years from
date, though redoomable after five years, are con-
sidered as belonging to the funded or permanent
debt, and so also are the twenty years sixes, into
which the three years seven-thirty notes aro con-
vertible. These bonds, therefore, according to tho
usage of tho Government, are payable in coin.
The three years seven-thirty Treasury notes are
part of the temporary loan, and will be paid in
United States notes, unless holders prefer conversion
to payment.
Very respectfully,
S. P. CHASE, Secretary.
Mr. Brooks, apparently satisfied with this
statement, withdrew his amendment, regarding
the point as conclusively settled, I suppose, not
only by the uniform practice of the Government,
but by the special declaration of the Secretary
of the Treasury, who immediately afterward
proceeded on the basis of that letter to put the
bonds on the market. Mr. Hooper stated the
case well when he said it was "not deemed
necessary or considered expedient" to insert
coin payment in this bill; "not necessary,"
for the practice of the Government, and tho
assurances of the Treasury Department in its
advertisements in proposing for loans, conclu-
sively settled the point; and not "considered
expedient," for to specially insert gold pay-
ment in all the loan bills except that of Feb-
ruary 25, 1862, under which §500,000,000 of
five-twenties had been sold, might, in the end,
by the exclusio unius, give some shadow of
ground for the mischievous inference which is
now sought to be drawn without any ground
whatever.
We thus find that the voice of Congress has
been uniform and consistent in support of the
principle of paying the bonded debt in gold.
No vote in Congress, even implying the oppo-
site theory, has ever been given; even the
weighty influence and conceded ability of the
distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania
failing to carry with him any support whatever
when he made his surprising and unprece-
dented change on this question. But the pub-
lic creditors did not rely solely on the declara-
tions of leading men in Congress in regard to
gold payment, nor did they rest wholly on the
past practice and the good faith of the Gov-
ernment. They had, in addition to both these
strong grounds of confidence and assurance,
the more direct and explicit guarantee of tha
