1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
805
and there ke-pt suspended until you ceased to kick or
'give signs of treason.
Xiuta magnanimous Government forgave you, and
permitted you to live and to follow somehonest avo-
cationf'-i aliving. Now,in orderto reap revenge and
put forth your hatred lor the Federal Government,
yo  arc vilifying and publishing base falsehoods
against the men who stood true to the Union and Fed-
eral Government during our unhappy struggle.
Now, sirs, in conclusion, let rae ask you to publish
this letter 111 your paper, and hereafter confine youv-
selvesto tacts. I do notchargeyou withintendmg to
injure me individually, bat the hatred you have
towaid the Union party causes you to thus act. I
am in hopes a few linos of correction will put the
matter right between us, and wo will be good friends
for all time to come.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
W. B. STOKES.
Mr. STOKES. Now, Mr. Speaker:. I have
nothing to add in regard to that letter. It is
very painful to me to have to speak upon this
subject, and I regret it exceedingly; but I
deemed it my duty to reply (o the charge which
was made against me here, and that, top, at a
time when the delegation had no opportunity
of reply, not even the privilege of asking one
question or making an explanation.
As to the other members of the delegation,
I shall say very little. The case of my distin-
guished colleague, Mr. Butler, has gone to
the Committee of Elections, who will do him
justice. But let me say that there is a differ-
ence between his ease and the case of the Sen-
ator from Tennessee who was alluded to the
other day, and who was sworn in in the Thirty-
Ninth Congress. If Mr. Butler was in the
Legislature and voted as is alleged he came
forward afterward and served as a Federal sol-
dier and as circuit judge under the reorganiza-
tion of the State Government, and to-day is
chairman of the central radical Union com-
mittee of the State; but as for Judge Patter-
son*, he ran for the office of judge and was
elected by the people, and he was sworn in,
and took the oath of allegiance to the confed-
eracy ; ho presided as a confederate judge,
administered confederate laws, charged a con-
federate grand jury, and was to all intents as
much an officer of the confederate government
as was Benjamin or Jeff. Davis himself. It
was for him on his conscience, before his God,
to say whether he could take the oath or not.
I held no office and sought none; I was tend-
ered one, but refused it.
I come now to the other branch of the sub-
ject. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Mali-
shall] said, and is so reported in the Globe :
" Another observation and I have done. The whole
State government of Tennessee as at present organ-
ized and administered is a disgrace to tile American
nation and to the civilization of the age."
Here is a grave charge made in loud terms,
that the government of Tennessee is a disgrace
to the nation and to the civilization of the age.
I expected to hear the gentleman specify in
what particular it is & disgrace. Wherein is
the government of Tennessee a disgrace to the
nation or to civilization? It is well known
that in 1835 the loyal people of the State met
in convention and organized a government;
they amended the constitution, and submitted
it to the loyal people of the State on the Slid
day of February for ratification or rejection.
The loyal people of Tennessee went to the polls
and voted ratification.
[Iiere the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE obtained the floor.
Mr. STOKES. I ask the indulgence of the
House for a few moments longer.
Mr. ROSS. I want to ask the gentleman a
question. He spoke so low we could not hear
him.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order
unless the time of the gentleman front Ten-
nessee is extended.
Mr. ROSS. I merely want to ask hira if he
wrote that letter. We could not hear him over
here.
The SPEAKER. What time does the gen-
tleman from Tei.nessee desire the Chair to ask
for him ?
Mr. STOKES. Twenty minutes.
Mr. ROSS. I think we have had enough of
this.
Mr. WASHBCJRNE, of Illinois?. I think it
but just that the gentleman from Tennessee
should be heard on this personal matter, and I
will move to suspend the rules so that he may
be heard.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldbidge] is now entitled to the
floor.
Mr. ELDlllDGE.' I hope if the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Stoker] is allowed to
proceed that I may be allowed a few minutes
to reply to him.
The SPEAKER. What length of time does
the gentleman desire?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Fifteen or twenty minutes.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the rules be suspended, so as to allow
twenty minutes to the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. StOkes] and twenty minutes to the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldmdge.]
The motion was agreed to,(fort,y-three voting
in the affirmative.)
Mr. STOKES. I was going on to say that
the government of the State of Tennessee was
organized by the loyal people, who ratified the
amended constitution of that State which pro-
vided that a Legislature should be elected by
general ticket, and that the Legislature which
first met should have the right to declare and
regulate the question of suffrage. The ninth
section of the schedule gave the Legislature
this right to regulate the elective franchise.
The Legislature met and did regulate the fran-
chise and limit it.
It has been said by gentlemen upon this
floor that the Legislature of Tennessee dis-
franchised from eighty to one hundred thou-
sand of her citizens. I deny that the Legis-
lature disfranchised a man. 'There can be
found nothing in the franchise act to justify
such a statement. According to the head of
the Democratic party to-day, Andrew Johnson,
these eleven States were without any State
governments. Therefore all were disfranchised.
The Legislature then came forward to regulate
and limit the question of suffrage, and stated
who should vote, but failed to extend the elect-
ive franchise to all persons.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Marshall]
said that Union soldiers in Tennessee were
debarred from voting there, and that if his
statement was denied it could be proved. Now,
all that I hare to say to that is that I have
never before heard of that charge. I have
asked my colleagues about it, not one of whom
ever heard it before. If there ever was a Fed-
eral soldier debarred from voting there I want
the gentleman from Illinois to state to this House j
his name, so that wc may know who he is. I
Sir, the contrary is true ; the franchise law j
provides that when a soldier of the LTnited ;
States has been honorably discharged his eer- i
tificate of honorable discharge shall be of it self 1
sufficient to entitle him to all the rights of a !
citizen. The soldiers voted everywhere over i
the State, the Conservative or Democratic- ticket '
receiving some twenty thousand votes, of which ■
some were soldiers'. There was no disturbance !
at the polls; every man was allowed to go to !
the polls and vote as he chose. The gentleman j
from New York [Mr. Brooks] alluded to the
colored vote of Tennessee.
Mr. MARSHALL. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment right here?
Mr. STOKES. Not at present. The gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] alluded ;
to the colored vote of Tennessee. Is that what \
makes the government of Tennessee a disgrace !
to the civilized world? If so, then 1 desire to j
say that I understand that some colored men j
vote now in New York; somein Massachusetts, '
and in other States. And 1 hope and trust in j
God that the loyal colored men all over the 1
nation will be entitled to vote before long. \
What disgrace is there in that? They voted in j
Tennessee in the time of Jackson; free colored j
men voted then. j
Now, I stand here and proclaim from my ,
scat that 1 know the colored race. Truer men i
and nobler men God does not let live on the !
face of the earth than they are as a race. They I
have proved themselves on the battle-field.
And more than that, they have at the ballot-
box proved themselves to be worthy, for they
have voted against the Conservative Democratic
ticket and for the Radical ticket. That fact
proves their capacity to exercise the elective
right and their superiority over their less
favored fellow-citizens of the Democratic faith.
The gentleman from New York was mis-
taken. He should have reversed his statement.
There were forty-five thousand colored men
voting and fifty-five thousand white men. Is
it cause for disgrace that the loyal colored sol-
dier is allowed to vote? Is he not entitled to
do so? He defended your country; he saved
your flag. The Legislature of Tennessee, that
patriotic, loyal body of men, with the Gov-
ernor of the State, guarded and protected the
interests of the loyal people of the State, rec-
ognized the rights of the colored man to the
suffrage, and God will bless them and the
country will honor them for what they have
done. Instead of the government of Tennes-
see not being republican I am inclined to tlrink
that it is almost the only republican govern-
ment that we have within the United States.
Tennessee comes nearer the standard-of true
republican government than any other State
within my knowledge. There the only test
made is loyalty. The question is asked, " Is
the man loyal to the flag, true to the Govern-
ment?" If he is, we give him the right to
vote. But if he is disloj-al, we say to him,
J' No, you cannot vote, you cannot hold office
in this State, for you are disloyal." Upon
this ground, and this alone, are men kept
from the polls in Tennessee. Such men the
Legislature has refused to enfranchise ; but I
hope and trust that the day is not far distant
when all restrictions may be taken off, and
those now excluded by reason of their own
transgressions may be permitted to vote ; but
they will have to bring forth '-fruits meet for
repentance'' before the loyal men can allow
them to vote.
The gentleman from New York opposed
the admission of the whole delegation from
Tennessee, and charged a number of the mem-
bers of that delegation with treason. Why,
Mr. Speaker, treason is a very grave charge.
I was sorry to find the gentleman from New
York opposing the admission of the delega-
tion from Tennessee; for I remember that on.
the first day of the Thirty-Ninth Congress
that distinguished gentleman was, I believe,
the first to rise in liis place and advocate the
admission of the delegation from Tennessee.
Then the government of that State was in his
view all right.
The gentleman says that be now places bis
objection upon the ground ( 1 will not take up
time in reading hit, remarks) that the members
now presenting themselves wore elected under
the franchise law of Im'w. Yet, sir. the mem-
bers who presented themselves from Tennessee
at the beginning of the Thirty-Ninth Congress
were elected under the franchise law of 186-i :
and the gentleman from New York advocated
the admission of that delegation, and also the
recognition of the State government. Wliv
the difference between his position then and
his position now? \\ hat has caused this great
change to comeovcrthegentleman? The Legis-
lature of Tennessee has not since that time
struck down voters ; it has enlarged the elect-
ive franchise by admitting forty thousand more
men. The franchise hassimply been enlarged.
All the restrictions that now exist existed at
the time the gentleman from New York desire.d
the admission of the delegation from Tennes-
see. But the delegation stood a little different
then from what it does now. Then the dele-
gation was politically divided, four to four;
and when they first came here it was uncertain
how they stood. But now, when we present
ourselves, the loyal people of Tennessee have
sent eight members, who have received major-
ities of from three thou-land to eleven thou-
sand: and the gentleman from New Yorkr'-
and objects to the admission of the delegation.
In fact. I was glad to see inanilested on thu
