806
THE OOJSTGEBSSIONAL GLOBE.
November 27,
other side a disposition to scrutinize the loy-
alty of persona applying for admission as mem-
bers of this House. I agree that every person
who presents himself at that stand ought to be
scrutinized. The question of his loyalty ought
to be examined to ascertain whether he has
been and is now all right. I do not complain
of such scrutiny. What I complain of is the
unjust attack upon the government of my
State and the members from that State.
We claimed the right in Tennessee to regu-
late and control the question of suffrage—a
right which was fully recognized by the Dem-
ocratic party in its platform adopted by the
Chicago convention. We simply exercised the
right that that convention asserted as belong-
ing to the States. The Democratic party,
wherever it has the* power, has enfranchised
whom it chose.. It has refused to enfranchise
the colored men, as was its privilege and right.
It is our privilege and right to enfranchise the
colored man if we choose ; and.it is our right
to declare that men who have been guilty, who
have proved themselves traitors, shall not
come to the polls and vote.
Now, as to the Brownlow government. Gov-
ernor .Brownlow is not the government of
Tennessee. He does not conti'ol the govern-
ment of that State. Ilis duty has been to
execute the laws passed by the Legislature. He
can do nothing more and nothing less. Gov-
ernor Brownlow has not gone beyond the
constitution and laws of the State. I challenge
any man to show where Governor Brownlow
has exercised power not delegated to him by
law. He has made us a faithful Governor. He
has stood true' to bis post. He has discharged
his duty faithfully, and I trust in God that he
will live long enough to come here and take
his seat as a Senator of the United States. He
deserves it. He is entitled to it. The Legis-
lature gave it to him as a true loyal man, devoted
to his country and to the loyal people of his
State.
I dislike, sir, to hear these sweeping charges
made against the State of Tennessee. A dis-
grace! I ask gentlemen to show where the
government of Tennessee is a disgrace. The
colored men voted right, they fought right,
they behave well, and yet we are asked to ex-
clude them. Sir, we have nothing to do with
the color of the skin. God has fixed that.
■ When Christ was upon the earth He said:
"Suffer little,children to come unto me, and
forbid them not; for of such is the kingdom
of Heaven." lie made no distinction as to
color. And when He sent out llis disciples He
said: "Go ye and preach the Gospel to all
nations and all people." He made 110 dis-
tinction on account of color. And when we
make no distinction of color why should gentle-
men denounce us upon this floor and say that,
our State government is a disgrace to the civ-
ilization of the age? Why should it be de-
nounced as a disgrace because we enfranchise
the colored soldier and refused to enfranchise
the men who were rebels and traitors to their
country?
I trust, sir, that the other ten States which
are to come in will come in just as the State
of Tennessee has come in. I shall, for one,
recognize those ten States if they are such as
Tennessee is; but if a constitution is presented
here which refuses to the colored man a vote
and enfranchises the white rebel I will vote
against it. I will never vote to recognize a
constitution unless it conforms in substance to
the constitution of Tennessee, that this House
has recognized as x-epublican in form.
Mr. Speaker, I know my lime is neai'ly ex-
pired, and I shall not have the opportunity to
refer to some other points which I intended to
notice. I thank the House for the time allowed
to me and for the further extension of time. I
thought it due to myself and to the people to
make this explanation. I now leave it to the
country. I left my friend from Now York
[Mr. Brooks] upon the floor 011 the 4th of
March protesting against this Congress, alleg-
ing that it was an unconstitutional, an illegal
organization. When I returned on last Thurs-
day the first gentleman I saw rising in his place
was the gentleman from New York. I take it
that the gentleman is employed to do the pro-
testing for his party in this House.
I regret that the expiration of my time com-
pels me to close thus abruptly. Other subjects
of interest I had hoped to discuss. In the
course of the session a more extended oppor-
tunity will present itself, when I may perhaps
vindicate more fully the faithful, loyal, and
warm supporters of the State government of
Tod ness66.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
now expired, and the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Eldeidge] is entitled to the floor for
twenty minutes.
Mr. ELDEIDGE. Mr.'Speaker, I do not
intend to make more than a remark or two on
the question which is before the House at this
time. It is a remarkable fact, which must have
struck every member of this House,, that when
a gentleman parts company with his friends in
error or in the wrong he finds it necessary, as a
general thing, to become more censorious and
denunciatory of them than if he had never been
astray with them. This may account for the
bitterness to-day of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, who denounces not only all who went
with him and beyond liim, but even those
suspected of anything like sympathy with those
who went to the same extent he did.
1 know it is charged that I was somewhat
inconsistent in the position 1 took here in object-
ing to the gentleman from Tennessee being
sworn in as a member of this House. I thought
when the delegation from Kentucky were apply-
ing for admission that the precedent winch
gentlemen on the other side were establishing
was an ugly one, which would come back at
some not very distant day to plague and trouble
them.
The reason why I raised that objection to
the gentlemen from Tennessee was that they
might see the absurdity and inconsistency of
the course they pursued. Judge Trimble, of
Kentucky, had sat with 11s in this House during
the entire Thirty-Ninth Congress, able, accom-
plished, respected for every quality of mind and
heartr by every member of this House; and
yet, upon a bare charge or suspicion of having
sympathized at some day or other with the re-
bellion, he is prohibited by the majority of
this House from taking liis seat. I thought it
was wrong then ; I think so still. The gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Stokes] stood in a
much more equivocal and doubtful position as
regarded hisloyalty at the time he was admitted
to a seat on tins floor than the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Trimble] did when he sought
admission.
The gentleman from Tennessee proceeds to
defend, if I understand him correctly, the letter
known as the Duncan letter. I understood him
to admit his guilt at the time when that letter
was first read to this House. I understood
him then to claim that he had condoned the
guilt with which that letter seemed to charge
him.' I understood him then to repudiate
the position which he tookin theletter in 18G1.
I understand him nowtogo through that letter,
sentence by sentence, and to adopt and affirm
its truth and claim that it was right.
Mr. STOKES. Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I cannot yield now.
Mr. STOKES. I do not wish the gentle-
man to misrepresent me.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman claims
that that, letter was right, his speech taken in
connection with it shows in my judgment that
he was not only disloyal then but that he is
disloyal cow. 1 leave him in the hands of his
"loyal" friends to justify him with the letter
which he now asserts contains the truth.
Mr. STOKES. Mr. Speaker- 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee is not in order. The gentleman from
Wisconsin declines to yield. He cannot be
interrupted except by his own .consent. The
Chair defended the gentleman from Tennessee
against interruption.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman says that
he defended rebellion in the first place, and,
he quotes this sentence in that letter:
"I bavo always opposed secession. I claim the
right of revolution and the right to resist the oppres-
sion of the Federal Government, and to throw off
allegiance to the same when that oppression becomes
intolerable. That time has now come."
The gentleman says that is true—it was true
in 1861. The gentleman shakes his head. I*
was near him at the time he spoke, and came
back and made a memorandum of what 1 un-
derstood he said. 1 do not know whether he
intended to affirm the whole of that sentence;
but if he affirmed that the time for resisting
the oppression of the Federal Government was
at the date of his writing the letter I ask our
Republican friends if the letter itself is not
evidence of disloyalty then. And if he now
affirms the truth of it is it not evidence of dis-
loyalty to-day or at the time he took the oath?
I will say to the gentleman that I have no
personal ill will or unkind feeling toward him.
When the question of modifying the test-oath
was before this House he uttered—if my mem-
ory serves me right—this strong expression:
that he would freeze to his seat in this House
before he would consent to the modification or
change of that oath j that it was the only pro-
tection of the loyal people of the South, I .
thought that oath ought to be modified 011
account of the gentleman himself, and so
remarked at the time the letter was intro-
duced. I believe that Judge Patterson has
never been proved before this House or the
Senate to have uttered language more disloyal
or hostile to this Government than the lan-
guage contained in that Duncan letter.
I think 1 ought to have the Clerk read what
one of the gentleman's then colleagues (Mr.
Nathaniel G. Taylor) said of Judge Patter-
son*. It is perhaps due co him, as- lie has not
the opportunity to vindicate himself. 1 will
ask the Clerk to read it, although it may pre-
vent me from saying all I intended for want of
time. I suppose Judge Patterson needs no
vindication from me, but there were very harsh
things said of him here the other day, and the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stokes] I
understood to say some severe things of him.
I think it was no more inconsistent for Mr.
Patterson to take the oath, as far as I under-
stood his case, than for the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Stokes.]
The Clerk read as follows:
" Mr. Taylor, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, it is fit
and proper, I think, that I should make a statement
in reference to the distinguished gentleman upon
wbosfc case this body is now sitting, because ho is ray
constituent; be lives in my district, the district which
T have the honor to represent upon this floor, lfc i-i
my happiness to have known him, not only through
the bloody scencs winch have occurred during the
last live years, but for long years before. And itake
pleasure in saying" here to-night 111 all sincerity to
my fellow-members in this House, that so far as my
Sersonnl knowledge extends there is not in this
ousc, there is not within the limits of these United
States to-night a m-ui who can present a clearer rec-
ord of devotion to tho country we all love, of pure,
unwavering unmitigated loyalty to the Government
than D win T. Patterson. Ay, sir, such was his de-
votion to the cause, such was his loyalty to the Gov-
ernment, such was his lellow-fcchn# with those who
loved their Government, that he was willing for tlieir
sake—not for the sake of the bloody-handed rebels,
of whom my friend from Ohio [Mr. SiiELkABARGERJ
speaks; not for the sake of advancing the interests
of the cause that was opposed to his country and your
country; but for the cause of his compatriots in Ten-
nessee he was willing to be a judge, to occupy an
office of responsibility and trust, and to have the
lives and reputation and property of the people in
his keeping. I am not speaking at random; I know
whereof I am speaking.
" In 1854 Mr. Patterson was elected judge of the
circuit for the term of eight years. In I860, when
the coming war began to loom up in the political
horizon, when it bccame evident that we were to
be plunged into a civil war, Judge Patterson, to my
personal knowledge, had a strong inclination to
resign his position as judge of the circuit court;
but the Union people of his circuit, of whom I was
one, besought him, for their sake and for the coun-
try's sake, to continue to hold his position as judge.
He consented to their entreaty, and held the posi-
tion of judge until the expiration of his term in
1862. He then disclosed to me the fact that he desired
to retire to private life; that he did not intend to be
a candidate for rcelection, for he did not desire to
continue to hold that position tinder such cmb.u-
rassing circumstances as then surrounded us. The
country was then full of rebel soldiers, and they were
in the full tide of successful rebellion in Tennessee.
Beit remembered, sir, that East Tennessee at that
