808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
November 27,
CHANGE OF A NAME.
The bill (S. No. 143) entitled "An act to
change the name of Samuel Chase Barney, jr.,
to Samuel Chase De Kraff't," was taken from
the Speaker'stable, and read a first and second
time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If there is no objection,
I would like to have this bill pot upon its pas-
sage now.
Mr. WELKER. I prefer that it should be
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia., I move that l-eference.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, some obser-
vations have been made upon this floor in
regard to the State of Tennessee, to which I
shall make reply when opportunity is afforded
me to do so. If the House is -willing to have
the morning hour occupied with this discussion
I will proceed at this lime. It is a matter which,
from a proper regard to the government I rep-
resent, should receive some notice at my hands,
some examination, perhaps some explanation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
whether the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butleu] desires to proceed with his remarks
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union oij. the finances, but he will ask the
House whether there is any objection to the
gentleman from Tennessee proceeding at this
time.
Mr. ROSS. I think it had better be post-
poned till Saturday, and that we take rip the
finances. We all know the government in
Tennessee was established by the bayonets
there.
Mr. MAYNARD. The observations of the
gentleman and the insinuation that the elec-
tions were carried by the bayonet and other
things 10 the same effect require that wo should
be heard upon the facts. If-the House docs
not desire to hear me at this time I will yield.
Mr. WARD. I move that the rules be sus-
pended in order that the gentleman may be
heard at this time.
The SPJiAKER. For how long?
Mr. MAYNARD. Half an hour.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move that the
rules lie suspended and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, so that the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Bctleii] may conclude his
remarks.
Mr. WASIIBUKNE, of Illinois. I suggest
the motion be modified so that after the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts has concluded his
remarks the gentleman from Tennessee shall
be heard.
Air. WARD. I ajftee to that.
ABSENCE OF A MEMBER.
Mr. LOGAN stated that Mr. Taffe was
detained at home by severe illness.
THOMAS FOSTER.
Mr. WASIIBUBNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, moved that certified copies of
the papers in the ease of Thomas Foster be
given to the petitioner; which motion was
agreed to.
JOHN WILSON.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
moved that leave be granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in the
case of John Wilson and the same be, referred
to the Committee of Claims; which motion was
agreed to.
BELIEF OF DRAFTED MEN.
Mr. COVODE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to extend an act entitled "An
act for the relief of certain drafted men," ap-
proved February 28, 18G7; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
REDUCTION OF TISC CCItllESCY.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved that the rules
bo suspended and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed_ to.
So the House accordingly resolved itself
into the Committee of the Whole on th(? state
of the Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair,) and
proceeded to the consideration of House bill
No. 80, relating to the reduction of the cur-
rency.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] was entitled
to the floor for an hour and five minutes.
Mr. BUTLER concluded the speech com-
menced yesterday. [It will be found in the
Appendix.]
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Chairman, I should
ill repay the very patient hearing with which
I was honored yesterday if L should trespass
at any great length upon the attention of the
committee to-day; but I desire to make one
or two remarks in answer to what fell from
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
lerJ yesterday, rather than to reply to any-
thing he has said to-day. Indeed, his speech
to-day had nothing whatever to do with the
subject upon which I had the honor to address
the House yesterday. I argued a single ques-
tion, namely: the obligation of the United
StateS to ultimately redeem its five-twenty
bonds in coin. I do not propose to reargue it,
but 1 wish to make one or two corrections in
regard to points which the gentleman yester-
day misstated—1 presume not intentionally.
The gentleman held that Secretary Fesse.v-
dex had set the example of repudiation by
refusing to redeem the original seven-thirty
loan of 1801 in gold, because, having been
negotiated when gold was our only currency,
he maintains that they should have been paid
in gold at maturity. I would like to ask the
gentleman at this point if lie knows of a single
holder of those seven-thirty notes who de-
manded gold at the Treasury Department and
was refused ?
Mr. BUTLER. To that I answer, of my
personal knowledge I do not. But I have seen
a letter of refusal, which 1 will endeavor to get
and bring before the House, from Secretary
Fkssendkx.
Mr. BLAINE. 1 have to repeat what I said
yesterday, that when Mr. FesseN'Dex entered
the Treasury Department the mode of liquidat
ing these seven-thirties had been finally adju-
dicated by Secretary Chase, that the adjudica-
tion had been communicated to Congress, and
that Congress coincided with it; and I now say
that for Secretary Fessendex to have attempted
to reverse Secretary Chase's decision, which
he had communicated to Congress, would have
been to lly in the face of the decision of Con-
gress itself. As a simple matter of fact the
gentleman from Massachusetts misstates the
whole transaction. Ho put it to the House as
though there had been some poor people hold-
ing this short loan, and that the Government
did not hesitate to cheat them, bat that the
princely holders of the long loan must not be
likewise cheated. Why, sir, almost the entire
seven-thirty loan of 1SG1 was taken by the
banks of the large eastern cities.' It was
taken by those banks and paid for in their own
bills, and the sub-Treasury act was modified for
their benefit ill order that the money thus
loaned might lie on deposit in the banks and
be drawn out from time to time as the Govern-
ment needed it. 'That is the history of the
origin of the loan; and when the three years for
which it was negotiated had expired the hold-
ers of these seven-thirty notes wore allowed
tu exchange them for the most favorable
bonded security which our Government has
ever issued—the sixes of 1881. Instead of
discontent with this arrangement, there was
the most entire satisfaction on the part of the
holders of the seven-thirties.
But if for argument's sake I should admit
that there was a partial failure on the part of
the Government to maintain the very letter of
the contract with the holders of these notes
the gentleman would gain nothing thereby in
support of his own scheme. The case is by
no mea;is analogous with the course he wishes
to pursue in regard to the whole bonded debt
of the United Slates. He proposes to pay it off
with paper destined to depreciation and worth- .
lessness;. whereas the seven-thirties of 1801
were paid off by giving a far better bond in their
stead—a bond that yields semi-annual inter-
est to the holder and assures him of ultimate
coin payment of the principal. This course
was fair and honorable on the part of the Gov-
ernment, and was eminently advantageous to
the holders of the seven-thirties, and of course
highly satisfactory to them. And yet for
pursuing this course Secretary Fessendes is
denounced by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts as a dishonorable repudiator. The gentle-
man would have had the Secretary force the
gold on the holders of these Treasury notes
even when they were perfectly willing to take
the 1881 bonds instead. The policy which he
denounces Secretary Fessexden for pursuing
saved the Government more than two hundred
million dollars, and that without'a protest or
murmur from any of the parties holding the
seven-thirties. '"I wish it distinctly understood
that it is for that act of Secretary Fessexdex
that he is now denounced as a repudiator by
the gentleman from Massachusetts.
But I wish the gentlemaif now to bo con-
sistent in his position and faithful to his own
logic. These seven-thirty notes he says should
have been paid in gold because gold was the
currency on which they were negotiated, and
that as a general and indisputable proposition
the Government is fairly held to pay its loans
in the kind of money in which those loans
were negotiated. Do I state the gentleman
correctly ?
Mr. BUTLER. I said that where the con-
tract was made when there was but one kind
of currency it is a fair and equitable view to
take that it is payable in that kind of cur-
10 Mr.' BLAINE. In that kind ?
Mr. BUTLER. And, therefore, that if we
were held to be repudiators, knaves, and
scoundrels, as*we were so glibly called 
Mr. BLAINE. I beg your pardon ; I never
called yon so.
Mr. BUTLER. No, I know that, but as we
were glibly called for saying that where there
were two kinds of currency it might be paid
in either, then Secretary Fessendbn was as
deep in the mud as we were, because he had
paid in both kinds of currency, or claimed the
right to pay in both kinds.
Mr. BLAINE. Then I rraderstood the gen-
tleman correctly as saying that the bonds being
negotiated in a certain kind of currency were
payable in that kind of currency. I want the
gentleman to hold to bis logic and not jump
back or slide off from the position which he lias
thus taken and repeated. Now, the five-twen-
ties of 186ii—and these are the bonds to which
this discussion has referred—were negotiated
with a certain kind of currency. There were
only two kinds of currency known to the Gov-
ernment of the United States when they were
negotiated ; one was gold, held at a premium,
and the other was a legal-tender note authorized
by the same act that placed the five-twenties
before the world. That act, besides giving to
these Treasury notes the quality of being legal
tenders, went on to say:
" And any holder of said United States notes depos-
iting .'tny sum not less than filty dollars, or somo
multiple of fifty dollars, with the Treasurer of the
United States, or either of the Assistant Treasurers,
shall reeoivo in exchange therefor duplicate err-
tifieates of deposit, one of which may be transmit-
ted to the Secretary of the Treasury, who shall
thereupon issue to the holder an equal amount oj the
bondiof the United States, coupon or registered, as t)>ay
ba said holder be desired, bearing interest at the rate
of six percent, per annum, payable semi-annually,
and ledcemabie at the pleasure of the XJnited States
in five years, and payable in twenty years from tho
date thereof."
One hundred and fifty million of ihese
notes were first issued in February, and in
July of the same year, six months later, an-
other one hundred and fifty millions were issued
with exactly the same conditions; and that
was the only description of legal tenders known
