1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
809
to this Government when the five-twenty Joan
of 1&C2 was put upon the market. They were
not simply legal tenders such as we still have
in circulation, but they had the special and
additional quality of being convertible into
ive-twcnty bonds at par, according to the law
which I have just read.
Now, if the gentleman will only hold to his
own logic the live-twenties, if payable in paper
at all, can only be paid in the paper which was
leclared to be legal tender when they were
negotiated, and therefore the gentleman's argu-
ment amounts just to this, namely, that you
may be called up to the Treasury, under the
law which you have passed, and be forced
to take for your five-twenty bonds legal tend-
ers of this kind, and then you may go into the
Treasury through another door and demand
that the five-twenty bonds shall be reissued for
you. The gentleman travels in a circle, and
has reached the most complete specimen of
a reductio ad absurdum that I ever knew an
able and shrewd lawyer to suffer himself to be
entrapped in.
Mr. BUTLER. Was not that law altered?
Mr. BLAINE. It was altered in March,
18G3, more than a year after its passage; but
rould that alteration break the contract accord-
ing to the gentleman's own construction of it?
It was altered by a notice fairly and fully given
to all holders. The act approved March 3,
18G3, which I hold in my hand, provided as
follows:
"Ami the holders of United States notes issued
under and by virtue of said act shall present the
f*Ji'i}for the purpose of exchanging the same for
bonds as therein provided on or befbro the 1st day
of July,1303: and thereafter the lightso to exchange
shall cease and determine."
It was found that it was working adversely
to the interests of the Treasury, and fair notice
was given that any man who held the notes
must.come in and have them exchanged. Four
months' time was given, and no faultwas found
with the action of the Government, for every
person who desired to exchange had full oppor-
tunity to do so. Now, sir, I am by no means
arguing that tlie legal tenders of 18C2 may be
forced on the holders of five-twenties; but I
think 1 have conclusively demonst.rated^that
U'cordmg to the logic of the gentleman from
Massachusetts they are the only legal tenders
that can be used for such purpose of redemp-
tion : and that, having forced him to that posi-
tion, I need delay no longer oil this branch of
the subject to expose its weakness and its folly.
Another point in the gentleman's scheme is
noteworthy. Ho levcises the old and estab-
lished ideas of finance, and advances some new
suggestions, which were quite unknown to the
gentlemen who legislated in this Hall even so
lately as lfcG'2. And I here desire to say that
during the past few weeks I have gone over
several thousand pages in the Congressional
Globe of 1802, embracing the whole discussion
of the financial measures of that'year in both
Senate and House, and in my judgment, it is
the ablest, most thorough, and exhaustive dis-
cussion on finance that ever took place in the
American Congress. Throughout the whole
of that, discussion an old-fashioned idea pre-
vailed that Government bonds should be issued
for the purpose of absorbing legal-tender notes
and landing them. The act of February 25
specially recites that as one of its objects, and
provides the means and the machinery for
accomplishing it. But the gentleman from
Massachusetts reverses theprocess. and instead
of having bonds to absorb the greenbacks he
would have us issue an ocean of greenbacks to
absorb the bonds! He completely reverses all
ideas of finance that have heretofore prevailed
in this Government. At present we have a
loan that is distinctly defined; that is well
known to the people; that has a specific rate
of interest; lias a certain time to run, with
expressed conditions on which it may be paid,
and the time within which the Government is
allowed or forbidden to pay.
The gentleman from Massachusetts is for
brushing all this aside and placing before the
country n species of legal-tender notes which
have no fixed time to run; which bear no inter-
est; wliieh have no standard of value; which
the Government is under no obligation to pay
at any particular time, and which may indeed
never be called in for redemption at all. In
the gentleman's speech yesterday he aimed to
be facetious, and in his allusions to Secretary
Fessexdes he spoke sneeringly of Maine
finance." I think the gentleman must have
borrowed his notions of finance from a man
who failed a few years since in one of the east-
ern cities of Maine, and who wrote over his
store door, "Payment suspended for thirty
days I" A neighbor passing by, said to him :
"You have neglected to date your notice."
"Lord, no!" said he, "I did not intend to date
it; it would run out if I did." [Laughter.]
The gentleman from Massachusetts, following
this Maine prototype, wants to issue a Govern-
ment legal tender that never runs out; that
imposes no obligation to pay any specific sum
at any certain time; that never brings the
holder where ho can go to the Treasury and
demand his money; that, in short, never reaches
a definite result, and leaves us in the end fur-
ther from the liquidation of our national' debt
than we were at the beginning.
The gentleman has spoken with great delight
in regard to the high price of ton-forty bonds
as compared with five-twenties. I would like
him to tell the House at what particular time
the approximation between the prices of the
two descriptions of bonds began to occur ?
He says they are within one or two per cent..
of each other. How did they become so?
How long have they been so? Never until
this mischievous agitation began—never until
the money markets of the country were alarmed
at what they regarded as a threatened bad
faith on the part of Congress. If the gentle-
man finds that the agitation—in which he has
been so conspicuous—has disturbed the price
of five-twenties and relatively diminished it
while it has elevated the price of ten-forties,
he is welcome to all the honor attending it,
even to the place of chief of the modern school
of repudiation. Before the agitation began
the five-twenties and ten-forties differed in
price exactly as two kinds of bonds at differ-
ent rates of interest with different periods to
ruii would naturally and properly differ. If
the gentleman plumes himself on having dis-
turbed this harmony he will find few who will be
disposed to deprive him of the full credit of it.
We have heard a good deal, I believe, from
the gentleman, not so much in the House, but
out of the House, about what the great West
would and would not stand in connection with
the Government debt. 1 think the gentleman
referred to this point in that remarkable " con-
versation" for which he and other magnates I
of Massachusetts lately sat to the distinguished
artist Redpath. For myself, sir, representing
an eastern district, I claim no right to speak
for the West: but, my Judgment is that in all
that, concerns the national honor and the na-
tional credit the West can be trusted as far and
as long as any other section of the country.
Sir, I repudiate the insinuation on behalf of
the West.
What is that insinuation, sir? It is that the
West will not pay its share of the interest and
principal of the national debt. How, and for
what use was that debt contracted? In sup-
port of the war, in •which the West and the East
were equally united and zealous. Has it over
been claimed by the West that the East did not
furnish its full quota of troops? And if in
addition to furnishing its full quota from each
State and each district it was the good fortune
of the East to have the ability to supply the
Government in larger measure with the money,
without which troops from both sections would
have been valueless, is the West to make war
on the East for that? Sir, 1 protest against
such a monstrous statement. 1 protest against
it in the name of the West. I protest against
it in the name of common justice.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not rise to enter at
all into this debate, or to express any opinion,
one way or the other, upon the subject which
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaixe] and
the" gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] have been discussing.
I rise to set the gentleman from Maine
right—I will not say upon the written history
of this legislation, but upon the unwritten
history of the act of June, 1864, creating the
securities known as "five-twenties." The
unwritten history of a country, particularly in
connection with finance, is often quite as im-
portant as its written history, especially when
there is any doubt as to the true meaning of
the act.
During the session of 1864 there were two
propositions emauating from the Committee
of Ways and Means: one from the honorable -
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevexs;]
the other from the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper.] The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, being in the minority
of that committee, and the gentleman from
Massachusetts being in the majority, the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts was called upon to
report the bill from the Committee of Ways and
Means for the consideration and action of the
House. The bill which the gentleman from
Pennsjdvania introduced before the House was
a bill making the principal of this debt paya-
ble in coin, the debt having a long time to
run. He argued that it was wise for the Gov-
ernment to pay a large interest in paper—
eight per cent, he named—while it agreed to
pay the principal of the debt in coin. That
was his bill.
The bill which the Committee of Ways and
Means reported through the gentleman from t
Massachusetts [Mr. IIooper] was a bill which,
notwithstanding the warning which the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. StevensJ gave
in his bill, omitted, apparently purposely, the
provision that the principal should be payable
m coin. I called the attention of the commit-
tee to this and many other defects in that bill,
as t.hcy appeared to me at that time. If" gen-
tlemen i#ll lake the trouble to examine .the
report of the discussions which took place upon
that subject, they will find that I, among others,
forewarned the House of the perilous course
it was pursuing in reference to the national
finances and of the difficulties which would
ensue. Unfortunately, 1 was at that time, as I
am now, in the minority in this House, and on
account of the political passion and excite-
ment then prevailing I was less heeded at that
time than I and others of the minority arc
likely to be hereafter. I called the attention
of the House to the silence of that bill as to
the payability of those bonds, whether in paper
or in specie. Let me read from the report in
the Globe:
" Mr. IJ rook s. I withdraw my amendment"—
That, was the previous amendment, a matter
of some importance ; but I did not divide the
House upon it, becausc I did not wish to put
myself in a false position. I was not respon-
sible for tlie bill. All I could do was to cail
the attention of the majority to the point. I
withdrew my amendment without a division—
"Mr. Brooks. I withdraw my amendment and
move to insert in the ninth line the words " payable
in com." Tho*e words are not in this bill, although
they are in the bill ot the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. [Mr. Snivi'.ss.]
"Mr. Hoopfr. Tlie hill of last year—the sOOO.OOO.-
000 bill—contained these words but it was not deem til
necessary or considered expedient to insert 'hem m
'this bill, i will send up to the desk and ask to havo
read, as a part of my reply to the gentleman, a letter
from the Secretary ot the Treasury wliidi was pub-
lished some time ago, giving his \iertb upon that
point."
The gentleman from. Maine [Mr. Blaixe]
read that letter yesterday; and I will read
only the sentence which relates particularly to
this subject. It will bo found to exhibh the
same evasion of the point—I mean nothing
OlFensive by this language—as was found in
the remarks of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts. Mr Chase sajs :
"It ha^beeu the constant usn^e of the D-'parOnent
to redeem ail coupon and rci'-teied bovits i-'i'ininu
part of the 1'umUd or peinianent deb! oi tlie Tinted
Ktates in coin, and this n-aure lia^ not been i\(.\ Mted
from dining myadmmi=tration ot its
