810
THE 00JNTGBESSIOJSTMj GLOBE.
November 29,
This letter was dated May 18, and this dis-
cussion >vas on the 22d of June, more than a
month afterward. Xt will be observed that in
this letter there is no pledge of the Secretary
of the Treasury directly applicable to this act
under consideration. His language is carefully
guarded. He says : •' It has been the constant
usage of the Department to redeem all coupon
and registered bonds forming part of the functed
or permanent debt of the United States in
coin," of which usage there was no manner of
dispute, because it had always been the usage.
But at that time we were enacting a new law,
and the use of the words "payable in coin"
was, as I show, purposely avoided, the atten-
tion of the House being called to the matter
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] and also by myself in the amend-
ment which I proposed.
The House at that time acted considerately
upon the subject, and refused to make a direct
pledge for the payment of these bonds in coin.
1 deeply regretted it at the time. But I should
not have made these remarks now if the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine] had not said
that I was "apparently satisfied" with the ex-
planation which was then given. I was very
much dissatisfied; for I foresaw all this diffi-
culty, all this misunderstanding upon the part
of the public, and the doubt which might be
thrown upon the honor and character of the
Government. What is our duty now, in view
of the subsequent letters of the Secretaries of
the Treasury, the advertisements which have
been put forth upon the part of the Govern-
• ment, the declarations which have been made
semi-officially and officially, it is not for me to
say. All that I have to say upon the subject
is that, as appears by the record here before
me, the House did not act inconsiderately
or with its eyes shut; that its attention was
directed to the subject when this act was be-
fore the House for consideration and discus-
sion.
Mr. MAYNARD obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. STOICBS, who moved that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes re-
ported that the Committeeof the Whole on the
state of the Union, according to order, had had
under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly bill of the House
No. 89, relating to the reduction of the cur-
rency, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
impeachment kel'ollts.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution, on which
he demanded the previous question :
Hemhed, That, eight thousand extra copies of the
majority and minority reports of the Committee on
the Judiciary on the subject of impeachment be
printed tor the use of the House.
Mr. GARFIELD. Does that include the
testimony?
Mr. LAFLIN. It d oes not.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table. ,
' The latter motion was agreed to.
naval life insurance.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill making provisions for widows
and heirs of officers of the Navy, and estab-
lishing naval life insurance; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
artificial limbs.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
llesolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be, and is hereby, instructed to examine into the
expediency of providing by law for furnishing through
the Pension Bureau^11 necessary artificial limbs and j
other supports at the expense of the Government to
the soldiers and seamen from time to time when
need"d during their natural Iiv-e^ who aie'now or
may bo disabled from the effects of wounds received
or diseases incurred in the servico of the United
States.
elections to congress.
Mr. MALLORY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to establish a uniform time
for holding elections for Representatives and
Delegates to the Congress of the United States;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Elections.
employes at washington navy-yard.
Mr. JULIANj by unanimous consent, moved
that the Committee on Expenditures in the
Navy Department be discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of the
mechanics and cmploy6s in the Washington
navy-yard praying an increase of compensa-
tion and an amendment of the laws regulating
the same, and that the same be referred to the
Committee on Education and Labor.
The motion was agreed to.
kedemption of bank circulation.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce the following resolution*.
Resolved, That the Committee on Banking and
Currency should consider the propriety and expe-
diency of requiiing the national banking associa-
tions on and after the 1st day of May, 1868, to redeem
their circulation in coin.
Objection was made.
And then, on motion of Mr. INGERSOLL,
(at three o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., wore presented under
therule, andreferred to the appropriate committees:
15y the SPEAKER: Tho petition of Richard W.
Davi*, of Goliad, Texas, asking to bo reinbtated to
all rights and privileges lost by participation in the
rebellion.
By Mr. COBB: The claim of Little 13. Madmg.
By Mr. ilGGLKSTON: The memorial .of Eliza
More, of Cincinnati, asking for an additional pension.
By Mr. PERU AM: Tho petition of Mrs. Annie
Baglcy, fur peiibiou.
notices 03? bills.
The following notices for leave to introduce bills
were given under tho rules :
By Mr. OaVANAIRtII: A bill to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from the
Mississippi liver through the State of Mmnesotaand
the Temtoues of Dakota and Montana and tho
State of Oregon to the Pacific ocean.
Also, a bill making an appropriation for the erec-
tion of public buildings in. the Territory of Montana.
Also, a bill-to establish a branch mint in the Terri-
tory of Montana.
Also, a bill granting to Delegates in the House of
Representatives from the several Territories of the
United States the same rights and privileges now
enjoyed and exercised by members of Congress from
the several States—including the right to vote on all
questions and appointments on committees.
By Mr. KERR: A bill directing a district court to
be held at the city of New Albany, in tho Stato of
Indiana.
IN SENATE.
Friday, November 29, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
Tlio Journal of Wednesday was read and
approved.
close of the session.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiekson', its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the resolution
of the Senate providing for an adjournment of
tho two Houses without day on Monday, the
2d of December.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. POMEROY. I have the honor to pre-
sent a petition from Thomas Garrett and others,
citizens of the United States, living in Wilming-
ton, Delaware, asking for immediate legislation
to secure equal and impartial suffrage wherever
the jurisdiction of the United States extends.
I move that tliQ petition be referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN presented resolutions of the
city council of Cincinnati, Ohio, against any
further contraction of the currency, and in favor
of paying United States bonds in legal-tender
notes; which were referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented additional pa-
pers in the case of P. V. Poland, who prays
to be compensated for houses destroyed 6y
United States forces at Scottsville, Albemarle
county, Virginia; which were referred to the
Committee on Claims.
contumacious witness.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am directed by the joint
select Committee on Retrenchment to report
that Mr. Dunbar, who was ordered to be arrested
for a contempt of the Senate in not answering
certain questions propounded to him by the
committee, has been arrested and brought here,
and has voluntarily appeared before the com-
mittee, and has answered all the questions that
we thought it necessary to propose to him, and
has satisfied us that ho intended no disrespect
to the committee or to tho Senate in his pre-
vious refusal to answer, it having been based
upon what-he considered a point of honor. I
beg leave, therefore, from that committee to
report the following resolution:
Whereas Edward E. Dunbar, now in the custody
of the Sergeant-at-Arms under an arrest upon a war-
rant of the President of the Senate, to answer for a
-contempt in refusing to answer certain interroga-
tories propounded to liim by the joint Committee on
Retrenchment, before which he had been duly sworn
as a witness, has appeared before the said joint com-
mittee and made answer to such interrogatories as
have been put to him by its order: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed
to discharge tho said Edward E. Dunbar from custody
upon payment of tho legal fees chargeable upon tho
warrant upon which lie has been anested : and that
further proceedings in the matter bo thereupon dis-
pensed with.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
england and abyssinia.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. li. No. 69) to preserve the neu-
trality between the Government of Great Brit-
aina,nd the King of Abyssinia, which was read
the first time by its title.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
AVhcreas we are at peace with all sovereign Powers
and Stales; and whereas hostilities have unhappily
commenced between the Government of Great Brit-
ain and the'King of Abyssinia; and whereas we aro
at peace with the Government and with iho King of
Abyssinia: Therefore,
llesolved, die., Thatwe now declareour determina-
tion to maintain a strict and impartial neutrality in
the contest botwoen tho said contending parties,
granting to tho flag of each belligerent tho same
rights, privileges, and immunities, both upon laud
and water.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, this is
a -copy verbatim of the proclamation issued by
the British Government on the 14th day of
May, 18G1, simply changing the name of the
United States to that of Great Britain, and of
the confederate States to that of Abyssinia.
If there is no objection, and I presume there
will be none, as it is simply returning her own
compliment to us under similar circumstances,
I should like to have the resolution put upon
its passage at onee. I hold in my hand the
English proclamation of which this is a copy.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the consideration of the reso-
lution at this time ?
Mr. SUMNER. I think it had better lie on
the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution goes over under the
rule.
continuance of business to next session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to offer a res-
olution relating to the business of the body,
and I ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That all subjects before the Senate at tho
close of the present session, including those beforo
committees, shall be continued to tho next session,
and shall then bo proceeded with in the same man-
ner as if no adjournment of the Senate had taken
place: and the papers which havo been referred to
tho committees, and maybe in their possession at tho
