812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
November 30,
recentncss of this event compels a general treatment
of some features of the.ease as it is presented by the
majority, which otherwise would havo been treated
of more in detail."
The action of the committee on the 8d day
of June last had been published to the coun-
try by the authority of the committee, and it
was deemed proper by my colleague on the
committee from Vermont [Mr. Woodbkidge]
and myself that the date of the official re-
versal of that action should appear in our
report. This was our first purpose. We were
transferred from a majority to a minority, and
were compelled to redraft our report to some
extent; but we were not prepared to do this
until after the reading of the majority report
to the committee; hence we said that " forty-
eight hours have not yet elapsed since we were
informed of the character of the report which
represents this changed attitude of the com-
mittee," and thereby simply stated the truth.
We had not time to adjust our report to all of
the positions assumed by the majority of the
committee; and our statement in this regard
was intended for our own defense, and not as
an attack on our colleague from New York.
The statement was read to the committee and
was passed without challenge by every mem-
ber thereof. It certainly was not my inten-
tion to cast any reflection on the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Churchill.] I knew of
no reason which would justify mo in question-
ing his motives, or in suspecting his personal
or official integrity. I regretted the change
which his final vote evidenced ; but it never
entered my mind to suspect him of other than
conscientious action ; and I now believe that
what he has done is the result of his sense of
public duty. I feel confident that he did not
act from a mercenary motive, and that he was
not a ''Judas " in the body of the committee.
Nor can I believe that he was "an importu-
nate beggar for place and patronage at the
footstool of executive power." His conduct,
so far as my knowledge extends, has presented
quite the reveise side of this picture. He has
abstained from asking executive favor, and
has, as I believe, been scrupulously correct in
this regard. However much he may have
erred in judgment, let it not bo charged to
improper motives or to mercenary consider-
ations; for I cinnot believe that either of
these elements have entered into his action
as a member of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
J'UKCIIASK OF RUSSIAN POSSESSIONS.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following preamble and resolution ;
which were read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas it is provided in the first' aiticlo of tho
Constitution of the United States that "no money
shall bo drawn from tho Treasury except in conso-
quoneo of appropriations made by law," and in the
second section thereof that tho President "shall
have power, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, to make treaties;" and whereas the
President has, by and with theadvico and consent of
the Senate, made a treaty with the Emperor of Rus-
sia, by the terms of which the Russian Government
undeitakes to cede certain territory to the United
States, and the Government of tho United States
undertakes to pay therefor from tho Treasury tho
sum of S7,liOO,OUO in gold: Therefore,
Jteaolved, That the Committee on tho Judiciary
be instructed to consider and report whether, under
the Constitution of the United States and the law of
nations. Congress has tho right to grant or refuse, at
its discretion, an appropriation for the payment stipu-
lated in said treaty.
RESOLUTIONS ON FINANCE.
, Mr. BGGLESTON, by unanimous consent,
presented resolutions passed by the city council
of the city of Cincinnati with reference to
finance; which were referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered t.o be
printed.
DISTILLERY METERS. '
Mr. MUNGrEN. I ask unanimous consent to
offer a resolution. I wish to mate a statement
in regard to it, and then to have it referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman desire
to have his resolution read before he makes
his statement or afterward?
Mr. MUNGEN. Before.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows :
Whereas there is at present a very heavy contract,
involving an outlay on rho part of t no Government
of hundreds of thousands and pernaps millions ot
dollars, for the manufacture of meters to oe attached
to stills for the avowed purpose of measuring the
quantity of spirits distilled, so as to get, tho correet
basis for taxation; and whereas this House has no
definite knowledge of tho practical working and
utility of such motors, nor whether they aro so con-
structed that frauds on tho revenue can be perpe-
trated through their instrumentality; nor does this
House know whether meters that cost fcd.500 in.ght
not be furnished at $100, if they are found to bo of
any value at all: Therefore,
lie it resolved by the House of Representative? of the
United States, That the Seeictary of tho Treasury be
required to suspend at once all further action under
and execution of the aforesaid contract, until such
time as this House can inquire into tho facts con-
nected with this subject.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask whether the
gentleman contemplates the passage of tho res-
olution at this time. I
Mr. MUNGEN. I do not. I wish to make
a statement, and then to have the matter referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. MAYNAItD. 1 have no objection to
that.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
gentleman from Ohio making a statement now?
No objection was made.
Mr. MUNGEN. It will be remembered by
the House that I offered a resolution one day
last week bearing upon this question, and ask-
ing for information; but thus far there has been
no answer to that resolution of inquiry touch-
ing this matter.
I am told by practical mechanics that these
meters are not such as were contemplated at
all; that they aro capable of being tampered
with; that you can insert a fine wire by rais-
ing the top, or otherwise, that will stop the
registering of the liquors and permit the spirits
to pass through unregistered. It is well known
that these bonded warehouses are kept locked
up; a person so disposed can raise the lid of
one of these meters, by a "jimmy" or some
such instrument, and by running in a fine wire
stop the registering, and when he hears any-
body coming he can draw out the wire and the
registering goes on; that tlicy can be stopped
or disarranged in other ways. My object in
offering the resolution is to have the matter
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means
and let them get the opinion of practical men,
mechanics as well as scientific men.
Let me say another thing. While we might
get a meter of this kind \vhich if properly
managed and honestly conducted would regis-
ter the number of liquid or wine gallons, I
fail to see how wo can got a meter that will
register the wine gallons and proof gallons, the
latter being those on which the taxation is
based.
I would like very much to have this matter
fairly tested. If I am not mistaken, it costs
nearly as much now to collect the revenue on
distilled spirits as the revenue amounts to.
I fear there is "something rotten in the state
of Denmark" and I want to see where it is.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
TIIE TAX ON COTTON.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
presented the following resolution of the Gen-
eral Assembly of the State of Tennessee ; which
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed :
Whereas the tax imposed by the Government of
the United States upon cotton grown therein rests
as a burden upon the country, and especially upon
employes and small producers, which, in the present
depressed value of that staple is oppressive and ruin-
ous: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State
of Tennessee, That our Senators in Congress bo, and
they aro hereby, instructed, and our "Representatives
requested, to use theirinfluence to procure the repeal
or modification of the tax on cotton and tobacco.
Itesoleed further, That the Secretary of State of the
State of Tennessee m;ikc a fair copy of ihis resolution
and transmit the same to the Senators and Repre-
sentatives of this State in the Congress of tho United
Stated.
Adopted November 12, 1857.
F. S. RTCIIARDS,
Speaker of the House of U< presentativci.
D. W. C. SENTER,
Speaker of the Senate.
I, Andrew J. Fletcher, Secretary of State of tho
State of Tennessee, do certify that tho foregoing is a
copy of a joint resolution of the General As.-cnibly
of the State of Tennessee, tho original of which is
now on file in my office.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto subscribed
my official signature, and by order of tho
Governor affixed the gi cat seal of the State
[seal.] of Tennesseo, at the department in tho city
of Nashville, this 27th day of November, A.
D. 1867.
A. J. FLETCHER,
Secretary of State.
CLERKS FOR COMMITTEES.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am
requested to offer the following resolution in
relation to the employment of clerks for some
of the committees of the House which have
usually had clerks:
Resolved, That tho following standing committees
of tho House be authorized to employ clerks during
tho sessions of the Fortieth Congress at the rate of
four dollars per day while actually employed: Ac-
counts, Naval Affairs, Military Affairs, Public Lands,
Foreign Affairs, Post Office and Post Roads, Distiict
of Columbia, Territories, Commerce, and Indian
Affairs.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, "moved to
reconsider the vote by which tho resolution
was adopted; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
revenue service.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, offered the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
liesolved. That tho Secretary of tho Treasury be
diiected to communicate to this House the whole
number of vessels of all descriptions, their names,
tonnage, &c., in tho revenue service of the United
States, where employed, the entire cost of maintain-
ing such vessels for the year ending September 30,
1807, the number and names of the revcnue-cutteis
sold within the last two years, and for what amount;
tho number and names of all the officers employed in
tho said revenue-cutters, and whether any vessels in
the said revenue service can be dispensed with with-
out prejudice to the public interest.
cStton tax.
Mr. EGGLESTON presented resolutions of
the Chamber of Commerce of Cincinnati, rec-
ommending the repeal of the cotton tax; which
were referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
TETtSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. ARNELL. I ask unanimous consent
to make a personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. How much time does the
gentleman de'sire?
Mr. ARNELL. Not exceeding five minutes.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection? The
Chair hears none.  
Mr. ARNELL. I hold in my hand a copy
of the Daily Globe of November 22, 18(37, in
which the following paragraph occurs in the
remarks of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Brooks:]
"I have also objections to urge to the admission
of Mr. Aknkll, of the sixth district of Tennessee.
During the war ho was established in tho county of
Lawrenc'c, Tennessee, where he lives, and had a tan-
nery which, during no inconsiderable portion of the
war, was devoted to the manufacture of shoes. Ho
declared he was unable to supply his neighbors with
shoes because such were tho requisitions of the rebel
authorities upon him that before he could supply
the women and children of ins neighborhood with
shoes ho must supply this foundation and under-
standing of the rebel array."
I was absent from the city, Mr. Speaker—
nothavingarrived from Tennessee—when these
remarks were made. I now desire simply to
say that the charges contained in this para-
graph are, in every respect, false and garbled
—untrue both in letter and spirit. It was
never ray fortune to have lived in Lawrence—
a noble and loyal county of middle Tennesseo
