1867.
THE'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
813
—and the information is entirely new to me
that I owned a tannery in that county; nor
did I ever, at any time or in any place, manu-
facture or cause to be manufactured shoes for
rebel purposes. And neither publicly nor pri-
vately, during the rebellion, did I express any
sympathy for it, or desire to aid "its founda-
tion or understanding," as the gentleman has
it. The entire statement is false and garbled.
It is true that I owned a leather establishment
in Lewis county, Tennessee, and that the rebels
got leather therefrom; but the statement as
made by the gentleman from New York is not
true. Prior to the war, in connection with
other parties, I was engaged in the manufac-
ture of leather, and the breaking out of the war
found mo so occupied.
After the fall of Fort Donelson General Buell
occupied my section of the country; but upon
his retreat from Cormth, Mississippi, middle
Tennessee was left entirely exposed to the
rebels. Before, however, the withdrawal of
the Federal forces from my vicinity I promptly
informed the officer in command, General
James S. Negley, that there was a considera-
ble amount of leather in this establishment,
and requested him to seize or destroy it. He
replied that the abandonment of middle Ten-
nessee would be very brief. lie could not
transport it, and did not consider the necessity
sufficiently great to destroy it. For six dreary
months thereafter VanDorn and Forrest occu-
pied that section of country, conscripting men
for the rebel service, seizing and impressing
every article of food, clothing, and transporta-
tion. A guard of rebel soldiers came to my
premises, took possession of this leather in
the name of the confederacy, did what force
and bayonets are always able to do, carried it
off in their own wagons, and doubtless used it
for rebel purposes. This is the head and front
of my offending—material out eff which the
rebel press in my own State and elsewhere have
manufactured every variety of charge. They
are welcome to all that they can make out of
it. Let any man, here or elsewhere, produce
one written or published line of mine savoring
of disloyalty.
It is a singular fact, that I leave the gentle-
man from New York to explain, that during
the years 1861, 18G2, 186-3, and 1864 the rebels,
with halters and shot-guns, were hunting Union
men by the thousand, yet since that time the
rebels of the South and their Democratic friends
North have not been able to discover a single
southern man that they are willing to acknowl-
edge loyal! In the mad hour of the rebellion
I gave to my country's cause no doubtful or
lukewarm support. In 1861 I took the stump
publicly against secession. In 1862, when the
Federal Army entered Tennessee, I rallied the
scattered Unionists, and we held meetings
expiessive of our unalterable devotion to the
Union. In -1864, at the suggestion of the then
military governor of Tennessee, Andrew John-
son, I reorganized my own county of Maury,
with the aid of other Unionists, upon a loyal
basis. In the Tennessee Legislature of 1865
and 1866 I did my humble share toward build-
ing—not a despotism, as the gentleman from
New York says, but a free, loyal, republican
State government. That Legislature disfran-
chised nobody, but simply enfranchised her
loyal citizens. In tearing down the flag of the
Union the rebels of Tennessee disfranchised
themselves. The Legislature in its wisdom
left them exactly where they found them ; and
it is very natural that their friends on the other
side of this House should object. False,
traitor-hearted Democracy is responsible both
for rebellion and disfranchisement.
" Let tho galled jade wince."
Mr. Speaker, the blood of the Revolution
travels along my veins. My ancestors fought
and brought back wounds from King's mount-
ain and Yorktown ; therefore I was unwilling
to allow such charges as those set out by the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] to
be made upon this floor and go uncontra-
dicted to tho country. Nothing is easier than
to make reckless charges to blacken other
men's character, but I do not envy either the
head or the heart of the man so engaged.
INCREASE OF PENSIONS.
Mr. CHURCHILL introduced a bill to
amend an act entitled "An act increasing the
pensions of widows and orphans, and for other
purposes," approved July 25,1860; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
CONTRACTION OP XIIE CURRENCY.
Mr. MILLER introduced a joint resolution
to prevent any further contraction of the cur-
rency ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
ANNEXATION OF BRITISH COLUMBIA.
Mr. MILLER also introduced a joint resolu-
tion for the purchase and annexation to the
United States of America of British Columbia,
including Vancouver's island, provided the
same can be accomplished upon such fair and
honorable terms as may be satisfactory to both
nations; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
JURIES IN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. WELKER introduced a bill to provide
for juries in certain cases in the District of
Columbia; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
TOST ROUTES IN OIIIO.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, introduced a bill to
establish certain post routes in the State of
Ohio; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
CINCINNATI, OHIO.
Mr. EGGLESTON introduced a bill declar-
ing the city of Cincinnati, State of Ohio, a port
of entry; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
REPEAL OF TAX ON COTTON.
Mr. NUNN introduced a bill for the repeal
of the tax on cotton; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
TAXATION OF GREENBACKS, ETC.
Mr. HUNTER introduced a bill to provide
for the taxation of all that species of currency
known asgreenbacks, compound-interest notes,
and national currency by the various States
and Territories of the United States, as other
personal property therein is taxed, and for
other purposes ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Banking and Curiency, and ordered to be
printed.
PENSIONS" FOR WAR OF 1S12, ETC.
Mr. HUNTER also introduced a bill to pro-
vide pensions for certain officers and soldiers
of the United States who served in the war of
1812, in the Mexican war, and in the Indian
wars up to and including the Black Hawk war,
and for other purposes ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Pensions and of the War
of 1812.
NAVAL OFFICERS RESTORED TO ACTIVE LIST.
Mr. NIBLACK introduced a bill concerning
the promotion of officers who have been re-
stored to the active list in the United States
Navy; which was read a first and second time,
referred to tho Committee on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
EDWARD KINDRED.
Mr. INGERSOLL introduced a bill to
authorize the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Edward Kindred, of Peoria, Illi-
nois, on the pension^rolls ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS IN MICHIGAN.
Mr. FERRY introduced a bill to reestablish
the boundaries and to change the names of
certain collection districts in the State of Mich-
igan ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
JOHN SEDGWICK.
Mr. HIGBY introduced a joint resolution
for the relief of John-Sedgwick, collector of
internal revenue for the third district of Cal-
ifornia ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
GEORGE W. HARRIS AND DAVIS EVANS.
Mr. MALLORY introduced a joint resolu-
tion for the relief of the estate of George W.
Harris and Davis Evans ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
CALIFORNIA AND OREGON RAILROAD.
Mr. MALLORY also introduced a bill to
amend an act entitled " An act granting lands
to aid in the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from the Central Pacific rail-
road, in California, to Portland, in Oregon,"
approved July 25, 1866 ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad.
NEW ALBANY, INDIANA.
Mr. KERR introduced a bill directing a
district court to be held -at the city of JSew
Albany, in the State of Indiana; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
reconsider the votes by which all those several
bills were referred to committees; and also
move to lay that motion on the table.
The SPEAKER. These bills cannot, under
the rule, be brought back by motions to recon-
sider.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I was not
aware that this call was made under that
rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has made the
call under that rule, because the call cannot
be made on the first day of the next session,
which will commence at twelve o'clock m. to-
day, there being no Journal to be read on that
day.
CALL OF STATES FOR RESOLUTIONS.
The SPEAKER. The next business in
order is the call of States and Territories in
inverted order for the introduction of resolu-
tions.
OCCUPANCY OF SAN JUAN ISLAND.
Mr. FLANDERS. I offer the following res-
olution, on which I demand the previous ques-
tion :
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of term-
inating the joint occupancy of San Juan Island;
also, the number of troop? we now have stationed
thine, and the cost to this Government of bupporting
the same; and that the *aid committee be requested
to report the facts to this House at an early day.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered: and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
CHARLES P. JOHNSON.
Mr. BAKER submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
adopted:
JicsoIvcJ, That the Committee on Military Affairs
1)0 instructed to inquire what measure of relief, if
any, is necessarv and proper in the case of Charles
P. Johnson, of Upper Alton, Illinois, late a captain
in the seventeenth resiment of Iowa volunteers, and
to repoit ilull or otherwise.
