816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 2,
Mr: CIIANLWU. Prom tlie tenor of the
remarks which have fallen from the chairman
of the committee, [Mr. Dawes,] irrespective
of any previous conversation on the subject
with him or with the' sitting member, I judge
that he would accept as an amendment or a
substitute a motion that the Committee of
Elections be discharged from the farther con-
sideration of this subject. I do not wish to
assume the responsibility of acting in this mat-
ter without the concurrence of the committee;
but if the chairman is willing to submit that
question to the House at this time, the adop-
tion of such a proposition would certainly carry
with it all the advantages of economy, while it
would not commit us, as members of the com-
mittee conducting the investigation, to any of
the charges made against the character of the
sitting member. The sitting member is, under
the present circumstances, resting under a
serious charge; and by the action which I sug-
gest the House would simply declare that, in
view of the peculiar character of the charge,
and in view of the state of the testimony, which
the chairman and the members of the commit-
tee are at liberty to state at this time does not
convict the sitting member of the charge made,
the House would dismiss this matter entirely,
and relieve the committee, wliich has numer-
ous otiier eases of great importance upon its
hands, from any further consideration of the
ease of the sitting member from the fourth dis-
trict of Connecticut. With the permission of
the chairman, and in view of the suggestion
which he has thrown out, I will make the mo-
tion that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject.
Mr. DAWES. In reply to the suggestion of
my colleague on thecommittee, [Mr. Ciiauler,]
1 will say that 1 for one am not prepared to say
to the country that a charge made against a
.member of this House in a serious and proper
manner that he holds his seat by bribery is not
a charge that demands of this House the fullest
and fairest investigation, a report upon it by a
committee, and the action of the House upon
it. Suck a charge has been made here against
the member fiom the fourth district of Con-
necticut. The Committee of Elections have
pursued (he investigation for a time. I have
felt it my duty to refrain from expressing an
opinion upon the character of the evidence;
for it appeared to mo that it did not become
me as a member of the committee to do so
before the committee has made a report. I
think, for one, that it becomes the House to
investigate such a charge with some serious-
ness. 1 should think it would be a matter of
some importance to the sitting member him-
self to have a report from this committee upon
those charges, and not have them stifled with-
out investigation.
I do not think, therefore, I ean, as one mem-
ber of this House, yield to the suggestion of
my colleague. I propose, if the House sus-
tains me, (o pursue that investigation with fair-
ness and candor, and if it appears by the testi-
mony that these charges are groundless against
this man he shall have the benefit of my testi-
mony in that respcct. If it shall appear the}'
are well grounded in the evidence, and are
true, I shall feel called upon as one member
to bear my evidence before the House on that
fact. I do not wish to shrink from the un-
pleasant duty devolved on myself as well as
upon the gentleman from New York, whatever
may be the result, and I have not anticipated
the result in any word or motion I have made
in the House. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. CIIANLER. I wish to say that it was
on the gentleman's suggestion the motion was
made by me.
Mr. SPALDING. I barely wish to say
that 1 am no friend of bribery here or in any
place.
Mr. DAWES. I am sure of that.
Mr. SPALDING. And if the gentleman
says this is a serious matter I will withdraw
any opposition on my part and vote for this
resolution.
Mr. DAWES. I now insist on the demand
for the previous question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
eighty-one, noes not cotfnted.
So the previous question was seconded, and
the main question was then ordered; and
under the operation thereof the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REPEAL OF TONNAGE DUTY.
Mr. PERHAM submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be directed to inquire into the expediency of repeal-
ing so much of existing laws as imposes and fixes a
tonnage duty on American vessels, and report by bill
or otherwise.
CLERKS OF-COMMITTEES.
Mr. PERHAM. The Committee on Invalid
Pensions, which has hitherto had aelerk, is not
provided for in the resolution of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Washbubxe,] adopted this
morning.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ It was
intended to bo provided for, as that is one of
the committees which must have a clerk. I
move, by unanimous consent, that it may be
inserted in the resolution.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. p6MEROY. Has the Committee on
Banking and Currency been included in the
resolution for emoloying clerks?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
the list be read.
The SPEAKER. Clerks have been author-
ized by the resolution for the following com-
mittees: On Accounts, Naval Affairs, Mili-
tary Affairs, Public Lands, Foreign Affairs,
Post Office and Post Roads, District of Col-
umbia, Territories, Commerce, and Indian
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency is not included, then ?
Mr. WASHB URNE, of Illinois. Had that
committee a clerk at the last session?
Mr. POMEROY. We had one employed for
months steadily.
Mr. BAKER. I will not vote for a clerk for
a committee until it is made to appear that a
clerk is needed.
Mr. HIGBY. I ask that the Committee on
Mines and Mining be also included.
Mr. BAKER. I object to that also, for the
same reason.
Mr. OllTII. I move that the Committee on
Private Land Claims be included.
Mr. BAKER. I object.
Mr. LAFLIN. I askthat a clerk be allowed
to the Committee on Printing.
Mr._ WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
feel disposed to object; but I understand that
committee had no clerk until at the last ses-
sion.
Mr. BAKER. I object.
Mr. CHANLER. I move that the minorities
of the several committees be also authorized
to employ assistant clerks. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROOMALL. I object.
Mr. JULIAN. I desire to make a state-
ment in regard to the Committee on Public
Lands. The elerk of that committee is employed
by the year at a fixed salary, and the resolu-
tion authorizing his employment makes it his
duty to remain here during the year and keep
up the maps of the public surveys in a room
specially set apart for that purpose, and take
charge of and preserve the land maps ordered
by this House. He also performs the duty of a
draftsman, and tlius saves the Government the
expense formerly allowed to such officer, whose
appointment has been discontinued. I hope
that the House will 'not interfere with the
arrangement already made by law respecting
this matter. The duties of this clerk are pecu-
liar, and additional to the duties of other
clerks of .this House.
The SPEAKER. The hour fixed by the
concurrent resolution of both Houses of Con-
gress for the final adjournment of this session
having arrived, I declare the first session of
the Fortieth Congress adjourned without daj.
PETITION.
The following petition was presented under tlio
rule, and reforred to the appropriate eommitteo:
By Mr. EGGLBSTON: The memorial of E. V.
Brookfield, of Ohio, praying payment for articles
lost or taken from him while he was a prisoner of
war.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 2, 18C7.
The Senate met at half past eleven o'clock
a. m., pursuant to adjournment.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
CAP'LTRKD A.ND AHANDO.N'KD PROPERTY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the following communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury:
Treasury Department, November GO, 1807.
Sir: In reply to a resolution offered In .the Senate
of the United States yesterday by lion. J. Conxkss,
and adopted an the same day, calling on mo to in-
form the Senate at my eaihest convenience whether
a sum of ^S.U,5'_ni 31, which appears ir> .>i House of
llcpiesentatives Kxecutn e Document No. 97, second
session Thnty-Ninth Congress, page oS, to have been
received by Co'onel S. 13. Il'dabird. assistant uurti-
tcrmaster. chief quarterunasier of the department of
the Gulf up to February, 18u3, as the net piot ccds of
captuied and abandoned property, and to have been
used in the quartermaster's department ob if belong-
ing to the regular funds of that department by direc-
tion of the major general then commanding the
department of the Gulf, "has been credited to the
account of captured and abandoned property in the
Treasury of the United States, and is included in
the total net sum realized from such property,
seen in said report, and whether the said sum of
money has been charged to the account of the quar-
termaster's department, and if not so charged to the
quartermaster's department, what legislation is neces-
sary to effect that object," I have the honor to state:
That the exhibit referred to by the honorable Sen-
ator as appearing in the Executive Document No. 97,
sccond session Thirty-Ninth Congress, shows the re-
sult of a preliminary examination of Colonel llola-
bird's accounts by the quartermaster's department:;
that in the regular loutineof official business they
have been under examination for about a year last
past in the office of the Third Auditor, which exam-
ination will probably be completed during the next
two months; that whatever amount shall thereupon
be ascertained to have accrued from the sale ot cap-
tured and abandoned property and to have been
used lor expenses ol the qumtermaster's department
will then be transferred by executive action, already
authorized by law upon the statement of the Third
Auditor, to the fund to which it belongs, andbechargcd
against the quartermaster's department, and that no
legislation is necessary to erleet^tliis object; also thai
such amount is not included in the total net sum
shown by the report referred to to have been thus far
realized from captured and abandoned property.
I have tko honor to be, your obedient peyvant,
ii. Mcculloch,
Secretary of the Treasury.
To the President of the Senate of the United States.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, the commu-
nication was ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
Subsequently, on the motion of Mr. Confess,
the order to print the communication was re-
scinded.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a memorial of
the constitutional convention of the State of
Alabama, in favor of the repeal of tax on cot-
ton ; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Atchison, Kansas, praying for imme-
diate legislation to secure to women equal suf-
frage with men in the District of Columbia;
which was referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee, presented
resolutions of the Legislature of Tennessee,
