SENATE—SPECIAL SESSION.
FORTIETH CONGRESS..
SPECIAL SESSION.
IN SENATE.
Monday, April 1, 1867.
In pursuance of the President's proclama-
tion of March 30, the Senate assembled at
twelve o'clock noon to-day, in the Senate
Chamber, in the Capitol, at the city of Wash-
ington.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore (Hon. Ben-
jamin F. Wade) called the Senate to order.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The proc-
lamation of the President of the United States
will be read.
The Secretary read the proclamation, as fol-
lows :
By the President of the United States of America :
A Proclamation*
"Whereas objects of interest to the United States
require that the Senate should be convened at twelve
o'clock on Monday, the 1st day of April noxt, to re-
ceive and act upon such communications as may be
made to it on the part of the Executive:
Now, therefore, I, Andrew Johnson, President of
the United States, have considered i* to be my duty
to issue this my proclamation, declaring that an ex-
traordinary occasion requires the Senate of the Uni-
ted States to convene for the transaction of business
at the Capitol, in the city of "Washington, on Monday,
tho 1st day of April next, at twelve o'clock on that
day, of which all who shall at that time be entitled
to act as members of that body are hereby required
to take noticc.
Given under my hand and the seal of the United
States, at Washington, the thirtieth day of
-I March, in the year of our Lord one thousand
OLAh.j hundred and sixty-seven, and of the
independenceof the United States of America
the ninety-lirst.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
By the President:
William H. Sewakd, Secretary of State.
notification to tiie president.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. ANTHONY. Before that motion is
put, I wish to offer some necessary preliminary
resolutions. '
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands it to be the invariable practice to
organize the Senate, as it may be called ; that
is, to inform the President that a quorum is
present, and to take action in regard to com-
mittees before any other business is proceeded
with.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That aeommitteceonsistingof two mem-
bers be appointed to wait on the President of tho
United States and informliim that a quorum of the
Senate has assembled, and that the Senate is ready
to receive any communication he may be pleased to
make.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore being au-
821
thorized to appoint the committee, Messrs.
Anthony and Hendricks were appointed.
hour of meeting.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Ordered, That tho hour of the daily meeting of tho
Senate be twelve o'clock meridian, until otherwise
ordered.
standing committees.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer another resolu-
tion ; I do it wiroout consultation, but I pre-
sume it will meet with general assent:
Resolved, That tho standing committees of the Sen-
ate of the last session bo continued during the present
special session.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe all the prelim-
inary resolutions have now been passed. I
move that the Senate proceed to the consider-
ation of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and sifter some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the committee ap-
pointed to wait on the President of the United
States and inform him that a quorum of the
Senate has assembled, and that the Senate is
ready to receive any communication he may
be pleased to make, reported that the commit-
tee had performed the duty assigned them, and
that the President replied that he would make
a communication to the Senate in writing to-
morrow.
PAJtaS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, That Delphine P. Baker have leave to
withdraw from the files of th c Senate her petition
praying that tho Government buildings at Point
Lookout, formerly occupied as a prison for rebel
soldiers, may be appropriated for the National Mil-
itary and Naval Asylum.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
Tuesday, April 2, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
revision of district laws.
Mr. ifAELAN submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
liesolved, That the Committee on the District of
Columbia be instructed to prosecute tho revision of
the laws of the District of Columbia authorized by a
joint resolution entitled "Aresolution to provide for
the revision of the laws of the District of Columbia^
approved June 18,1864, and that they have authority
to sit during the recess of the Senate and to employ
the necessary clerical assistance tor that purpose, not
exceeding ten dollars per day.
senator from maryland.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise to what I suppose
is a privileged question, and if it is not a privi-
leged one, I ask the indulgence of the Senate
to permit me to do what I desire to do.
On the 27th of March the honorable member
from Michigan [Mr. Howard] stated that he
was then in a condition to make specific
charges against my elected colleague, Hon. Mr.
Thomas, and in support of that statement he
referred to a report made to the stock-holders
of the Bank of Commerce of New York by
the board of directors sometime in the year
1862.
Mr. Thomas came to this city under the Ad-
ministration of Mr. Buchanan to accept the
office of Commissioner of Patents. He held
that for more than a year, and, as I believe, to
the satisfaction of all who had business with
that department.
Mr. CHANDLER. I suppose the Senator
from Maryland alludes to my colleague?
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CHANDLER. Imerelywishtoremind
the Senator that he is not present.,,
Mr. JOHNSON. It is not necessary for
my purpose that he should be, though I would
prefer to have him here. Upon the resigna-
tion of Howell Cobb, which took place I think
some time afeout the 11th of December, 1860,
Mr. Thomas was requested by the President
to accept the office of Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and he was appointed on the 12th of De-
cember. He remained in office until aboift
the 12th or 13th of January succeeding, when
he resigned. His letter of resignation has
already been presented to the Senate by my
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.]
When he came into the Department he found
the Treasury almost entirely depleted. His
predecessor—I have no reason to believe that
it was not done with proper motives—in 1857,
when "there threatened to be a financial crisis
in the country, and especially in New York,
having in his possession some nineteen o£
twenty million dollars not called for as he
supposed by the necessities of the Government,
bought up the stocks of the United States at, I
believe, a premium of some twelve to nineteen
dollars on the hundred. For doing so, as it
operated very beneficially to the banking and
commercial interests of New York, he was ap-
plauded; but the result was that when Mr.
Thomas, his successor, took possession of the
Department he found, as I have stated, that
there wa3 hardly money enough in the Treas-
ury to meet the daily wants of the Govern-
ment. •*
Congress in December, 1860, passed an act
authorizing a loan of $10,000,000 on the issue
of Treasury notes. Under the authority of that
act, the day after it was passed Mr. Thomas is-
sued proposals for apart of the loan, $5,000,000.
The advertisement was published just as soon
as it was possible to do it after the act was
passed. By tho law, if I recollect aright, ten
days' notice was to be given to receive bids.
Those ten days expired about the 27th or 28th
