822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
of December. The interest to accrue upon
the then public debt was to fall due on the 1st
of January. When the Secretary opened the
bids upon the 27th or 28th of December he
found that the Bank of Commerce had sub-
scribed or was willing to take $1,500,000 at a
discount of twelve per cent. At that time the
public debt of the United Stakes did not ex-
ceed some seventy million dollars; and he
directs me to say that the moment he saw the
very extravagant, and, as lie believed, the ex-
orbitant terms upon which alone that bank
was willing to take even that part.of the loan
he hesitated; but knowing that the interest
upon the debt would fall due in a few days,
that is to say an the 1st of January, he deter-
mined to acccpt their bid for that amount, as
that would put him in a condition to meet the
interest. While he was deliberating, and per-
haps before he hijd actually decided, the late
cashier of the Bank of the Metropolis of this
city, Mr. Richard Smith, known to all the
Senators I presume, the correspondent of the
Bank of Commerce, came over to the Depart-
ment bringing with him a telegraphic dispatch
from the Bank of Commerce saying that they
would take the whole loan at the same rate,
twelve per cant. That made him hesitate the
more. He thought it was a very unjustifiable
speculation upon the United States, but'rather
than run the hazard of having the credit of
the United States to suffer from a failure to
meet its obligations on the 1st of January he
agreed to accept the bid, and the bank was so
advised.
According to the terms of the bid and the
law, the amount to be paid was upon subscrib-
ing one dollar in a hundred, and the balance
in five days after the subscription. Five days
would carry it to the 2d or 3d of January. The
interest, as I said, was to fall due upon the 1st.
He had in the sub-Treasury at New York some
$800,000 in coin, and he had transmitted, as
he was authorized to do, to that office more than
one million dollars in Treasury notes ; and he
addressed a letter to Mr. Cisco, the then sub-
Treasurer, telling him that if there was the
slightest doubt that the interest would be met
at maturity, he wished him to apply the money
then in his hands, which was more than suffi-
cient to meet the interest, to that object. Mr.
Cisco replied at once, and as I think properly,
and the Secretary acquiesced in the propriety
of the suggestion, that there were outstanding
drafts in the hands of disbursing officers which
could not be met without his retaining the funds
then in his hands ; and that, although he was
not certain that they would be presented, yet
looking to the contingency of such a presenta-
tion, he advised that no such use should be made
of the funds, and telegraphed him that he could
make another arrangement. The Secretary
at once saw that the suggestion of Mr. Cisco
should be regarded. At that time the Bank
of Commerce, whether it had taken the Jrhole
loan or not, as between itself and others, was
indebted to the Government in $5,000,000, to
Ue paid on the 2d of January, one day only
after the interest was to fall due, and Mr.
Cisco made an arrangement with the bank by
which they agreed to advance, in anticipation
of what they would be compelled to pay on
the 2d of January, an amount sufficient to
meet the interest that was to fall due on the
prior day, and the cashier of the bank, after
having advised the Secretary in a letter, a copy
of which I have in my hand, that they had
taken the loan, wrote under date of the 31st
of December, only one day before the interest
was to accru%-as follows:
Bank of Commerce in New York,
December 31,1860.
Sir: You will learn from the Assistant Treasurer
here, Mr. Cisco, that the parties who made up the
bid for $1,500,000 of Treasury notes have to-day com-
pleted the preliminary arrangements with him for
the balance of the $5,000,000 under your award to
them at twelve per cent, interest—the amount being
$3,169,000—fey the deposit of the required one per
cent., the ccrtificato of which I inclose herewith.
Mr. Cisco will no doubt inform you that many of
the parties who havo now bid for this increased
amount are considerable holders of Treasury notes
maturing* about this time and in the early days of
January, for whose convenience I have to request
that every reasonable facility and dispatch may be
granted in the redemption of the one to furnish the
needful means for the prompt payment of their sub-
scription to tho other. Could you authorize Mr.
Cisco to receive the old notes in exchange for tho
new? If only to a limited extent, there would be a
convenience. If hewere authorized to receive them
as cash to be transmitted by him to Washington, and
tho new notes then returned, the transfer would be
rendered very easy.
I shall feel obliged if it is in your power to safely
and legally consult the convenience of the takers of
the new notes as suggested.
I remain yours, very respectfully,
H. F. VAIL. Cashier,
Hon. Philip F. Thomas, Secretary of the Treasury,
Washington, D. G.
On the same day Mr. Cisco sent to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury a telegraphic dispatch,
which I will also read:
New York, December 31,1860.
Hon. philip F.Thomas, Secretary of the Treaiury:
Tho balancc of the $5,000,000 in Treasury notes,
$3,169,000is taken by the parties referred to at twelve
perccnt. interest, and a preliminary deposit of one
per cent, on this amount has just been made at this
office. The further payments to be made within the
week, and all I require.
JOHN J. CISCO,
Assistant Treasurer United States.
Thus the Senate will see that on the 31st of
December the bank was a debtor to the Uni-
ted States in $5,000,000, its first bid having
been accepted of $1,500,000, and the balance
being accepted, asis stated in this letter, payable
on the 2d of January; and they and others
with whom they were associated held Treasury
notes formerly issued, and a^Jsed the Secretary
as a favor that he would permit the sub-Treas-
urer to take in payment of the loan, which they
had agreed to take, and for which they were
then responsible, those outstanding Treasury
notes as cash. The Senate will also see that
neither in the letter of Mr. Cisco nor in the
letter of the bank is there the slightest intima-
tion that there existed any difficulty about the
payment of the interest, and the Secretary, as
will be evident to any Senator who will consult
the documents to which I am about to refer,
rested confident that the interest would be paid,
and as an evidence of his desire to pay it had
gone to tlfe extent of advising that moneys in
the hands of the sub-Treasurer applicable to
other purposes should, in order to save the credit
of the Government, be applied to the payment
of the interest to fall due on the 1st of January.
The interest was payable in Boston, New York,
Philadelphia, Baltimore, Charleston, New Or-
leans, and Washington, and it was paid punc-
tually ; and he advises me, and requests me to
state, that from that moment until he saw in the
papers of the morning of the 28th of March the
statement made by my friend from Michigan,
he had never heard that the Ba$kof Commerce
or anybody else anticipated a failurein meeting
the interest and preserving the credit of the
Government. He saw that statement and saw
that report for, the first time oh the day after it
was brought before this body by my friend from
Michigan. He was then in Annapolis, returned
to the city as speedily as he could, and wrote
a letter to the Secretary of the Treasury asking
for such information as he supposed would ena-
ble him to defend himself against w;hat he con-
sidered, and as I think properly considered, a
baseless slander; and the Secretary, acting in
that respect justly, directed the information
that he asked for to be furnished, and in answer
to the last question in his letter addressed to
the Secretary, whether there was anyth&g upon
the files of the Department to call in question
his integrity as a public officer, the Secretary
assures him that there is ho evidence at all, but
that his duties were fully and fairly performed.
Naturally he felt what the'Bank of 'Com-
merce had stated as an assault upon his per-
sonal honor. He felt aggrieved. He knew
—and the documents to which he will refer us
are conclusive upon the subject—that there
was not the slightest pretense for making that
assault upon him; and above all was he sur-
prised that it should have come from the Bank
of Commerce, who were speculating upon the
necessities of the Government in demanding
the extravagant rate of discount of twelve per
cent., when the debt which the Government
owed at that time did not exceed $70,000,000.
He therefore, as soon as he could get the
vouchers which he desired in order to defend
himself upon this wanton and groundless
assault, addressed me a letter upon the sub-
ject, accompanied by the vouchers upon which
he relied, and h-e desires, as I desire, the letter
not being long, that it shall be read to the
Senate, and I propose to read it as a part of
my remarks. I have placed it in the hands of
the Secretary, with the request, with the per-
mission of the Senate, that he read it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read if there be no objection.
The Secretary read as follows :
"Washington, March 30,1867.
Sir: On Wednesday, March27,1867,Senator How-
ard, of Michigan, called the attention of your hon-
orable bod^ to an annual report of the Bank of
Commerce, in New York, addressed to their share-
holders, and dated March 12,1862.
From that document the following passages were
read to the Senate :
"Up to the close of December of the eventful year
1860 the interest on the stocks of the United States
falling due on tho 1st of January succeeding had
been, for the first time, left unprovided for by both
Howell Cobb, Secretary of the Treasury, and Philip
F. Thomas, his temporary successor in that office.
No efficient measures-to make seasonable provision
therefor had been taken by either, and the funds in
the Treasury here, which might and should have
been reserved te be applied to the payment of this
interest, wcro drawn and appropriated for othor
purposes at the last hour.
"This was evidently a wicked and treasonable plot
to dishonor tho credit of the United States by default
in the payment of interest on its stocks by neglect-
ing to provide for tho arrears due to the Army and
Navy and tho civil and diplomatic list, including
those due to members of Congress then in session.
44 Tho success of this would have caused great con-
fusion in public affairs and disastrous embarrassment
to the Government, and it became manifest that in-
stant, united efforts were required to defeat it.
44 This institution for itself, and several of its direct-
ors, for their own account, promptly assumed a large
share of an immediate advance, by such banks and
capitalists as had united in the emergency, to tho
United States Treasury of 85,000,000, upon an abso-
lute condition of the payment of the interest, due
the next day, upon tho United States stocks. Others
doubtless woujd have participated in this loan could
they have been consulted; but so carefully had this
treacherous schemc been keptfrom public sight, and
so'late was it discovered, that it was only by the use
of the telegraph that a timely provision could be
made at last/'
I beg leave to observe that I never saw or heard
of the document referred to by the Senator from
Michigan until my attention wns called to thedebato
in which he produced it. If I had been aware that such
a report had ever been made, the Senate may be as-
sured that I should have taken at once the measures
which were necessary to vindicate my name from an
attack which the authors must have known was
wholly false. It is a satisfaction, however, to every
man who has been connected with the administra-
tion of an ExecutiveDepartmentof the Government,
to know that the records of that Department will
always supply the fullest means for his vindication
when ho has pursued steadily the dictates both of
law and of honor in the regulation of his public con-
duct. And although I have had a brief opportunity
of examining the books of the Treasury Department,
I am satisfied that the papers which I now present to
your consideration will suffice to show tho utter un-
truthfulness of the report to which the attention of
the Senate has been called.
I was Secretary of the Treasury from the 12th day
of December, 1860, to the 11th day of January, 1861,
both days included.
You are perfectly awaro that when I entered upon
the duties of that office the monetary affairs of the
Treasury were in an exceedingly embarrassed condi-
tion. The wants of the Government were provided for
by temporary expedients; and as no provision had
been made for the payment of theinterest due in New
York on the debt of the United States, payable Janu-
ary 1, 1861, which interest amounted to about one
jnilion one hundred thousand dollars, I immediately
took measures to remedy this evil as far as it was in
my power, having in view, of course, always the gen-
eral and pressing necessities of the Government atthis
and other places. On the 12th day of December, 1860,
which was the very first day of my conncction with
the Treasury Department, I ordered, as will appear
by document No. 8, filed herewith, $300,000 from
St. Louis to New York. On the 24th day of Decem-
ber, 1860,1 was obliged by the exigencies of public
affairs to order $100,000 from New York to Washing-
ton ; and on tho 29th of the same month, forthesame
reason, I caused to be transferred 815.000 from New
York to Pittsburg. Thesame statement (No. 8) shows
conclusively that I transferred no other funds from
New York to any point whatever until tho interest
on the public debt due January 1, 1861, had been
fully provided for. What, therefore, can be thought
of the statement made by the Bank of Commerce in
New York, that I drew and appropriated to other
purposes, at the last hour, funds which might and
should have been reserved for the payment of this
interest? And what-language can properly be ap-
