1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
823
plied to a statement that my conduct in this particular
was part of a wicked and treasonable plot to dis-
honor the credit of the United States?
Affairs being in this condition. theCongress of the
United States took measures to provide funds for the
wants of the Government; and on tho 17th day of
December, I860, a law was approved authorizing the
negotiation of a loan of $10,000,000, or the issue of
Treasury notes, payable in twelve months, hearing
six per cent, interest, to an equal amount.
On the same day, as will be seen by reference to
paper No. 9, herewith filed, I telegraphed Mr. Cisco,
Assistant Treasurer at New York, advising him of the
passage of the act, and asking for a reply by telegram
as to the amount which would probably he taken,
and at what rate; lind desiring him to give me his
judgment whether the whole loan should be offered
or a part of it.
In his reply of the same date, marked letter A,
herewith fiJed, he stated that it would bo unwise to
offer more than $3,000,000 at that time, and that I
could put $3,000,000 more in tho market after January
1,1861.
In my reply, marked letter B, filed herewith, I
stated to him that $5,000,000 were required by tho
public service, and that I was obliged, therefore, to
offer that sum.
On tho 18th day of December, 1860, the day next
succeeding the passage of the law, I advertised, in
accordance with its terms, thatscaled proposals would
be receivedatthcTreasury Department until the2Sth
day of December, 1860, for the issue of any portion or
the whole of $5,000,000 in Treasury notes, in exchange
for gold coin of the United States, to be deposited
with the several officers named in the advertisement,
among whom, of coarse, was Mr. Cisco, the Assistant
Treasurer iit New York. This advertisement is filed
herewith, afid marked No. 2.
It will be seen that bids could not be opened under
the provisions of the law requiring ten days' notice
until December 28,1860, and that the gold coin was
to be deposited with the Assistant Treasurers and
depositaries where the offers were accepted within
five days from the acceptance of such proposals.
On December 24, 1860, tho Register of tho Treas-
ury, according to the routine of the office, addressed
the letter marked No. 24, informing me that it was
impossible to tell the correct amount required for
the payment of interest in New York on the 1st of
January, 1861, and suggested that $1,100,000 be pro-
vided and sent to Mr. Cisco, the Assistant Treasurer.
Warrant No. 4215 for $1,100,000 was issued for this
purpose December24,1860, and draft No. 4112 on that
warrant was sent to Mr. Cisco by the Treasurer of
the United States December 29,1860, which was paid
and charged in account December 31,1860, as will be
seen by paper No. 7, herewith filed. ^
On the 27th December, 1860, I advised Mr. Cisco of
the issue of th© warrant in question as an advance-
to pay the interest on tho public debt, payablo on
and after 1st day of January, 1861.
I informed him that the Treasurer would pay that
warrant in six per ecnt. Treasury notes under the
recent act, and that thoso Treasury notes would rep-
resent a corresponding amount of the coin held by
him to tho crcdit of disbursing officers; and would
enable him to employ that amount of coin in the
payment of interest when the parties entitled did not
choose to receive Treasury notes. The small pre-
mium payable for gold at that time gave me an
opportunity of suggesting the arrangement which
is fully stated in the letter last referred to, marked
No. 9, (Y.) . ,
On the 27th December, 1860, Mr. Cisco advised me
by letter, filed herewith, marked C, that the prelimi-
nary deposits on account of bids for Treasury nytes
amounted to $4,300, indicating bids ' fiom Now York
for only $430,000." He further advised ran m the
same letter, of his efforts on that day to bare a
sufficient amount bid for to covcr tho interest on the
public debt due on the 1st of January, 18G1, and that
ho had so fnr failed, but entertained a strong hopo
of being able to accomplish it in the morning; and
if so somehouse in Washington would be telegiaplied
to make the preliminary deposit with the Treasurer
and present the bid at the Department beforo twelve
° Onthe'isth of December, I860, Mr. Cisco acknowl
edged the receipt of my letter of the 27th, informing
him that a warrant had been issued m his power tor
£1 100,000 as an advance to pay the interest on the
public debt on and after the 1st proximo, and that
the warrant would bo paid in six per cent. .Treasury
notes under the late law. In his reply he informed
me that the balance held by him to the credit of dis-
bursing officers was $1,100,000, and that it would be
hazardous to the public credit to use that money in
the manner proposed by me, for the reasons set lortfi
in the letter herewith filed, marked B (X.)
On tho 28th of December, 1860, according to the
terms of advertisement of tho loan, the bids were
opened; and among them was found an offer by tho
Bank of Commerce in New York, for $l,o00,000 at
twelvo per cent.; and on the day next succeeding 1
forwarded to Mr. Cisco a complete list of the accepted
bids, among which was that of the Bank of Com-
merce, amounting in tho aggregate to $1,831,000, ai
will be seen by letterflled herewith, marked No. 9 (X..
Upon such opening of the bids on the 28th ot De-
cember, 1860, and before an account thereof was dc
posited and stated, Mr. Richard Smith, now deceased,
then cashier of the Bank of the Metropolisof thiacity.
c.ime to the Department and informed me that the
Bank of Commerce in New York was ready to take
the balance of the loan on the terms of its bid for the
$1,500,000, that is to say, at twelvo per cent, interest.
No immediate answer was given to Mr. bmrth: but
after consultation with the President I
evening of the same day at tho residence of Mr. omitli
and informed him that his offer tor the balance of tho
loan on account of the Bank of Commerce in New
York, would be accepted.
On the 29th of December, 1860, the day next suc-
ceeding the opening of the bids^I addressed a letter
to Mr. Cisco apprising him that the accepted offers
amounted to $1,831,000, and that there remained
§3,169,OOO.of the proposed $5j000,000 loan undisposed
of and subject to the proposal made by the Bank of
Commerce in New York, to take the whole balance
for Treasury notes bearing twelve per cent, interest.
This will appear by letter marked E, filed herewith.
It will be seen frem the Treasury statement here-
with filed, marked No. 10, that Treasury note* were
issued in exchange for coin on the 29th ©f December,
1860. fof- §116,000, and on the 31st of December, 1860,
for $1,580,000; the proceeds arising from which were
available for the payment of interest on the public
debt due January 1,1861. That interest was duly
paid from the funds thus provided; and I have no
knowledge that the Bank of Commerce did anything
further in tho premises than make the payment of
the money which it had engaged to loan to the Gov-
ernment at the rate of twelve per cent, per annum.
In conclusion, 1 beg leave to observe that it will
appear from what has been shown already, that when
I entered upon the duties of Secretary of the Treas-
ury no provision had been made by law for raising
the money necessary to meet the interest on the pub- |
lie debt, and there were no funds applicable to that
purpose.
It will further appear that from the moment of
my accession to office all my energies were devoted
to remedy this mischief, and that I strove to apply
every available dollar to the payment of the interest
accruing on tho obligations of the Government and
to the discharge of its debts as they matured.
I venture to say that no executive officer could
have done more than I did to uphold the credit of
the United States; and it gives me pleasure to know
that the records of the Treasury Department are my
sufficient vindication.
It will be seen that I did take efficient measures to
make seasonablo provision for the interest due on
January 1, 1861, wherever it was payable; that is,
in New York, New Orleans, Washington, Baltimore,
Philadelphia, Boston, and Charleston; and the in-
terest was punctually paid.
It will appear that the statement that I drew, at
tho last hour from theTreasuryin New York or else-
where, money, which ought to have been applied to
the payment of the interest due on the public debt,
is a wicked falsehood.
It will be seen that there was not only no plot to
dishonor tho credit of the United States by permit-
ting any default to take place in the paymont of its
obligations, but that there was, on the contrary, an
honest, cncrgctic, and successful effort toprovido the
means for that purpose. .
It will be seen thatthe Bank of Commerce in New
York, which claims the crcdit of supplying my defi-
ciencies, clid nothing except comply with the terms
of an oppressive contract, which the necessities of
the Government had forced it to enter into.
And I will only, ;n conclusion, observe that noth-
ing could be more absurd than the statement of tho
Bank of Commerce that it agreed to make its pay-
ments upon the condition that the interest due on
tho stocks of the United States on January 1,1861,
should be paid; because, having subscribed for the
loan, it was bound to pay its subscription by tho
terms of tho contract, which contained no condition
whatever; nor did I ever hear of such a condition.
It is not, and it has never been, the hab't ot the
Government of tlio United States to permit the banks
in the city of New York or elsewhere to dictate the
manner in which loans shall be used. Such loans
nre made by the banks for their profit and advan-
tage, and it is for Congress to regulate by law tho
application of the public money.
The Senate will observe that the statement made
in reference to myself 1* contained jn a paper which
is not supported by a particle of evidence. I choose
to reply fully, however, to the charges, and to rest my
vindication upon tho public records of the Govern-
ment. I trust it may bo permitted to ask a full and
speedy vindication from the Senate of tho United
States. I make this claim as a Senator, duly elected
from the State of Maryland. I cannot believe that
the statement of a board of bank directors of the city
of New York, unsupported by any evidence, and made
perhaps for the purpose of excusing the exorbitant
rates charged to the Government, will be accounted
any reason for assailing tho reputation of a Senator
elected to a seat in your honorable body.
I am, very respectfully,
Hon. Revekdy Johnson, Senator from Maryland.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator from Mary-
land lias closed his remarks on this subject, I
beg to be indulged in making a single observa-
tion- .,
Mr. JOHNSON. I have said all I propose
to say now.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not wish to interrupt
the remarks of the honorable Senator if he has
anything further to say on this question.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 have closed.
Mr. HOWARD. My object in presenting
the statement made by the Bank of Commerce
in relation to Cobb and Thomas was to elicit, so
far as practicable, the truth of tho case in re-
gard to Mr. Thomas,_ and to lay before the
Committee*!?!1 the Judiciary of this body such
facts as that paper contained in order that they
might pursue the inquiry as far as they should
thiulc desirable and just. I do not even now
entertain a willingness to do or say anything
in regard to Mr, Thomas that sha.ll prejudice
his just claims and his fair standing before the
country. In short, sir, I decline to occupy the
position of a prosecutor or accuser, and aim
that my efforts shall only be directed to enable
the Committee on the Judiciary to, ascertain
the truth of the case.
But, sir, while I say this, I must be allowed
to say further that there is one statement con-
tained in the paper which has just been read
at the desk which strikes me with a little sur-
prise, and to that fact I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Maryland. The state-
ment of which Mr. Thomas now complains in
his communication is a printed document issued
by the president and cashier of the Bank of
Commerce of New York, under date of March
12, 1862. The presumption is that this printed
statement must have had considerable circula-
tion ; for I take it for granted that the stock-
holders in that institution are somewhat numer-
ous ; at all events, that the persons interested
in that bank are numerous and influential.
But in addition to this fact of the statement
being printed and circulated, there is another
to which I wish to call the attention of, the
Senate. Mr. Thomas professes to be very niuch
taken by surprise by the fact that this printed
statement should be thus laid before the Sen-
ate, and that he never before should have had
any knowledge of it. Indeed, he states em-
phatically and clearly that until my remarks
on this subject, made on the 27th of March last,
he was in total ignorance of the existence of
such a statement. That statement was in its
tone and style accusatory against that gentle-
man in the highest degree. It in fact charges
him with treasonable complicity, or rather
treasonable conduct in omitting to make proper
provisions for the payment of the interest fall-
ing due upon the public stocks of the United
States in the city of New York on the 1st of
January, 1861.
Now, sir, it is a little surprising to me that
Sir. Thomas should not have been aware of the
fact that the whole of this printed statement
relating to himself and Mr. Cobb was published
in the National Intelligencer of the 2Sth of
May, 1862, nearly five years ago. I hold in
my hand a slip from that paper, in,which are
tho same extracts that I read here on the 27th
of March in relation to Mr. Thomas. It is not
improbable that this statement relating to that
gentleman received a still broader circulation
in the country in the ordinary newspapers of
the day; for one of so much importance and
gravity, implicating the honor and the loyalty
of Mr. Thomas, would naturally, to say the
least, have received a very broad and thorough
circulation throughout the land.
If he is now so deeply aggrieved by these
statements, how has it happened that he has
slept upon this public information for nearly
five years, and has never opened his mouth
or used his pen, so far as I know or have heard,
by way of rebuke to the officers of the Bank
of Commerce of the city of New York? I call
the attention of the Committee on the Judiciary
to the fact that this charge has been in circula-
tion against Mr. Thomas for that period of
time, and that he has remained silent upon it.
It is very possible that he may be able to
make a perfect reply to the charges. I do not
go into the issue between himselt and the Bank
of Commerce. That is a matter in its_ nature
private; and I do not wish to prejudice the
case of Mr. Thomas in respect to the Bank of
Commerce. But what has struct; me with no
little surprise is the fact that lie should now
state five yGars after this important publication,
which he charges to be in a high degree slan-
derous, and which is here pronounced to be a
baseless slander by the Senator from Maryland,
that this statement has totally escaped his no-
tice until this time.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
from Michigan, if he is under that apprehen-
