1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
827
and inserting "three," so as to make the num-
ber three thousand.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
' repair op mississippi levees.
Mr. THAYER submitted the following reso-
lution, which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
Senate five thousand additional copies of the report
of the Committee on Finance on the repair of the
levees of the Mississippi river, in the State of Louis-
iana.
credentials.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am requested to present
the credentials of Matthias E. Manly, elected
by the Legislature of North Carolina a Sen-
ator from that State for the term of six years,
commencing March 4, 1867. I move that they
lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. HENDERSON, it was
Ordered, That George ancl "William H. Wood have
leave to withdraw their papers from the files of the
Senate.
executive session.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness ; and after some time spent therein, the
doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
Thursday, April 11, 18G7.
Prayer by Rev. J. W. M. Williams, D. D.,
of Baltimore.
The Journal of yesterday was read land
approved.
credentials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the credentials of Hon. James A. Bayard,
appointed a Senator by the Governor of the
State of Delaware to fill, until the next meet-
ing of the Legislature, the vacancy occasioned
by the death of Hon. George Read Riddle.
The credentials were read, and the oaths
prescribed by law were administered to Mr.
Bayard, and he took his seat in the Senate.
interpretation of tenum5-of-opfice bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair a res-
olution, and ask the action of the Senate upon
it now:
Reiolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to furnish to the Senate, if in his opin-
ion not incompatible with the public interests, copics
of any oificial opinions which m;iy have been given
by tho Attorney General, the Solicitor of the Treas-
ury, or by any other officer of the Government on the
interpretation of tho act of Congress regulating the
tenure of offices, and especially with regard to ap-
pointments by the President during the recess of
Congress.
There being no objection, tEe Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the vote is taken,
allow me to make a statement. I understand
that opinions have been given by one or more
officers of the Government which go far to
nullify a recent act of Congress. In short, it
would seem as if we were to have nullification
here in Washington in the executive branch
of the Government. I understand that accord-
ing to these opinions the President is to exer-
cise a power of appointment during the recess
of Congress, notwithstanding the recent act of
Congress which undertakes to regulate the
tenure of office. We all know the astuteness
of lawyers. It is a proverb ; and it is some-
times said that a lawyer may drive a coach and
six through an act of Parliament, or even an
act of Congress. P&rhaps the Administration
is now about to drive its coach and six through
a recent act of Congress. In other words, it
is about to force upon the country officers who
cannot be officers according to the existing
law of the land. It seems to me that before
we adjourn we should know the precise state
of this question. We should understand if
any such opinion has been given, and the rea-
sons for it. It is on this account that I have in-
troduced the resolution now before the Senate.
The resolution was adopted.
• - army register.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
ten thousand copies of the Army Register of
1866, have instructed me to report it back with
an amendment reducing the number to two
thousand, the same number that was reported
of the Register of 1867. Wo have reported in
favor of printing the usual number; but if the
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] desires
to move to raise it to three thousand, the com-
mittee will make no objection, I ask for the
present consideration of the resolution.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution :
jResolved, That ten thousand copies of the Army
Register for 1866 be printed for theuso of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the committee to
strike out "ten thousand" and insert "two
thousand."
Mr. MORTON. I am in favor of the origi-
nal number contained in the resolution. If
we want to send a document to our military
friends at home that will be acceptable and
valuable to them, instead of the wagon loads
of trash that go out from here, we cannot do
better than send them this Army Register. It
is a valuable and interesting publication to all
military men.
Mr. ANTHONY. Three thousand is the
number that the Senate voted of the Register
of 1867, and I suppose it should be the same
of the Register of 18G6. I have no objection
to making it three thousand.
Mr. MORTON. I move that amendment to
the amendment, so as to make it three thou-
sand.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
repairs of mississippi levees.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same committee, to
whom was referred a resolution to print five
thousand copies of the report of the Committee
on Finance on the repairs of the levees of the
Mississippi river, have instructed me to report
it back without amendment, and recommend
its passage. The publication will cost S200.
I ask for the present consideration of the res-
olution.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution,
submitted yesterday by Mr. Tiiayer :
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of tho
Senate five thousand additional copies of the report
of the Committee on Finance on tho repairs of the
levees of the Mississippi river, in the State of Louis-
iana.
The resolution was adopted.
calls for information.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same committee, to
whom was referred a resolution to add another
rule to the standing rules ot' the Senate, have
instructed me to report it back without amend-
ment, and recommend its passage; and if there
be no objection, I will ask for its present con-
sideration. It is a rule of some importance,
and I believe it will meet with the approbation
of every Senator.
The resolution was read for information, as
follows :
Resolved, That the following be added to the stand-
ing rules of the Senate:
All resolutions calling upon the President, or upon
any of the Executive Departments for information,
shall bo referred to one of the standing committees
of the Senate, which shall report to tho Senate an
estimate of the probable expense of furnishing tho
information called for; and this report shall be made
without delay.
Mr. CAMERON. I object to taking up
that resolution to-day. There are many rea-
sons in my mind against its adoption. I think
we have trouble enough now in getting infor-
mation from the Departments without being
embarrassed by rules which may prevent our
getting it at all. I object to the present con-
sideration of the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it lies over under the rules.
' governor of colorado territory.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. THAYER. I ask the Senator from
Oregon to waive that motion for a moment to
allow me to call up and pass a resolution which
I offered the day before yesterday, and intended
to call up yesterday, but did not get an oppor-
tunity to do so.
Mr. WILLIAMS. As there seemed to bo
no business pending, I thought we might as
well be doing something.
Mr. THAYER. I hope the Senator will
allow this resolution to pass.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion of the Senator from Oregon is withdrawn.
The Senator from Nebraska moves to take up
the resolution referred to by him.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Presidentberequested to inform
the Senate when Alexander Cum mings was appointed
Governor ot Colorado Territory; how much of the
time the'said Cummings has been absent from tho
Territory since his appointment, and whether by
permission or not, and how much of said time absent
with permission and how much without permission,
and whether on public duties or not, and whether his
salary has been paid to him during his absence ornot,
and how much has been paid to him as salary for the
time he has been absent from the Territory.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest the insertion in
that resolution of the words that are usually
employed when we address the President;
they are words of form—"if, in his opinion,
not incompatible with the public interests."
Otherwise, it is a direct call upon him, ap-
parently leaving him no volition.
Mr. THAYER. I have no objection to that,
but yet I cannot see the relevancy of that form.
Mr. SUMNER. The relevancy is simply
that that is the language addressed to the
President in every case. It is a rule of the
Senate for sixty years.
Mr. THAYER. 1 think in this case it is a
rule that we might depart from; but I have
no objection to it at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Nebraska so modifies his resolution.
Mr. CAMERON. I should be very glad if
the Senator from Nebraska would suffer the
resolution to lie over until my colleague is
present.
Mr. THAYER. I let it go over yesterday
on his account. He asked me to delay it for
an hour or so yesterday when we met, and I
let it go over the whole day. I have waited
this morning until the Senate were about to
go into executive session, and I find him not
here, and therefore I submit its passage ought
not to be longer delayed.
Mr. CAMERON. Yesterday the Senator
had no other course but to allow it go over by
the rules of the Senate.
Mr. THAYER. No; I offered it the day
before yesterday, and it went over until yester-
day at the suggestion of the gentleman's col-
league.
Mr. CAMERON. No harm can result from
its lying over another day.
Mr. THAYER. If we adjourn within a day
or two there will be no opportunity for an
answer.
Mr. CAMERON. Wre will try. My col-
league is not present, and he has the matter in
charge. I shall be very much obliged to the
Senator if lie will allow it to pass over.
Mr. THAYER. How long?
Mr. CAMERON. Until my colleague i§
here.
Mr. THAYER. We shall then be in execu-
tive session.
Mr. CAMERON. We can take it up then.
Mr. THAYER. Very well; I will waive it
to accommodate the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tlie res-
olution will be passed over if there is no
objection,
