830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
these officers; and I suppose the makers of
the Constitution intended that the President
should really consult the wishes of the Senate.
I suppose when they put that clause in they
intended to make it the duty of the President
to nominate persons that the Senate could,
according to their convictions of duty, assent
to the appointment of.
But now I will agree that the Senate may
make_ demands of the President, may occupy
a position, may take exceptions which they are
not warranted in taking to his nominees; and
if we do. so I agree that the responsibility rests
upon us for these offices remaining unfilled.
On the other hand, is it not just as manifest
that the President may insist upon sending a
kind of nominees here that we cannot, in ac-
cordance with our convictions of duty, agree
to the nomination of? Suppose the Ser^te
should say in substance, "We will not agree
to the nomination of a man for one of these
offices unless he has been an officer in the
rebel service." I think the President would
be perfectly justified in saying to the Senate,
"I will not send such men to the Senate; I
will send other men ; if you will not accept
these other men, let the offices be unfilled; I
will not accede to your terms." Suppose, on
the other hand, the President should say, "I
will send nobody to the Senate but those who
have been in the service of the rebellion,"
would or would not the Senate be perfectly
justified in saying to the President, "We will
not assent to the nomination of any such men;
and rather than do it the offices shall go un-
filled?" If that were the attitude actually of
the President and of Congress, what is the
use of our remaining here to unlock such a
difficulty as that? If the position of the Presi-
dent were known, if he had publicly declared
or given us fully to understand that he would
send nobody here but men who had been reb-
els, why cannot we just as well come to a con-
clusion at once either to accept those men and
fill the offices or to reject them and adjourn
and go home and leave the offices unfilled ?
The President, 1 admit, has not published
any such purpose ; but, after all, I do think he
has done a great deal to publish another pur-
pose in regard to a great many sections of the
country, that he will send mgn here only of a
particular political stripe*. I alluded to this
question yesterday in executive session, and I
allude to it now. I do not feel authorized to
say that the President is any worse morally for
liking a man who agrees with his political
opinions than I am for liking a man best who
agrees with my political opinions. Of course
I like my political opinions better than I do
his, as he likes his better than he does mine.
A year ago now the President had authority
to make any vacancies. The Senate will bear
me witness that I struggled with all my might
to deprive the President then of the power to
create these vacancies, to take from him the
authority of law to remove the incumbents and
to create the vacancies. I failed in that en-
deavor. The Senate did not agree with me. I
believe the House did not agree with me. We
adjourned and went home and left upon your
statute-books authority for the President to
remove these officers and create vacancies.
I regretted that step. I regretted that we left
that power in his hands. I regretted to see him
exercise it; but I knew he would, and I should
have done it if I had been in his place; I would
have put them out if you had left me the power
to do it, and I would have had the public ser-
vice carried on by men who agreed with me.
There is nothing surer than that. The Presi-
dent did no more than what I would have done
if I had been in his place and had the same
power.
Now, we come back here and find these
vacancies. I have not felt authorized in saying
to the President, "You shall send men here of
my political faith." I have felt authorized in
saying no more to him than in substance to say,
"You must not insist upon excluding every man
of my political faith,'' I am only speaking now
about the State that I represent; I cannot
speak for Massachusetts; I cannot_speak for
Maine ; I cannot speak for Connecticut. I am
speaking of Wisconsin. I do not say it is the
case throughout Wisconsin. I am speaking of
the difficulties that we encounter now in the
State of Wisconsin. I spoke yesterday of one
district; I repeat it to-day. There are just two
offices unfilled. I am perfectly willing that one
of those offices shall be filled by a political
friend of the President if he will consent that
the other shall be filled by a political friend of
the Senate, as I understand the Senate to be ;
but I do not understand that the President is
willing that that shall be done. If he is, that
difficulty can be solved at once.
How it is in other States I do not know; but
I said yesterday, and I repeat to-day, that I
have not voted to reject a single nomination
since I have been here that I would not rather
reject than confirm if I knew the office was to
"be closed. I have voted in reference to that
responsibility, and I am willing to take that
responsibility so far as I can. What little
political reputation I have is not much to stake
upon a vote; but when it is all I have, it is
just as much for me to stake as if I had the
reputation of my friend from Connecticut, [Mr.
Dxxojir,] or of my friend from Maine, [Mr.
Fessenden.] When a man stakes his all, he
shows his pluck if he does not his discretion.
[Laughter.] Now, I do not see that we tend
to fill these offices by just staying here and
rejecting his nominees. The Senator from
Maine says that while the President is sending
men to us he is doing all the Constitution
charges him with. I think the Senator is mis-
taken. I think the Constitution requires him
to send men to the Senate that the Senate can
agree to confirm, unless the Senate has made
known to him that they take exceptions which
they are not warranted—not by the Constitu-
tion, not by the law, but they are not war-
ranted by a due regard for the public "service
in taking.
Mr. PESSBNDEN. How does he know
the Senate will not confirm them until they
are sent in and the question has been tried?
Mr. HOWE. We have not served any
official notice upon him, but I do think the Sen-
ator from Maine is not mistaken, and I think
the President of the United States is not mis-
taken and the Senate is not mistaken as to
what has been the difficulty in filling these
offices. He wants men of one political character
and we want men of another. I do not think
there is any chance of a dispute about that. I
only wanted to let the Senate understand the
attitude which I have occupied in order that
they may understand how perfectly ready I
am to go home, and how completely I consider
my work done or will be done when we adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that this subject
be postponed until to-morrow, and that we
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall dispose
of this adjournment resolution. I call for a
division on the motion.
. ^.e <luestl°n being put; there were on a
division—ayes 14, noes 10; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOWE. Let us have the yeas and
nays, and find out whether there is a quorum
here.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall not go
into executive session until we dispose of this
question of adjournment. I do not agree at
all with the Senator from Maine that we shall
gain nothing by fixing a day. I will not as-
sume that the President will not do his duty.
I regard him as much a part of the Govern-
ment as the Senate. When he knows that the
Senate has fixed a day for adjournment he will
send in the names of persons for these offices,
send the whole of them, I shouldhope, to-mor-
row for every vacant office there is, and then
we will act upon them. There are three or
four days between this and Monday, and if the
names sent in the first time are not acceptable,
we can act upon them promptly and have them
returned and get others. If we go on in the
way we have been, receiving a dozen nomina-
tions one day and acting upon those, and then
waiting a day or two and receiving a dozen
more, we may stay here all summer. My ex-
perience in Congress has always been that we
have fofix a day for adjournment sonje short
period in advance and work up to it. If wo
wait until the business is entirely done to ad-
journ, we never would adjourn a session of
Congress. Fixing a day is the only way by
which we can come *to a decision, and if it is
necessary we can hold an evening session.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection to
fixing a day for adjournment; but we have
lost about an hour and a half already on this
question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us have a vote on it.
Mr. JOHNSON. A vote cannot be taken.
There are other speeches to be made. There
are some forty or fifty nominations on the table
now, some of which, I suppose, will not be
acceptable to the Senate, and will have to go
back to the President. We can fix the adjourn-
ment to-morrow or next day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us fix it to-day.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not think we can fix
it to-day, and further, I do not think we ought
to fix it to-day. It seems to me we ought
to clear the Calendar before we undertake to
determine to go home. A Senator exclaims,
"Wait until we get through.'' I say yes, wait
until we get through. Senators are perfectly
aware that owing to an interpretation that has
been recently put, or it is understood has been
put, by the Executive upon the tenure-of-office
bill, there is an increased necessity for our stay-
ing. We have passeda law. We ought to see
that it is enforced. At any rate, we ought to
offer our cooperation with the Executive, so
that he shall have no excuse for setting it aside.
Of course I do not admit that he can in any
way set it aside ; but I wish to do everything
that can be done on our side to prevent him
from having any apology for seeming to set it
aside or undertaking to set it aside. I think
that we ought to stay until our work is fully
done. It seems to me there can be no excuse
for our going home while any part of the exec-
utive business remains unfinished. Other Con-
gresses have stayed here till midsummer, and
evdn into the month of September. If the
necessities of the country require it, I see no
reason why we should not stay till then.
Mr. MORTON. My opinion on this ques-
tion is, that we ought to fix a day to adjourn,
some reasonable time in the future, and notify
the President of that fact. Now, sir, we will
not sit here all summer. Let this business of
nomination and rejection go on in the way it
is going on now, and this Senate will drop out
one by one until there will be no quorum here,
and that will be at the end of three or four
days unless we fix a time for adjournment.
Let us fix a reasonable time, say on Monday
next, for adjournment. If the President and*
the Senate can come .together at all, they .can
come together by next Monday at four o'clock.
If they cannot come together at all then there
is no reason for staying here, and the country
will say so. If the President shall continue
to send one class of nominations, and we shall
continue to reject them, there ia no end to that
business. One party or the other must yield.
Are we disposed to yield ? Are the Republican
Senators on this floor disposed to yield and
say that they will confirm Democratic nomina-
tions ? I imagine you will say no. Do you
then expect that the President will yield? I
have no right to speak for him because I am
not in his confidence. But- let us fix a reason-
able period in the future, give time for us to
come together, and if he persists up to that
hour, and if we persist up to that hour, the
whole country will say there is no use in our
staying here an hour longer, and we can go
home then reasonably and properly to the
people; ^Bt let us not have the session expire
merely by this Senator and that Senator drop-
ping out and going home. I know there are
several here to-day who will not perhaps be
here next Monday unless there is some time
