1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
831
fixed for an adjournment. Let us act reason-
ably oijrselves, and go upon the presumption
that the President will act reasonably. Let
us fix, say next Monday at four o'clock, or
next Tuesday at four o'clock, as the time of
adjournment, notify the President that we have
fixed that time, and if we can come together
we can do it by that time. If at that time we
areas wide apart as we are to-day, the country
will say there is no use in our staying here, and
will justify us in going home.
Mr. CAMERON. I am in favor of fixing
gome time for the adjournment for the reasons
given by several Senators. Unless we fix some
time we shall never get through with our busi-
ness. My experience has always been that
until we fix a day we always loiter. "When the
day is fixed we take care somehow or other to
get our business through. I would prefer,
therefore, to name n«xt Wednesday in the
place of next Monday, at four o'clock. That
will give ample time to get through with all
the business, give sufficient notice to the Presi-
dent of what we intend to do, and if he fails
then to meet us in the spiiit in which he ought
to meet us we can adjourn and go home and
leave the responsibility with him. I should be
unwilling to go away on Monday, giving only
two or three days' notice. I have no doubt
that by Wednesday he will have full time to
fill all -the offices, and therefore I move to
amend the resolution by inserting -Wednesday
of next week
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That ques-
tion is not up now. The question now is on
going into executive session.
Mr. CAMERON. I am in favor of that,
certainly.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope we shall go into
executive session and settle the matter of
adjournment to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have got the dis-
cussion pretty nearly through now.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cameron. Cattell, Cole,
Conkling, Cragin, Dixon, Doolittle, Drake, Fessen-
den, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Henderson,
Johnson. Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Patter-
son of New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee,
Ramsey, Ross, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Van Win-
kle, Wade, Willey, and Yates—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Corbett, Da-
vis, Ferry, Ildwe, Morrill of Vermont, Norton, Tip-
ton, Trumbull, and Williams—11.
ABSENT — Messrs. Bayard, Conness, Edmunds,
Grimes, Guthrie, Hendricks, Howard. Nye. Pomeroy,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, and Wilson—13.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Sen-
ate proceeded to the consideration of executive
business; and after sometime spent therein,
the doors were reopened, and the Senate ad-
journed.
Friday, April 12, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
the constitutional amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of Massachusetts, ratifying the amend-
ment proposed by Congress as a fourteenth
article of the Constitution of the United States;
which, on motion of Mr. Sumner, were ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of War,
communicating, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 5th instant, a report
of the Quartermaster General relative to the
award for the transportation of Army stores
on route No. 1; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
employment of attorney by the treasury.
Mr. CHANDLER submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to inform the Senate whether he, or 'any ono
by him authorized, has employed an attorney or soli-
citor to represent that Department before tho Court
of Claims in certain causes pending in said court; if
yea, what counsel or solicitor has been thus employed,
and in what cases, what fee or fees has been or will
be paid him for said services, and out of what fund,
and under what law or authority he has been thus
employed.
messengers, pages, and laborers.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Committee to Audit
and Control the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate, to whom was referred a resolution au-
thorizing the Sergeant-at- Arms to retain the
messengers, pages, and laborers now employed
during the recess of Congress, have had it
under consideration, and directed me to report
it adversely.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator ask for the present consideraiion of
the resolution?
Mr. CRAGIN. Yes, sir.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution,
submitted by Mr. Fowler :
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms of the Sen-
ate beauthorized and directed to retain the number
of messengers, pages, and laborers now employed
during the recess of Congress.
The resolution was rejected.
final adjournment.
Mr. ANTHONY. What is the unfinished
business?.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday is the resolution
on the subject of adjournment, which will be
read:
The Secretary read it, as follows :
Resolved, That the President of the Senate, at five
o'clock p. m. on Saturday, the 13th instant, adjourn
the present session sine die.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that that resolution
be postponed until to-morrow. I think we are
not in a condition to proceed with it to-day.
Mr. HOWE. I wish the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts would do me the favor to state how
the Senate will be better prepared to vote on
this subject to-morrow than they are to-day.
Mr. SUMNER. I will say that justin pro-
portion as we draw to the close of our busi-
ness we shall be better prepared to determine
when we can adjourn finally. As we have not
drawn to the close of our business, I submit
we are not in a condition to fix the day. That
time may come ; but I may remind the Senate
that there is in executive session still a good
deal of unfinished business, and there is much
more business that we have reason to expect.
I say "we have reason to expect," because it
is well known that there are a great many of-
fices that are still unfilled, and it is our duty
before we leave, so far as'we can, and just so
far as it depends upon us, to see that they are
filled.
Mr. HOWE. Will tho Senator explain, if
he can, how we are to accomplish this business
of filling these offices by staying here? It was
said yesterday that there were some fifty or
sixty offices vacant. It is no worse for them
to be vacant next month than it has been this
month.
Mr. ANTHONY. Some have been vacant
for nine months.
Mr. HOWE. It is said that some have been
vacant for nine months. If they can be vacant
for one day they can be for a year. If they
can be vacant for nine months they can for
nine years. But there are only forty or fifty
of them. We cannot fill them. It is impos-
sible for us to fill them if we stay here forever
alone. The Senator comprehends the difficulty
in the way just as well as I do; and I wish him
to inform me how we can fill them by staying
here.
Mr. SUMNER. We can fill them by acting
on nominations that are sent in, rejecting those
that are bad and confirming those that are good.
I am afraid that comparatively few good ones
are sent in. That would require us to reject
more; but still that would compel us also to
stay longer. We should stay, it seems to me,
until the offices are filled, rejecting those nom-
inations that are bad and confirming those that
are good; doing, in short, all we can as a Sen-
ate to secure good officers, and I insist also
officers on the right side, who agree with Con-
gress and will sustain that policy which Con-
gress has declared. I hope the resolution will
be postponed until to-morrow. We shall be
in a better condition then to act upon it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not see
how we can intelligently or with any degree
of safety fix upon a day of adjournment at the
present moment. I propose to offer a resolu-
tion, which I send to the Chair and ask to
have read, as explanatory of what I am about
to say.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read for information.
The Secretary read as follows :
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to inform the Senate whether ho has
any further communication to make requiring its
advice and consent, and if so what, and at what time
itwill suit his convenience to make such communi-
cation, to the end that the Senate may fix the day for
its final adjournment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
not in order now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not offer
it now. I simply asked to have it read as the
basis of a single suggestion that I propose to
make. It seems to me we are not in a condi-
tion to-day to agree upon a time for adjourn-
ing, for the reasons that were fully stated yes-
terday. And it seems to me that we labor under
another difficulty: that it is impossible for us
to tell, or even guess, with the information we
have, when we can be in a condition to ad-
journ. Whether there are any more commu-
nications of the kind upon which we have been
acting, we have no right to know that I am
aware of. I suppose, from the ordinary course
of affairs, we have a right to presume there are
a great many.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In cases where we
ha.ve rejected nominations recently, we know
those offices are not filled.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Undoubtedly.
Then we have it within our own knowledge that
there are certain communications to be received,
and the priJbability is that there are communi-
cations of a similar character outside of those
which have been sent to us. Now, it seems to
me that after the Senate has been here in the
fifth month of its session, we have a right to
know what communications, if any, the Presi-
dent of the United States has to make to us
upon this subject. We are convened in extraor-
dinary session at an extraordinary period.
What was the occasion for this session at all?
At the commencement of an Administration I
know it ft usual—though extraordinary in one
sense, it is ordinary in another—for the Pres-
ident to call the Executive Council into ex-
ecutive session to aid him in inaugurating
his Administration : but that is not t.he case
here. This Administration was organized.
When the new President came into his office,
under the circumstances which it is not neces-
sary for me to refer to now, he found this Ad-
ministration organized. When we left here on
theadjournment of the first session of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress the Government was organ-
ized ; the offices were filled. We came back at
the last session to find many of the old officers
to whose appointment we had given our con-
sent, and many of the officers whose names had
been sent to us and our advice and consent
asked to the appointment of, out of place.
Now, sir, we are here in the fifth month of this
session, every day of which the President has
had an opportunity to communicate to the Sen-
ate the appointments he had made in the vaca-
tion. It is not my purpose to stop here to com-
ment upon how soon it was his duty to have
presented these officers; but the fact undoubt-
edly is to-day that there are many offices abso-
lutely vacant in the country thatare kept open
in violation of law, and that because the Pres-
ident of the United States has not even sent
new appointments to the Senate, even at this
length of time, some four or five months hav-
ing elapsed.
Now, all I have risen to say is that under
