832
THE OOMBISSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
these circumstances I think the Senate of the
United States, before it can be expected to
linger here without knowing how long we may be
■kept, ought to inquire respectfully of the Presi-
dent what the state of the public business is;
whether he has further communications to
make, and to what extent; what is the char-
acter of the communications, and how long
they will require that we shall be kept here in
extraordinary session. Of course I do not
offer the Resolution now; but I rose at this
particular moment to say that I concur in the
views expressed by my colleague yesterday,
that we arc not in a condition to fix upon a
day of adjournment, and in the remarks made
by the Senator from Massachusetts this morn-
ing.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senate never was
and never will be ready to adjourn. The Sen-
ate never did adjourn without leaving import-
ant business unacted upon, and never will be
ready to adjourn until we fix the day. If by
fixing a day it was rendered imperative that
we should adjourn on that day, if we had not
the power to extend the time, there would be
force in the arguments adduced against this
resolution; but if we find when Monday ap-
proaches, or whatever day is fixed, that we are
not ready to adjourn, we have only to extend
the time. The President, when he finds that
we have fixed a day of adjournment, receives
notice that we desire to have from him all the
communications that he thinks prope&to make
to us, and he will have ample time to do it.
One day will suffice to transact all the busi-
ness that is before the Senate and all that is
to come in; that is to say, if it can be done at
all. If the President will not send us nomin-
ations that we will confirm, and we will not
confirm those that are sent to us, wo may stay
here forever without finishing the business;
but if any accommodation can be arrived at
between the two departments it can be done
in one day just as well as it can be done in a
month. I hope we shall fix a day of adjourn-
ment. If we find that it is necessary to re-
main longer every Senator will be ready to
postpone the day; I certainly shall be.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I concur in .the view
expressed by the Senator from Rhode Island
that the proper mode to expedite business is
to fix a time for an adjournment. I do not
undertake to say what the fact is; but it is
possible that nominations may be withheld by
the President until it is ascertained that the
Senate is about to adjourn, when those nomi-
nations will be sent into the Senate, and the
Senate will be put to the necessity of rejecting
those nominations, leaving the offices vacant,
or confirming such as the President may send
to us. Now, sir, it is manifest that nomina-
tions are sent here every day that might have
been sent in weeks and months ago, and there
may be nominations- that will be sent in on
the day we fix for an adjournment. If that
is the policy—I do not undertake to say
whether it is or not—but if it should be the
policy on the part of the President, then I
think we had better fix a time when we will
adjourn, and that will bring those nominations
to the Senate, and then, if in the judgment of
the Senate it be necessary £o continue the ses-
sion for the purpose of considering those nom-
inations, or of securing others in place of those
we may reject, the Senate can protract the ses-
sion. But, as has been suggested, unless we
do come to some agreement about the time of
adjournment, Senators will drop off one by one;
there will be no quorum here in a very few
days; and much of the business will be left in
an unfinished condition that might possibly be
finished if the Senate should conclude to ad-
journ at some given time. If we fix a day, and
on that day the President should send nomina-
tions to fill all the vacant offices, it may then
be the judgment of the Senate that the inter-
ests of the country require us to advise and
consent to all of those nominations, irrespective
of their political complexion and character,
and so fill all the offices in the country, and
give to the President that power which, he
seems endeavoring to exercise, and thatis to
fill those places with men of-his own political
party.
I think that our true policy is to agree upon
some day for an adjournment. That certainly
does not put it beyond the power of the Sen-
ate to extend the time if necessary. My im-
pression is that Senators will be induced^ to
remain if there is a prospect that the session
will terminate within two of three days. Sen-
ators who now propose to leave may remain
until the expiration of that time; but if there
is no knowing how long this session is to con-
tinue, if it is to drag its slow length along here
from week to week, and we receive half a
dozen nominations a day, there are Senators
who do not conceive it to be their duty to
remain here under such circumstances, and
who believe that the responsibility, if these
offices are not filled, will rest upon the power
whose duty it has been to make the nomina-
tions in due time, and not wait until the last
day in the afternoon for1 the purpose of com-
pelling the Senate to sanction such nomina-
tions as may suit the feelings of the Execu-
tive. I hope that we shall agree upon some
time of adjournment.
Mr. FRELINGHU YSEN. K seems to me
that there would be a serious difficulty if we
should fix say Monday for adjournment and a
large number of nominations should be sent in
on Monday which we did not approve of. We
might not ha,ve the ability to extend the time.
There might be no quorum here.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then we could not act
on nominations.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Oh, yes.
Mr. ANTHONY. Without a quorum?
Mr. FRELINGrHUYSEN. We might if
there was no question raised.
Mr. ANTHONY. There would be as likely
to be a question on the nominations as on the
extension of the time. Undoubtedly there
would be a question on the nominations.
Mr. FRELINGHU YSEN. I think then it
is very clear that our true plan is to fix no
time, but to stay here until we discharge our
duties, until the offices are filled with good
men, if it is a month or three months, and we
can adjourn when our business is done on five
minutes notice. I do not like, for one, to put
myself in the position that we are to leave the
offices on a given hour and a given day either
vacant or fill them with just such nominees as
are sent to us by the President. I think the
resolution offered by t^je Senator from Maine
is very judicious.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. SuMJiER,] to postpone the
further consideration of the resolution until
to-morrow.
The motion was not agreed to; there being
on a division—ayes 14, noes 17.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend the
resolution by striking out Saturday and insert-
ing Tuesday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
an amendment pending.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the amend-
ment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. To strike
out "Saturday, the 13th instant," and insert
"Monday, the 15th instant."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Who made that motion ?
Mr. STEWART. I made that motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will you not say Tues-
day?
Mr. STEWART. I am willing to make it
Wednesday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We can continue it to
Wednesday, if necessary.
Mr. STEWART. Very well; I will say
Tuesday, the 16th instant, at four o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think we can
safely fix on Monday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Nevada modifies his amendment by
proposing Tuesday next at four o'clock.
Mr. ANTHONY. Whatever day we fix,
we shall probably have to extend the time a
day or two. I think we had better fix Mon-
day. We can extend the time if necessary.
Nobody will be opposed to extending it if it is
necessary to do so. If we have not a quorum
to extend the day, we certainly shall not have
a quorum to transact business on controverted
questions. I do not suppose the nominations
to come in will be confirmed unanimously.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My reason for suggest-
ing Tuesday is this: we cannot very well tell
to-inorrow, Saturday, what the state of the
business will be ; we can tell a great deal bet-
ter on Monday; and it will be necessary t<?
give notice or offer the resolution for an exten-
sion of the session a day beforehand. Other-
wise, it would be in the power of any one Sen-
ator to prevent an extension of the time. We
shall be in a better condition to know whether
it is advisable to extend it on Monday than
Saturday. I am myself satisfied, having taken
some pains to inquire, that we cannot probably
finish the business earlier than Monday, and
it may go over till Tuesday. In reference to
that fact of being obliged to make the motion
a day beforehand in order to secure an exten-
sion of the time so that it may be within the
control of the Senate, I think we had better
fix it on Tuesday. If we get through with the
business on Mon(Hy we can adjourn, as has
been remarked, ia five minutes. There will
be no trouble in ehiMlging it in that way. I
think Tuesday would be a better day, and
especially when we consider the fact, which
we ought to take into consideration, that it is
very well known that the President has been
very unwell for several days, and we ought
not to manifest a disposition to push him un-
reasonably with reference to this matter.
Mr. ANTHONY. Make it Tuesday, then.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Nevada, to make the time of adjourn-
ment Tuesday next at four o'clock.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the resolution as amended.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, I think this resolu-
tion had better be passed over for the present,
and that the Senate should take up and adopt
the resolution of which the Senator from
Maine [Mr. Morrill] has given notice, and
which is not now strictly before, the Senate.
Let us adopt that as a preliminary proceeding;
send the message directly by that resolution to
the President, and give him an opportunity to
communicate to the Senate his desires. It
seems to'me that that will be courteous, and
it will be doing on our part all that we can in
order to complete our work. I do fear that if
we adopt a resolution which positively fixes a
time of adjournment we shall be in the con-
dition which the Senator from Oregon has de-
scribed, and "which he did not seem very much,
I confess, to deprecate, of being obliged at the
last moment to accept nominations of the
President, which otherwise we would reject.
Now, I am disposed to stay here just as long
as may be needed in order to reject every im-
proper nomination, if it be all summer; and I
think that is our duty. We all know that the
President began a policy which he announced
in his own expressive terms as one of " kick-
ing out of office." We have endeavored to
arrest that so far as we could, not always suc-
cessfully, but to a certain degree we have suc-
ceeded. I am not disposed at the last moment
to surrender the power that we have under the
Constitution and allow him to "kick out of
office" if I can help it. I will prevent any
such proceeding on his part down to the last
moment; and I will stay here just as long as
is needed for that purpose. I hope, therefore,
that the Senate will not yet adopt the resolu-
tion, even in its amended form, but that it
will take up rather the proposition of the
Senator from Maine.
Mr. ANTHONY. If by staying here any
length of time we should have any power to
compel the President to send in nominations
to suit us I would stay; but when we have
rejected from one to ten successive nomina-
