1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
833
tions for the same office, am! tho tenth man
is jfist as exceptionable as the first, it seems
to me we may remain here until the next
regular session and be just where we are now.
We do not make any progress by remaining
here.
Mr. SUMNER. We have made great prog-
ress every day.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have not been able to
see it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, yes, we confirm
the largest portion of those sent in.
Mr. ANTHONY. We have always con-
firmed the largest portion of those sent in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the number is
lessening from day to day.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts thinks we ought to pass over the
resolution proposing an adjournment to take
up the resolution suggested by the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Morrill.] I really see no objec-
tion to acting first upon the resolution of ad-
journment and then acting upon the resolution
offered by the Senator from Maine. There is
nothing inconsistent between them, the one
with the other. I think it would be altogether
proper, after we have fixed a day for adjourn-
ing, to notify the President that we have fixed
that day and ask of him to make such commu-
nications to us as he desires to make in the
mean time.
Now, sir, I feel that there are a great many
offices yet to be filled, and that it is absolutely
essential for us to take the responsibility of
filling them; and so far as I am concerned I
have consistently voted, and intend to do so,
for men disagreeing with me in politics, pro-
vided I think they are honest, capable, and
faithful. I shall not put any obstacle myself
in the way of filling these offices. There are
some names in my State for which I cannot
and will not vote.
It behooves us to say that we wish to adjourn.
It will be utterly impossible, as has beCn re-
marked by Senators before me, to keep a
quorum here much longer, and we ought to fix
a day in order that the heads of Departments
may know that we intend to adjourn. There
is as much responsibility upon those Depart-
ments as tjiere is upon the Senate. We must
operate together, we must cooperate in order
to fill these offices. The Senate has no power
to fill them Without the nomination of the Pres-
ident; and the President must send names to
us, if he desires the offices to be filled at all,
for which we can vote. I presume that no
very great objection will be made to men on
account simply of their politics. There are
some very obnoxious men who cannot be voted
for by the Senate; and so far as I am con-
cerned I am willing, and will take the respon-
sibility of saying, that the offices may remain
vacant rather than vote for them. But there are
but very few cases of that sort tliat I know of.
Instead of returning to us names three or four
times and asking us to reject them as many
times, if the Departments would go to work
and hunt up different names and send them to
the Senate I think that in the course of a
very short time the offices could be filled. I
do not know how it is in other States, but in
my own State the same name has been sent
some two, three, or four times to the Senate,
and we have been compelled as often to reject
it. Now, there must be an end of this thing.
It is unnecessary for the Senate to remain here
for the purpose simply of repeating that opera-
tion from day to day. Let other names be
sent, and speedily sent; as I understand it,
when a rejection is made the President is in-
formed of the matter immediately upon the
same day, under a change of the rule; and in
the course of a very short time the offices can
be filled, if there is a desire on the part of the
executive department to cooperate with the
Senate in filling them.
Between now and Tuesday next it seems to
roe almost all the offices can be filled. We learn
that there are not a great many of them. After
wo shall have fixed Tuesday for an adjourn-
ment, then let us pass the resolution of the
40tii Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 5:5.
Senator from Maine and notify the President
that we have fixed that- time, by a little altera-
tion, and desire that any communications he
may have with the Senate shall be made pre-
vious to the time indicated by us. Let him send
in the communications in time for us to act
upon them before the day we may fix. If we
remain here from day* to day I sttfip&se the
President will come to the' conclusion' that we
are just as willing to remain as he is io spend
time in sending in perhaps the same names
from day to day. I think we should come to
some conclusion. We cannot keep a quorum
here much longer, as I have said before. We
shall dwindle down until the Senate will be
compelled to disperse. The President ought
to be notified of that fact; and Tuesday it seems
to me is the very latest day that we shall be
able to keep a quorum here. It is unnecessary
for Senators to say that it is our duty to re-
main. Sir, this is the second or third week of
this session, and it is high time that these offices
were filled; and between now and Tuesday it
strikes me all of them can be filled, where there
is any likelihood of cooperation between the
President and Senate; and if there is to be a
dead-lock between us in regard to certain offices,
let that d«ad-lock take place between now and
next Tuesday. Let it be distinctly understood.
Mr. ANTHONY. They never will be filled
as long as we remain here.
Mr. HENDERSON. I think not.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senate and the Pres-
ident will never agree.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not see that we
are coming nearer to a conclusion at all, except
that we are confirming certain nominations
that perhaps we could have confirmed long
ago. Wo are confirming certain nominations
in districts where there is no especial contro-
versy.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not quite agree
with the Senator from Missouri that there is
nothing inconsistent in passing a resolution
fixing a period to this session, and then call-
ing upon the President after that for informa-
tion which would be likely to show us at what
time we might properly adjourn. It seems to
me that such a resolution, after fixing a period
at which we would adjourn, would be substan-
tially calling for the evidence after deciding
the cause.
I should be glad, for one, to see such a com-
munication as the Senator from Maine pro-
poses sent to the President, with an addition
which 1 hope he will make, to the end that we
may know, as far as he is willing to inform us,
what occasion there is for prolonging the ses-
sion. It will be a question of some interest to
the country when the session is over, if vacan-
cies remain, upon whom the responsibility of
such a condition properly rests. I have no
doubt myself where it belongs ; and I have no
idea that it belongs to this body. For months
the Senate has been here with every opportu-
nity to the President to make nominations.
For months offices have stood vacant. Com-
missions were issued in the former vacation,
which expired on the 4th of March last, and
in some instances, one in particular that I re-
member, never until yesterday was a nomina-
tion made. Nobody is responsible for that but
the President of the United States, and nobody
but he is responsible for the fact that now, day
by day, in driblets, six or eight or ten names
come in here, rumor informing us all the time
that hundreds of offices perhaps are vacant.
I believe there is no reason why by Monday
every nomination may not be before us. I
know of instances where agreements have been
made, as far as such a thing is the subject of
agreement between all parties, recognized and
unrecognized by the Administration made
days ago, and names presented to which no-
body objected; still they do not come here
at all; but the Senate sits like the man who
waited for the river to roll by that he might go
on dry foot.
Now, sir, I should be glad, in place of a res-
olution of adjournment, that we might pass such
a resolution as the Senator from Maine pro-
poses, with a modification to the end that the
country may know that havi/ig waited here, in
substance, four or five months, the President,
for some reason, would not in many cases send
any name at all, proper or improper ; that in
other cases a name having been rejected it
was returned ag.vn ; rejected a second time it
came back, and finally when that was dropped
other names of an exceptionable character
* fife re sent here. ■ I think it is important that
the country should know precisely where the
responsibility is as well as I think I know
where it is.
One other word. Like the Senator from
Massachusetts, I shall be very glad, despite
convenience and despite personal necessity of
any kind, to sit here, no matter how long so
that in truth it is proved to be necessary to
stay so long in order to thwart the organized
attempt which has been made to put up what
is called tho public patronage to be raffled for
and won by those men who are ready to desert
their principles and trample their convictions
under foot, to the end, as it was elegantly
expressed, that they might eat the President's
bread and butter. That is an issue which I,
too, am ready to stay and try out.
Now, I hope that we shall fix no time at this
moment to adjourn; but, omitting to do that,
that we shall acquaint the President with the
fact that we sit here, with little or nothing to do,
waiting for him, while rumor informs us that
many vacancies exist, and no paius is taken to
see that they are filled.
Mr. YATES. An appointment cannot be
complete without the concurrence of the Ex-
ecutive and the Senate. It is the duty of the
Executive to nominate, but that nomination is
not complete until the Senate has exercised a
duty equally independent, and that is the duty
of consenting to that nomination. In this
regard tho Senate occupies a position quite as
independent as the President of the United
States. Now, sir, if the President of the Uni-
ted States would consult and advise with the
Senators from the particular States there would
be no difficulty whatever with regard to nomi-
nations ; but he persistently, and for par'ty pur-
poses, appoints men of his own political faith,
and without regard to the nominations of the
Senators. In the district in which I reside he
has sent here name after name of men who are
objectionable, who are obnoxious on account
of the position they occupy before the country
and the position they have occupied in regard
to the prosecution of the war. He has all the
time persistently refused to adopt the nomina-
tions of the Senators. Now, sir, with whom
is the responsibility? If he would exercise his
duty and consult with the Senators, if he would
have their advice and consent, he could send
in nominations which we might confirm and
sanction at once. Are we to sit here all sum-
mer, and have names sent in here, as in the
district in which I reside, name after name,
until the number may be one hundred, as it is
some fifteen or twenty, I believe, in that dis-
trict, and wait until the President shall see fit
to consult with and advise with the Senate
upon these nominations ?
Gentlemen talk -about responsibility. The
responsibility is plain; it is marked. The
President does not consult with the Senators
from the different States, nor does he consult
the wishes of the Senate here assembled, but
persists in sending in men who are known for
their advocacy of the Johnson policy and not
of the policy of the Senate. I say that we
have the same right to reject that he has to
appoint. If he refuses to send in names
which are acceptable to the Senate, a3d I might
say acceptable to the majority of the Senate, is
it our duty, at the public expense, to sit here
in our places and wait for those nominations,
objectionable as they are, from day to day and
from week to week? Sir, the responsibility is
with the President. The Senate should wait a
reasonable time, as it has already waited, and
then let the responsibility attach to where it
properly belongs.
I am, therefore, in favor of fixing a day for
