834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
an adjournment. Tliat of itself will be suf-
ficient notice to the President that we do not
intend here to abide his executive pleasure
alone, but that we have proposed to have some
part as the advisory body in saying who shall
be the officers who are to fill the.offices in the
country. I have no doubt about the course
that we ought to pursue. It should be not
only our pleasure, but it is our duty, to fix a
period when this session shall terminate, when
the people shall know that Congress ha,s finally
adjourned, and that the President himself shall
be advised that we cannot await his pleasure
all the time, receiving a few nominations a
day, five or six, when there are hundreds to
be nominated. Are we to await his pleasure?
I should be willing to wait if I thought he was
sick, and honestly sick, all the time; but that
is not the plea which is urged. Because we
will not abide his dictation, bceause we will
not indorse his nominations made from day to
day, therefore the responsibility is to attach to
the Senate 1 I repudiate the doctrine. We
ought to fix upon a time for adjournment,
notify the President, and stand before the,
country on the issue.
Mr. HOWE. I thought yesterday that the
Senate ought to fix upon a time for adjourning;
I thought so the day before; and I said so on
both days. I am not so sure that I was right.
I learn there is a preliminary question to be
settled, and that is, whether the Senate has the
Eower of adjourning. I understand that we are
ere waiting upon the President; we are here
because he told us to come here; and we are
to stay here until he tells us we may leave. I
do not know that this is not the fact, and that
my friend from Maine is not right in proposing
to ask the President whether there is really
any necessity for our staying here any longer
or not. I do not learn that this is the view of
the President himself. I have no authority for
saying that. But my attention has been called
this morning to an article in the National In-
telligencer. It is a newspaper which I believe
supports the President's views. Whether the
President supports its views or not I am not
informed; but the article is entitled "The
President and the Senate," and it reads: '
The Presidont may, on extraordinary occasions,
convene both Houses, or either of thein.' The Sen-
ate, as a branch of the executive power, has been
often convened in special sossion for the purpose of
acting upon nominations or treaties to be communi-
cated to them. The President may, at his pleasure,
call the Senate at any time, and to meet him at any
place. President Jackson, for instance, could have
summoned the Senato to meet at the 'Hermitage.'
"The Senate, when called by proclamation, is
called 'for grave and weighty reasons.' When the
business of the Senate is disposed of, it is usual for
tho body to adopt a resolution appointing a com-
mittee to wait on the President and inform him that
they are ready to adjourn, unless he has some fur-
ther communication to make.
" Tho Senate, in its present session, was specially
called, and for special purposes. Those purposes
have not been _ accomplished. The President has
Bent in nominations to fill the vacancies in irumcr-
ous important offices, and the Senate has, in most
instances, rejected them on mere party grounds.
The Presidont cannot well permit"—
I wish the Senate would listen; I do hot
believe they understand this—
" The President cannot well permit the Senato to
leave such 'grave and weighty' matters unfinished.
He cannot cease to discharge his own duties because
they refuse to perform theirs."
Now, how far this is to be regarded as an
official communication, I am sure it is not for
me to say. Perhaps my friend from Connec-
ticut could inform us on that point.
Mr. DIXON. As the Senator has referred
to me, I will inquire whether any name is
attached to that article ?
Mr. HOWE. No, sir; there is none. There
are quite a number of articles here to which
no name is attached.
Mr. DIXON. Then, I take it, it is not
official.
Mr. HOWE. Here we are informed that
the President will not permit us to leave at
present; that we have not done our business ;
that he has further occasion for our services
here, and we cannot, go home because he will
not let us. Now, I think if this is so the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts must be right, and wo
ought to lay aside this motion to adjourn and
this talk about adjourning,, and take up the
resolution of the Senator from Maine and alter
it a little. I think it is rather rough, rather
harsh, as now expressed. Let us reform it
into a simple and respectful inquiry whether
the President has any serious objections to our
going home at present; or if so, when he will
be graciously. pleased to let us go home.
[Laughter.] We should get then .precisely
the information that I want myself, because
that is what I am anxious for, to know when I
may go home; an<J that will get us the infor-
mation which this newspaper thinks we must
have before we can get away without a revolu-
tionary proceeding on our part. I am opposed
to revolutions here or elsewhere. I am a law-
and-order man myself. If thelaw requires me
to stay here as long as it suits the pleasure
of the President of the United States you will
see me staying, a happy, if not a contented
man. But it i3 the point of law that I wish
settled. I .will give way to my friend from
Connecticut to settle it.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator from Wisconsin
[Mr; Howe] yesterday, with that candor which
always adorns everything .he says, said that if
he were President of the United States he
would have done precisely what the President
has done with regard to removals from office.
He said that the President had a perfect right
to do it; and that he should have done it if
he had been in his place. I was particularly
struck by it at the time, and I proposed to reply
to it then. He said the President had done
what he would do under the same circum-
stances, and in fact it was justifiable. There
was a little inconsistency between that and what
the Senator said nearly a year ago, when he
invented, I might almost say, a phrase when
he spolte of the "bread-and-butter brigade,"
and denounced the idea that anybody should
be appointed to office merely with reference to
his political views.
Now, sir, there was a great deal of truth in
what the Senator said yesterday. The Senator
was in many respects right. No doubt he would
have done precisely the same thing; and I have
no doubt almost every Senator would have
done the same thing—appointed officers who
agreed with him in sentiment. At any rate,
this Senate has followed that rule pretty
thoroughly in all its proceedings, in its com-
mittees, in its appointments of executive offi-
cers connected with the Senate, and in all
respects, ,and in confirmations. _ One Senator
has avowed here the determination—the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, now absent, [Mr.
Wilsox,] and his colleague has also justified
and approved it—that he would consent to the
appointment of no man in his own State who
did not agree with him in political sentiment;
and he has said somewhat boastingly that by
insisting upon that rule he had procured the
appointment in the. State of Massachusetts in
every single instance of radical Republicans.
After the Senator from Wisconsin had de-
clared that the President had only done what
was right, and what he would have done under
the same circumstances, the Senator from
Maine, [Air. Fessenden,] with the candor
which also illustrates everything that he says,
announced to the Senate that the President had
some rights as well as the Senate. It seemed
to surprise the Senate to a certain extent to
hear from that distinguished Senator such an
enunciation. He stated that the President had
aright to nominate whom he pleased; Ibelieve,
without any qualification whatever, or possibly
with a qualification, that he nominated men who
were not obviously and palpably unfit 
Mr. FESSENDEN. A constitutional right.
Mr. DIXON. He had a constitutional right
to act according to his own discretion; inshoi't,
precisely the same right that the Senate has
with regard to confirmations. Whatever right
the Senate has with regard to a discretion upon
a confirmation the President lias as to a dis-
cretion on a nomination. I believe the lan-
guage of the Constitution is that the President
of the United States may nominate and, with
the advice and consent of the Senat.e, appoint
certain officers. Must he consult the Seftate
on the nomination ? Not at all. He may nom-
inate whom he pleases, but until the advice and
consent of the Senate is given he cannot
appoint. The appointment is incomplete; the
nomination falls to the ground unless the Sen-
ate consent to it.
Now, sir, there is a great deal said about the
Senate going away and leaving their duties here
unfinished because they cannot agree in the
President's nominations. The President might
just as well say that he would leave. He would
have just as good a right to-say that he would
leave the White House and go off on some
journey. What do the people care ab.out our
convenience? Our business is to stay here.
This is our place. Here is our duty. Suppose
the President of the United States should say
to us that now being somewhat out .of health,
he desired to take a pleasure trip, he wished
to take a voyage to recruit, his health, and
therefore complained of us because we kept
him here. He would have as good a right to
do it as we have .to complain of him. I doubt
very much whether very great sympathy will
be excited in the minds of the people for this
suffering Senate. We have voted ourselves a
permanent salary of $5,000 a year. Let us,
stay here and earn it if we possibly can. I
agree that while both Houses of Congress were
in session there was some anxiety expressed
on the part of some lest we should do some
harm; but since we are powerless as to legis-
lation I have seen nothing of that kind. My
friend from Nevada [Mr. Nye] expressed a
fear that we should do harm if we stayed
twenty-four hours longer. He intimated, with
an irony which distinguishes him as much as
candor does my friend from Wisconsin, that
he thought we had better adjourn lest in twenty-
four hours we might ruin the country.
Now, sir, let us stay here.' Let us perform
our duty. The President is performing his.
He is sending in nominations every day. One
Senator has stated that he has sent them in in
driblets. He is obliged to do so. He cannot
nominate them all at once, especially when he
finds this body so fastidious and so particular
as to the character of the men. He-has sent
in hundreds who have been rejected*. He has
sent here the names of distinguished officers,
men who have fought and bled for the country,
while we have been reclining at ease here in
our seats, and we have rejected them merely
for political reasons. Under those circum-
stances . I, .think the President is justified in
being somewhat slow and somewhat cautious
in sending in names to us.
The Senator from Wisconsin has read from
the Intelligencer an article which says that the
President cannot permit us to leave. There is
no doubt that the President has power with
regard to that. The Constitution gives him
the right to call us together; and I am inclined
to think that if we fix a day to adjourn next
week, and do adjourn, he will then have a right
to call us together, if he should find a hundred
or a thousand vacancies in offices, especially
since we have passed a law that there can be
no active employment of a man after his rejec-
tion without a penalty. I am not certain that
he would not have the right, and that it would
not be his duty to recall us. Suppose he should
do it; I do not know that he thinks of such a
things-
Mr. HOWE. But is the Senator advised as
to what he will do in case he,calls and we do
not come?
Mr. DIXON. He may "call spirits from
the vasty deep," "but ,will they come?"
Suppose we had not come when he called us
last week. Suppose we had gone away. He
told us that there was important business,
that there were weighty matters requiring our
attention. We have decided by a vote, ac-
cording to the papers—I do not know whether
it is so or not—of 37 to,2 upon a certain
question that he submitted to us, a weighty
question; a question involving the acquisition
of sixty such States as Massachusetts in size
