1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I thought not. I did
not think I belonged to that category.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have always respected
the honorable Senator for being true to his
convictions.
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question?
_ Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think not. I did not
rise for the purpose of being catechized. I see
that my honorable friend is in an ironical vein,
and therefore I decline.
Mr. NYE. I was only anxious that the hon-
orable Senator should retain his own respect,
by calling his attention to a certain fact.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I see the irony upon
my friend's face and I must decline.
I wish to say a single word so far as Wis-
consin is concerned. I should not have said
that had not my colleague made some allusion
to it. I think my colleague has no right to
complain of the appointments in Wisconsin,
for I presume more than nine tenths of all
nominated to office in Wisconsin have been
Republicans who are supporting the policy of
Congress, and did so last fall. There has been
on the part of the appointing power in endeav-
oring to arrive at results in Wisconsin nothing
of which my colleague or his friends have any
right to complain. The complaint has been
made altogether on the other side, because if
you go into the particulars you will find that
while there was an effort, it is true, to fill
the offices in the various districts, and two
or three individuals had been nominated from
time to time, they having been rejected by the
* Senate, and the Senate having shown, I sup-
pose following the advice of my colleague, a
determination not to confirm those gentlemen,
other names were sent in. Among those who
have been rejected, my colleague will remem-
ber, have been some of the most distinguished
officers we sent from Wisconsin to the field.
General Bragg, General Bertram, General
Montgomery, Colonel Colkins, Colonel Ruger,
Colonel Sterling, Colonel Ginty, and many
others of the best soldiers of Wisconsin have
been nominated and rejected. My colleague
knows, too, that the presidents of both the last
Union conventions of Wisconsin, the one that
presided over the convention when Governor
Fairehild was nominated the first and second
time, have been nominated, and both have been
rejected. If you go into the various districts,
beginning with the first district, both the col-
lector and assessor are Republicans. In the
third district it is the same. In the second
district it is the same. In the fourth district,
the one to which he referred, there has not
been an agreement arrived at, that being rep-
resented by Mr. Eldridge, in the other House.
Perhaps nominations will be sent in that will
be satisfactory. I of course cannot know the
future. In relation to the fifth district, the
collector in that district is a Republican. So
far as the post offices are concerned, I think
my colleague has no reason to complain, nor
have any of his colleagues of the House any
reason to complain. The large mass of the
appointments in Wisconsin have been of Re-
publicans.
Now, Mr. President, so far ,as I am con-
cerned personally I agree that the offices
should be filled, and in order to carry on the
Government it is a necessity, and that ne-
cessity is with me stronger than *any mere
party consideration, overrules any party con-
sideration. I prefer that the offices should be
filled with men who do not agree with me po-
litically rather than that they should not be
filled at all. I have ho disposition, so far as I
am concerned, to stop the wheels of the Gov-
ernment, and have never manifested it in rela-
tion to any of these appointments. If the
whole matter had been left to me perhaps I
could have arranged the appointments of Wis-
consin without any difficulty with my colleague;
but there are other persons from Wisconsin
to be consulted besides my colleague and my-
self, and perhaps some difficulties may have
arisen in relation to some, of the appointments,
but nothing very serious. I presume in those
very offices that remain vacant, unless it may
be a post office or two, the deputy assessors
or deputy collectors could go on and do the
business, and the Government could not very
materially be damaged thereby.
As to the effect of the policy pursued by the
Senate in making rejections, that is a question
on which I do not care to say much. It is a
question certainly upon which I have no right
to advise the majority in this body. But from
the information which I receive I am led to
the opinion that the policy which lias been
pursued here, of rejecting such men as have
been sent in from time to time, and rejecting
them for political considerations only, when
they are perfectly able to discharge the duties
of the office, when they have been in many
instances good and faithful soldiers during the
whole war, ccrtainly has not added at all to
the success of the party in power in this Sen-
ate, and does not tend in that direction; but
I have no advice to offer on that subject, for it
might be deemed improper for mo to assume
to give any. I do not stand in that relation to
the action of the majority that I have any right
to advise them. Indeed, if I were to look at it
in a mere party sense, I should say, " Go right
on ; keep decapitating; add to this noble army
of martyrs ; and let us call a convention in the
various States of the martyred soldiers whose
heads have been taken off by the political guil-
lotine." I presume they would form a very
important convention in the political affairs of
the United States if they should once happen
to come together. But, sir, as I have said, I
have no disposition to advise, and have no
right to .advise, and therefore will not advise
on that subject. If we now fix a time in ad-
vance, say Monday, Tuesday, or Wednesday,
as the day when the Senate "will terminate its
labors, I believe it will aid us in bringing the
session to a termination.
Mr. NYE. I believe the question is on
fixing a day to adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No; the
question is on going into executive session,
[Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. I beg the President's pardon.
My friend from Wisconsin, whois always right,
has been speaking on the question of fixing the
day of adjournment. At any rate, whatever
the question is, I propose to put to him now
the inquiry which I proposed to put to him
when he was on his feet. He has a high re-
spect for men who differ from him, but has no
respect for those who make speeches one way
and vote another, or who entertain one opinion
to-day and another to-morrow.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The honorable Senator
will allow me to correct him there. I have no
objection to a man changing his opinion if he
is convinced that his opinion was wrong; but
I do not like to see a man voting one way and
speaking another at the same time.
Mr. NYE. 1 wished to call the Senator's
attention when he was up to a single fact that
occurred here on this floor in relation to the
Freedmen's Bureau bill. If my recollection is
correct, the Senator took occasion, being absent
at the time the vote was taken, to say that had
he been present he should have voted for the
bill; and within a few days the bill came back
vetoed, and ho then voted against it. I leave
it for my friend to reconcile his self-respect 011
that subject.
If the Senator had stopped when he had
declared his views in regard to the propriety of
fixing a day for adjournment I should have
been most happy for once since I have been
here to agree with him on that question. But,
sir, he was not content with that. He never
loses an opportunity to attempt to show the
consistency of his leader and his party. Long 1
speeches of columns has he made to prove that ]
the policy of the present President was the pol-
icy of the lamented Lincoln, and it seemed to j
me that he had so exhausted himself on that '
question heretofore that he would have hardly
gathered strength by this time to make a new
attack. Why, sir, the difficulty between the
President and the Senate is slated in a single
sentence : the President by his nominations in
'most cases nominates those at war with the
expressed sentiment of this great people; for
I need not tell the Senator from Wisconsin,
nor this Senate, that the expressed sentiment
of this people, expressed in so many ways that
it cannot be mistaken, is in direct opposition
to the policy pursued by the President and the
Senator from Wisconsin.
The Senator from Wisconsin has a holy love
for the soldiers. So have I; I honor them.
But, sir, the Senator will not forget that more
than a year ago he took me to task here for
not discriminating between times of war and
peace; and the President has read us many
homilies upon the fact that the radical Repub-
licans could not distinguish between times of
war and of peace. The sword is laid aside. The
soldier is a soldier no more. He has returned
to the ranks of the citizens, there I hope to
perform the same duty in as acceptable a man-
ner as he performed it on the field. But, sir,
it will not be expected that the soldier should
fail in that criticism that all others have to pass
in regard to his civil conduct and his political
action. I honor the scars of the soldier. I
pay as high a tribute to his deeds of daring as
any man. It is a question now with me whether
the soldiers will perform their duty in as brave
and valiant a manner in the civil strife as they
did upon the field of blood. When they do, they
are my choice, for they have two great guaran-
tees upon the affections of the American people.
When they fail to perform well the duty of
the civilian, the honorable soldier will not
expect to be shielded by his deeds of daring
upon the field.
Mr. President, the trouble lies here, and the
Senator from Wisconsin *WilI pardon me if I
call his attention to a few facts. He claims
that it is a matter of respect to the President
that this Senate should confirm his nomina-
tions. Sir, are there not mutual respects in
this matter? Is not the President of the Uni-
ted States bound to respect the great mass of
this Senate, those in favor of him hardly num-
bering enough to count as "scattering?" Is
the President of the United States at liberty
to disregard the recorded judgment of this
nation in condemnation of his policy? And
yet, for the purpose of furthering that policy,
upon ihe very brow of which the people have
written their condemnation, we are told that
out of respect to him he must be allowed to
appoint such as agree with him. The Senator
from Wisconsin, in order to give it double
effect, talks of another soldiers' convention,
and says that they will have a large conven-
tion. I hope it will be at Philadelphia; and
if so, I hope that the padlock will not be put
upon the lips of the soldiers and representa-
tives that go there. My friend from Wiscon-
sin lias tasted of one convention at Philadel-
phia. It was not palatable to him, although I
believe he was the only man that was allowed
to speak. The fear of another convention has
no horrors for me. They are familiar things.
I want all soldiers and all civilians who dis-
agree with the recorded judgment of this peo-
ple to hold their conventions and to give their
reasons why they hold them, and not, for fear
of flying into fragments, put a seal not to be
broken upon the lips of the delegates to their
conventions. That I suppose was done out of
respect to the distinguished gentleman who
holds the office of President, by accident, of
the United Slates. Why did they not speak?
Because they dared not. The moment they
spoke, the animus would be known. The
whole thing, therefore, was played in panto-
mime, and the distinguished Senator from
Wisconsin played well his part better in si-
lence than 1 ever knew him to before. [Laugh-
ter.]
Now, sir, while 1 am perfectly willing to
respect the President and his appointments, I
am anxious to advertise him and this country
that so long as he sends men in here who
opposed his election, who opposed the reelec-
tion of Mr. Lincoln, who opposed the meas-
ures of tha war, who op.posod tho sottlad judg-
