1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
889
whether the Government is to be enjoined.
Let me suggest to my friend from Wisconsin
that he had better be looking out for a receiver
for the Government. There will have • to be
one appointed, and he should see to it and get
a Johnson man, and one who has been true.
Why, sir, there is no respect paid to the laws
of this country. There is no heed paid to the
admonitions of the council of this nation. The
President has a policy'of his own, as indefen-
sible as it is remarkable.
My friend from Wisconsin says he likes a
bold man. So do I. I never had much of
that attribute in me. I am rather conserva-
tive in that respect. But, sir, it is a bold man
and an honest man .that knoweth the will of
his master and doeth it. The master of the
President, the master of the Senate, and of
Congress, is the mighty aggregated judgment
of a republican people. It is the bold man
that listens to that'voice. It is the reckless
man that does not heed it. In conclusion, I
advise my friend from Wisconsin to swing into
his old circle where he rose so happily, and
get off from the rugged road he has had swing-
ing around this Johnson circle.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I never undertake to
speak-of the future, for I am not gifted with
foresight. I seldom boast of the strength of
the position which my friends" may occupy. I
can only speak for the past. Two or three
times in my life it has occurred that I have
been compelled, through my convictions, to
leave a dominant majority to go into a minor-
ity, to fight the battle of what I regarded as
truth, justice, law, and the Constitntion. It is
true that I left the Democratic party in its
nalmy days and when it was in an ascendency
here and in my own State, to join a minority
to overthrow it when it was wrong. I had
aided in fighting the battle of the Republican
party until it came into power. I aided in
fighting the battle of the Republican party
unlil this rebellion was crushed. And now
that this party, in the pride of its power, and
because it is counting its majorities or has
counted them, has entered upon a policy which
in my judgment is destructive of the Constitu-
tion, and if persisted in and not recovered
from, and that very soon, will destroy the
Constitution of the United States and involve
with it constitutional liberty, I have differed
with that majority.
They may be right; I may be wrong in my
convictions; but it is because I have those
convictions that I have differed from them. I
do differ from the majority. I do go again
into a minority. I expect to fight the battle in
reference to those principles which I believe to
be the true principles of the Constitution, and
whether I shall remain in the minority, or
■whether a majority of the great mass of the
American people shall come to the position
which I occupy, is a thing of the future alto-
gether. I boast not myself of to-day nor of
to-morrow. But, sir, from what has occurred,
not merely in the State of Connecticut, to
which my honorable friend alludes, but in
Illinois, Iowa, Michigan, Wisconsin, Minne-
sota, New York, everywhere where, the popu-
lar elections have been held and are taking
place, we see, in my judgment, that which goes
to show most conclusively that the mass of the
people of this country are dissatisfied with
what I regard as the unconstitutional policy
which has been urged and pushed and crowded
upon Congress and the country by the party
in power.
But, sir, I shall not go into that question.
I do not desire to get up a discussion here
about what the future is to be, how strong the
majority is to be in the future, or the minor-
ity. I do not profess to be a prophet, and
therefore I never speak of the future. I only
say these are my convictions. I may be wrong :
or my honorable friend may be wrong and I
may be right. I shall not continue the discus-
sion, for I desire, if there are no others to
speak, to have a vote of the Senate 011 the
resolution before us.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, the Senator
from Nevada in his remarks, which have been
heard with so much interest by the Senate,
took occasion to allude to the Connecticut elec-
tion, and to speak of Connecticut in language
not quite so respectful as that which he ad-
dressed to the people of that State not long
since in person. I have never alluded, nor do
I know that I should have alluded, to the recent
election in Connecticut. I confess I felt what
might, perhaps, even amount to exultation with
regard to that election; but I did not like to
exult over my friend from Nevada, nor do I
like to express or manifest a spirit of exulta-
tion anywhere. I should not therefore have
alluded to it now if that Senator had not done
so in language which I think calls for some
notice from me.
Now, sir, it is true that during the last win-
ter it became manifest to all observers who
were at all skilled and experienced in the signs
of the political times that there was a change
of opinion going on in the State of Connecticut.
The Radical leaders there were alarmed. They
felt themselves to be in a demoralized condi-
tion, and they looked about for a remedy. The
disease was somewhat desperate, and desperate
diseases demand desperate remedies. They
inquired what they should do ; and the first step
was—and it was a wise step, I admit, and a step
that might well have caused some trembling
anxiety in the minds of the conservative men
of Connecticut—to send for the Senator from
Nevada. They felt that they were well nigh
ruined, and they sent for thatSenator with the
hope that he might save them from destruction.
He accordingly went to Connecticut and ad-
dressed the people. He made a speech which
produced a powerful effect, as I need not assure
the Senate. ItwouTd be very disrespectful for
me to say that the Senator ever made a stump
speech in the Senate; but it is no disrespect to
any gentleman in this body, no disparagement
to any one, to say that on the stump or in a
popular assemblage there is no man who can
move the masses like the honorable Senator
from Nevada. That his speech in Connecticut
produced an effect I will not deny. That it
excited the hopes of the Radical party I will
not deny, although when the Senator returned
here he said the State had gone somewhere in
his apprehension, and I believe he proved a
prophet with regard to the result of that elec-
tion.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to know the
place that the State went to. [Laughter.]
Mr. DIXON. The Senator from Nevada
never uses improper language, and of course
it was no place which such language would
describe. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWE. I understood the Senator to
say that the Senator from Nevada had proved
a prophet in saying the State had gone some-
where, and I wanted to know where.
Mr. NYE. If the Senator will allow me, I
should like to answer that prophecy myself.
Connecticut went as I thought it would go. T
found that the real trouble was that my friend
had proved to Connecticut what the leaven did
to the meal. He had leavened tlfe whole heap
of office-holders, and they went conservative :
and that is the place I meant to say the people
of Connecticut, had gone, into that fire of con-
servatism where they do not rake it up nice.
Mr. DIXON. Very well; the Senator pre-
dicted the result in his own expressive manner.
I saw it stated in the papers that when the
Senator returned he despaired of carrying the
State of Connecticut. Now, he says, it is
an unimportant State, with only eight little
countics. and has no influence in the affairs of
this Government. I have in my possession a
report of that Senator's speech in which he
told the people of Connecticut that they had
an immense influence. I do not know that
he said, as went Connecticut so went the
Union; but he spoke in most flattering lan-
guage of the influence which Connecticut al-
ways had had throughout the Union; and he
told them it was vastly important that thov
; should exercise that influence in the proper
i direction, for it would be powerful; that what-
ever yerdict they should render would produce
a powerful effect on the people of this country.
Now, he says it is a'small State, with "only
eight'little counties," and it is of no conse-
quence. He rivals Toots in his utter con-
tempt for the result: it is of "no consequence"
at all. [Laughter.]
Mr. President, I agree that Connecticut is a
small State. It has, as the Senator says, but eight
counties. It has a comparatively small, but a
very intelligent, population; I might say per-
haps equal in that respect to any State in the
Union; and they had an opportunity to con-
sider this question in an intelligent manner.
The whole question of the politics of this coun-
try was presented to the people of Connecticut
in the last election, beginning with the Senator
from Nevada and followed by my honorable
colleague. There never has been a time when
the people of Connecticut holding opinions with
the Senator from Nevada and my honorable col-
league have been so thoroughly canvassed and
so ably addressed as during the recent election.
If there ever was a time when the questions wore
fairly presented to them it was then. My friend
from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] also did us the
honor and the very great advantage of visiting
that State. He replied with convincing effect
to the able arguments of my friend from N evada.
Now, sir, a change has taken place in Con-
necticut. That cannot be denied. What was
the cause of this change? Various causes
have been assigned. The Senator from Ne-
vada says it was this practice of proscription,
the use of Federal patronage. The Senator is
mistaken with regard to the State of Connec-
ticut. Every man who knows anything about
that State knows that the greatest degree of
tolerance has been there exhibited on that
subject. We have not very much Federal
patronage ; it is not very extensive or import-
ant. There are only a few valuable offices
and I do not recollect that more than one of
those was changed. But, sir, we have a great
number of post offices, with comparatively
small emoluments, which may possibly produce
some effect on the minds of those who hold
them. Whether they do or not I cannot say;
but I will, say that the office-holders of that
character are nearly all Radical men, who vote
for the party to which the Senator belongs,
and as a general thing they have remained
undisturbed. I do not think that in the list
of three or four or possibly five hundred post-
masters in the State of Connecticut twenty-
five have as yet been removed, including the
whole time from the Philadelphia convention
to the present moment. The Senator there-
fore is mistaken in supposing that any effect
on the public mind has been produced in that,
way in the State of Connecticut.
Sir, it was another cause. The people be-
came alarmed at the extreme radicalism of my
friend from Nevada, of Congress, of the Sen-
ate. They thought that this extreme radicalism
had gone quite far enough. They thought it
was time to pause. There is in the State of
Connecticut a large number of men heretofore,
and I do not know but now, Republicans, con-
servative in their character and feelings, who
looked upon the proceedings of those with
whom the Senator from Nevada acts as alarm-
ing. They thought it was time that those
measures and those principles should receive
a rebuke, and for that reason they changed
their votes. What the future will be I cannot
say. I believe the Senator intimated that this
change would not, be permanent. I think it
depends very much upon the course of the Sen-
ator himself and the party he represents. If
they take this check as a warning: if uie.j pau^e
in their destructive measutes; if they change
their course, possibly this change which is set-
ting against them may be arrested : but I say
to them now, if they go 011 in what they pro-
pose—if, for example, they go on with the
scheme which has been offered here by the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Srv.NEuj and
by his colleague, who unites with him in pro-
posing by act of Congress to regulate th" suf-
frage in the State of Connecticut—it will not
