840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
be arrested, but will become still more emphatic
and decided.
I- do not know whether my friend from N evada
is in favor of that measure. Perhaps he is
opposed to it. If he is, he will say so; if he
is not, he will say so; for he never conceals
his opinions. What his views on that subject
are I do not know, and X regret that he does
not inform us. Bat if these Senators go on.
with this proposition, not confining it to the
State, of my honorable friend from Maryland,
[Mr. Johnson,] which they call a quasi rebel
State, and therefore exclude a portion of their
representation at this time, not confining it to
the southern States, but enacting by law of
Congress that universal suffrage shall prevail
in the State of Connecticut, then I say to them
this change of opinion will go on increasing,
and the Senator from Nevada will see such a
majority against the radical measures which he
now advocates at the next election as will sur-
prise him far more than anything which he has
seen at the recent election.
Mr. NYE. Allow me to ask the Senator a
question about those who agree with him in
conservative feeling. The Senator was not
elected by the Democratic party here?
Mr. DIXON. No ; but I was elected as a
Conservative.
Mr. NYE. Was it the conservative or the
Democratic party that succeeded in the recent
election in Connecticut?
Mr. DIXON. I will say to the Senator that
the Democratic party and the conservatives
of Connecticut have united upon a platform
of men and a platform of principles. I will
say furthermore to the Senator that one of the
officers elected at this election is the present
secretary of state who was last year elected
upon the Radical ticket, and that another offi-
cer elected, the State treasurer, has always been
a conservative Republican.
Now, sir, such is the condition of things in
Connecticut. I will not attempt to predict
what future results may be, but this I know:
that the people of Connecticut are patriotic,
that they are intelligent, that they are ^wise
people; that they are not to be led on by any
ignus faiuus of radicalism into a region which
they do not know and understand. They wish
to know where they go. They wish to know
to-day whether that Senator and his colleagues
on this floor are in favor of the measure to
which I have alluded.
Mr. NYE. One question more. I under-
stood the Senator to say he was elected as a
conservative. Now, I want to ask him the
question direct, whether he did not claim to
be a Radical, and had not the certificate of
my friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
showing that he was a Radical?
Mr. DlXON. I am glad the Senator has
alluded to that. I do not know what the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts ever certified for me.
He may have uttered what he considered kind
expressions with regard to me; and if he did
on that occasion I trust he acted in accordance
with his own views of propriety. He certainly
did not act by my request or with my knowl-
edge.
Now, Mr. President, since allusion has been
made to my position if the Senator means to
intimate that since I have been a member of this
body I have changed my views, he is mistaken.
The opinions which I hold to-day I have always
held. I hold them when I was elected; I held
them before I was elected. I shall not now
detain the Senate by going into them at length.
I once had the honor of presenting a resolu-
tion on this floor many years ago, which was,
if my recollection does not fail me, indorsed
by the Legislature of Connecticut during the
same session at which I offered it, in which I
laid down what I thought to be correct consti-
tutional views with regard to this whole ques-
tion. I discussed the subject before the Sen-
fjj?' T alluded to it again a year ago; and I
think it was admitted by all that I was con-
sistent, arnl^ that I had always held those
views. I think, therefore, the Senator makes
nothing by the intimation that I was elected
upon a different platform from that which I
now occupy.
But suppose it were so; suppose I had
changed; does the Senator mean to say that
I do not represent my constituents? Sir, if I
have changed, I am indorsed by the people of
Connecticut. I may properly and rightfully
and without exultation make the claim that I
now stand here indorsed by a majority of the
intelligent electors of the State of Connecticut.
Out of over ninety thousand voters, forty-seven
thousand have voted for the principles which
I now advocate. I do not speak of that in a
spirit of exultation. I speak of it in a spirit
of rejoicing. I speak of it as a'support to me
in the position which I hold, as a result which
is certainly to me in the highest degree grati-
fying, and which I think would justify me in
saying that even if I had changed my position
I am sustained by the popular voice of my
State. Encouraged and supported by their
approbation, I intend to persist in the course
which I adopted when it seemed unpopular,
and shall continue to contend for the true prin-
ciples of the Union and the Constitution.
One word further, sir, with regard to pro-
scription. The Senator has stated that this
election was carried in the State of Connecti-
cut by compelling office-holders to vote in con-
flict with their own views lest they should be
removed from office. Nothing of that kind has
taken place; but I regret to say that I have
seen in the papers recently what I am not pre-
pared to deny, but what I hope is not true, that
some of the employers in the State of Connec-
ticut who think with the* honorable Senator
have, since the election, expelled free men
from their employment because they differed
with them and voted in accordance with their
own views at the recent election. I trust that
this will not be found true. I trust it will be
explained. I am unwilling to believe that there
is in the State of Connecticut any large num-
ber of men who would resort to conduct so
atrocious. Possibly there may be some ; but,
sir, I trust the people of Connecticut cannot
be characterized as a people who would be
guilty of such a wrong. If it should prove to
be true, then I think that even the Senator
himself will unite with me in denouncing it.
If the time ever comes whenit shall be agreed
and conceded that the central power can legis-
late for the States, can legislate to regulate the
suffrage of the States, and if it turns out, con-
trary to my hope, that there is any portion of
the people of Connecticut or any other State
who are willing to coerce the labor which they
employ in voting contrary to solemn convic-
tions and conscientious views, then, sir, I hope
that the suffrage law will not stop with giving
suffrage to all men, but that it will also pro-
vide severe_ penalties against those who shall
attempt to influence and control the opinion
of their laborers by such wicked and outrage-
ous oppression.
Mr. HOWE. A poet has said that—
" Man never is, but always to bo blest."
The reverse of that seems to be, according to
the estimate <of my friend from Connecticut,
about the condition of the Republican party.
It never is, but is always just going to be
damned. It never is in any danger for anything
it lias done, but seems to be continually in dan-
ger of doing something that is going to bring
judgment and perdition upon its head.
I remember during the early years of the
war, when_ we were most strenuously admon-
ished that if we dared to lay our finger upon
the institution of slavery the Republican party
would be dissolved, the Republican party
would be divided, the Opposition would be
united, the Government would fail in the pros-
ecution of the war, the rebellion would triumph,
and the Union would go to pieces 1
I remember after we had done that, and
after the Republican party did not divide, and
after the election of 1864, and after the rebel-
lion was crushed out, we were just as urgently
admonished that if we did not recognize at
once the institutions of governments which we
found in those rebellious districts the Repub-
lican party would be divided, the Opposition
would be united, the same consequences would
ensue, and ruin would overtake and overwhelm
the party which had so far controlled the
country. Well, sir, we did not accept the
admonition. We did not recognize those gov-
ernments. We refused to do so.
Subsequently there was a shout set up that
the Senators from Massachusetts and two or
three reckless agitators like those had lurking
somewhere about them an idea that those
States down there had committed suicide, had
destroyed their political organizations, and
had forfeited their right to have the govern-
ment of States; and they told us if we did not
abandon that doctrine of State suicide the
Republican party would commit suicide. And •
so they went to the country during the late
campaign, not particularly finding fault with
anything we had done, but insisting upon it
that we were going to do something else.
There was nothing particularly objectionable
in the constitutional amendment which we had
submitted to the people of all the States; the
country could probably stand that; if they
could not stand that, they would probably
forgive that; but behind that lay the idea of
ignoring the right of those communities to
maintain State governments.
In spite of that warning the country did not
withdraw its confidence from the Republican
party. Since that time that threat seems to
have been executed; that prediction has been
verified; that doctrine of State suicide has
passed into a legal enactment. I do not under-
stand that the Senatorfrom Connecticut is find-
ing any fault with that; but he now insists that
we are going to take to pieces the government
of Connecticut and of some other States which
never did destroy their own governments ; and
he tells us, in the old tones and with the old
solemnity exactly, that if we do that thing
surely destruction will fall upon our heads.
Well, I will wait to see first whether we shall
do it; and secondly, whether this prediction
will prove any truer than those that have pre-
ceded it.
Mr. President, I shall occupy no- consider-
able time in commenting upon the'Connecticut
election.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator was opposed to
the doctrine of State suicide at one time.
Mr. HOWE. _ No, sir; the Senator does not
remember the time when I was opposed to the
doctrine of State suicide, as he calls it.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator talked in such
a way in the Senate that I supposed so.
Mr. HOWE. When I talked upon or to-
ward that question I always urged it very stren-
uously. ^ The Senator is entirely mistaken as
to my views on that question.
Mr. DIXON. IIow about the other?
Mr. HOWE. What other?
Mr. DIXON. The question of forcing equal
suffrage on the States.
Mr. HOWE. I will answer that question
whenever that subject comes up before the
Senate if the Senator will wait until that time.
I was about to speak upon another topic. The
Senator endeavors to alarm us with the idea
that the late election in the State of Connecti-
cut is the commencement of a popular reac-
tion, which is to be followed by the recantation
of each of the Republican States of the Union
in its turn. That may prove to be so ; but I
have not thought myself that we were in tmy
great danger of it. What is that popular reac-
tion which we have witnessed in the State of
Connecticut? A year ago, preceding the elec-
tion, I had the pleasure of spending a few days
in Connecticut myself. I witnessed the fact
that there was a very active and sprightly con-
test going on there ; that the people were very
much in earnest, and opinions were very much
divided as to what woufd be the result of that
election. I met then several gent!emen, the
political and personal friends of my friend
from Connecticut, holding responsible, high,
and important offices in that State. I believe
the Senator from Connecticut was then with
the Republican party in that contest. I found
