1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
841
all these gentlemen, with whom I conversed
and who held these offices, to be with the
Republican party, fighting for the Republican
cause, upholding the Republican candidates.
By and by the election came off, and there was
a majority for the Republican ticket of about
five hundred in the State of Connecticut.
Hearing that the result in Connecticut was
somewhat doubtful the other day, some time
before the election came off, I had occasion to
ask some of ray friends familiar with thai State
where these gentlemen were whom I met a
year ago, and who then seemed to be very
nervous for fear there would be a division be-
tween the President and Congress. I asked
how they were now since there had come to
be a division between the President and Con-
gress. I asked how such a man was. I wili
not call names. He was with the Opposition.
"And such a one?" "With the Opposition
and so on through the whole catalogue of those
whom I remembered to have met there. They
were all with the Opposition. I did not ask
where my friend [Mr. Dixox] was. I was in no
doubt on that point. I had been informed by
himself repeatedly. So that I saw our political
friends in the State of Connecticut were going
into the contest this year with' the whole body
of office-holders in that State against them,
and whom they had with them a year ago;
and I waited for the result with a good deal
of anxiety and trepidation. I had not much
confidence. Knowing that we had but a mar-
gin of five hundred to sink in that vote a year
ago, I did not think it a very extraordinary
thing that a Senator of the United States, that
the postmasters of all the principal towns of
that State, that the collectors of customs, and
with all the patronage in the possession of all
of them, should be able- to sink that majority
of five hundred.
Mr. DIXON. Allow me to set the Senator
right, as this is a matter of fact and not of
opinion. In my belief, as a question of fact,
four fifths of those holding the important offices
in the State of Connecticut which require the
confirmation of the Senate voted for the Rad-
ical ticket throughout; perhaps not the whole
ticket. They have never been threatened;
they have never been told that if they so voted
they would lose their offices. Nobody ever
proposed to intimate such a thing.
Mr. HOWE. I shall not go to trial upon
this issue of fact, nor ask for a feigned issue
and send it down to the country to be tried.
The Senator from Connecticut ought to know
better than myself as to the truth of that mat-
ter. I only state what I was informed, and I
was informed by more than one.
Mr. DIXON. In my own county in that
district every one, with the exception of the
postmaster of Hartford, voted the Radical
ticket; and I think it was so in my colleague's
district.
Mr. HOWE. Certainly, the information
that came to me was very different from that.
Every one of the individuals with whom I con-
versed a year ago, when I came to talk about
their position now, I was told had changed. I
may have been misinformed.
Mr. DIXON. You were certainly. A few
important officers went with the Administra-
tion. That gave rise to the idea that all did.
They are but a few of the most important,
three or four.
Mr. HOWE. I do not mean to call any
names, and I will not; but I met a gentleman,
and a very intelligent man there, who 1 be-
lieve was collector of New Haven.
Mr. DIXON. He is one who went with
the President. I included him in the three
or four. He is a very prominent and able
man.
Mr. HOWE. I met another who was post-
master at New Haven.
Mr. DIXON. My colleague can state with
regard to him.
Mr. HOWE. I had occasion to inquire
about him. I metanother gentleman who was
a candidate, if I remember aright, for Lieu-
tenant Governor upon the Republican ticket
last year.
Mr. DIXON. Oh, yes; there was a rush, I
agree, of the people. I agree with the Senator
in that; but when you come to the national
office-holders they generally went the other
way.
Sir. FERRY. I should like to have an
opportunity to explain the Connecticut elec-
tion as it really was.
Mr. HOWE. I shall be very happy to hear
the Senator on that point. He can elucidate
it much better than I can. I rose only to say,
and this is all I wanted to say, that the fact
that a Senator of the United States and all
these office-holders combined, with the pros-
pective patronage of the President thrown in,
should be able to carry the State under a bare
majority of five hundred in a vote of ninety
thousand, I did not think gaye very extraor-
dinary indications of a popular reaction, and
so far I let that pass. The Senator from Con-
necticut [Mr. Ferry] will speak tipon that
point much better than I can myself.
The main purpose for which I rose was to
reply to a remark or two made by my colleague
in reference to the appointments which have
been made and the nominations which have
been rejected in the State of Wisconsin. My
colleague says, and I think he says rightly, that
the Republican party has no occasion to com-
plain in the State of Wisconsin of the way in
which those appointments have been made." I
do not know that the Republican party does com-
plain. I have heard of no complaint. I certainly
do not complain myself on behalf of the Repub-
lican party. My colleague says that he believes
the large majority of those appointments which
have been made are Republicans. I believe
he is entirely right. So far as I know they are
all Republicans.
The simple fact about this matter is: I have
never made any complaint about what has been
done in Wisconsin. Yesterday, in explaining
to the Senate why I felt as if my work here was
ended, or was nearly ended, I did not find occa-
sion to make any allusion to what had been
done, what had been accomplished toward filling
the offices, but I did go on to explain the difficul-
ties in the way of filling those yet remaining to
be filled, speaking especially in reference to a
single district, the fourth district represented
by a Democrat in the other House, and in which
there are now two offices to be filled. I felt
bound to explain that, so that both the Senate
might know and my friends at home might
know precisely the difficulties in my path. I
felt that I had got to do one of two things, or
at least one of three. I had either got to say
that I would not consent to the appointment
of any man unless he thought as I did. or I had
got to say that I would consent to a division of
those offices, or I had got to say that I would
surrender all pretext of standing by and of up-
holding the political opinions of my friends. 1
could not consent to do the last. I offered to
do the second. I did not think myself, under
the circumstances, quite justified in standing
for the first. So much as to that district.
As to what has been done in other districts
I think the statement made by my colleague is
essentially correct. I think the offices have
been filled in almost every, and I do not know
but in every, instance by Republicans; but my
colleague knows very well that I did not insist
u-pon that; that I was not consulted about that.
He knows very well that to him I said what I
have said here in reference to the fourth dis-
trict ; that I was perfectly willing to make a
division of these matters. But he seems to
have preferred selecting the men himself and
men of my own political persuasion. For this
I am very glad, and I think it certainly a more
satisfactory disposition of those offices than if
he had accepted my own suggestion. If he has
heard of any complaint of my political friends
out there as to what has been done, I can only
say that I have not heard of any, and as for
myself I certainly have not made any, and 1
did not intend to be understood as making any
yesterday or on any former occasion. The dif-
ficulties I wish to explain were not those I had
encountered, but those which lay before me just
now.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, I do not like
to detain the Senate ; I know it is impatient to
get at the active business of the day; but I
think it is right, under the course which this
debate Kas taken, that I should spend a little
time in giving the real philosophy of the reccnt
election in Connecticut, for there is a philos-
ophy underlying that election; and it is two-
fold. It arises first from the nature of the
population of my State. Close to the great
commercial metropolis where the vast bulk of
the European immigration lands, that immi-
gration overflows into Connecticut, and fills up
our villages scattered along our lines of rail-
road all over the State. Our young men of
American birth, as they grow up and attain their
majority, leave their homes, go to the cities
or to the West, and their places are filled by the
peasantry of the Old World just poured into
this country. We have about ninety thousand
votes in Connecticut. Of these more than one
fourth to-day are cast by naturalized citizens.
Of those votes at the recent election nearly
forty-five thousand were cast for the Republican
candidate and about forty-six thousand for the
Democratic candidate for Governor. Of the
votes cast for the Democratic candidate more
than one half were cast by citizens of foreign
birth, and of those citizens more than the
majority which the Democratic candidate ob-
tained were citizens who were naturalized
within three weeks prior to the election. And
when my colleague talks of the intelligence of
Connecticut as reversing the verdict of the
State last year, or as arrayed in imposition to
the great Republican party of the United States,
it seems to me that he must know that he is
talking wide of the record. The vote given
for the Republican candidate this year is larger
in numbers than that given last year. The
increased vote given for the Democratic can-
didate over last year is less than the natural-
ized votes of this year.
Owing to this nature of our population and
the mode in which it increases we Republicans
in Connecticut have always a hard battle to
fight. We must win the accessions to our side
from the young men of American birth, edu-
cated in our schools, reared in our churches,
attached to the principles upon which this
Government was founded. It is from them
that we have got to get our accretions, while,
the ignorance and the superstition of the Old
World year by year is poured into the Demo-
cratic ranks, with which my colleague is now
happy to affiliate.
Again, sir, I said there was a twofold phi-
losophy in this matter. As we have to win to
our side from the young men as educated in
our schools and of American birth it has been
our true policy, and would have been our true
policy for the last twelve years, constantly, per-
sistently to have maintained a bold, manly front
to the common enemy. Pluck, courage wins
young men; they come where they see it. But,
sir, the other branch of the philosophy under-
lying the result this spring has been this: while
the great mass of the Republican party of Con-
necticut has ever since its origin been manly
and faithful to the principles of the party, we
have had among us a few hundred men, no
more, holding the balance of power between
the parties of our State; and of those few hun-
dred my colleague has been the commander-
in-chief ; and we have in our annual conven-
tions, I admit, in our intense desire to secure
the vote of Connecticut for that party whoso
principles we believe to be essential to tho
permanence and the goodness of our institu-
tions, yielded too much to this little prsetorian
corps. At their solicitations, upon their pres-
sure from year to year, we have failed to place
ourselves fairly and squarely upon the record
which the Republican party was making for
itself in the other States of the Republic.
During the war, in our anxiety to secure the
