844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
will put the question on granting leave to with-
draw the call for the yeas and nays.
Leave was granted.
Mr. SUMNER. Looking at the clock I beg
to remind the Senate that it now wants twenty
minutes of four. I think at that hour we had
better adjourn arid go home if we are not dis-
posed to go into executive session and attend
to the business on our table. If Senators are
disposed to adjourn and go home for the day
I have no objection to that; but I do not think
it advisable for'us to open again to-day the
debate on the question of a final adjournment.
It is evident from the very discursive and mul-
tifarious speeches to which we have listened
with so much interest on this subject of an ad-
journment that there is much more to be said.
The subject has not been exhausted. Con-
necticut is not exhausted; nor is Wisconsin ;
in short, I believe that is a perennial fountain
which must always flow as long as my excel-
lent friend [Mr. Doolittle] is in this Chamber.
It is evident there is much more to be said on
the subject; it had better, therefore, go over
until to-morrow. If the Senate is not dis-
posed to adjourn and go home let us at least
go into executive session. To that end, there-
fore—I supposed that motion was pending;
if it is not I make the motion that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness, and on that I ask for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT^?!-*) tempore. That mo-
tion has been pending for three hours.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on it.
-- The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cattell, Cole, Conkling,
Cragin, Drake, Eessenden, ilarian, Morgan, Patter-
son of e vv Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Sum-
ner, and Van Winkle—13.
IS A5fS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Dixon, Doolit-
tlc, Ferry, }>'owler, Frelinghuysen, Henderson, Ilovfe,
Johnson, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton, Norton, Nye, Ramsey, Ross, Stewart, Thayer,
Tipton, Trumbull, Wade, "Williams, and Yates—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Conness, Cor-
bett, Davis, Edmunds. Grimes, Guthrie, Hendricks,
Howard, Pomeroy, Salisbury, Sherman, Sprague,
Willey, and Wilson—16.
So the Senate refused to go into executive
session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the resolution fixing the day of ad-
journment, as amended.
Mr. SUMNER. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
_ Mr. DOOLITTLE. ThatisTuesday at four
o'clock, I believe.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
the resolution as amended.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 11; as follows:
^ YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
ling, Doolittle, Drake, Ferry, Fowler, Harlan. Hen-
derson, Howe, Johnson, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton, Norton, Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Ramsey, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, Wade, Williams, and Yates—26.
NAYb—Messrs, Buckalew, Cattell, Cragin, Dixon,
Fessen den, Frelinghuysen, Morgan, Morrill of Maine,
Patterson of Tennessee, Itoss, and Sumner—11.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Conness, Cor-
bett, Davis, Edmunds, Grimes, Guthrie, Hendricks,
Howard, Pomeroy, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague,
Willey, and Wilson—16.
So the resolution was adopted.
executive session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
_ The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
Saturday, April 13, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, transmitting a report of
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, in response
to a resolution of the Senate of March 29,
calling for various items of information as to
Indian affairs, 'frhich was ordered to be printed,
and lie oh the table.
tenukk-of-officil bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that there be printed
for the use of the Senate five hundred copies
of the tenure-of-office bill. There is occasion
for reference to it all the time, and there is no
way of putting our hands upon it. It may be
printed in the newspapers, but such copies are
not at.reach always. I make the motion; the
expense will not be much.
The motion was agreed to.
governor of colorado territory.
After a pause—
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move that the
Senate now proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will Suggest that there are several resolutions
on the table that may be acted on if Senators
see fit to call them up.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I withdraw the
motion if there is any other business to be
done.
Mr. THAYER. I move to fake up the res-
olution I submitted on Tuesday last, relative to
the Governor of Colorado.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolu-
tion :
Revok ed, That the President bo requested to in-
form the Senate, if in his opinion not incompatible
with the public interest, when Alexander Cummines
was appointed Governor of Colorado Territory; how
much of the time the said Cummiugs lias been absent
from the Territory since his appointment, and
whether by permission or riot; and how much of
said time with permission and how much without
permission, and whether on public duties or not; and
whether his salary has been paid to him during his
absence or not, and how much has been paid to him
as salary for the time he has been absent from the
Territory,
The resolution was agreed to.
senate employes.
Mr. CRAGIN submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate he di-
rected to pay out of the contingent fund of the Sen-
ate to the clerks of committees and pages employed
during the present special session of the Senate, and
such other employes as are paid by the day, the usual
per diem compensation.
revision of the rules.
Mr. FESSENDEN submitted' the following
resolution:
Resolved, That a committee of three Senators be
appointed to revise the rules of the Senate, and to
report thereon early in the next session.
executive session.
On motion of Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN,
the Senate proceeded to the consideration of
executive business; and after five hours spent
in executive session, the doors were reopened,
and the Senate adjourned.
Monday, April 15, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, communicating, in compli-
ance with a resolution of the Senate of the
10th instant, information relative to prisoners
of war taken by belligerents in the Mexican
republic.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that those papers
lie upon the table, and be printed for the use
of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid
before the Senate a message of the President
of the United States, communicating, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate of Jan-
uary 28, 1807, information in relation to the
absence of territorial officers from their post
of duty; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
revision of the rules.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] offered a
resolution on Saturday, which was laid over,
which ought to be considered in open session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would rather wait
until more Senators get in this moAing before
taking it up.
executiyjs session.
Mr. RAMSEY. If there is no business in
open session, I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened.
extension of the session.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to enter a motion
to reconsider the vote on the passage of the
resolution fixing the time for the adjournment
of thfe present session of the Senate sine die.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
will be entered.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
resolution for consideration:
Resolved, That the time fixed by the resolution of
the 12th instant for closing the present session of the
Senate by an adjournment sine die be extended to
the hourof four o'clock p.m. on Wednesday, the 17th
of April.
louis v. bogy.
On motion of Mr. ROSS, the letter of the
Secretary of the Interior, dated April 8, 1867,
communicating, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 5th instant, informa-
tion in relation to the employment of Louis V.
Bogy in the Department of the Interior, was
taken from the table and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, communicating, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of the 12th instant,
information in relation to the employment of
an attorney to represent that Department in
the Court of Claims in certain cases pending
in said court; which, on motion of Mr. Chand-
ler, was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
leave of absence.
Mr. DRAKE. I wish to ask leave of ab-
sence for the remainder of this session of the
Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am averse to the
Senate beginning this practice of giving leave
to Senators to absent themselves. It has never
been done in the Senate since I have been
here to my knowledge. A request was made
the other day which was not acted upon.
Every Senator has a right to go away when
he chooses, and we cannot compel him to re-
main. He can justify himself to his own mind
and to his constituents if he needs any justifi-
cation. By undertaking to give leaves of ab-
sence we introduce a practice here which has
never prevailed to my knowledge. Every gen-
tleman acts upon his own responsibility. I
have no doubt, as the Senator says, that there
is very good reason for him to go ; but there
is no reason why we should pass upon it in
any way. He does not need any leave from
us. He can go and return at his pleasure.
That has been the practice of the Senate hith-
erto, and I hope that it will not be broken
over.
Mr. DRAKE. I will state that I made the
application undera misapprehension. I thought
that it was a customary thing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir.
Mr. DRAKE. Now, bei g informed by the
honorable Senator from Maine that it is not,
of course I do not wish to continue the appli-
cation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator withdraw his motion?
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir.
