1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
845
condensed reports.
Mr, BUCKALE W. I offer the following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be au-
thorized to enter into a contract in the name of the
Senate with some properperson to furnish condensed
or synoptical reports of the proceedings and debates
of the Senate, the same to be free to the press of the
country or to any authorized agency thereof, such
contract not to continue for a period exceeding one
year, and to be submitted to the Senate for approval.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
the resolution ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is it a resolution of
inquiry simply?
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be read again.
The Secretary again read the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. That is a very important
proposition, indeed. I should like to h^ve it
considered at least by our Committee on Print-
ing.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will state that my
motive in taking up the resolution is to permit
the chairman of the Committee on Printing to
make a motion with regard,to it. I do not see
him here at the present moment, however. I
will make the motion in his absence. I ask
the Senate to take up the resolution in order
to submit a motion in regard to the subject. I
do not want it adopted now.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. What mo-
tion does the Senator make in regard to it?
Mr. BUCKALEW. To proceed tp its con-
sideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there;
any objection ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, and Mr. FRE-
LINGHUYSEN. I object.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. Objeqtion
being made, it lies over.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not know why we
should object if it is merely to go to a commit-
tee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It authorizes the com-
mittee to contract.
Mr. SUMNER.. But I would send it to the
committee for inquiry.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution goes over under the;
rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The objection, I appre-
hend, will be withdrawn. The Senator fronv
Pennsylvania stated that lie did not wish action
upon the resolution, but desired to have it taken
up for the purpose of making a motion in regard
to it. I apprehend there can be no objection
to that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I understand
that the Senator's object is to offer a substitute.
Mr. BUCKALEW. No, sir. The chair-
man of the Committee on Printing desires,
when this subject is up, to move to refer it to a
select committee. He is not present, but I will
submit that motion in his absence as if he were
here. I want it acted on to-day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no objection
to that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
has been made, and if it is persisted in the
resolution goes over.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I withdraw
the objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no other
objection be interposed the resolution will be
considered as before the Senate.'
Mr. BUCKALEW. At the instance of the
chairman of the Committee on Printing, I
move to refer this subject to a select commit-
tcc of three.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
if this resolution goes to a committee of three
whether it goes to that committee with author-
ity to enter into this arrangement?
Several Senators, Oh, no; to reportupon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. To report it back to
the Senate?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. Then should not the reso-
lution be altered to the common form, that the
committee be directed to consider the expedi-
ency of entering into such an arrangement?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator does not
understand it. The resolution authorizes the
Committee on Printing to contract. Now, the
motion of the Senator from Pennsylvania is to
refer the resolution to a select committee, and
they must report whether it is advisable to
direct the Committee on Printing to make such
a contract. There is no objection to that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am in favor of the
proposition in that view, and I hope it will be
adopted, and that the committee will report;
and I am prepared to say that I hope they will
authorize the Committee on Printing to make
such a contract, to have some way by which
the reports of this body can go out in other
than the garbled form in which they have gone
out heretofore, misrepresenting the positions
of Senators almost daily. I have never made
a complaint in ray life; I have never risen, I
believe, to a personal explanation since I have
been a member of the body ; but I have seen
the abuse of this thing, and I shall be very
glad indeed if we can get a reform in some
way.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I understand the ob-
jection heretofore made to any action of this
kind is that the Senate is in the power of the
Associated Press, and that if we have authentic
and accurate reports prepared that association
will not receive them ; they will by their exten-
sive power, by their control over the press
of the country, use their own reports in the
future, and our attempt to extricate ourselves
from the existing situation will be fruitless.
That is the objection which has been stated,
and I belief the only one which has induced
delay with reference to this question of reform.
No.w, sir, I want to know whether the Senate
of the United States is at the mercy of anybody
who may be placed in our gallery under our
rule; whether the reports of our proceedings
shall be given to the country in precisely such
form as an unauthorized and irresponsible in-
dividual may choose; whether his partialities
shall be exercised in representing members to
the public; whether his incapacity shall brood
over the information which is given to the coitn-
try of what we do.
I have b^en in the habit occasionally during
the recent sessions of Congress of looking at
the daily reports, and I must say that they are
essentially unjust; they are essentially unfair
as to individual members; and that they con-
vey an improper view to the community of
what we do. I think upon due inquiry it will
be found that we may exercise some control
over this subject; that if we attain accurate,
intelligent, authentic reports the Associated
Press, and all the press not connected with that
association, will eventually take them. By
producing a better article we will command
the market. If the Associated Press, when
that provision is made, will not take these
reports when they are furnished to them free
of charge, we have the power to defend our-
selves certainly.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, to refer this subject to a select com-
mittee of three.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. How shall
the committee be appointed?
Mr. BUCKALEW. By the Chair.
The motion was agreed to.
executive session.
Mr. CIIxlNDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
Tuesday, April 16, 18G7.
Prayer by Rev. E. II. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
extension of the session.
Mr. SUMNER. There was a motion made,
I think, yesterday to reconsider the resolution
of adjournment. I do not see the Senator in
his place who made it, but under the circum-
stances I think the motion to reconsider per-
haps had better be acted upon and the resolu-
tion be reconsidered, and then it can lie on the
table.
Mr. ANTHONY. There was another mo-
tion made to postpone the time of the adjourn-
ment. I think that had better be acted upon
rather than the motion to reconsider. The
Senator who made the motion to reconsider
will be in presently, and perhaps we had better
defer action on the subject until then.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
condensed reports.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will take this occasion to announce the special
committee appointed to consider the resolution
offered by Mr. Buckalew, directing the Com-
mittee on Printing to make a contract with
regard to condensed reports of the proceed-
ings of the Senate. The Chair will appoint
Mr. Buckalew, Mr. Anthony, and Mr. Trum-
bull to be that committee.
extension of the session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to call up the
resolution that was laid on the table yesterday
by the Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. An-
thony] with reference to extending the time
of adjournment.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That the time fixed by the resolution of
the 12thinstant for closing the present session of tho
Senate by an adjournment sine die be extended to
the hour of four o'clock p. m. on Wednesday, the
17th of April.
Mr. HOWE. What assurance is there that
we shall be any better prepared to adjourn
to-morrow than we are to-day?
Mr. FESSENDEN. If we are not, we can,-
postpone it another day. I think there is some
chance of our getting through to-morrow. If
not, we can postpone the adjournment a day
further.
Mr. HOWE. What assurance is there that
we shall have a quorum to-morrow to postpone
the adjournment?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then we cannot do
any business. My own impression is that
probably we cannot get through at best until
Thursday.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to ask, would it
not be better, then, simply to reconsider the
resolution of adjournment, and let it lie on the
table, to be called up when we can see the
time to fix it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. If we reconsider the
resolution, and are left without a quorum, with
no time fixed, we cannot adjourn at all. I
think this is the better way. I think there will
be a quorum.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have the
resolution read.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to amend the reso-
lution by inserting "Thursday, the 18th of
April."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
that. I do not think we can get through
before Thursday. If we should get through
to-morrow we can adjourn theu if we have a
mind to.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course we can.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) It is moved to amend
the resolution by striking out " Wednesday, the
17th of April." and inserting "Thursday, the
18th of April. "
The amendment was agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the resolution as amended.
Mr. HOWE. I cannot vote for the resolu-
tion. I have no sort of assurance that we shall
be any better prepared to adjourn to-morrow,
or Thursday, or next week, or next month than
we are to-day. There is nothing in the world
that I know of to prevent our adjourning to-
day except the simple fact that there are cer-
