846
THE CO^GMSSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
tain offices in the United States which have
not been filled yet; and those offices hare not
been filled simply because the President has
not found time since the 1st of December last
to send men to the Senate that the Senate could
or would confirm. Not having been able to
accomplish this in that time affords to my
mind a very clear indication that he will not
find time to dolt before the middle ef next
week, and strong reasons for suspecting that
he will not do it before the middle of next fall,
and I think a very satisfactory1 ground of be-
lief that he will not do it at all if the Senate
once advise him that they are prepared to stay
here until he does do it.
These offices have been .vacant, if they can
be vacant, since the 4th of March last. Some-
body is to blame for that. If the President
has sent us men whom we ought to have con-
firmed, we are to blame, because we have" not
confirmed them. If he has not sent us men
whom we ought to confirm, he is to blame,
because he ought to have sent us such men.
Every time_ we have voted to reject a man
whose nomination was necessary to filling an
office we have voted' to leave that office vacant,
and every time he has sent us a man whom he
had satisfactory reasons for believing we would
not confirm he has concluded to let that office
be vacant rather than send us another man.
Now, I do not think the Senate ought to be
required to stay here forever to try this ques-
tion. I have once .said to the Senate that
whenever I had voted to reject a man I had
voted that I would rather that man should be
rejected than confirmed, though the conse-
quence was that the office should be closed.
1 have rejected all that I have any appetite for
rejecting. I would like to close out the enter-
tainment ; and I would like, if the Senate felt
satisfied with the way it has discharged its
duty heretofore, that it should come to the
conclusion that it had done enough in that
direction, and should go home and take the
responsibility of these offices being closed, if
the fault is ours, and if it is not ours let it rest
on the only other quarter where it can fall.
Therefore I voted deliberately last week to fix
four o'clock this afternoon as the hour for
adjournment. I do not want to extend it one
minute. Whcn^ four o'clock comes I want
this Senate to dissolve, not exactly into thin
nir, but into individuals, and I want permis-
sion to retire from this Capitol.
Mr. CAMERON._ I hope we shall not ex-
tend the time of adjournment .beyond to-mor-
row at furthest. I did believe when I came
herethat some kindly treatment toward the
President might induce him to act wisely in
Ms appointments ; but so far as Pennsylvania
is concerned every appointment that he sends
in is worse than the preceding One. I do not
believe if we were to remain here until next
I)ecemberf as far as mv State is conceriiedj
the appointments would "be satisfactory to the
Republican party, that party which elected
him. I think his intention is, if possible, to
throw the responsibility upon us of leavi ng these
offices vacant. I for one am willing to take the
responsibility which justly belongs to the action
of the Senate. The vacancies which now exist
in Pennsylvania were created last summer,
when he believed, through bad advice, that he
could control Pennsylvania and with Pennsyl-
vania carry the Union for his policy. He failed
to do so, notwithstanding he removed almost
every office-holder in Pennsylvania. Almost
every man in office there -who had voted for
him was compelled to give place to somebody
who had opposed his election. It had no effect
upon our election then, and 1 am willing to try
it again. I do not believe that he has any in-
tention of appointing anybody but the worst
men he can appoint—the worst men he can
select who are willing to take his places.
For myself I would much rather adjourn to-
day than to-morrow, but I am willing to wait
until to-morrow and give him notice that that
is the end of the time. If he thinks proper to
send in proper persons here we will confirm
them; if he does not, let the responsibility be
with him, where it will rest. I shall vote for
no more of these compromises.,
Mr. CHANDLER. I think ' we are a little
at fault in this matter, Mr. President. Certain
Senators on this side of the House proclaimed
a few days ago that they were determined that
these offices should be filled. ' Of course that
was giving Mr. Johnson notice that he might
continue-to send in Copperheads - and traitors,
and that they would vote to confirm them. To
correct that misapprehension on his'part I am
willing to give him one day's notice that Cop-
perheads and traitors will not be confirmed^
and that if he sends in loyal men they will be.
I wish simply to correct the misapprehension
that has arisen in his mind from the action of
not more than two or three members on this
side of the Senate, in proclaiming that they
would vote to fill the offices no matter who the
nominees were. I shall, therefore, vote for
the .postponement one day. I am willing to
give him one day's notice, and then I would'
adjourn.sine die whether the offices were filled
or not. I said the other day that I would not
be coerced into voting for improper men, and
I will notand I am willing to serve on him
to-day notice' that we give him one day more
to fill these offices with proper men and no
more time. I hopethat the'motion to extend
the time for twenty-four hours will prevail, and
that there will be no further extension.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was not aware, until
I heard the Senator from Michigan, that any
Senators on this side of the Chamber, or on
either side of the Chamber, had given notice
that they would vot4 for Copperheads or any-
body else thai the President might send here.
I suppose if there are any such Senators the
Senator from Michigan can name them. I was
not aware of the fact before. Is the Senator
disposed to say who they are ?
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Maine
said he would vote to" fill these offices, and it
is the Senator from Maine I mean. He is the
chief, certainly. I mean the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I thought so. The
Senator is always trying to hit at me in some
way. I know his blows are not very severe.
They strike wide, but they do not, many of
them, produce much effect. I said no such
thing, intimated no such thing as that I should
vote for improper men, for Copperheads or
traitors; and if the Senator means to say that
I did he. states what is not true in any sense.
Mr. CHANDLER. I stated just what the
Senator did say: that he meant that these
offices should be filled, and that he would vote
to fill them; and he saw the class of men
whose names were coming in, and notice was
given to the_ President, as I have been in-
formed, that if he persisted in sending in these
names the Senate would surrender.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No such inference can
be drawn from anything I said except by a
man who is determined to draw wrong infer-
ences. Take the record, look at it, and see if
any such inference can be drawn from what I
said. The Senator cannot find it. It was not
said or intimated in any shape. I said, sir,
what I say now, that in my judgment it is the
duty of the Senate to stay here until these
offices are filled; and I said, moreover, that
if the President sent in proper men, men that
we ought to vote for, I should vote for them.
I said nothing and intimated nothing about
others, and when the Senator puts that out to
the country I repel it with the scorn and con-
tempt I feel.
Now, fair, the Senator must not be too hard
upon us in his late position of leader on this
side of the Chamber. When he assumes it he
at least must be reasonably generous, and at
any rate confine himself to facts and to proper
inferences drawn from what is said by other
Senators. Let him turn to the record and see
n I said anything that would bear any such
inference as he has drawn.
Sir, I think the Senate has got to stay here
properly until all hope of agreeing with the
President on these appointments is lost. I
think the country will hold us responsible if
we desert our posts. I am as anxious to retire
as anybody. But, what have we done? We
have passed a tenure-of-office bill which pre-
vents, what has hitherto been done, the Presi-
dent from filling the offices in the recess, so
that in some cases the duties of the office can-
not be performed by any one. We have passed
that bill over his veto. Now, having done it,'
if we undertake to go away as long as he is
making an effort, by sending in names here, to
fill these offices, without doing it, I say the
responsibility is upon us and we cannot avoid
it. The advice that is given upon that subject
in my judgment is bad and dangerous advice;
and if my friend, the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, is willing to take the responsibility for
Pennsylvania, let me say to him that I think he
will find the responsibility a weighty one. I
knOw he is ready to take it when he says he
is; but I think he will find that he is not so able
to carry it as he supposes.
There are other parties concerned in this
question besides the President and the Senate,
and those parties are the people of the coun-
try who want these offices filled. You may talk
about shutting up a post office in an important
town because we cannot agree with the Presi-
dent as-to who shall be postmaster; but what
will the people of that town say when they
c&nnotget their letters and their newspapers ?
These little matters have a very important
effect upon the public mind, let me say to Sen-
ators ; andhowever they may talk about polit-
ical effect in throwing the responsibility upon
the President and off our shoulders, let me say
to- Senators that when it comes to a matter of
personal inconvcnience to every man, woman,
and child in ■ an important town or city in this
Union, its people will 'hold everybody respon-
sible who had any part in the matter, and say
that it is more important to the country that
the office should be administered than that the
President should blame the Senate or the Sen-
ate blame the President. We cannot escape
our share of that responsibility, in my judg-
ment;, and more especially can we not escape
it if we do not fill the custom-house offices,
where the revenue is collected, and leave the
question of who shall collect it a moot question
and a difficult question to be met.
The opinion I expressed before I express
now in its full length and breadth ; I say it is
the duty of the Senate to stay here until we
come to an agreement with the President on
these matters, or until it. is manifest that there
is no possibility of our agreeing. Let us look
at the. facts and see how they will stare us in
the face. The President removed between
four and five hundred officers, as was stated
here in debate; and at this day there are some
fifty or sixty offices that are not filled—perhaps
not so many; certainly not more. The rest
have been filled, and filled with men who have
been confirmed by this Senate. What is the
inference ? That the President has nominated
nearly four hundred men who were acceptable
to the Senate.
I do not mean to defend the President for
his action in turning out those men. I find as
much fault with it as anybody. I am ready to
stay here as long as anybody to keep out im-
proper persons ; but I am unwilling that the
argument should be turned against us and
against me.^ I am unwilling that the friends
of the President should have it in their power
to say, "Look; out of nearly five hundred
men the President has nominated four hun-
dred were acceptable to you.'' Every day that
he sends in tiameagjrve confirm a dozen or more
of his nominations. When that is going on
can we say that the President is not making
an effort to agree with the Senate ? Do we
takethe position that he has no right to an
opinion on the subject when he is the person
appointed by the Constitution to make nomina-
tions to office ?
As long as he continues to send men that
we do not approve we have a right to reject
them. I do not quarrel with the Senate for
that; but what I advise is that we should try in
