848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
a business man, not a party hack; as true a
friend of the country and of the cause of the
country in this late war as any man that is
•within its broad limits; true to the Union, true
to the stars and stripes, true as any man for
putting down the rebellion; and yet such a
man as this was presented to the Senate, and
it is a matter of public history that he was
rejected. Now, sir, here is the second effort
of the President of the United States to fill
that office, and to have it filled by such a man,
and the Senate will not receive him. He is
rejected, and the office is still permitted to
remain vacant and its duties unperformed and
unattended to. Who is responsible for that,
the President of the United States or the Sen-
ate?
Well, sir, the President, true to his constitu-
tional duty to nominate for office, seeds still
another man to fill this office that had origin-
ally become vacant, not by his ejecting any
man from office because he differed from him
in his polities, but because of the voluntary
resignation of the incumbent. He sends in
anothor nominee. That nominee has been
presented to the Senate, Judge Appersou. A
man more fit for the office to which he had
been nominated could not be designated in the
civil history of our country. No man less a
party hack than he, intelligent, a learned judge
and lawyer, honest, of the highest charactcr
for integrity and truth, a business man, diligent,
capable, acceptable to his people, elected a
judge by the popular vote since the commence-
ment of the war, as spotless and as unobjec-
tionable a man as lives ; and yet the fastidious
Senate will not accept such a man as him from
the President as the third effort to fill the
office; and why? This man was no party
hack. Neither of the gentlemen who had been
nominated for the office previous to him was
a party hack. But the Senate reject him as
inexorably as the two former ones. Why?
Simply because he is not an adherent, a sup-
porter, a partisan of Congress against the Pres-
ident. Sir, he is no partisan of the President.
He is no partisan of Congress. He is a par-
tisan of the Constitution and the Union of his
country. Thatip the only partisanship that he
jias ever known or recognized or acted upon;
but that partisanship does not suit the Senate.
They are not willing to take a man who has
every quality of intellect, of business, of char-
acter, of integrity, and of morals of three dif-
ferent men for this office that was vacant by
resignation, and they reject the whole of them
seriatim-, and all upon the simple ground that
the men nominated were not Radicals, were
qot supporters of Congress, when they were
not the partisans of the President. These men
would scorn to be.the blind partisans and tools
of any President or of any Congress. They
are men of character and of principle, attached
to their Government, desirous of its proper
and enlightened and virtuous administration.
They are men eminently competent to take
part in such an administration of the Govern-
ment, and they would scorn to act any other
part in it. And yet this third nominee for the
office was rejected.
The President has sent in another. I sup-
pose that the same fate awaits him, because
although he comes up to all the requisites of a
true officer, to every requisite that the appoint-
ing power, whether it be the nominating or the
confirming power, oughtto require, although he
comes up fully to every requisite that any en-
lightened and virtuous appointing power ought
to require, still he is deficient in this indispensa-
ble requisite: he is not an extreme partisan
of the Senate against the President; he enters
into no partisanship; he is for the Senate and
for Congress when they are right; he is for the
President when ho is right. He supports the
Constitution and the union, was himself a
soldier ill the war, and also led his regiment
into the field and into battle, and is ready to do
so again, and has every requisite and qualifi-
cation for the office but this indispensable one:
he is not a partisan of Congress.
Now. Mr. President, I have spoken of my own
State, and of this particular office, simply be-
cause I had knowledge in relation to my State
and this office. I have not in relation to other
States of course, and could not have; but this
I have to say: that if the President is acting in
as noble performance of his duty in other States
as in the State of Kentucky in bis various nom-
inations to fill this office he has done his duty
most preeminently, and is subject to no cen-
sure whatever, ana if there be any default
whatever it is the default of the Senate and
not of the President, and it will so be regarded
by the portion of the people of Kentucky
among whom the duties of this office are to be
performed.
Mr. YATES. I' always listen with a great
deal of pleasure to the able Senator from Ken-
tucky,-beeause he always presents his side of
the question in the ablest manner; bat, sir, I
am unwilling that the rule which he lays down
to the Senate shall go out to the country as the
rule, or as what has been considered the rule,
governing the Seuate heretofore.
I am willing to admit that where a President
has been elected by the popular vote, and he
appoints partisans, the men of his own party
to office, if they are respectable, if they are
worthy, if they are competent, it is the duty
of the Senate, or has been considered their
duty, to confirm the nominations of the Presi-
dent. Why ? Because that is the popular ver-
dict; the people have so decided; it is the
voice of the majority. They.have decided that
he is the President of the United States, and
that he has the right to nominate his partisan
friends to office, and the minority very prop-
erly submit to this expression of the popular
verdict.
But, sir, the present case is anomalous. I
find my friend, the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, claiming that the men who have
been elected in particular districts by Radical
votes shall not name the men who are to hold
the offices, but a renegade from his party, the
President of the United States, who has aban-
doned his party, who has turned his face upon
his party, who ignores the popular verdict,
who repudiates the will of the people, who rep-
resents a miserable minority of the people of
the United States, that he, forsooth, shall send
in his nominations for a radical Republican
Senate to confirm 1 Sir, this Radical party of
which the Senator from Kentucky speaks has
swept the country by majorities which have not
been known in the history of this Government.
Our victory was not only not doubtful, but it
was complete. Our banner waved everywhere
in the ascendant. And now the Senate, which
represents this popular voice, the verdict of
the people, are to sit here and confirm the
nominations of Democrats, of men from the
minority, or of mere quasi Republicans ! Will
the honorable Senator from Maine ask me to
stay here and see my nomination for the man
in my district treated with contempt, and
name after name sent in until they number
dozens ? Am I to sit here and finally indorse
the nomination of some quasi Republican it
may be, taking not whom I want, not whom the
people of the district or the people of the State
want, but whom I can only get? Sir, the rule
was that "the spoils belong to the victors,"
that the party which triumphed should have
men in office to carry out the principles of
that party.
I am not in favor of any speedy or sudden
adjournment; but do we not know that if we
sit here we are not to get our choice ; that
although we are in the majority, although we
have carried the majority in the country, and
are entitled to the offices according to the
rule, we are to sit here from day to day and
make rejection after rejection, and finally take
somebody who is not the choice of the Senate,
but a sort of compromise man, who is neither
Democrat nor Radical, somebody that we will
take because we cannot get whom we want?
Now, sir, I can see the effects of this delay
of the Senate staying here upon Republican
Senators. What is tho fact? Name after name
is sent in : we must confirm or reject; and
if we cannot get the man we want, if we finally
take some man who is not acceptable to the
Republican party, we are responsible when
we go home. We are responsible also for
every objection which has been made. Who
does, not know now that it is a part of the pol-
icy of the Administration to look up lame and
disabled soldiers who have turned traitors to
the principles of the party which has triumphed
in this country and flood the Senate with these
nominations, so that the hue and cry may be
raised that we are voting against soldiers, men
who have fought and bled in the service of
their country. The longer we stay here the
more are we to be subjected to the charge that
we are repudiating soldiers. I am opposed to
any such course. I do not recognize the prin-
ciple which the Senator from Kentucky lays
down. The offices of this country belong to
the men wlio have carried the elections at the
polls. He says that we reject men because
they are not Radicals. Sir, we have a right
to reject them because they are not Radicals,
because the sentiment of this country is Radi-
cal ; the Radical sentiment has triumphed and
gloriously triumphed; and the Senate of the
United States will not como up to the high-
water mark of its duties unless it sees that
Radicals control this country.
Mr. ANTHONY. It looks as if this debate
would last all day. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think we can have
a vote now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. -Let us have
a vote.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will give way if a vote
can be taken; but I will not give way to any
more talking.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think we can have a
vote.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will give -way for a
vote.
Mr. HOWE. I am not sure that we can
have a vote.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I would rather go
into executive session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Rhode Island withdraw hia
motion ?
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand that the
Senator from Wisconsin proposes to debate
this subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Unless we act upon'
the resolution we shall have to adjourn at four
o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don; I understand it is reconsidered.
Mr. ANTHONY. No; it is not reconsid-
ered. The motion to reconsider has not been
taken up. This is a separate resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My motion is to post-
pone the time, and unless we do so we must
adjourn at four o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. With that understanding, I
shall oppose the motion to go into executive
session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does tho
Senator from Rhode Island withdraw his
motion?
Mr. ANTHONY. No, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We must act upon
this subject and settle it now, and I hope my
friend will withdraw his motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
Mr. HENDERSON. I rise not to discuss
this question at all, but simply to state to the
Senator from Rhode Island that the Commit-
tee on Finance have in their hands now a large
number of nominations, and it will bo utterly
impossible for us to do justice to ourselves and
adjourn this evening at four o'clock, and some
action ought to be had on this resolution. We
must postpone the time. I am anxious for
the adjournment; I have voted with the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island at all times for an early
adjournment, and I am now in favor of fixing
the earliest practicable moment; hut as at
