1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
849
friend of an early adjournment I cannot con-
sent that the Senate should adjourn this even-
ing. Wc shall do injustice to ourselves, and
much responsibility will attach to us, if we
adjouru this evening. The most important
offices are yet unfilled—all the offices of Phil-
adelphia. The collection of the customs can-
not now be had in the interim if we adjourn at
lour o'clock, and it is an utter impossibility to
have them filled before, that time. I beg the
Senator from, Rhode Island to take this matter
into consideration. If Senators persist in dis-
cussing this subject let them do so until four
o'clock, aud let the responsibility rest upon
them.
Mr. ANTHONY. Well, let us have a vote,
then.
Mr. HENDERSON. -I rose for the pur-
pose of insisting that we shall not go into
executive session.
Mr. ANTHONY. Well, sir, I withdraw the
motion if Senators desire it. I hope we shall
have a vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion for an executive session is withdrawn.
The question is on reconsidering the vote on
the amendment by which Thursday was fixed
for the day of adjournment.
Mr. HENDERSON. Now, I hope the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island will withdraw that
motion, for I state to him also that it is im-
possible for us to get through before Thursday.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then we can postpone
the adjournment again to-morrow.
Mr. HENDERSON. We shall liaveto post-
pone it again, aud have this same discussion
over again.
Mr. ANTHONY. We shall have this same
discussion upon something else. We cannot
move to have an executive session, but a talk
about every State in the Union is paraded out
before us.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope the Senator
will withdraw his motion to reconsider, and I
state the fact, that it is utterly impossible—I
know it as a member of the Committee on
Finance—for us to adjourn to-morrow.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will do anything in the
world if Senators will only stop talking; but
if this debate is to go on I would rather it
should go on upon my motion to reconsider,
which 1 desire to prevail.
Several Senators. Withdraw it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will withdraw it, but
if there is any debate I will renew it.
Mr. HENDERSON. If the Senator insists
on my stopping this discussion I will simply
state to him that I have not debated this sub-
ject of adjournment at all, though it has been
frequently up here. I have kept my tongue
on the subject. But the Senator from Rhode
Island, with whom I have voted at all times,
takes occasion every morning to bring up this
discussion, makes some sort of a motion that
keeps the Senate in a ferment for three or four
hours 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is withdrawn.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is right; the
Senator from Rhode Island has done one good
thing. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The
question is on agreeing to the resolution
as amended.
Mr. HOWE. How is it amended?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read as it stands.
The Secretary read as follows:
Resolved. That the time fixed by the resolution of
the 12th instant for closing the present session of the
Senate, by an adjournment sine die, be extended to
the hour of four o'clock p. m. on Thursday, the 18th
oi April.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
executive session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
The motion was agreed to; and after four
hours spent in executive session, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
40th Cono. 1st Bkp?.—No. 54.
Wednesday, April 17, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, communicating, in answerto
the resolution of the Senate of the 13th instant,
a report from the Secretary of State as to when
Alexander Cummitigs -was appointed Governor
of Colorado Territory, and how much of the
time he had been absent from the Territory;
which, on motion of Mr. Thayer, was referred
to the Committee on Territories, and ordered
to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a message
from the President of the United States, trans-
mitting, in answer to the resolution of the Sen-
ate of the 11th instant, reports from the heads
of the several Executive Departments in regard
to any official opinions which may have been
given by the Attorney General, the Solicitor
of the Treasury, or any other officer of the
Government, on the interpretation of the act
of Congress regulating the tenure of office, and
especially with regard to appointments by the
President during thereeess of Congress; which,
on motion of Mr. Sumner, was ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed. ,
extension 0® the session.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the following res-
olution, and ask that it lie on the table:
Resolved, Tb at the time fixed for closing the present
session of the Senate be further extended to four
o'clock on Friday, the 19th instant, and that the Pres-
ident pro tempore do at that hour adjourn the Senate
without day.
Mr. SUMNER. I would move that that be
amended to Saturday.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is not proposed to act
on the resolution now. We can take it up
to-morrow.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; but I think we
had better make it Saturday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The res-
olution will lie upon the table.
rules and orders in bankruptcy.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the following res-
olution :
Resolved, That there be pointed for the use of the
Senate two thousand copies of tho rules and general
orders in bankruptoy, together with the forms of
proceeding therein prescribed by the justices of the
Supreme Court under the tenth section of the act
to establish a uniform system of bankruptoy through-
out the United States, approved March 2,1867. and
ono thousand copies for the use of the Supreme
Court.
This resolution comes from the Committee
on Printing, and I ask for its present consid-
eration.
, Tie resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to. *
revision of the rules.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I laid on the table the
other day a resolution providing fpr a com-
mittee to revise the rules of the Senate. It
may be as well perhaps to have that taken up
and acted on now.
There being no objection,,the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution :
Resolved, That a committee of three Senators bo
appointed to revise the rules of the Senate, and to
report thereon early in the next session.
Mr. SUMNER. I am very glad that such
a resolution is about to be adopted by the
Senate, for I presume it will be adopted ; but
I wish to make a suggestion of one amendment
which I hope will be made in the rules, and
that is, the ancient, time-honored habit, which
is still kept up here, and also in my own State,
but I believe in no other legislative body on
this continent, of enrolling our bills at the last
stage on parchment. This habit causes unne-
cessary delay and considerable additional ex-
pense. Now, that we have an official printed
copy of the statutes immediately after every
session, I think that is entirely unnecessary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That should be a joint
rule. It would require joint action.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the Senator is right;
it would require joint action I admit, but I
think this committee possibly might initiate
some proceeding to that end. However, I
content myself now with throwing out the idea,
and if this committee should not undertake it,
I give notice that at the next session I shrill
take such steps as I can to bring about that
change. I think that we have suffered under
the burden of that habit long enough. It
exists in Massachusetts, and on inquiry I find
that it does not exist in any other State of the
Union. Proceedings in all the other States,
as they are in the Legislative Chambers of
France and of all the continent of Europe,
are on paper. In Massachusetts and in Con-
gress they are on parchment at the last stage.
Mr. ANTHONY. I quite agree with the
Senator from Massachusetts. I think I ob-
tained the information from a very instructive
'speech that the Senator himself made on this
subject, that in Great Britain it is customary
to have the official rolls printed, which is cer-
tainly much better than to have them written ;
they are much less liable to mistake ; and that
a certain number of copies, about twelve I
believe, are signed and are put upon parch-
ment; and I think those are distributed in
different places and filed. ■ Each one is an
official copy.
The resolution was adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. How shall
this committee be appointed?
Mr.'FESSENDEN. By the Chair; and I
hope the Chair will not appoint me upon the
committee.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Anthony, Mr. Pomeroy, and Mr. Ed-
munds the committee.
personal explanation.
Mr. CHANDLER. I notice in the report
of the Associated Press of the proceedings of
yesterday that I am made to say precisely what-
1 did not say, and that the Senator from Maine
[Mr. Fessenden] is made to answer what I did
not say. The Associated Press report reads
in this way:
" Mr. Chandler remarked that certain Senators
said, a few days ago, they were willing to give notice
to tho President that if he sent in Copperheads and
traitors they would vote to confirm them."
Now, in order that there may be no misap-
prehension about this, I will ask Mr. Murphy
to read from the original notes precisely what
I did say to the Senate.
Mr. J. .T. Murphy read from the original
notes of Mr. D. F. Murphy, as follows:
"Mr. chakdleit. I think we are a little at fault
in this matter, Mr. President. Certain Senators on
this side of the House proclaimed a few days ago
that they were determined that these offices should
be filled. Of course that was giving Mr. Johnson
noticetliat he might continue to send mCopperheads
and traitors, and that they would vote for them. To
correct th.^c misapprehension on his part, I am will-
ing to give him one day's notice that Copperheads
and traitors will not be confirmed, and that if he
sends i  loyal men they will be."
Mr. CHANDLER. That is all. It will be
seen that that is entirely different from what
appears in the Associated Press report. I
simply wish to have it corrected.
agricultural bureau.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I offer the fol-
lowing resolution, and ask for its present con-
sideration :
Whereas the agricultural interests of the country
are of paramount importance, and the bureau for
the promotion of that interest is much less efficient
than is required: Thorefore,
llcoolved, That the Cominittoo on Agrieulturo bo
requested to report to the Senate, in December next,
what means should be adopted to render the said
bureau more efficient and useful, and whether tho
salary affixed to the office of Commissioner of Agri-
culture should not be increased so as to secure for
that position the services of one thoroughly learned
and accomplished in all that relates to that Depart-
ment; and whether there should not be created tho
office of assistant commissioner of agriculture, to be
filled by one distinguished for his ability as a prac-
tical agriculturist, am? to whom might be committed
the superintendence of experimental grounds at
Washington.
