850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
There being no objection, the Senate pro
eeeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. TIPTON. I am not certain what our
province is with regard to any question of legis-
lation that may come before this executive
■session. I take it for granted that whatever
we might do independent of the House, if the
House were here in session, we may do in this
executive session; but I am not quite clear
that we have any power, or ought todtake any
cognizance of any question which has neces-
sarily to be thrown forward and acted upon, if
ever acted upon efficiently, in conjunction with
^lie -House of Representatives when in session;
and having a doubt as to the legitimacy of this
matter to be acted upon at present, I simply
raise that question.
Mr. FRELING-HUYSEN. This is a mere
resolution referring to the Committee on Agri-
culture the consideration of this subject, to
report at the next session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to hear
the resolution read. It assumes a state of
things that may not be exactly correct.
The Secretary read the resloution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The resolution seems
to be based upon the idea that without an in-
crease of salary it is impossible to get any one
to hold the office- of Commissioner of Agri-
culture. 1 know of no such difficulty in the
country. I have never known of the office
being tendered to any one who would not
accept it on account of the salary. So far as
I know-, there has been no difficulty or com-
plaint in that respect. I was not aware that
there was any difficulty in that respect. The
difficulty seems to be in another direction,
that when men are selected for the office the
Senate is not disposed to confirm them. I
agree to the importance of the Agricultural
Department of the Government, and that it
ought to be in good hands ; but I see no
necessity for increasing the salary, and par-
ticularly when I have not understood that
. there was any difficulty in procuring persons
to fill the office on account of the salary. I
have no objection to the resolution, only I did
not wish that impression to go out, that there
was any trouble in finding persons to take the
offiee in consequence of the salary.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the latter part of
the resolution will not be adopted. I am per-
fectly willing that the Committee on Agricul-
ture shall be charged with the duty of collecting
information on the subject; but I think this is
no time to talk about increase of salary. My
own judgment is, and I think that is the opinion
of the whole committee, that when we find a
man equal to a high salary we will pay it to
him. We want to get a good inan first before
we increase the pay. For such men as we
have had, and who have been offering, the
salary is abundant, in my judgment. I want to
collect all the information I cau as chairman
of that committee, and I think the whole com-
mittee feel with me on that subject. There-
fore I move that all except the first paragraph
of the resolution be stricken out.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The resolution
does not assume that a higher salary is neces-
sary. Tt refers the subject to the Committee
on Agriculture to say whether it is not neces-
sary. My own opinion is that the present
salary is altogether inadequate to enable us to
procure such a Commissioner as this country
ought to have, a man learned in that Depart-
ment, one qualified to have correspondence
with the various countries of the world, and
to bring- to this country the learning of those
countries. I do not think that for $8,000 any
such person can be procured. But the reso-
lution merely refers the subject to the com-
mittee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. "What is the present
salary ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Three thousand
dollars.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Pennsylvania. The resolution
will be read as proposed to be amended by him.
The Secretary read as follows:
Whereas the agricultural interests of the country
are of paramount importance, and the bureau for
the promotion of tbat interest is much less efficient
than is required: Therefore.
Resolved, That the Committee on Agriculture be
requested to report to the Senate, in December next,
what means should be adopted to render the said
bureau more efficient and useful, and whether there
should not be created the office of assistant commis-
sioner of agriculture, to be filled by one distin-
guished for his ability as a practical agriculturist,
and to whom might be committed the superintend-
ence of experimental grounds at Washington.
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. ANTHONY. I suggest to my friend
from New Jersey that a clause in that resolu-
tion seems, what I know he did not intend to
be, a slur upon the present incumbent of the
office, and I would suggest that that be left
out. The words are: '' and the bureau for the
promotion of that interest is much less effi-
cient than is required." It is not necessary
to put those words in.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I accept that
amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be so modified.
Mr. YATES. This resolution comes from
that side of the Senate^ I believe, who advo-
cated or voted for retaining the present incum-
bent in office. These gentlemen, if I under-
stand them, want an educated man ; they want
a man who is qualified to discharge the duties
of this office ; and they are like my friend, the
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron,]
who voted persistently yesterday for a man
who does not understand orthography, syntax,
or prosody.
Mr. HARLAN. I call the Senator to order.
I do not think the Senator has a right to dis-
close in open session what takes place in exec-
utive session.
Mr. YATES. I ask the Senator's pardon;
but these debates, I believe, have been in open
session.
Several Senators. Oh, no.
Mr. YATES. Then I ask the pardon of the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I suppose
it would not be proper to discuss the qualifi-
cations of the incumbent in open Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose there is not
very much importance attached to this resolu-
tio^h I suppose it £oes not mean anything;
but if there is any importance attached to it,
and if it is to be referred to a committee, it
would be well enough to consider whether it is
a fact that this interest is of paramount import-
ance to every other interest. There are those
engaged in manufactures, those engaged in
commerce, and the other interests of the coun-
try. Agriculture is one of the great interests
of the country. Whether it overtops and over-
leaps every other is rather doubtful.
But the Senator from Illinois refers often,
and again' this morning, to this side of the
Chamber, as if there was something on this side
side of the Chamber that was not right. I
never understand these allusions. They are
often maile by gentlemen who occupy the other
side of the Chamber, as if this side of the Cham-
ber was not voting right. I think this side of
the Chamber votes quite frequently with the
other side. This drawing a distinction between
one side of the Chamber and the other I never
could understand. We usually vote together on
questions affecting the interests of the country.
Mr. DAVIS. If my friend will permit me,
I think it is the general understanding that he
is constructively on the other side of the
Chamber. [Laughter.]
Mr. POMEROY. Ifitisonly by construction
I can stand it; but I judged that I was actually
on this side of the Chamber, because I have
always had a seat here. But we are constantly
hearing about this side of the Chamber, and I
really hope that we shall not hear much more
of it, for"! think this side of the Chamber votes
with the other side very frequently. I believe
this resolution is of no importance. It ought
to lie upon the table or be indefinitely post-
poned. I do not think there is anything in it.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
_ The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
Thursday, April 18, 1807.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. ANTHONY, (after a pause.) As there
seems to be no legislative business, I move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
_ The motion was agreed to ; and after- some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened.
EXTENSION or THE SESSION.
Mr. ANTHONY. I now move to take up
the_ resolution that I offered yesterday, pro-
viding for an extension of the session.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the time fixed for closing the pres-
ent session of the Senate be farther extended to
four o'clock on Friday, the 19th instant, and that the
President pro tempore do at that hour adjourn the
Senate without day.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to amend the res-
olution by inserting Saturday.
Mr. CHANDLER and others. Oh, no.,
Mr. SUMNER. Senators say, "Oh, no;"
I say, Oh, yes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have the impression
that the adjournment might as well be put off
to Saturday, because if we get through with
the business to-morrow, as we ought or may,
we can adjourn then without any difficulty,
and it will save the necessity of putting a new
motion on the table to-day, which must be
done one day beforehand in order to extend
the time to Saturday. Therefore, I think it
may just as well be done at once to save trou-
ble. It will not lead to any further extension
of the session, unless it becomes necessary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to say but one
word, and that is, to express the hope tbat the
Senate will not extend the time at all. I think
we have played this thing long enough, ex-
tending the session from one day to another
and two days at a time. For one I shall vote
against any extension of the time, either until
to-morrow or the next day. We may just as
well close this session at four o'clock to-day
as close it a week hence, in my judgment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are several very
important nominations on the table now that
have not been disposed of, and which will
probably lead to debate, besides other ques-
tions, and it must be seen that we cannot get
through by four o'clock to-day. We cannot
even dispose of the business on the table by
four o'clock.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts, to strike out
"Friday, the 19thinstant," and insert " Satur-
day, the 20th instant."
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 20, nays 15; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Cragin, Davis.
Dixon, Dooiittle, Fessenden, Fowler, IVclinghuysen,
Henderson, Howe, Johnson, Morgan, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morton, Nye, Patterson of Tennessee,
Pomeroy, and Sumner—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Drake,
.b erry, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson of New Hamp-
shire. Ramsey. Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull,
Van Winkle, Wade, and Yates—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalow, Cameron,
Conn ess, Corbetfc, Edmunds, Grirne.% Guthrie, Hend-
ricks, Howard, Norton, Ross, Sanlsbury, Sherman,
Sprague, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—18.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted-
ayes nineteen, noes not counted.
