THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES.
VII
Elections—see Rebel States.
of delegates to conventions to establish con-
stitutions in certain rebel States, provisions
concerning . 39-^40, 44
as to the ratification of the constitutions
formed by the conventions 39, 40
all to be by ballot... ; 40
in Washington and Georgetown, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, payment of expenses
incurred by the judges of. 48
Elections—Continued.
certificate of judges as to correctness of an
account to make it a legal debt against
the city 48
commissioners of, to be appointed in, each
voting precinct 48
term of office, pay, powers, and duties
of. 48
falsely swearing in certain matters before, to
be perjury   48
Evans, Morris Rice, may be examined for ad-
mission to the Naval Academy 49
Examiners, in Patent Office, additional prin-
cipal and assistant may be appointed...42
Exemption, from internal tax, wrapping-paper
and wooden ladders 41
Executive proclamation, provision for publi-
cation of, in newspapers,'in the District
of Columbia, and in several States 41
Exhibition—see Universal Exhibition.
Universal, at Paris, provisions concerning
the United States commissioner at 45
F.
Florida, the government existing in, March 23,
1867, declared to be not legal 43
if continued, how to be continued 43
convention in, for framing constitution, of
whom to consist, and how appointed, 39-40
Forfeitures, of'pay, bounties, pensions, and
allowances by soldiers and sailors from
certain acts not remitted 43
Fox and Wisconsin rivers, time for comple-
tion of improvement of, extended 45
Freedmen, appropriations for the relief of, in
the District of Columbia 45
how to be expended 45
Freedmen's Bureau—see Commissioner of
Freedmen's Bureau.
duty of the commissioner and officers and
agents of, in the collection and payment
of moneys, &c., due to certain colored sol-
diers, sailors, and marines 47-48
in distributing relief to the destitute of the
Southern and Southwestern States 48
Friction Matches, may be carried on board
passenger steamers, and how 4G
G.
Gate-Keepers, at the Capitol, to be appointed
by the Sergeant-at-Arms of Senate and
■ House of Kepresentatives 42
their compensation, and how payable 43
General of the Army, power of disapproval of
acts of commanders of military districts, 43
invested with power to suspend, remove,
appoint, &c., any civil or military officer
in rebel States 43-44
Generals Commanding—see Rebel States.
in the military districts, duties in regard to
registration 39-40, 43-44
Georgetown, D. C., provisions concerning
elections in   48
Georgia, the government existing in, March
23, 1867, declared to be not legal 43
if continued, how to be continued 43
convention in, for framing constitution, of
whom to consist, and hosv appointed, 39-40
Gold medal, to be given George Pcabody in
the name of the people of the United
States   45
Grading, public grounds, appropriationsfor, 43
by whom to be expended 43
H.
Harmon, Malinda, name to be placed on pen-
sion-roll .-SI
Harmon, Matilda, act granting pension to, re-
pealed 51
Hawaiian vessels, discriminating duties ex-
acted upon merchandise imported in, to
to be refunded 45
Honorary commissioners, of the Upited States
at the Universal Exhibition at Paris, pro-
visions'concerning 45
House of Representatives, appropriation for
stationery, for newspapers, and miscella-
neous  41
power of Sergeant-at-Arms of, as to appoint-
ments of watchmen, gate-keeper, &C...42
as. to making rules and regulations to
secure the Capitol from defacement,
&c 43
contingent fund of, payment into, ot moneys
appropriated for pay and uniform of watch-
man, &c 43
I.
Indiana, commission to he appointed to ascer-
tain the amotint of money spent by, in
raising, &c., State forces during the rebel-
lion  42
commissioners to dt> what, and their pay, 42
certain disbursements to be allowed 42
others not to be 42
• in stating the account, certain items of ex-
penditure to be given separately 42
rates of compensation to be allowed 42
commissioners to make written report to
Secretary of Treasury 42
accounts to be audited, and sums found due
to be paid 42
Indian country, appropriation for expenses of
commissioners sent by President to 39
Indian delegations, appropriations to pay ex-
penses of certain, visiting Washington, to
negotiate treaties, &c 41-42
Indian hostilities, claimants for property lost in
the suppression of, in Oregon and Wash-
ington, to be paid judgments in their
favor 47
Indians, districts to be selected for permanent
home for certain, by commissioners 44
members of tribes only to enter thereon, 44
not to interfere with travel on highways
nor with certain railroad routes 44
Indian tribes, act to establish peace with cer-
tain hostile 44
the President to appoint a commission. ...44
commission to consist of whom 44
powers and duties of. 44
transportation and subsistence of. 44
permanent home for certain, to be select-
ed 44
services of mounted volunteers may be ac-
cepted to suppress hostilities with 44
pay, subsistence, <fce., of. 44
appropriation for expenses under this act, 44
Insurrectionary districts, employment of per-
sons for the collection of direct taxes in,
to be discontinued when, &c   
Internal tax, wrapping-paper to be exempt
from 41
ladders made wholly of wood to be exempt
from 41
national banking associations, banks, bank-
ers, &c., to pay ten per cent, upon
amount of notes of cities, towns, &c.,
paid out by them after May 1, 1867...41
tax how to be collected 41
Invalid soldiers, one complete suit of clothing
to be furnished to, when inmates of a reg-
ularly constituted "Soldiers' Home "...39
how to be delivered 39
Iowa, district judge of, to act in Nebraska
until a judge is appointed 41
J.
Japan, mail steamship service between the
United States and, to be improved and
extended, if, &c   49
Judges of election in Washington and George-
town, District of Columbia, expenses in-
curred by, how to be paid 48
certificates of, as to correctness of an ac-
count, effect of. 48
may administer oaths 48
willfully false statements before, to be per-
jury .....48
Judges of supreme court, in the District of
Columbia, to appoint commissioners of
election for each voting precinct in Wash-
ington and Georgetown 48
K.
Kansas Indians, appropriation to pay expenses
of delegations of  41
L.
Ladders, made wholly of wood, exempted
from internal tax 41
Lakes Erie and Ontario, surveys, plans, and
estimates to be made for ship-canal to
connect 48
Lastings, &c., tariff provisions concerning, 47
Laws, provisions respecting the publication of,
in newspapers in the District of Columbia
and the several States 41
Lincoln Monument Association, act to incor-
porate the, and its object 42
first trustees and vacancies 42
property of corporation, and what exempt
from taxes 42
rules and regulations, and collection of
money   42
officers and board of managers of. 42
bond of treasurer 42
Long bridge, appropriation for repairs of. ...41
Long Island, Secretary of War may take pos-
session of part of, in Boston harbor, for
military purposes 41
Attorney General to approve the title 41
Lost property, claimants for certain, to be paid
judgments in their favor, upon, &c 47
Louisiana, the government existing in, March
23, 1867, declared to be not legal 43
if continued, how to be continued 43
convention in, for framing constitution, of
whom to consist, and how appointed, 39-40
laws and treaties of the United States, to be
published in three newspapers in 41
Louisville and Portland canal, expense of
completing to be estimated 47
M.
Mails, transportation of the, Postmaster Gen-
eral may cancel contract for, and make a
new one 46
Mail steamship service, between the United
States and China and Japan, to be ex-
tended and improved 49
to be done without additional expense 49
Maine, certain post-roads established in 43
Marshal, for the district of Nebraska, appoint-
ment, duty, and pay of. 40
Medical stores, surplus, may be sold at first
prices, to National Asylum, &c 46
Members of Congress, may be elected mana-
gers of the National Asylum for Disabled
Volunteers 39
payment of, compensation and mileage to..47
(See Congress.)
Military Districts—see Rebel States; Registra-
tion.
duties of commanding generals in, as regards
registration 39-40, 43-44
certain acts of Army officers in, confirmed, 44
Minister resident, of the United States, resi-
dent in Venezuela, if appointed commis-
sioner, to adjust claims, to receive certain
compensation  ^5
Mississippi, the government existing in, March
25, 1867, declared to be not legal 43
if continued, how to be continued   43
convention in, for framing constitution, of
whom to consist, and how appointed 40
Mississippi, the, two dredge-boats to be built
and operated to keep open the passes at
the mouth of 47
Mounted volunteers, services of certain, may
be accepted to suppress hostilities with
Indians 44
pay, subsistence, &c., of, if accepted 44
N.
National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Sol-
diers, members of Congress may be elected
managers of the ...39
barracks, buildings, &c., at Camp Chase to
be turned over to the managers of. 4G
surplus clothing, quartermasters' and medi-
cal stores to be sold to, at first prices...40
National banking associations, to pay a tax
of ten percent, upon notes of cities, &c.,
paid out by them after May 1, 1867 41
tax, how to be collected 41
