APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE'.
[July 9,
Ho. op Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Getz.
39th Cong....1st Sess.
men's Bureau, and, as a system, sufficiently
powerful to control southern political action;
and all this at public expense, for the mere
advantage of the party in power. It must be
true that some political wiseacre, holding fel-
lowship in the dominant party and influential
in its councils, lias discerned the handwriting
on the wall giving notice that the people of
the States not heretofore engaged in the rebel-
lion have weighed the party in the scales of
justice and found it wanting. It must be that
the hope of electing a Radical President next
year by northern votes is becoming "small by
degrees and beautifully less" to- certain am-
bitious spirits in the party, and hence the effort
to radicalize the South by governmental ma-
chinery, moved by Government bayonets and
directed by uncontrolled dictators. It is an
attempt to force the negroes of South Caro-
lina to supply, in the next Electoral College,
the lack existing by reason of the defection of
Connecticut, and to prepare the reconstructed
rebels who adopt tllfe tenets of radicalism in
Virginia, North Carolina, and other southern
States to make up the deficiency caused by the
anticipated political revolution now pending
in New York, Pennsylvania, Indiana, and other
northern States. This is, I imagine, the true
answer to the question, and to sustain my the-
ory I refer to a fact known to all. When any
southron, formerly a rebel, yields to the "pow-
ers that be " and advises the people South to
be obedient to law, and to struggle with the
same devotion to upbuild the Union as they
once did to destroy it, such southron is simply
a rebel still, and has no rights which a loyalist
is bound to respect; but when some other
former rebel advises his friends, in chosen
language, to "accept the situation" and coop-
erate with congressional missionaries in estab-
lishing Radical political organizations in the
South, presto change! how great the difference I
his "red hand" is cleansed and his "black
heart'' purified by the faith that is in—Wen-
dell Phillips and the irrepressible negro. The
one surrenders_ his flag and'lays his sword
down and is kicked for his surrender; the
other surrenders his self-respect and lays down
his manhood and becomes the pet of the Rad-
ical party. Now, while I have no objection to
any .zealous electioneering or earnest prose-
lyting on the part of any organization, I pro-
test against this stupendous system of tyranny,
usurpation, and fraud at the expense of labor
and industry, for the mere sake of building up a
political organization for the benefit of the few.
And by the way, Mr. Speaker, if you will on
this bill enforce the rule which prohibits gen-
tlemen from voting on any subject in which
they have a personal interest we few Demo-
crats can defeat this measure; for when we
omit the votes of all the presidential aspirants
on the other side of the Hall it will leave us
with a majority of votes in the body.
I need not assume the easy task of showing
that this bill is in violation of the Constitution,
for no gentleman on this floorpresumes to sup-
port it on the ground of its constitutionality.
Indeed, I believe the theory underlying all this
scctional legislation is that those people by
rebellion suspended the Constitution, and that
as to them it has ever since remained in abey-
ance ; in other words, that they are not entitled
in any respect to the guarantees of the Consti-
tution. Why, sir, we on this side of the House
are charged with opposing this bill and all
kindred measures from the prompting alone
of sympathy with treason. But, Mr. Speaker,
gentlemen will ascertain to their cost and con-
fusion that such legislation as this affects others
than quondam rebels and loyal blacks. Gen-
tlemen will be forced to acknowledge in time
that disregard of the Constitution will be re-
membered and punished by the mass of Ameri-
can citizens as an innovation upon the rights
of each citizen in the Republic.
"In nature's chain, whatever link you strike—
lentil or ten thousandth—breaks the chain alike."
And in our grand but simple system of gov-
ernment, whoever aims a JdIow at the Consti-
tution in any of its provisions is leveling the
same blow at the liberty of every citizen whose
shield and protection that Constitution is.
Your proposed action, coupled with wliat
ycra have already accomplished, is a deliberate
and fea$ul blow at the laboring classes of the
country. You have already, by shameless class-
legislation, exempted the wealth of the coun-
try from taxation for its support, and devolved
increased and continually increasing burdens
of taxation on the laborer and producer, who
has no hoarded bonds free from taxes as have
his wealthy neighbors. This grievous burden
will rest mainly on the citizens of the northern
States; and their enterprise, industry, and
skill will pay tribute to your party through the
operation of your partial and unequal laws.
And, as if to make the burden still greater,
you now aim in the very wantonness of un-
checked power to crush out all industry in the
South and thus leave, not part, but all the
burden to be borne by the labor of the North;
and, sir, let me say that however willingly and
uncomplainingly our people might consent to
unusual taxation to support the Government in
time of war, tbey will not as a mass submit to
pay compulsory tribute to a political party in
time of peace, especially, sir, when from the
very nature of your measures there is no pros-
pect of relief at your hands or of remedy by
your consent. True, the act creating the
Freedinen's Bureau will expire by limitation ;
not so, however, the provisions of the "civil
rights bill;" not so the provisions of the
series of military bills, in which series we have
reached the third in a period of four short
months. These several acts provide for the
perpetuation of the machinery created by them
without limitation of time.
Nor do you give assurance of any definite
relief to an overtaxed people when you say
these laws will cease to burden the people
North whenever the people South shall have
been fully reconstructed. When, sir, will that
he? Not when they cease fighting; for the
war ceascd more than two years ago, yet your
military bills are of recent date. Not when
they surrender the dogma of secession ; for
they have long since denounced it as a heresy,
and even the boldest and most spirited among
them speak of it as a "lost cause." Not when
they shall send Representatives to your Con-
gress as invited by Mr. Lincoln and required
by General Grant, for such Representatives
have for two years been knocking in vain for
admission to this Hall. When, then, will you
cease this taxation of our people under plea
of reconstructing the South? Not, sir, until,
as the result of party legislation, you shall
have disfranchised a sufficient number of whites
and placed the ballot in a sufficient number
of black hands South to insure there a politi-
cal indorsement of the very radicalism which
is now overriding the Constitution and setting
all law at defiance.
Persuaded that this is the programme, and
that you of the dominant party have predeter-
mined to carry it out in strict severity, I say to
you, go on in your wild fanaticism; proselyte
with the bayonet; persuade through the potent
voice of "commanders;" give efficiency to
party decrees in general orders ; tear down
with impious hands the fabric of your fathers,
and rear in its stead the dwarfed and ungainly
structure which will result from your labors of
reconstruction; and when you imagine your
labor completed and your edifice finished, you
will find it isbutamodern "Tower of Babel,"
which will cause your discomfiture, overthrow,
and dispersion as a party. Ultimately your
bayonets will be without power, your persua-
sions without efficiency, your decrees without
potency, your labors without successful result.
"Peace hath her victories no less renowned
than war," and while you are proselyting in the
South through a cotnp*lsory political mission-
ary system, the people of the North, remem-
bering the lessons of the past, will rally in
their might and sweep you from place and
power._ In contemplatingyourburdensome and
tyrannical conduct and seeking a remedy for
the wrongs by which they are oppressed they
will in deep earnestness, and that right speed-
ily, adopt the sentiment as against your bayo-
net taxation:
"There is a weapon surer yet.
And firmer than the bayonet—
A weapon that comes down as still
As snow-flake does upon the sod,
And executes the freeman's will.
As lightning'does tho will of God."
That weapon, Mr. Speaker, is the ballot, and
by its silent yet peaceful operation the people
of the North will disenthrall and redeem the
country, while you with the bayonet are labor-
ing to enslave and impoverish the country. In
the plenitude of your present power you are
exhibiting all the indications of political mad-
ness, and there is consolation in the assurance
that "whom the gods intend to destroy they
first make mad."
Reconstruction.
REMARKS 01? HON. J. L. GETZ,
01! pennsylvania,
In the House of Representatives,
July 9, 1867,
On the bill supplementary to an act entitled "An act
to provide for the more efficient government of tho
rebel States," passed on the 2d day of March, 1867,
and the act supplementary thereto, passed on the
23d day of March, 1867.
Mr. GETZ. Mr. Speaker, the "true intent
and meaning" of this act and the acts to which
it is a supplement are, if I understand thein
aright, to abolish every vestige of civil govern-
ment at the South; to sweep away even their
fundamental laws or constitutions, without
which no State claiming to be republican can
exist. Their "true intent and meaning" are to
place a people, who, whatever may have been
their past offenses, are at this hour as obedient
to law as the people of anyportion of this land,
under an absolute military dominion. Their
"true intent and meaning" are to deprive the
President of his constitutional authority over
ten States which, whether in or out of the
Union, are at least territorially within its
bounds, and therefore equally entitled to the
protection and subject to the rule of the execu-
tive head of the Federal Government. Their
" true intent and meaning" is to rob the Pres-
ident of his constitutional power as the Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy, and
make his subordinate officers, creatures who
hold their appointments under him, his supe-
riors in all things pertaining to their present
positions, with the arbitrary right to defy his
authority and disobey his orders at their own
irresponsible will and pleasure. If, sir, these
be the objects of the acts to which I refer, then
indeed is Congress establishing a dangerous
precedent, which, sooner Or later, may return
to plague the inventors. If these be their
objects, then was the unanimous declaration
of Congress at the memorable session of July.
1861, that—
"This war is not waged on our part in any spirit
of oppression, nor for any purpose of conquest or sub-
jugation, nor purpose of ovcrtnrowing or interfering
with the rights or established institutions of those
Rtates, but to defend and maintain the supremacy of
tho Constitution, and to preserve the Union, with all
the dignity, equality, and rights of the several States
unimpaired."
Then, sir, I say this solemn declaration has
become a monstrous lie; then, sir, are the
repeated proclamations of the then President
and the numerous pledges given to the country
by the Republican press and Republican leaders
during the war, speaking here and elsewhere,
utterly falsified.
History gives us numerous examples of the
