APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 11,
Senate.
Beconstruction—Ifr. Buclcaleio.
40th Cong.... 1st Sess.
estly apprehend, and of the great danger that
will ensue to the Union, I yield the floor to the
gentleman from Ohio.
. Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HON. G. R. BUCKALEW,
of pennsylvania,
In the Senate op the United States,
July 11, 1867,
On tho passage of House, bill'No. 123, supplement-
ary to the acts of 2d and 23d of March, 1867, for
the looro efficient, government and reconstruction
of the rebel States^, tho same having been amended
by substituting therefor Senate bill No. 131 upon
the same subject.
Mr. BUCKALEW said:
Mr. President: I had prepared some mem-
oranda at my desk for a speech upon this
measure, comprising the different material
points involved in its discussion; but as we
are driven into our final action upon the bill
without an adjournment, I forego my intention
of going over the whole argument. I must,
however, beforo this subject passes from us,
express my opinion upon a few points which
have not been touched in the debate, and with-
out some mention of which I think our pub-
lished debates will be imperfect, will not con-
vey a fair report of the views of all those who
have been connected by position with this legis-
lation.
I have now, and have always had since they
were passed, a very clear opinion concerning
the general character of our former laws on
reconstruction. I assisted in their discussion
when they were passed, and have bestowed a
reasonable amount of attention to the observa-
tions which have been made upon them by the
press of the country and by speakers in the
country. I think that the differences alleged
to exist between the Attorney General and
the President of the United States upon the
one hand and leading prominent men in Con-
gress upon the other, have been greatly exag-
gerated, and that a very false view concerning
both the magnitude and the nature of those
differences exists abroad among the people.
Upon carefully examining the points which
have been brought into debate in this Cham-
ber as well as outside of the Chamber, they
will, in my opinion, be found to be either unim-
portant, insincere, or misconceived; and that
in truth, upon the main point which is raised by
the bill before us we have, as is very often the
case, a dispute about words rather than about
substance.
This bill proceeds formally and gravely in
its first section to declare that the military
power in the southern section is superior to the
civil power set up there by the inhabitants.
That is announced as a great and important
fact. A declaration of that kind is a very sin-
gular thing in an act of Congress. Ordinarily,
a law, after it has been enacted, is left to stand
and to speak for itself, or, if it receive expo-
sition, receives it from the courts who are ap-
pointed for the purpose of making obscurity
plain in public enactments; and the legislative
power to enact supplementary measures ordi-
narily. confines^ itself to adding something to
the former legislation or to taking something
from it. It is very unusual indeed for us to
take upon ourselves the duty of exposition and
of explanation to the people of the country
concerning laws which we have passed.
I will now state briefly the general character
of the reconstruction laws, as I understand
them. By the act of 2d of March, found at
page 60 of the pamphlet edition of our laws
for the last session, certain powers were con-
ferred upon five military commanders in the
South, and what those powers were was de-
fined ; they were set forth, they were enumer-
ated. Now, complaint is made against the
Attorney General that he speaks of the author-
ity conferred upon those military commanders
as a police power, in general terms a power of
preserving peace, and of preserving order, and
of protecting the inhabitants in theif rights of
person and property. It after all, perhaps,
turns out to be a question whether the expres-
sion used by the Attorney General is accurate
or not; whether the term "police powers''
accurately describes those powers which were
conferred upon these military commanders by
the act of the 2d of March. If the Senator
from Illinois, who introduces and champions
this bill, thinks the Attorney General at fault
upon this question of definition, and if by good
and soun dlogic—which he has at least attempted
to present—-le can make good his accusation
against the Attorney General, he convicts him
of an inaccuracy which is nothing to the pur-
pose. It is nothing, sir, to us or to the people
of the country. The question recurs back
behind this question of definition as to what
were the particular powers conferred. No mat-
ter how you name them, the inquiry is, what
were they really? They are set forth on the
face of that statute in language perfectly plain
and clear. They are, to protect the rights of
person and property of the inhabitants within
their respective jurisdictions, and to punish
crimes, and they may execute this jurisdiction
through the civil courts, if they think proper,
or they may organize courts-martial and mili-
tary commissions for the purpose. That is
what the law says. Before that, it proclaims
that the southern country shall be divided into
five military districts, and a commander placcd
over each. The Senator from Michigan argues
that because the South is divided into military
districts, therefore this military power is su-
preme and complete, and it absorbs all power
in that region. Why, sir, the northern States
were divided into military districts also. Com-
manders were placed over districts in the north-
ern and central States.
Mr. HOWARD. One word, with the Sen-
ator's permission. The honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania misunderstood me. It was
not because of the division of which he speaks
that I held that the military authority was
supreme; but I alleged as one reason for that
supremacy the very language of the bill which
gives to the military officer the command of
the district, a military term which certainly
implies everything that is in the nature of
military authority.
Mr. BUCKALEW. And just so General
Meade and each of the other generals assigned
to a district in the North was assigned to the
command of the district; but his duties were
very restricted and limited indeed; so that no
conclusion arises from the use of that term,
"command." But to return. Districts were
established and commanders assigned to them,
and then in the subsequent part of the section
the powers of those commanders were enumer-
ated ; and it is with that donation of power
that we are alone concerned. I have stated
what it was. In addition to what I have stated,
there was authority conferred upon those com-
manders to declare martial law. They were to
preserve the peace, to suppress insurrection
and disorder, and if an emergency arose they
were authorized by the act to declare martial
law. As a matter of course, if they did so the
operation of the ordinary civil laws there would
be interrupted and suspended; all the jurisdic-
tion of the civil authorities, to the necessary
extent, would be suspended or in abeyance
while martial law continued to exist; but no
longer.
One clause in the section authorized them to
permit criminals to be tried in the civil tribu-
nals. Of course those civil tribunals were
the State_ courts established or existing under
the provisional governments which had been
set up.
Now, what is the conclusion of the whole
matter upon that material and vital section of
the act of the 2d of March? That these com-
manders had certain powers conferred upon
them and certain duties enjoined, which they
were sent there to use, execute, and perform,
and that no power was conferred on them over
the civil governments there unless those civil
governments undertook to interfere with their
jurisdiction—that interference was forbidden—
or unless the necessities of the service required
the declaration of martial law, when the action
of those civil jurisdictions would be interrupted.
So long as those civil governments did not
interfere with this military jurisdiction which
we conferred,- and so long as martial law was
not proclaimed, those civil governments stood
firm and effectual to all the intents and pur-
poses contemplated by the act of Congress in
declaring in its concluding section that they
were provisional governments, and to continue
so long as the proceeding of reconstruction was
going on. , .
What was another feature of that law ? It
provided for the reorganisation of effectual
constitutional governments, to be represented
in the Congress of the United States. How?
Either by the initiation of these provisional
governments in the ordinary way, by their
calling upon the people to elect delegates and
form constitutions, or by the voluntary action
of the people themselves, one or the other.
That was the provision ofthat law. It was left
to the people themselves. In other words, the
whole proceeding of reorganization, the enu-
meration of voters, the fixing of the time for
voting, the holding of a convention, the sub-
mission of the constitution to a vote of the
people, &c., in short, the whole proceeding from
beginning to end, was left to the people of those
States themselves, free from any interference
or control of the military commanders.
What else did that act of the 2d of March
do ? In its concluding section, as I have already
stated, it declared the existence and validity
for certain purposes of those local governments.
It declared and pronounced them to be pro-
visional governments, and limited their dura-
tion and jurisdiction to the time when new
constitutions should be formed and the States
admitted into the Union. Thus Congress left
this subject at the time of adjournment upon
the 4th of March.
On the 23d of March, however, three weeks
afterward—at the special session—further re-
flection having been bestowed upon this sub-
ject, and partisan necessities appealing to gen-
tlemen in both Houses of Congress, another
act was passed supplementary to the former;
and what did that act do ? I can describe it in
few words. It transferred the control and
direction of the reorganization of those States
from the provisional governments which existed
in them to the military commanders who had
been placed over the districts. It was a law
to transfer the control of reconstruction from
the people of those States and from the civil
authorities of those States to the military com-
manders; they were armed with power over
this great subject, and for the first time. It
was apprehended that reorganization under
their management could be made much more
effectual for the purposes of those who then
had power to control the legislation of the
United State3 than it would be under State
management.
But the power conferred upon the com-
manders by the act of March 23 was a powc f
over reorganization only. They were author-
ized to select the persons to make registries of
voters ; they were authorized to call the con-
ventions, and were to transmit the new consti-
tutions after they were formed to the Congress
of the United States for its consideration. But
m other respects their powers remained as
before. Described in general terms, the sup-
plementary act was to turn over the management
of reconstruction from those Siate governments
and the people to the military commanders.
