10
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 12,
Ho. of Beps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Robinson.
40th Cong.... 1st Sess.
of order. I submit that this discussion is alto-
gether wide of the question before the House ;
and I make the further point of order that
gentlemen must take their seats.
Mr. ROBINSON. What is the gentleman's
point of order?
Mr. EARNSWORTH. It is that the remarks
of the gentleman are very wide of the subject
before the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Cook in
the chair.) The Chair overrules the first point
of order raised by the gentleman; but sustains
the second; gentlemen must take their seats.
Mr. ROBINSON. If I remember correctly
there were men in that city of Philadelphia,
dressed in the apparel of men, who had the"
courage to spit in the faces and otherwise
insult women, and those women sisters of
charity. I know excuses were then made, as
they are now made, that the insulted and mal-
treated were the guilty parties.. The weak and
insulted parties were belied and vilified. The
spirit of revenge was evoked and scenes of
carnage and outrage followed, such as have
never disgraced any city of the South. But
blood once shed, the demon spirit of revenge,
born of hell and accursed of God, which has
no eyes nor ears nor senses to discriminate
between right and wrong, was evoked then, as
it is now evoked, and let loose to shriek for
more blood and clamor for more vengeance.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman allow
me a moment ?
Mr. ROBINSON. I will yield as much of
my time as I can afford.
Mr. KELLEY. 4 will endeavor to procure
you compensation for anytime I may consume.
As the gentleman has made these remarks in
connection with a somewhat personal colloquy,
1 desire to say that it was my privilege at the
time to which he has referred, with a police-
man's staff, to meet armed rioters, and to be
bespattered with the blood of policemen shot
at my side while performing the same humble
duty that I did in defense of those churches. I
bog leave to say further that the aspersion cast
upon me in the Mobile Times as a means of
fomenting a scene of murder was utterly false.
The lie designed to excite the Irish citizens of.
Mobile against me, that I had abandoned the
church of my fathers and burned the temples
in which they had worshipped in Philadelphia,
was as false as the heart that coined it—that
of William D. Mann, late of Michigan, but now
assessor of internal revenue at Mobile and
owner of the Times. I was born into the Pres-
byterian church, bulforgettingall savetherights
of man, as the people of Philadelphia, both
Catholic and Protestant, will bear witness, I
periled my life to defend the churches to which
the gentleman alludes, and, as prosecuting at-
torney, prosecuted those who could be arrested
and brought to trial for the crime. I was then
what the gentleman was not—a member of the
Democratic party.
Mr. ROBINSON. I was going to ask the
gentleman as to that. It seems that he has
been getting wrong while I have been getting
right. He was a Democrat then, and that with
some may account for the correct manner in
which he acted on that occasion; but I have
made no allusion to him as having had any-
thing to do with instigating that riot.
Mr. KELLEY. I then believed as I do now
in the rights of humanity for all men, whether
Irish or American, whether white or black.
Mr. ROBINSON. I have referred to that
simply to show that life and property have been
unsafe in northern cities as well as in southern
cities, and that it is as unfair to inflict these
oppressive laws upon the whole South for the
Mobile or New Orleans riots, as it would have
been to have appointed a military governor to
play the tyrant over the entire people of Penn-
sylvania because a few people in Philadelphia
had engaged in a riot, however fearful.
Take, again, the State of Massachusetts. A
seminary of learning under the charge of inno-
cent and defenseless nuns was burned down by
a Boston mob. On the lofty walls of that black-
ened monument of Massachusetts' bigotry stood
the significant inscription, u The Lord Seefeh."
Year by year these holy, defenseless, innocent
women have appealed and appealed in vain to
the State of Massachusetts to pay for their
losses. Still "the Lord Seeth" that Massa-
chusetts permitted the outrage, and refused all
just compensation.  
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I rise to a point of
order: that the remarks of the 'gentleman are -
not relevant to the subject pending.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot see tlie
relevancy of the argument to this bill, which
is for the reconstruction of various States of
the Union known as those lately in rebellion.
The gentleman must be aware that his remarks
are irrelevant.
Mr. BUTLER. Will the gentleman yield to
me a moment?
Mr, ROBINSON. For a question only. I
cannot yield for any remarks, as my time is
nearly up.
' Mr. BUTLER. I do not desire to ask any
question.
Mr. ROBINSON. I am sorry the gentle-
man has run .short in his catechism. [Laugh-
ter.] I was going to refer to another State, if
I am not out of order. I presume I shall be
in order if I can move an amendment. Is the
bill open to amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The motion to
recommit is pending.
Mr. ROBINSON. I want to say, and think
I can say it in order, that if every State that
has permitted a mob or a riot to take place, or
in which life and property are not safe, or in
which republican forms of government are
wanting, is to be put under military dictator-
ship, (and these are the reasons given why the
southern States are so put under,) then this
bill should be so amended as to include Penn-
sylvania, Massachusetts, and New Hampshire,
and these States should also be deprived of
their representatives in both Houses of Con-
gress, and more particularly New Hampshire,
the constitution of which to-day precludes Cath-
olics and other denominations from holding
office. If any State of the Union needs recon-
struction it is not Maryland, the mother of Lib-
erty in this country, but New Hampshire, the
only country in this world—as there is but one
in the next—from which men are excluded on
account of religion.
The SPEAKER. When the bill shall be
open to amendment, if the gentleman then
offers bis amendment his remarks would be
germane.
Mr. ROBINSON. I submit to the rulings
of the Speaker, which are almost always cor-
rect.
Mr. O'NEILL. I wish to raise a point of
order. The gentleman from New York having
traveled through Pennsylvania, Massachusetts,
and New Hampshire, ought to be permitted to
eome back to his own State of New York to
explain to this House the draft riots iu which
innocent men were killed 
The SPEAKER. That is not a point of
order.
Mr. O'NEILL. In which the colored orphan
asylum was burned to the ground by bis own
Democratic constituents.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is out of
order.
Mr. O'NEILL. Would it not be in order for
the gentleman to explain all that?
The SPEAKER. It would not.
Mr. ROBINSON. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. O'Neill] has taken one of my
favorite topics which are ruled out of order.
I was coming to that riot, in which a brave
Irishman and worthy Democrat died in defense
of our glorioss flag in putting down that mob.
I was going to say something about its origin,
but we have had no congressional committee
as yet appointed to inform us whether New
York also wants reconstruction and a military
dictator. If Mr. Hoffman had been elected
Governor it undoubtedly would. I should like
to say more on this point if it is in order.
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. O'NEILL. The gentleman took good
care, in his long, rambling speech, not to eome
down to his own city.
Mr. ROBINSON. I should like, by speak-
ing on that subject, to oblige the gentleman ;
but the Speaker's decision prevents both of us
from further indulgence, and I must decline to
yield any further. I must say, however, that
while I shall always obey with pleasure the
rulings of the Speaker, I cannot see how my
remarks are out of order. All these recon-
struction bills have been based upon the New
Orleans, Memphis, and other mobs and riots.
I cannot see why it is not entirely germane to
the subject under discussion to show, as New
York, Philadelphia, and Boston have had
more serious riots than Mobile, Memphis, or
New Orleans, and did not need reconstruction -
or military governors, that the southern States,
where life is quite as safe, and religious liberty
much better secured, should not have imposed
upon them a despotism so cruel and antagon-
istic to the spirit of our institutions.
Sir, as to the New Orleans riot, it looked
very like a preconcerted scheme to influence
the fall elections against the Democrats of the
North. There is no doubt that the meeting
of the defunct convention was an illegal assem-
blage. Parties had come from Louisiana to
this city to see if they could obtain congres-
sional support in their rebellion against the
government which they themselves under a
Republican member of this House and under
President Lincolp had established. It was
urged in secret caucus of the Republican mem-
bers of Congress that they had better not ad-
journ the Thirty-Ninth Congress then in sum-
mer session, for some important matters might
come to them from New Orleans. General
Sheridan had been applied to by the president
of that convention to see whether, if it assem-
bled, he would grant military protection. He
replied that he would disperse the mob and
the convention together. The president then
abandoned all idea of calling the convention
and came North. In his absence and the ab-
sence of General Sheridan a minority of that
convention got together, having somehow made
a president pro tempore without any authority,
in the person of a man whom the convention
had formerly refused to elect as its president,
and having held public meetings to fire the
hearts of the most ignorant classes of society,
declaring that every man, woman and child in
the interest of the Lincoln-Banks government
should be killed, and urging that these ignor-
ant classes thus stimulated to the killing point
should come armed in procession to the con-
vention. That convention, thus heralded, thus
planned in Washington and New Orleans or
in both, with assurances of support from Con-
gress, came together with processions of these
inflamed and ignorant classes, with music,
banners, and arms, and all "the pomp and
circumstance of war.'' The first shot fired
was by a negro at a municipal officer.
Sir, this was the beginning of the riot. Had
the police of New York been so assailed and
their arrests so rescued, the streets would have
run with blood or the guilty parties in the pro-
cession would have been secured. Unfortu-
nately Sheridan, who had declared that lie
would disperse the convention, was away. The
military allowed the illegal mobs in the streets
and in convention to prevail over the municipal
authorities, and the howl for vengeance and
blood swept down truth and reason before it-
Mr. KELLEY. I am sorry to interrupt the
gentleman agam, but he is wronginsaying that
the gentleman to whom he refers testified tliftt
he could get support from Congress. The
gentleman from New York will find if lie exam-
ines the record that the gentleman referred to
