1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
40th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Heconstruction—Mr. Robinson.
Ho. of Reps.
stated that he did not find here the support
he had expected.
Mr. ROBINSON. Well, the gentleman did
come here. He got encouragement enough
to proceed to call that illegal and revolution-
ary body together. The proceedings of the
Republican caucus here showed that parties
here were cognizant of the movement. The
getters^up of that convention had been the
most bitter secessionists, voting to take Louis-
iana out of the Union, making speeches
against our flag and our Union, one of them
since removed by General Sheridan. The gen-
tleman who stated that a letter signed by three
members of Congress was in existence, was
not called by the committee, though his at-
tendance was requested by the minority of the
committee. The gentleman to whom I refer
is, I believe, the so-called Governor of Louis-
iana, now in this city, Mr. Flanders.
Mr. KELLY. No sir; it was Judge Howell
who swore that ho did not get the moral sup-
port of Congress.
Mr. ROBINSON. At all events the man
who said he had seen the letter was not called
by the committee, because,' I presume, they
did not want too much information. That the
riot was planned to influence the fall elections
of 1865, I have no doubt, and such will be
found the fact if ever a full and impartial in-
vestigation can be had.
Sir, the South is not represented here to-
day. Loyal and disloyal are both excluded,
though it is admitted there are people now
waiting for admission numerous enough, after
stooping their neck's to the military yoke, to
comprise ten States in our Union. The chain
is eating into their flesh, the blood is oozing
from their pores, while we apparently infu-
riated into madness by the spirit of revenge,
are dancing on their prostrate bodies to the
music of reconstruction.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I suppose
the gentleman is referring to Andersonville?
Mr. ROBINSON. No, sir, I am not. Those
who shriek for more blood and suffering may
unfold the gory record of Andersonville. That
record is terrific enough and ever to be con-
demned. But there may be exhibited a worse
spirit than was manifested at Andersonville.
That has been claimed by the rebels as a mili-
tary necessity. But there is a spirit of wrong,
a spirit of Satan, a spirit entirely inconsistent
with the spirit of the age and of all religion,
which without the poor excuse of military
or other necessity shouts for vengeance and
yells for blood. The present fall elections
are approaching: again must the horrors of
Andersonville be revamped, revarnished, and
rehearsed: committees at enormous expenses
wrung from a suffering people be published in
huge volumes and scattered broadcast over the
land to renew the wearied spirit of carnage and
revenge. The poet Moore represents Erin
sitting on the banks of the Boyne, her Ander-
sonville, the very mention of whose name
alwaj's renewed the spirit of hell, which the
spirit of Christ had almost conquered :
"' "When will this end. ye powers of good ?'
She weeping asks forever.
But only hears from out that flood
The demon answer, 'Never 1' "
And never shall we have reconstruction till
reconciliation fans its holy spark into a vivify-
ing flame. Never, while men who should be
pleading for forgiveness as they hope to be
forgiven crawl around the tombstones of the
bloody past like another "Old Mortality," with
incessant mallet and steeled chisel deepening
the records of human frailty which the winds
and rains of Heaven were mercifully providing
to obliterate.
"A canting crew,
So smooth, so godly, yet so devilish, too,
Who. arui^d at once with Bibles and with whips,
Blood oil their hands and ynripturc on their lips,
Tyrants bv creed and torturers by text,
Make this life hell in honor of the next."
Let'' bygones be bygones'' if you ever mean
to let us become one people again. If you
mean to keep us forever apart, say so and be
honest. We have fought the South with their
Johnstons and their Stonewall Jacksons, and
they, by our superior numbers and resources,
are at our feet. The prodigal son, at whom
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] recently sneered, has returned from
scenes of dissipation and riotous living. If
you mean to take him back, do so, and kill the
fatted calf, if you mean to slay the prodigal
sou and keep the fatted calf kicking up its
heels around the barn-yard, say so. Do some-
thing ; but do not talk reconstruction while
you are plotting disunion. If the erring wife
has returned, take her to your bosom, or if
you eannot do this, cast her from you forever.
Do not be reconstructing her into another and
different person, for that would not be recon-
ciliation, but bigamy. [Laughter.] If you
mean to live with her, banish from beneath your
roof, as you would a spirit from hell, every
croaking miscreant who would shriek into both
your ears the follies and the crimes which you
both committed and which led to your separa-
tion. If you mean to restore to the weeping
Union its former children, oh give her back
her darling boy, and not the sickly, fairy child
with which you would mock a mother's prayer.
Sir, these are words of truth and sober-
ness. I believe the speediest way to recon-
struction is honest reconciliation and mutual
forgiveness. I stand not here to justify the
South. While she was in rebellion she was
my enemy ; in submission she becomes again
my friend. I would not inflict upon her one
single unnecessary humiliation. Of crimes
against us she has been guilty, but who can
cast the first stone of innocence? I tell you
that there were more crimes against life, per-
son, and property perpetrated in Massachusetts
since the rebellion was put down than in South
Carolina; crimes deeper and more damnable,
some even nameless, for which no punishment
was inflicted, not even expulsion from the legis-
lative body of which their perpetrators were
members. I tell you that life and person and
property have been more unsafe, that crimes
against them have been more numerous in one
single northern district than in the entire State
of North Carolina. Life, liberty, and property
to-day are in more jeopardy in Tennessee,
which you do not propose to reconstruct'or
control, than in any other portion of the world.
Let me go back and say to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] that I never
read the article from the Mobile Times to which
he referred. I do not know, nor is it my busi-
ness to inquire, whether he is a Catholic or a
Presbyterian. I do not profess to be the
champion of any religious denomination. I
was simply showing that people who burned
churches dedicated to the service of the liv-
ing God, and spat in the faces of defenseless
women, should be slow to charge upon other
localities a want of safety to person and prop-
erty.
Mr. KELLEY. I prosecuted the cases and
I never heard of such an allegation before. If
it were so I think I was in a position to have
heard it-
Mr. ROBINSON. If they were not guilty
of spitting in women's faces they have enough
to account for instead of hunting up others'
crimes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point of
order. This bill has nothing^ to do with the
burning of churches or spitting in women's
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. This is a bill supplementary
to the reconstruction act, and the burning of
churches or spitting into women's faces, as the
gentleman from Illinois states, has nothing to
do with the subject.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. That
being the case I rise to move that the speeches
hereafter be confined to five minutes, and shall
be confined to the pending subject.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has the floor and cannot be taken off it
for that purpose.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to any further
interruptions of the gentleman from New York.
The SPEAKER. He has the floor and has
uttered no disorderly words that would take
him off it.
Mr. ROBINSON. Mr. Speaker how many
minutes have I left ?
The SPEAKER. Twenty minutes.
Mr. ROBINSON. Sir, we have not got at the
entire secret of this legislation. Its authors
strike at the distinguished Attorney General
of the United States through the prostrate
South, on which they can further trample,
rather than answer his arguments. They want
also to show, their teeth at the President of
the United States. Sir, I have been pained,
sitting here from day to day, listening to re-
marks in reference to the President, which, if
it were parliamentary, I would denounce as
ribaldry. I have been pained to witness the
degeneracy in the debates of Congress since
I was here twenty-five years ago in the capacity
of a correspondent. As a Clay Whig then I used
to denounce the Democratic party daily for
lack of dignity and for assumption of power;
but, oh, how changed since then? Is it not
degeneracy when members on the floor will
rise from day to day and in a spirit utterly dis-
graceful to American citizens 
Mr. PILE. I rise to a question of order. I
ask if this course of remark is in order ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair must decide
that it is not in order for the gentleman to
speak of the conduct of his fellow-members as
disgraceful. He may say that it is unjust, but
to say that it is disgraceful is a personal reflec-
tion, which is not considered parliamentary. ,
Mr. ROBINSON, Of course I yield to the
decision of the Speaker. It seems perhaps a
little Pickwickian to say that a man's actions
are unjust and yet not disgraceful. But, sir,
I will say, I trust in order, that I have been
pained to hear abuse of the President of the
United States. I believe that any one who
would try to degrade the President of this great
Republic in the eyes of the world is a greater
traitor to our institutions than those who
starved our prisoners at Andersonville or plot-
ted treason under Jefferson Davis. It would
be a greater calamity to have the President,
the head of our country, made a hissing and a
scorn to the rest of the world than the continu-
ance of all Jefferson Davis's forces in the field
for forty years. I have been particularly pained
by the conduct of a committee of this House,
which seems to act upon the principle, which
was formerly followed in Ireland, of hanging
men for being suspected of being suspicious!
Sir, there is one in our list of Presidents who
is, and I trust ever will be, supreme in the
affections of the American people. Upon his
pinnacle of glory he now stands, and there let
him stand forever. I say that, with that one
exception, and perhaps without exception at
all, no one of our Presidents could have stood
the searching investigation which Andrew John-
son has successfully endured at the hands of
this energetic committee. That investigation
has proved that he is the purest man, with per-
haps this one exception, who ever occupied the
presidential chair. I doubt whether the house-
hold of George Washington or of Thomas Jef-
ferson, or of any other save that of his own,
could have stood the ordeal. The committee,
not seeming contented with examining into
everything themselves, have an attendant, for
whom we have no name, and for whose services
I hope there will be no pay, who hunts up in-
formation for them, descending to visit haunts
of perjury and crime and the convicts' cells,
raking the bottoms of these dens of iniquity to
see if anything can be found to be bribed or
suborned to testify against the executive head
of this nation, that he and the people at who.-e
head he stands may be degraded in the eyes of
