12
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 12,
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Bobinson.
40th Cong.... 1st Sess.
the world; eavesdropping and keyboling around
the back and under entrances of the White
House, and kneeling to its scullions to see
whether they can find out what the President
eats or. drinks, or what he does before he goes
to- bed.
Mr. BROOMALL. I must raise the ques-
tion of order that the gentleman's remarks.are
not relevant to the question undfer" discussion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not like
to check the gentleman from New York, who
appears disposed to take a wide range, but he
does not see what relevancy the examination
of the scullions of the White House has to
the military reconstruction bill. Perhaps the
gentleman may* be able to explain its rele-
vancy.
Mr. ROBINSON. Well, sir, I had under-
stood that the President and the Attorney
General were the sole cause of this session.
I cannot understand why all this interruption
and these calls to order are ijow made by a
party who in almost every speech delivered,
either in the last or the present Congress, made
executive action the pretext for these uncon-
stitutional reconstruction bills. If the Presi-
dent's failings are urged as an argument for
the severity of these measures, may not his
virtues be pleaded against them ?
Bat I shall try to continue my remarks in
order. I thought of moving to iay this whole
matter on the table. I believe that would be
in order, notwithstanding the pendency of the
motion to recommit.
The SPEAKER. That motion would be in
order.
Mr. ROBINSON. My opinion is, as I said
on opening, that this measure is brought in, not
because the South has done anything to call
, for this new legislation, but to oppose the action
of the President and his distinguished legal
adviser; and I am trying to show that there is
nothing in the executive action to justify it.
After descending' to the most unjustifiable
means in search of scandal, to be printed at
vast expense and to the disgrace of the nation,
after two years of searching and swearing, no
man here can stand up and make one single
charge against Andrew Johnson, either as citi-
zen or President; and his persecutors, after
all their searches, reputable or otherwise,
stand mute when challenged, as we now chal-
lenge them, to report a single charge against
him.
Nor has his patriotic family escaped, for even
on this floor we have heard their names dragged
in to serve base party purposes. ' Sir, the
charming hospitality of that Mansion, the spot-
less purity of the character of its inmates, the
weeds of woe scarcely removed which told of
a gallant son dying in the military service of
his country, and a lovely daughter widowed by
the same holy service, might have protected
that household from the prying propensity of
committees and the things that pander to their
purposes. Well might I say, sir, that even
the household of Washington or Madison or
Jackson could not have stood' the ordeal
through which' our present Chief Magistrate
has passed.
Sir, the character of Andrew Johnson defies
the viper that bites the file. There is, perhaps,
no better example of American character than
his. Born in the humble walks of life; reared
in lessons of industry, virtue, and religion;
self-educated, self-supported, and self-reliant;
rising by that American rule of gradation from
a town commissioner and mayor of Greenville
and trustee of its academy to he member suc-
cessively of both Houses of the Tennessee Legis-
lature; a member of this House, in which he
proved himself during his repeated terms of
reelection an able, upright, and eloquent states-
man ; urging high considerations of national
policy, inculcating love and harmony between
the North and South; denouncing then as now
all usurpations of power by the General Gov-
ernment; defending that sacred doctrine of our
Constitution, State rights, which now, through
the folly of its; violent friends, has been crushed
to earth, bat will rise again; jealously guard-
ing. the Treasury from plunderers; defending
the rights of naturalized citizens j introducing
in 1845 and, by determination and indomitable
tenacity of purpose,-carrying and marching with
it through both Houses of Congress and over
executive vetoes, the homestead law; then
Governor of the State of Tennessee; then Sen-
ator of the United States, where he stood true
when almost every southern Senator faltered
and fell. Then appointed by President Lin-
coln military Governor of Tennessee, saving,
by his firmness and bravery, "the capital of that
State by opposing its evacuation. Then nomi-
nated by the Republican party on. a platform
on which he still stands and which they have
deserted, hurling curses like all deserters at
those who remain true1; himself and that plat-
form, since abandoned by its framers, contrib-
uting largely to the success of the ticket which
without them would not have been successful.
Then President of the United States; a south-
ern man true to the North; presiding over a
northern. Congress unforgiving to the South;
himself the providential link around which the
returning emotions of union and harmony will
yet crystallize and cluster when the enmities of
the present hour will be forgotten or remem-
bered only to be deplored. Wise in forethought,
brave in danger, forgiving in victory, posterity
will award to him a high position among Amer-
ican Presidents, equal to any, if not superior
to all save one.
The historian Rollin, in sketching the char-
acter of Cyrus, thus describes his beau ideal
of a statesman and patriot :
" But an inward stock of goodness, compassion, and
gentleness toward the unhappy; an air of modera-
tion and rescrve, even in prosperity and victory; an
insinuating and persuasive behavior; theartof gain-
ing people's hearts and attaching them to him more
by affection than interest; a constant, unalterable
care always to have right upon his side, and to imprint
such a character of justice and equity upon all his
conduct as his very enemies are forced to revere;
and lastly,such a clemency as to distinguish those
that offend through imprudence rather than maliec,
and to leave room for their repentance by giving
them opportunity to return to their duity. These are
qualities rarely found in the most celebrated con-
querors of antiquity, but which shone forth most
conspicuously in Cyrus."
Sir, I tell you and this House that Andrew
Johnson does not deserve and can despise all
these persecutions heaped upon him. The
people of these United States, forgetting all his
trivial faults and'remembering his great vir-
tues; the independent tiller of his own soil,
secured to him as a homestead through the
foresight of Andrew Johnson; the naturalized
citizen, enjoying his rights largely through the
opposition of Andrew Johnson to Nativism and
Know-Nothingism; the northern people, "re-
membering how he stood as a tower of strength
against the inroads of secession and disunion,
and the South remembering that he received
the most violent abuse which any man ever
received because he contended that there were
rights and should be clemency for the fallen:
these will win for him the gratitude of all true
citizens of a restored and united country;
while those who are persecuting him and seek-
ing to secure and perpetuate disunion and
strife through these measures falsely called
reconstruction bills will be execrated by their
posterity, who will efface their forefathers
names from the tombstones of their burial-
places, or apply to the Legislatures of their sev-
eral States to change their names that they may
get rid of the disgrace of being the descendants
of their ancestors! I feel no hesitation in be-
lieving that Jefferson Davis will, with all his
faults and crimes and follies, stand better
with posterity than will any one who by vote
or voice or deed, after the military necessity
had passed, struck or attempted to strike one
star from our glorious constellation of equal
and sovereign States, or dimmed its luster
within the Federal Union. The genius of
American liberty around each State beneath
her banner draws the magic circle of the re-
publican church, and on Ihe head of him who
dares to invade with hostile foot the sanctity
of that circle she will launch the awful curse
of her eternal hatred; and in the fire of that
hatred and the withering power of that curse
his memory will shrivel into nothingness or
live only in the stench of its quenching.
But, sir, there is another suggestion I wish
to make, inasmuch as I believe that all this
legislation is instigated simply through a de-
sire to influence the next presidential election.
This truth is so patent that it is difficult to look
serious when denying it. I urge, then, against
further legislation of this kind that the next
President is already chosen, and the gentlemen
on the other side cannot help it. The people
have already anticipated and rendered useless
all caucuses and conventions and their con-
comitant corruption and log-rolling. The other
side, though they are afraid to trust him, and
arc plotting to weaken him, cannot prevent his
election. They dare not put up any of the rec-
ognized advocates of their principles. [Laugh-
ter.] They will be compelled to vote for him,
and when elected they will try to use him for
their own purposes. Need I say that in that
they will fail, and failinc in it, they, will de-
nounce him as they denounce Andrew John-
son , and as they had already begun to denounce
President Lincoln. Had President Lincoln
lived, the more conservative, the better half of
the Republican party, who now seem afraid to
break away from their bell-wethers, would have
been with us in sustaining his policy of restor-
ation, and the more radical portion of the
party would have been howling to-day for his
impeachment, as I venture to predict, and am
willing to risk all the character of prescience
in politics I might wish to get credit for that
before our next President gets through with
them—the first session of next Congress—they
will be clamoring for his impeachment. I need
not say that our next President, if he lives, will
be Ulysses S. Grant.
" There's a divinity that shapes our ends,"
and that divinity has shown His Alnjighty
hand throughout our history. Whether it was
Washington or Lincoln or Johnson, just as we
wanted him, the man fitted for the times ap-
peared. And now, after having led our armies
with a power and energy never witnessed in
any war before, and when there is danger of
any mere politician playing the demagogue
and pandering to the excited passions of the
multitude, the man for the crisis, in whom all
classes have confidence, who is above the arts
of the demagogue, and has power with the peo-
ple to dispense with the wire-pullers and act
for the public good, steps into the place which
needs him.
And now, sir, for the few minutes which
remain to me let me say that the policy which
I would adopt has been well and wisely stated
by my illustrious constituent, Henry Ward
Beecher._ Ijr. Beecher was at Peekskill, on his
Mount Sinai, and there the Almighty revealed
from Heaven to him the true doctrine of recon-
struction, which he wrote in his Cleveland let-
ter, and which should be engraved on tablets
of stone.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I rise to a point of
order. I insist that the rule should be enforced,
and that the gentleman should keep to the ques-
tion. His remarks are certainly not relevant to
the subject before the House.
Mr. ROBINSON. Does the gentleman from
Iowa say that a message from Heaven is not
in order in this House? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman raises the
question of order that the inscription of Mr.
Beecher's letter upon tablets of stone is not in
order.
Mr. ROBINSON. I shall then adopt his
sentiments as my own, and hope they may then
be in order. [Laughter.] Here are his words;
" Our theory of government has no place for aState
except intheunion." * * * •* "The Army
