186?.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•13
40th Cojtg.... 1st Sess.
Reconstruction,—Mr. Logan.
Ho. 03? Reps.
becomes indispensable to local government and
supeisedes it. Tile Government at Washington is
called to interfere in one and another difficulty."
* * * * " OurGovernment, wisely adapted
to its own proper functions, is utterly devoid of those
habits and uneauipped with the instruments which
fit a centralized government to exercise authority in
remote States over local affairs." * * * , *
" The Federal Government is unfit to exercise minor
police and local government, and will inevitably
blunder when it attempt? it. To keep a half score of
States under Federal authority but without national
ties and responsibilities; to oblige the central author-
ity togovern half the territory of the Union by Fed-
eral civil offices and by the Army is a policy not only
uncongenial to our ideas and principles, butpreemi-
nently dangerous to the spirit of our Government."
* * * * "Itis.infact, acourseof instruction
preparing our Government to be despotxc and familiar-
izing the people to a stretch of authority which can
never be other than dangerous to liberty." * *
* * "I hear with wonder and shame and scorn
the fear of a few that the South once more in adjust-
ment with the Federal Government will rule this
nation." * * * * "Unless we turn the
Government into a -cast military machine there cannot
be armies enough to protect the freedmen while
southern society remains insurrectionary. If south-
ern society is calmed, settled, and occupied and
soothed with new hopes and prosperous industries,
no armies will be needed; riots will subside."
* * "Whether we regard the whole
nation or any section of it or class in it the first
demand of our times is entire reunion." * '
* " For the sake of the freedmen, for the sake of
the South and its millions of our fellow-countrymen,
for our oicn sake, and for the great cause of freedom
and civilization, I urge the immediate reunion of all
the parts which rebellion and war have shattered."
With this message Mr. Beecher came down
to his people, as Moses descended, with words
of wisdom from Heaven. But in his absence
the Aarons of his congregation had set up a
new god, a blatant calf. He found his pulpit
in possession of Governor Brownlow and a
godless crew, who were " swinging round the
circle" after the President. Amid thecheers
of his people he heard Brownlow, with the
spirit of hell condensed into one sentence,
and embracing the extreme radical creed of
reconstruction, shouting: "First kill, then
burn, then survey;" shoot and otherwise kill
the men, cut the throats of the women, and
dash out the brains of the infants sleeping in
their cradles ; and then, for fear men, women,
or children might linger through the massacre
or recover from the carnage, burn the houses
over their heads that their gore and gashes
might be licked with the tongue of flame or
consumed with its breath; and then confiscate.
Such were the terrible blasphemies which
greeted his message from Heaven. I forgive
him for dashing the tablets of stone to pieces.
God never condescended to give him another
copy! .
Sir, did time permit, I should ask attention
to words of wisdom from others who in the
past and present have pleaded for mutual good
will, forgiveness, and reconciliation: from
George Washington, from Abraham Lincoln,
Andrew Johnson, Horace Greeley, and others,
who, "with malice towards none, with charity
for all," would bind up the nation's wounds ;
and contrast them with those who in the Rad-
ical column, with Brownlow at their head, and
" all hell following in the rear," are shouting
"kill, burn, and survey, impeach, and confis-
cate, and when the South asks for restoration
give them the penitentiary of hell."
Sir, we have been playing political thimblerig
with the South, and who can tell under which
thimble the little joker which will secure resto-
ration is to be found. The lower the South has
bent the knee the more intolerable have become
the terms of pardon ; even kindly words from
any friend of the South were answered with
greater indignity, till finally conditions are ex-
acted which none but bullies would demand or
cravens yield, for "theknee that is forced had
been better unbent." But there is hope ahead.
In after years, from a common bond of love,
beneath a common flag, from a common broth-
erhood born of our northern children, mingling
in holy family ties with the children of the
South, men will look back and wonder that
there was wickedness enough in the world to
inflict such injuries upon one another; but will
bless the peacemakers among their ancestors
and curse the miscreants who fanned so long
the flame of contention. Nay, I shall live to see
that day; and shall not be ashamed to look my
children in the face and to say that there was one
who fought the rebels throughout the rebellion,
but when the war was over pleaded for forgive-
ness, believed in southern honor, and voted as
he believed; who never attempted " the future's
portal with the past's blood-rusted key ;" who
wofcld rather grasp the bloody hand of an open
foe"{Kan touch the slimy finger of the coward
that skulked from danger; who never kicked
the undermost dog nor struck a fallen foe.
" When the foe has knocked under, to tread on him
thep—-
By the fist of my father, X blush for thee, Ben 1"
Let me say a closing word for my fellow-cit-
izens of the South. I cannot forget that they,
too, have sorrows that might well arouse re-
venge. There are vacant chairs around many
a lonely southern hearth. Thereare madden-
ing memories which matched against our own
and shrieked into each others ears would keep
us for ever apart. They have hearts to feel
and eyes to weep for loved ones lost, for hus-
bands buried on distant battle-fields, fathers
slaughtered in the mourttain passes, and sons
taken away by early death, all buried in name-
less and unknown graves. They fought gal-
lantly, but they are down, and cursed be the
hand that smites the fallen. I long to see
them back in the Union, that they and we,
forgiving and forgetting the past, and girding
up our loins for the magnificent future, may
enter upon the career of greatness and glory
which stretches away before us.
I have sought to elevate my own mind above
the vengeance of a divided present, and have
looked to the brightening flag of a united
future as the inheritance of glory for a com-
mon posterity. In days gone by I learned my
creed from Henry Clay and Daniel W ebster,
John M. Clayton and John J. Crittenden. I
stand by the record and refuse the teaching of
Brownlow and Phillips.
I see in the future an ocean-bound Republic;
in the immediate future a hundred millions of her
united people. Where but a few stars flickered
in her sky I see constellations blazing; the
flutter of her flag is reflected on every sea, the
plash of her propeller .vexes every ocean ; and
to that future I summon back our brethren of
the South, for without them success would be
a failure, and our glory would be but shame.
" Oh would thou wert near me, my southern brother,
X love thee as dear as the son of my mother;
I am lonely and sad since the day thatweparted,
My lips have the tone of a maid broken-hearted;
But come, from the future fresh flowers we 11 gather,
And sing the sweet songs of our Union forever.
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN A. LOGAN,
oj illinois,
is the House op Representatives,
July 12, 1867,
On the supplementary reconstruction bill, and in re-
ply to Mr. Robinson, of New York.
Mr. LOGAN said :
Mr. Speaker ; It was not my intention to
have taken any part in tbis_debate_, but I can-
not get my own consent to sit and listen quietly
any longer to such extraordinary speeches as
have again and again been pronounced on this
floor within the last few days. If the wisdom
of the policy of excluding from a representa-
tion in this Hall the South had ever cost me a
doubt it could never again cost me another.
More earnest advocates of their political theo-
ries and more eloquent apologists for their
darkest crimes traitors have not in the South
or elsewhere than they have here. A resolu-
tion blotting outthe Constitutions of the United
States and the respective States is recom-
mended by one gentleman, who evidently
means thereby to intimate that in his opinion
at least this House had already destroyed
everything like fundamental law in the land,
and trampled ruthlessly in the dust the liber-
ties of the people.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That is -what I thought
and what I meant.
Mr. LOGAN. I so understood the gentle-
man, and the thought occurred to me at the
time, sir, that it was strange indeed, passing
strange, that the gentleman did not discover
during those four fearful years of blood and
carnage through which the true friends of hu-
manity, liberty, the Constitution and the Union
had to pass to deliver them from impending
destruction who it was assailing them then.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman
yield ?
Mr. LOGAN. I decline. Why did it not
occur to the gentleman, when mighty armies of
brave men, commanded by skillful generals,
were hovering in a menacing attitude around
this devoted city, spurning our country's flag,
mocking our patriotic professions, insulting
loyal citizens, ignoring private rights, and per-
petrating public outrages, that the Constitution,
the Union, and liberty were in danger then?
Why does the gentleman wait until the war is
over, the Constitution is no longer in peril,
and those who stood fast and firm near it.and
by it, when its banner was streaming on the
breeze of battle, are attempting to devise the
most practicable and politic means to restore at
the earliest moment to this whole land perma-
nent and healthful tranquility and prosperity ?
Why does he wait for such a moment to
announce the startling discovery that our Con-
stitution is threatened and liberty is in peril ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does the gentleman de-
sire me to answer his question?
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir; one interruption
encouraged invites another. Is it not strange,
I repeat, that the same gentlemen who are so
easily alarmed now about the perils that com-
pass about the Constitution of the country and
the liberties of the people while peace is be-
nignly smiling upon us, saw no terror or threat
in the glitter of bayonets or the frown of bat-
teries when our beloved land was swarming
with millions of open enemies and the earth was
trembling under the martial tread of serried
hosts and the loud roar of angry artillery ?
Then when there was war, was no peace, they
could raise the cry of "peace, peace;" and
when peace at last has come they averit has not
come, but that we are still in the midst of a
bloody war, a war upon the Constitution we
fought to save, a war upon the liberties we
bled to preserve. "Treat your southern breth-
ren kindly, win them by affection," is the cry
of the Democracy. "Rather," said one of them,
"that Jeff. Davis and his coadjutors had suc-
ceeded than that the President of the United
States should be impeached.'' Such language
is worthy only of a representative of South
Carolina or some other rebel whose hands are
red with loyal blood. No wonder that in a
party boasting of such types of patriotism
there should be many, very many, enthusiastic
followers, who saw nothing reprehensible inthe
conduct of the open, avowed, defiant, and bel-
ligerent enemies of the Republic, but who do
find much to deplore and denounce in the
adhesion now to principle of those who stood
like a wall of adamant around our flag when
the mad waves of secession threatened to
deluge with blood the eternal rock upon which
our fathers and their fathers had planted it.
Our dead I suppose are to sleep in forgotten
graves, while the rebel slain must be apotheo-
sized, and we who fought with and survive the
brave boys in blue—
"Who fighting fell, and falling fought,"
are to be stigmatized with opprobrious epithets,
while the traitors who thirsted for our blood
are to be meekly and sweetly called "our
brethren."
Mr. MUNGEN. I rise to a question of
order. My point of order is, that the 'gentle-
