14
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 12,
Ho. os Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Logan.
40xii Cong.... 1st Sess.
man is not discussing the bill before the
House, as the rules require him to do.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not seen
that the gentleman from Illinois has wandered
at all from the legitimate limits of debate.
He is debating the question of reconstruction.
If, however, the gentleman can point to any
specific remarks which have been in violation
of the rule the Chair will pass upon them.
Mr. MUNGEN. The gentleman has not
alluded at all to the question of reconstruc-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Ohio that this question
of reconstruction grows out of the war in which
the country has recently been engaged, and
the gentleman from Illinois, in the commence-
ment of his speech, is laying a foundation for
the discussion of the question by a reference
to the commencement of the war and the cir-
cumstances surrounding it.
Mr. LOGAN. What I am anxious to learn,
Mr. Speaker, is, upon what foundation rests
this flippant and gratuitous charge repeatedly
made against the Republican party on this floor
to the effect that we arc trampling liberty
under foot and destroying the rights and privi-
leges of a portion of the American people ?
Wherein have we violated the Constitution ?
Was it in crushing the rebellion? I have no
doubt every copperhead in the North would
say yes. We did carry the emblem of our na-
tional glory and greatness from the rivers and
the lakes of the West to the bays and the gulfs
of the South, where it waves to-day, and will
wave forever; but in doing so we innocently
thought, hoped, and believed then, and still
honestly think, hope, and believe that we were
erecting around the Constitution impregnable
bulwarks, and laying for liberty a deeper and a
broader foundation in the gratitude, confidence,
and affections of our people. We never dreamt
that for every rebel we Killed in the South we
were to make an eternal enemy in the North;
and we do think it amounts to a riddle beyond
the comprehension of mortal wits how it is that
very many of the brave men who fought us,
and whom we had to literally overwhelm be
fore we could conquer, yet now that they are
conquered are much more ready to ask for-
giveness and forget the past and be friends, as
we all ought to be again, than are their allies,
who, however deep their sympathies with them
may have been while the war was raging, took
special pains to let the danger pass before they
gave it an airing. God forbid that the day shall
ever dawn upon this Republic when the patriots
whose patriotism won them crutches and
wooden limbs shall have apologies and expla-
nations to make for their public conduct, to
patriots who boast of and abuse the privilege
of eulogizing as their brethren the men whose
sabers drank loyal blood and whose bullets shot
away loyal limbs. The truth is, the great wrong
that discomfited Democracy feels deepest is
that the people at homo neither feel nor think
that there ought to be northern rebels enough
in this House to let the southern rebels in.
The next greatest wrong that they have to
complain of is, that the men who had the
pluck to stand by those who in the field had
to fight our country's battles presumptuously
aspire to make our laws. I think thus' far
they have vindicated their claims to the world's
respect alike in the field and in the Halls of
legislation. What is the basis upon which they
fought? Simply that rebellion was a crime.
They triumphed. Now upon what basis have
they legislated? Simply that rebellion was a
crime, and they will triumph again. The peo-
ple will never require us to fight on one prin-
ciple and legislate on another: to shed our
blood on the field and then come here to make
apologies for it to men who wanted us whipped.
I hold now, and always expect to hold, that no'
man has a right to cross the threshold of this
House and claim a seat on this floor who did
not dare during the war to openly stand by and
claim the protection of the flag that floats over
this Capitol. The Government that is organized
so loosely and administered so feebly that trai-
tors of yesterday can be among the rulers of
to-morrow can neither long survive nor long
deserve to survive. And this Government can
have no enemies in the South half as much to
be dreaded as that whining northern friend
who would clothe with power in this Govern-
ment to-morrow the man whose blades ijvas
drawn to stab the Constitution and the Iftaion
but yesterday. When the South can be loyally
represented on this floor upon the basis pro-
posed by Congress the problem of reconstruc-
tion will cease to vex the discussions of this
Hall.
The prime, sole, and supreme object of the
Republican party is to reestablish this Gov-
ernment upon a sure foundation of loyalty,
against which the frothy waves of treason may
fret forever in vain. We have survived one
rebellion, and the sage suggestions of past
experience warns us that it will be wiser to
prevent another rebellion than to too confi-
dently expect to survive it. Rebellion, seces-
sion, and treason are like all other crimes and
iniquities, and will crop out in every direc-
tion upon the smallest perceivable pretext.
Put forward, then, the loyal and true, and hold
at a respectful and indifferent distance the dis-
loyal and untrue until we can see some volun-
tary evidence that they have finally awoke to
the consciousness that they are criminals and
ought to be grateful that they have not been
ignominiously branded by the judgment of a
competent tribunal as such. The whole
secret, however, of the wailing and gnashing
of teeth that we hear among the Democracy
is not because we have insisted that rebels shall
be held under restraint and loyal men pro-
moted, that our flag shall be respected at home
as well as abroad, but it is simply the reason a
rebel Irishman gave to a loyal Irishman who
captured him on the field. Said the Hibernian
in blue to his rebel countryman, " Why, Jim-
my, my boy, what are you doing on that side?"
"That side, indade," answered Jimmy, "and
is this not the Dimmercratick side?" [Laugh-
ter.] The Irishman thought that the rebel
side must necessarily be the Democratic side,
and I guess that my friend, the gentleman from
Brooklyn, has a similar idea in his head yet.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ROBIN§ON. Mr. Speaker, I do not,
attempt to answer the question which the gen-
tleman has addressed to me, because I believe
he does not wish an answer. If he does I
should be glad to give it.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Logan] yield to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Robinson] for a reply?
Mr. LOGAN. I do not think that I have
said anything that he can answer. [Laughter. ]
Mr. ROBINSON. If the gentleman wishes
me to answer I am ready to do so.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman declines,
as the Chair understands, to be interrupted. ,
Mi\ LOGAN. Now, Mr. Speaker, let us
examine a little further into this question. I
perhaps may not have stated all the reasons
that actuated these gentlemen in denouncing
this side of the House, and thereby denouncing
every loyal man in the country, every man who
has shown his loyalty by his efforts to restore
this Government on a proper basis. The
recent rebellion while it was in progress was
led by men who belonged to the same party
to which the gentleman from Brooklyn now
belongs, and the same party to which I belonged
until I became so thoroughly ashamed of it that
I left it, and is it not a little remarkable that
the same disloyal stench which drove me out
seems to have attracted my friend from Brook-
lyn into it? [Laughter.]
The reason why these gentlemen desire to-
day to bring into disrepute the action of mem-
bers of this House is because their action is
calculated to prevent a portion of the people
of the southern country, who are in full sym-
pathy with them, from voting and holding office.
Who are they? Outspoken rebels, who rose in
arms against the Government; the men who
conspired to destroy this glorious Republic.
Because these men are disfranchised and pre-
vented from exercising the rights of American
citizens gentlemen on the other side object to
our proposed plan of reconstruction. Sir, they
would have the southern States reconstructed
according to the plan of Andrew Johnson, the
gentleman who is so immaculate that if wo
should attempt to impeach him it will, accord-
ing to the gentleman from Brooklyn, amount
to a national calamity. What was the plan of
Andrew Johnson? Why, sir, that plan pro-
posed to declare that those States that had
engaged in rebellion had never lost any of their
rights in the Government; that neither they
nor their citizens had forfeited any of their
privileges under the Constitution of the United
States. In other words, that treason was not
a crime; that rebels were patriots. It proposed
to invite the rebels to hold elections and send
to this Hall per se secessionists and traitors.
In short, to construct a new party in recon-
structing the Government in which the seces-
sion rebels of the South might unite with the
copperhead rebels of the North, capture the
citadel of power here, make treason honorable
and loyalty odious. There is nothing that to
regain its lost power the Democratic party
would not willingly do. If it could acquire
to-morrow more power by crushing under its
iron, heel the South than it could by succoring
it jt would hurl at its southern brethren thick
and fast—
"Curses of hate and hisses of scorn."
Their history well establishes the fact that—
"Their friendship is a lurking snare,
Their honor but an idle breath.
Their smile the smile that traitors woar,
Their love is hate, their life is death."
Their sympathy with Andrew Johnson's plan
of reconstruction and their hostility to the
Republican plan of reconstruction is not attrib-
utable to the merits or demerits of either plan
as a policy for the country, but solely as a party
policy.
Now, sir, I maintain that the only true plan
upon which these southern States ought to
have been reconstructed is by virtue of an
organization of military governments, aud the
principle objection to which I find the bill
now pending before this House obnoxious,
• albeit I shall vote for it, is, that it fails to state
sufficiently explicit that the governments of
these States were entirely overthrown and de-
stroyed by the treason and rebellion of the
people, and that no legal civil governments
have existed there since. I would recognize
no Governors or other officers pretending to-
act there now in an official capacity, but would
remove them instanter. I would insist that
when the fiery billows of war rolled over the
South that they bore away into the broad ocean
of chaos their laws and constitutions as the
floods of their own mighty father of waters
sweep the drift-wood they gather into the Mex-
ican Gulf, and that according to the laws of
war they were subject only to military rule at
the hands of their conquerors, and so ought to
remain until traitors shall learn how to blush
for their crimes, and modestly decline office
instead of attempting, as they now do daily, to
thrust themselves forward to grasp the reins of
a Government that they hate in their hearts.
I would put the rebels on probation, and make
their return to power depend upon the merits
of their penitence.
But let us return to the gentleman's grave
charges of outrage and wrong supposed to have
been committed by this Congress. To be char-
itable, we will have to give the gentleman and
his party credit for a memory as full of treachery
as their southern brethren were of treason.
They seem to have forgotten everything they
ought to remember, and remember some things
