186-7.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
15
40th Cong. ... 1 st Sess .
Reconstruction-—Mr. Logan.
Ho. of Reps.
they certainly ought not only to-forget them-
selves, but want everybody else to forget.. They
seem to have forgotten the scenes and events that
mark ■ the historical epoch .through which we
have so recently passed, and they seem to have
totally forgotten that these p$t southern breth-
ren of theirs, when they did- occupy seats on
this floor gave us practical illustrations of dig-
nity in debate that made of this Hall a " bear
garden,'' and much more attractive to lovers of
gladiatorial sports and patrons of the "fancy"
than they could have been to the wise, pru-
dent, sedate, and good citizen. When bowie-
knives bristled from their breasts, revolvers
filled all their pockets, and clubs were substi-
tuted among them for canes; when they spoke
to a northern legislator in these Halls with' a
scowl on their brows, threats on their lips,
and fingers on triggers. It is true, we have
blotted out for them eternally and forever the
charming institution under the peculiar influ-
ences of which they imbibed these dogmatical
and insolent airs; but if, when it was in full
blast, they could not remember that the style
of manners that might do to drive a gang of
slaves would not answer to persuade a con-
gressional peer, it is not at all probable that
time enough has yet elapsed for the fact to
appear in their manners that they fully and
properly realize the fact in alt of its moral and
political sublimity, that they are not some-
body's master yet, and may again subject us
to their old style of argument, so peculiarly
southern. They seem to have forgotten the
price the peace we enjoy to-day has cost this
nation, and the crimson currency in which it
the broken hearts with which it
filled bruised and troubled bosoms at home ;
the mangled bodies with which it filled hos-
pitals everywhere, and the lifeless forms of
manly beauty with which it filled hundreds of
thousands of nameless graves on the far-off
battle-plains of the South. They seem to have
forgotten the bitter scalding tears that rolled
like floods of lava down the fair faces of the
loyal mothers, wives, and sisters of this land
when the names ineffably dear to them were
found announced in the long lists of the killed
that were published as a sequel to the first flash
of the lightning that reported a battle had been
fought; and I dare say they have forgotten that
there ever was such a prison as Andersonville,
and the long, long catalogue of horrors that
brave men had to suffer there for being true to
themselves, their Constitution, their flag, their
homes, families, and country. Well for such
gehtlemenwoulditbe if they could occasionally
meet, as they wander daily over this broad coun-
try, a few of the many wan specters of suffering
and woe who were captured by the saintly
southern brethren of northern Democrats on
fields of strife, thrust into prisons unfit for
dogs, and starved till a hale constitution was a
wreck, and then left to suffer the worst penal-
ties of privation incident to weather and cli-
mate. I could give my friend from Brooklyn
illustrations of individual suffering at Ander-
sonville that would make the hair stand on his
head, the blood freeze in his veins, and curses
spring involuntarily to his lips. I remember
one poor boy from my immediate vicinity
especially. His name is Dougherty. He went
into Andersonville prison without a sear on
his young body or a cloud on his fair brow, but
under the humanitarianism of southern chiv-
alry he came out without a foot to walk on.
They were literally frozen off in prison.
There are thousands of such instances that
might be paraded if I had the time or inclina-
tion to do it to justify the stern, uncompromis-
ing disinclination I feel to call by the gentle
terra of brother these rebels of the South.
When 1 find in their conduct conclusive proof
of contrition, and find them openly opposed to
becoming the instruments and tools oi north-
em Democrats, who, while the wat**as raging,
accepted the protection ot the stars and stripes,
and now have the graceless effrontery to brag
that,.they were false to it, I may, and prob-
ably will, then be glad to welcome them back
into the Union. But when I do that I wish to
be able to go home and face the widows and
orphans that swarm the broad prairies of the
West, whose weeds of mourning meet us there
on the highways and the by-ways, and answer
any reasonable question they may have to ask.
I recognize the responsibility of a Representa-
tive here to his constituency, and I feel that a
woman or a child that cannot vote may have
as sacred a right to ask me a question as a man
that can, and I am simply anxious to prepare
myself to meet all such comers. In the silent
vigils of the noiseless night many a time and
oft have I fancied I could hear, coming on the
soft-whispering breezes of the South, from the
lowly pillows of loyal soldiers sleeping sweetly
where they fell gallantly, the affectionate mes-
sage: "Be of good cheer: stand fast and firm
at duty's sacred post. It was standing there
we lost the crown of life to win a crown of
glory, and we appeal to you now, from our
bright home here in Heaven, to save our off-
spring from the dire necessity of having to
perish as we perished to save from destruction
the altars and temples of liberty." And how
are we to do this—flattering rebels, tolerating
treason, and petting political profligates? I do
not recognize the right of the rebel States to
insist that no issue not made with them during
the war can be legitimately considered now.
If they had established a nationality and had
been recognized and treated with by the nations
of the earth, then such a proposition might per
possibility have had some claims to considera-
tion, but otherwise certainly none.
The position I wish to assume so distinctly
that it will and cannot be misunderstood is
simply this: that treason is a crime, that trai-
tors are criminals, that the law is supreme, that
when it is violated expiation must fbllow; and
I hold that mercy to the wicked is cruelty to
the just. Here is presented an issue, I admit,
with the President. He does not proceed upon
the proposition that treason is a crime, that
rebels are criminals, and that legal penalties
are enforcible. He is so eagerly anxious to
forgive that he seems to forget that no forgive-
ness has ever been proposed yet save as a
sequel to penitence. Having failed utterly to
establish anything resembling a nationality,
the southern States can properly claim the
protection of no laws international upon that
subject. My consent can never be commanded
to ignore the claims that I feel the gallant dead
who fell fighting under our flag have upon my
devotion to their fame while I live. Let the
poet's tribute to the soldier's memory be eter-
nally illustrated in the practical gratitude of
the American people when he said:
" On fame's eternal camping ground
Their silent tents are spread,
"While glory guards with solemn round
The bivouac of tlie dead."
And how others feel I cannot tell; but I am
free to confess that I feel that it is the memory
of those who fought and fell under our flag,
who charged rebel batteries, carried rebel
heights, vanquished rebel legions, and finally
crushed the rebellion, that has a claim upon
our respect, care, and veneration tar above
office-seekers and political partisans.
The gentleman from New York says that he
and his friends are bound to have the next Pres-
ident, and that we are bound to impeach him.
We have not yet impeached any President, and
if in the past we would not it is hardly presum-
able that in the future we will.
A Member. You would if you could.
Mr. LOGAN. I shall not say what I would
do, but until the wishes of the people com-
mand here a proper respect I do not think the
gentleman need to feel a very serious alarm
about what we will do.
The gentleman has nominated General Grant
for the presidency, and if General Grant has
any enemies I dare say the gentleman's nomin-
ation must have made tlrem profoundly happy.
General Grant rarely has anything to say, and
when he does speak it is generally directly to
the point, and from that fact the inference is
fair that he will b% found more than equal to
any occasion that may call on him to take care
of the true interests of his fame and fortunes
whenever and wherever they may be directly
or indirectly threatened. But were I ^General
Grant and really aspiring to the presidency I
would give the gentleman notice that if he
wanted an office from me his claims to consid-
eration wonld not depend upon how much, but
how little, he had to say in my behalf. [Laugh-
ter.] Presidents rarely owe their success to
their enemies. General Grant may learn a
wholesome lesson from the South about the
consequences of falling into bad company
hunting for friends.
General Grant is certainly a great and good
man. He deserves and enjoys the affection
and confidence of this nation. His personal
popularity is universal. His military famf has
spread—
"From earth's remotest bound to ocean's loneliest
shore."
It rests upon the adamantine pedestal of
success and rises above mortal criticism, and
if it can survive the admiration and friendship
of home-bound sympathizers with the precious
southern brethren, at whose ignominious ex-
pense he won his laurels, then, indeed, may
his true and real friends rejoice in the conclu-
sion that it is beyond a lingering shadow of
doubt more than indestructible. Paradoxes
do not amount to phenomenas, but nevertheless
they rarely pass away unnoticed, and the par-
adoxical proposition of finding in the-self-same
member of this House the friend alike of Gen-
eral Grant and Jeff. Davis cannot do so. It
is at least wor-th a passing comment. There
is not one single passing shadow of resemblance
between the histories, achievements, princi-
ples, sentiments, or purposes of the arch-trai-
tor and the loyal general. The.one is small, iu
all things small; the other is great in virtues
and talents that rank greatest. The name of
the one will gp down to posterity a byword of
scorn and reproach, while the name of the
other will live to be given at the baptismal
font to thousands of infant patriots yet to be
born ; and to me it is a riddle utterly incom-
prehensible that one and the same man can be
at one and the same time alike the friend of
Jeff, the traitor and Grant the patriot.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. How about Horace
Greeley?
Mr. LOGAN. Greeley, indeed! That he
is Jeff.'s friend you may prove, but where is
the evidence he is Grant's?
I trust that the apparent egotism of an allu-
sion now that is somewhat necessary to myself
will be pardoned. I am branded by political
and sectional partisans with such epithets as
"bloodthirsty," "unforgiving," "unrelent-
ing," &c.,&c. Howthishasbeenascertainedis
inexplicable to me. WTho has sought my for-
giveness that I have refused to forgive? For-
giveness is taught in the Lord's prayer, but we
are not therein instructed to thrust forgiveness
upon the unrepentant and the defiant. For-
giveness is not so cheap a virtue that it may be
prodigally wasted unasked upon the idle and
indifferent. The forgiveness that anticipates
repentance will multiply crimes faster than it
will reform criminals. When the rebels of ths
South begin properly to repent and find moral
courage enough to make before the world a
manly acknowledgment of it, then and not until
then will I take into consideration the question
of their forgiveness at all. I have no premium
to offer in the shape of forgiveness to the inso-
lence of an obstinacy that deigns not to ask
for that forgiveness. I would open a gulf be-
tween treason and loyalty wide enough to make
the dwellers on its opposite shores strangers,
and deep enough to swallow legions in arms.
I would fil1 it with waves of fire through which
