16
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 13,
Ho. of Reps.
The Bight of Petition—Mr, Van Trump.
40th Cong 1st Sess.
no unrepentant living thing could swim, and
over which no soaring philanthropy could fly
and survive. Sickly sentimentalism is a great
crime-breeder. Impunity for one crime pro-
vokes the perpetration of many. Men are but
grown-ap children, and when you spare the
rod you wilt spoil the child, whether the child
be a young child or an old child. I am notone
of those who would hesitate to try, convict, con-
demn, and execute a traitor for treason.
Mr. NIBLACK-. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, if it is not a very long
one.
Mr. NIBLACK. I would ask the gentleman
whether in the summer of 1861, after the war
broke out, he did not vote as a member of this
House against the expulsion of General John
B. Clarke, of Missouri, who had joined the
rebellion?
Mr. LOGAN. The Journals of this House
show all my votes, and the gentleman might
havg found all the information I can give him
there. I am not in the habit of voting in this
House to make unsupported rumors history.
A charge may have been filed here against
General Clarke, and when the testimony to sus-
tain it was addueed it may have utterly failed,
as in his case, according to my recollection, it
did. The disposition, however, to make a ver-
dict thus conscientiously rendered by me in
defense of an absent and unconvicted member
of their own party redound now to my preju-
dice furnishes another beautiful illustration
of Democratic magnanimity and justice. When
I cast that vote 1 voted with the Democratic
party; now it is thrown into my teeth by a
member 'of that party as a reproach. It may
have been a reckless thing in me then to doubt
the natural strong probability that a Democrat
was a rebel, and for it perhaps I deserve to be
publicly twitted and sharply rebuked ; but I
will endeavor to see to it for the future that I
shall merit never another such a just repri-
mand for such a graceless reason from such
an ungrateful source. [Laughter.]
The unrelenting war waged against me by
the Democracy is liable to be misunderstood
if looked at superficially. It is not because,
as has been suspected by some, I was a Demo-
crat and am one no longer. Dying out as it
has been, slowly but painfully, for the last eight
years with the dry rot, that party have become
too much accustomed to see men of sense with-
draw their allegiance from it to make my in-
stance a source of serious irritation. The true
reason which explains the malevolence with
which they pursue me will be found in the fact
that while the recent war was raging the hon-
orable distinction was awarded to me of having
put to the sword my full share of their party
who fell fighting in front of my command under
the spotted flag of treason to support their sen-
timents and principles. [Loud applause from
the floor of the House.]
My attention having been specially called to
Horace Greeley, I am free to say I totally dis-
approve of his sympathy for Jeff, and his pecu-
liar manner of manifesting that sympathy.
Had I captured Jefferson Davis and his dis-
posal liave been committed to my hands, I
would have organized an able court-martial
and have given him a fair trial, just sentence,
and prompt execution.
Some people are morbidly sensitive about
Jeff. Davis. They seem to think that when the
name of Cassius honors corruption, chastise-
ment ought therefore to hide its head. They
belong to that sickly class of temporizers who
would make the enormity of a crime ajjd the
rank of the criminal good pleas in bar against
their conviction._ If Jefferson Davis aad his
cabinet are criminals, as they are, they ought
to be tried; if tried, convicted; if convicted,
executed; like all other felons convicted of cap-
ital crimes. If they were tried and convicted,
as they ought to be, and were I the Chief Magis-
trate of this Republic no appeal for clemency
in their cases could ever reach me; I would
let him and them swing till they would pas$!the
point of plotting treason, and smaller traitors
might profit by the example of their ignomin-
ious fate. Until a traitor or two is tried, con-
victed, and executed the people of the United
States may confidently expect an annual crop
of armed traitors to spring from the tenderness
with which traitors are treated in this land.
So mild has been our mercy that Toombs, the
fugitive of yesterday, is back again the swag-
gerer of to-day. Emboldened by impunity he
grows defiant, and seems determined to test the
measure of his importance in a last desperate
effort to draw toward him the attention of the
Government and down upon his crimes the
vengeance of the law.
But what has he to fear in a Government
where rebels are pardoned before they are
tried and where no traitor has ever graced the
gallows? John Brown was tried, convicted, and
executed; but that was for treason, not against
our national Government, but the State of
Virginia. When a northern man trespasses
upon southern soil and commits^treason he
has the crime to expatiate on the scaffold, but
when thousands of southern men attempt to
destroy our national Government, notwith-
standing the diabolical attempt drenches our
whole land with blood and fills it with the
piercing wail of widows and orphans and costs
thousands of millions of treasure, neverthe-
less nobody can be tried for it. John Brown
did not dip deep enough into treason to make
it respectable. Had he managed to kill fifty
thousand men before they captured him, ac-
cording to the new theory, he would have stood
on too lofty a pedestal to have been taken
down a criminal. But for the life of me I can-
not see how the same Government that assisted
Virginia to convict John Brown can refuse to
try Jeff. Davis. If John Brown was held
responsible to the outraged law, why is not
likewise Jefferson Davis?
John Brown's surviving kindred can take to
their souls one flattering unction at least, to
wit, that he did not die in vain. I have again
and again seen thousands of Union soldiers
marching into battle singing—
"John Brown's body lies moldering in the grave,
While his soul goes marching on."
And they never failed to win the fight. There
is one man on this continent at the head of a
Government that has exhibited nerve enough
to rule. When usurpers and traitors are cap-
tured and convicted in Mexico we hear at one
and the same time of their stern sentence and
prompt execution. President Juarez, however,
is saluted for his signal exhibition of decision
and firmDess with howls of horror from the
same mercy-begging lips that are eternally
whining about the mercy due to Jeff. Why
do men professing to love liberty manifest an
interest so deep and strange in the fate of the
vaulting ambition of royalty when it presumes
to invade this republican continent and overleap
itself. "Has monarchical Governments friends
here whose sympathies are too keen to be re-
strained when tribulation overtakes a toppling
throne, and do they presumptiously propose to
educate the popular mind of men born free
on American soil to catch readily at excuses
to denounce republicanism and condole with
mourning nobility over executed emperors ? I
deplore, Mr. Speaker, such exhibitions of party
violence as have been again and again recently
exhibited on this floor. It serves to remind
me mournfully of the debates we had on this
floor just before the war. Rebels then used
very much such language as their friends em-
ploy here now; but it is to be deprecated for
better and higher reasons still, and one of them
is the consequences which legitimately flow
from it to the South. If the Democracy of the
North had not taken the South under its wing,
those States might and probably would have
been in the Union to-day. Well may the South
exclaim "gave us from our friends."
I trust, Mr. Speaker, that we will pass such
a bill as may be understood, properly con-
strued, and energetically executed, and that
when it is that it will leave the southern State
governments in the hands of men loyal and
true and forever prevent disloyal men from
employing power and place to foment treason.
It is not when they come, but how they come,
that is the all-important query with me. I
would be glad to welcome them back to-mor-
row if I were satisfied they were reorganized
right, but it is my intention to vote as long as
I have a vote here to keep them out until they
can come in on the broad basis of loyalty to
the Government. And when they can do that
I am willing to receive their representatives to
the Halls of our national Legislature, and will
assist to protect them against anything anywise
prejudicial to any of their legal rights or inter-
ests as States. I have seen quite enough of
carnage and private and national distress, and
long to see the day come again when we shall
be as peaceful, prosperous, and happy as we
were before that crawling serpent secession
sought to strangle us in our national cradle.
That day may soon come again if the South
will rise up sternly resolved that they will fol-
low Naaman through the Jordan of repentance
until the leprosy of treason and Democracy
shall be washed out of their political systems.
How much, they have been benefited by Ihe
sympathies of the Democracy they ought by
this time to be able to estimate and appreciate.
The hour they discover they possess the good
sense and courage to repudiate openly and
emphatically treason and embrace warmly and
sincerely loyalty, they will see dawn upon them
the bright morning of their regeneration and
deliverance.
The Right of Petition.
REMARKS OF HON. P. VAN TRUMP,
of ohio,
In the House of Representatives,
July 13, 1867.
Mr. Morgan presented a petition from the Legisla-
lature of the State of Arkansas, praying Congress
to appropriate the sum of $2,500,000 for the recon-
struction of the levees on the Mississippi river, in
the State of Arkansas, which had been swept away
by the floods. Mr. Ingei^soll objected to its recep-
tion upon the ground that there was no such State
as Arkansas, since its government was overthrown
by the violence of revolution, and that consequently
there could be no such body as the Legislature of
Arkansas.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Mr. Speaker, if one
could be at all astonished in this day of political
wonders, nothing could startle the mind more
than the fact that objection should be made to the
reception of a petition upon a legitimate subject
of legislation, and couched in respectful terms,
in a Congress of the Representatives of the
American people. But nil admirari is a pecu-
liar and appropriate maxim in times of revolu-
tion. Such extraordinary principles have been
avowed, such unheard-of measures have been
adopted by the dominant, I might well say,
rampant political party which holds uncon-
trolled'dominion in the Congress of the United
States, thus far sanctioned and upheld by the
people through the ballot-box, that the mind
has become paralyzed, all sensitiveness has
become dulled and stunned by the very excess
of usurpation and outrage. There seems to be
no end to wrong and oppression. The Repub-
lican party seems to have become absolutely
intoxicated with political power. A spirit of
hatred, of revenge, of blind and maddened
rage has usurped the province of calm reason,
of wise statesmanship, and of Christian charity.
The Republican mind is running in a groove
upon an iaclined plane, and seems to be utterly
powerless either to extricate itself from_ the
groove or check its downward career to disso-
