1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
17
40tii Cong. ... 1st Sess.
The Sight of Petition—Mr. Van Trump.
Ho. of Reps.
lution and destruction. If no other interests
were involved than that of its own existence,
if the great principles of the Constitution, the
public prosperity, and the peace of the country
were not involved and dragged along with it,
and threatened to be mingled in one common
and inevitable ruin, the calamity might be sup-
ported with some degree of equanimity, and
no overpowering regrets might be felt at the
results of such a headlong career. Whatever
is to be the result of this whirlwind of passion
and party rage,in whateverwayitis to influence
the future destiny of Government and people,
I hope that result will come quickly, and that
the intolerable suspense which now broods
over the country may at last be terminated.
Better, sir, far better will it be to know our
destiny, at once ; infinitely preferable will it be
to have even a fixed and regulated despotism
than this vibration between hope and fear, this
doubtful struggle between liberty regulated by
law and the spasmodic exercise of lawless power
through the revengeful action of an intolerant
and merciless party spirit.
Mr. Speaker, the question now before the
House upon the motion of the honorable gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Ikgersoll] is one
of the most extraordinary character which
could be presented to the consideration of the
Representatives of the American people;
though I might well hesitate to pronounce any-
thing extraordinary by way of distinctive pre-
eminence among the many startling subjects
of legislation which have engaged theattention
of- Congress for the past few years. What is
the proposition ? It is nothing less, sir, than
a motion to deny to free-born American citi-
zens the sacred right of petition secured to
them, if anything yet remains secure, by the
express provisions of the Constitution of their
country. I know, sir, that in these modern
days of advancement it is considered quite
unfashionable, if not vulgar and low-bred, to
speak of the Constitution in these Halls; I
know that the member upon this floor who
shall have the extremely bad taste to " offend
ears polite" with any ill-timed allusion to the
guarantees of that instrument, bought by the
best blood of the Revolution and breathed into
being by the spirit of compromise and conces-
sion, will be met with the supercilious sneers
of some, or the less sarcastic smiles of others
of our Republican friends on the other side of
the House; but, sir, this little band of men
who sit around me, and who are sent here by
as proud constituencies of freemen as were
ever represented in the halls of legislation, are
alike indifferent to your derision or reproach.
We had a most signal example of the venera-
tion in which the Constitution is held by gentle-
men in this House, exhibited on this floor here
to-day, amid the merriment and plaudits of
delighted members. When the honorable gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] re-
ported to the House the proceedings of the
conference committee on the military recon-
struction bill, in remarking upon the want of
pluck of Senators he observed "that some
fragments of the old, shattered Constitution
had stuck in their kidneys and troubled them
at night." I admire the candor, if I cannot
com mend the principles, of the distinguished
gentleman from Pennsylvania. He makes no
concealment of his views of the situation. He
makes no false pretenses of reverence for a
Constitution he does not recognize, and which
lie says no longer exists. Wo see rise from his
seat none of those magnificent balloons of con-
stitutional eloquence which distinguish some
of Our Republican friends when the divine
inspiration is upon them. He speaks of the
Constitution as a thing in the past; and all
fliat remains of it, as old, shattered fragments
of no other effect or influence except to trouble
weak-kneed Senators with the nightmare.
Sir, in my humble opinion, their troubleshave
only began ; in after years, when the voice of the
people shall have condemned them, the ghost
40th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 2.
of a violated Constitution, of duty contemned
and disregarded, of trusts sacrificed' and
trampled under foot, will rise up before them,
and, like the ghost of Banquo, will not "down"
at their bidding, but will hiss into their ears
•the "deep damnation of their taking off."
No, Mr. Speaker, we care not for jibes and
jeers. The Republican party is not our audi-
ence ; we speak to the country, and not to our
sneering opponents. We appeal to the people,
and not to those who are stricken with judicial
, blindness, and who are determined neither to
listen to admonition nor reflect upon the conse-
quences of their career. Sir, you propose by
this motion to strike down the right of petition.
Will honorable gentlemen consider what they
are about to do ? Have they forgotten the his-
tory of this question from the time of the Eng-
lish revolution, in 1G88, when it was irrevo-
cably established as a right in behalf of the peo-
ple of England against both Crown and Parlia-
ment, down to the present time, in the midst of
a revolution of quite another character? Have
they forgotten its history in this House ? Sir,
so careful were the people of this, among their
other omitted rights, that we find they were not
satisfied with the Constitution as originally
framed by the Convention, and adopted by the
several States until they had this great right, of
petition ingrafted upon it by amendment. The
Constitution, thus amended, declares that Con-
gress shall pass no law abridging the right of
the peojle " to petition the Government for a
redress of grievances." This very question,
too, was one of the leading causes enumerated
in the Declaration of Independence for colonial
resistance to the British Crown. And yet now,
upon this very floor, in a Congress whkih exists
alone under and by virtue of that Constitution,
the proposition is gravely made to reject a peti-
tion sent up by American citizens, couched in
proper ami respectful language, and upon a
subject not in the least objectionable either in
spirit or principle! Verily, verily, Mr. Speaker,
we have fallen upon remarkable times.
I have said, Mr. Speaker, that this is a con-
stitutional right. Now, how have our consti-
tutional writers and statesmen looked upon
this question? Thomas Erskine May, in his
able treatise on the Privileges and Usages of
Parliament, speaking of the right of petition,
says:
"The various communications between the several
branches of the Legislature, which have been de-
scribed in the last three chapters, lead to the con-
sideration of petitions, by which tho people are
brought into communication with tho Parliament.
The right of petitioning the Crown and Parliament
for redress of grievances is acknowledged as a fun-
damental piineiple of tlie constitution, and has been
uninterruptedly exercised from very early times. Be-
fore the constitution of Parliament had assumed its
present form, and while its judicial and legislative
functions wore ill-defined, petitions were presented
to the Crown and to the great councils of the realm
for the redress of those grievances which were be-
yond tho jurisdiction of the common law. There are
petitions in the Tower of tho date of Edward i,
before which time it is conjectured that the parties
aggrieve#came personally beiore the council or pre-
ferred their complaints in the country before inquests
composed of officers of the Crown."
It is quite a significant fact, Mr. Speaker,
that in the debates of the First Congress, in
1780, upon the proposed amendments to the
Constitution, and in relation to this very sub-
ject of the right of petition, some of the lead-
ing members questioned its incorporation into
the organic law of the land as wholly unneces-
sary and as an act of supererogation, for the
reason, as they claimed, that it existed in all
free Governments inherently as of common
right and as freely to be enjoyed by everybody
as the atmosphere they breathed. Mr. Sedg-
wick, in reply to a remark that it should be
incorporated upon the principle that it was a
right which belonged to the people, said that—
"If the committee were governed by that general
principle, they might have gone into a very lengthy
enumeration of rights; theymighthavc declared that
a man should have a right to wear his hat if he
pleased, that ho might get up when he pleased, and
go to bed when he thought proper; but he would ask
tho gentleman wliothor ho thought it necessary to
enter into these trifles in a declaration of rights
under a Government where none of them v- ere in-
tended to be infringed.''—1 Lloyd's JJebatoi, 197.
I suppose our friends on tho other side of
the House, and especially those coming from
New England districts, will hardly sneer at
Mr. Justice Story as an authority upon consti-
tutional law. In the second volume of his -
Commentaries on the Constitution, pages 67fi,
677, in speaking of the clause securing to the
people the right of petition, he says:
"This would seem unnecessary to be expressly pro-
vided for in a republican government, since it results
from the very nature of its structure and institutions.
It is impossible that it could be practically denied,
until the spirit of liberty wholly disappeared, and
the people had become so servile and debased as to
be unfit to exercise any of the privileges of free-
men."
_ Sir, this is certainly not a very flattering
picture of a people who would tamely submit
to the deprivation of this right. How long the
American people, to whatever political party
they may at present belong, are going quietly
to submit to these accumulating wrongs, and
to these persistent and continued infractions
of the Constitution, time and circumstances
can only determine.
Mr. Speaker, I repeat the question: do gen-
tlemen who now propose to deny to white Amer-
ican citizens the right of petition by sustaining
the motion to reject this memorial forget the
history of this question in this House, at least
so far as the northern States are concerned?
Have they forgotten the remarkable contro-
versy in this Hall growing out of the' position
of John Quincy Adams, who was the great
progenitor of their party in relation, at least,
to some of its earlier and less objectionable
principles, upon the right of even negro slaves
to petition the Congress of the United Stales?
And that, too, at a time when there was no
general or wide-spread fanaticism cither upon
the subject of the negro generally or of negro
slavery in particular ; at a time, sir, long ante-
rior to the apotheosis of the negro as the great
idol for white men to prostrate themselves
before in worshipful adoration as the highest
of political divinities? Has all this been for-
gotten, sir, or is it only disregarded?
Mr. Speaker, upon how flimsy and unten-
able a ground is put the objection to tho re-
ception of this petition 1 It is said by hon-
orable gentlemen that this petition ought not
to be received, because, as they assert, there
is no such body as the Legislature of the State
of Arkansas. What cogent reasoning, what
logical and irresistible argument! Do learned
and honorable gentlemen suppose this ques-
tion is to be argued and disposed of here like
a question of title before one of the judicial
tribunals of the country? It is wholly indif-
ferent by what name these memorialists call
themselves, or what character they assume,
official or private, so long as neither name nor
character imply an indignity or disrespect to
this House. It is wholly indifferent whether
they are negroes and call themselves white men,
or are white men and call themselves negroes;
whether they are Christians and call themselves
heathen, or are heathen and call themselves
Christian-, whether, as a fact, they are civil-
ized or savage, bond or free, so long as they
are amenable to tho laws of the country in
which'they are domiciled they are entitled to
tho great right of petition before the law-mak-
ing power which governs and controls them.
Such has been this right, as recognized in
England for nearly two centuries. Sir, I con-
sider it as one of the most remarkable charac-
teristics of the remarkable times in which we
live that the denial of this right of petition,
of prayer, of supplication, acknowledged every-
where in every constitutional Government upon
the face of the globe, has been reserved to be
exhibited in the great parliamentary body of
a nation claiming to be the freest on earth,
sitting under a written Constitution which ex-
pressly guaranties it to every human b'eitjg
over which it claims authority.
