18
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 13,
Ho. op-Reps.
The Right of Petition—Mr. Van Frump.
40th Cons.... 1st Sess.
But it is claimed that Arkansas is not a
State within the Union, and therefore this
petition ought to be rejected. Sir, I have had
neither time nor opportunity to prepare my
views upon this great and now all-absorbing
question. I shall, however, on some other
occasion claim to submit them, and I have no
doubt such occasion will occur hereafter, for
no man who understands or appreciates the
temper of the political majority of this Con-
gress can for a single moment believe that the
military bill now pending upon your table is
intended to be a finality of the wrongs and
oppressions against the people of the South.
Sir, I char<ge the facts to be that, in relation
to this idea of the extinction of States by
secession, the whole monstrous theory is an
after-thought of Radical republicanism since
the death of President Lincoln, a Jopted for the
purposes of revenge upon his successor and
the southern people, and seized upon for party
aggrandizement. We heard of no such sui-
cidal theory during the war. On the contrary,
sir, who does not know that from President
Lincoln down to the most insignificant expo-
nent of the principles of the party the clear
and distinct position was assumed that all the
States which had passed ordinances of seces-
sion were still in the Union, and would re-
main so unless they should be able, by the
final aibitramenl of the sword, to forcibly sepa-
rate themselves, for the reason that they had
no constitutional right to secede ? They put it
upon the'true ground, a question of force and
not of right. This position was constantly
asserted by every department of the Govern-
ment, and by every convention and every mem-
ber of the party during the whole progress of
the war. It is too late now, sir, for any gen-
tleman of this House to rise in his seat and
say the southern States are not in the Union.
The party stands too boldly committed against
any such ground as that to be able now, with
any show of decency, to shift their position to
the opposite extreme. So far as the State of
Arkansas is concerned the action of President
Lincoln was too distinct and unequivocal to
remain in doubt, or to be now questioned by any
member of the party who sustained him in the
administration of the Government during the
war. No gentleman on this floor will have, or
ought to have, any doubt as to the effect of the
following letter from the President of the
United States upon this subject:
. Executive Mansion,
Washington, January 20, 1804.
Major General Steele: Sundry citizens of the
State of Arkansas petition me that an oleetion may
bo held in that State, at which to elect a Governor;
that it be assumed at that election, and thencefor-
ward, that tho constitution and laws of the State, as
before the rebellion, are in full force, except that, the
constitution is so modified as to declare that there
shall bo neither slavery nor involuntary servitude,
except in the punishment of crimes whereof the
party sliall have been duly convicted; that the Gen-
eral Assembly may make such provisions for the
freed people as shall recognize and declare their per-
manent freedom, and provide for their education, and
which may yet be construed as a temporary arrange-
ment, suitable to their present condition as a labor-
ing, landless, and homele°s class; that said clcction
shall be hold on the 23th March, 1861, at all the usual
places of the State, for all such voters as may attend
for that purpose: that the voters attending at each
place at eight o'clock in the morning of said day may
choosejudges and clerks of election forthat purpose;
that all persons qualified by said constitulijn and
laws, and taking the oath presented in the Presi-
dent's proclamation of December 8,18(53, either be-
fore or at the election, and none others, may be
voters; that each set of judges and clerks may make
returns directly to you on or before the — day of
——-next; that in all other respects said election
may be conducted according to said modified consti-
tution andlaws; that on receipt of saidreturns, when
five thousand four hundred and six votes shall have
been cast, you can receive said votes, and ascertain
who sball thereby appear to have been elected; that
on the —- day of next, all persons so appearing
to have been elected, who shall appear before you nt
Little Rock and take the oath, to be by you severally
administered, to support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted Stales and the modified constitution of the State
of Arkansas, shall be declared by you qualified and
empowered to immediately enter upon the duties of
tho offices to which theysliall have been respectively
elected.
You will please order an election to take place
on the 28th of March, 1864, and retumsto be made in
fifteen days thereafter. „
A. LINCOLN.
Such, Mr. Speaker, were the views of Abra-
ham Lincoln, as President of the United
States, acquiesced in by his entire party, in-
relation to the status of the rebel States dur-
ing the war, even at a,time when the conti-
nent resounded with the roar of hostile cannon
and the tramp of mighty armies. I will not
enter into an argument now to show that
these views were correct. I simply present
them to the consideration of honorable gentle-
men on the opposite side of the House, to re-
mind them that their present position, at a
time when there is not a rebel's musket gleam-
ing in the sun from South Carolina to Texas,
and when a conquered peace reigns through-
out the land from Maine to Georgia, cannot
be reconciled with their position in 186JL Sir,
I need not reproduce here other clear official
recognitions of the fact that the southern
States were never potentially out of the Union,
and which have already been cited by my hon-
orable colleague, [Mr. Morgan.] Enough to
say that it is quite too late now for the so-
called Republican party to assume that,they
are out of the Union as States. Mr. Lincoln
always persistently claimed that unless they
had the constitutional right to secede they
never could withdraw except by the successful
force and power of arms, in the common pro-
cess of revolution ; and as to that position the
Democratic party held no dissimilar opinion.
Sir, I will notice one other significant but false
recognition by the Republican party of the fact
that the southern States are still legitimate sov-
ereignties within the Union. In looking over
the certificate of States ratifying the late
amendments to the Constitution of tho United
States, by the Secretary of State, with the broad
seal of the Union attached, and to which the
honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kelley] so much objects, I find the name of a
so-called State of the Union voting upon said
amendment, to which, I suppose, the honor-
able gentleman will not object. I mean, sir,
the so-called State of West Virginia. West
Virginia, by act of Congress, was attempted
to be erected into a State in July, lSii'2, one of
the most doubiful and desponding periods of
the war. In order to impart to it the semblance
of constitutional existence the huge legislative
mendacity was resorted to of reciting that it was
done with the consent of the sovereign legis-
lative authority of the State of Virginia. West
Virginia, indeed! What withering, irrepres-
sible scorn must any honest mind feel for the
miserable, inconsistent, and ridiculous assump-
tion which claims West Virginia to be a State
constitutionally within the Union, and that Ar-
kansas is a mere waif upon the sea of national
life, an unorganized colonial dependency out-
side of the Union. West Virginia, sir! she has
no constitutional home, no rightful, legal abid-
ing place in the great family of States f she is a
bastard Commonwealth, a merepolitical found-
ling, without a drop of constitutional blood in
her veins ; she is an illegitimate star in our
political constellaiion; she was conceived in
the sin and born in the iniquity of modern
radical republicanism ; and the whole rightful
constitutional theory of our confederate sys-
tem, the whole original framework of our
Government as designed by our fathers is dis-
turbed and dislocated by this horrid burlesque
of a State. And yet, sir, its erection, however
revolutionary and unconstitutional, when you
look to the animus and mode of its accom-
plishment, as against those who perpetrated
the outrage, is a clear and unequivocal rec-
ognition of the fact that Old Virginia was and
is a State within the Union, unshorn of any of
its original sovereignty.
Mr. Speaker, these memorialists, as citizens
of the United States and of the State of Ar
kansas, not only have the clear and unequivo-
cal constitutional right to petition the Congress
of the United States; but there are other rea-
sons, outside of the naked question of right,
why their claim to be heard before the Repre-
sentatives of the people in this mode should
be favorably and equitably considered. And I
limit my proposition to the claim of being heard
only, because I do not intend now to commit
myself upon the merits of their case as being
entitled tQ the relief they seek at our hands. I
ask gentlemen on the other side of the House
not to forget that they always claimed, during
the war, Arkansas to be one of the seceded
States holding a large Union sentiment within
her borders. The history of her secession will
not controvert this proposition. On the IGth
day of January, 1861, the Legislature of Ar-
kansas passed an act calling a convention.
That law was submitted to tho people for rati-
fication or rejection, and 27,412 votes were cast
for it and 15,826 against it. That convention
met on the 4th day of March, 1861, the day of
the inauguration of Abraham Lincoln as Presi-
dent of the United States. An ordinance of
secession was put to vote in convention on the
18th day of March, 18G1, at a time when Mr.
Lincoln, from the spirit of his inaugural address
and other manifestations, was considered to be
quite conservative in his views in relation to the
very critical condition of the country, and the
ordinance was defeated by a vote of 39 to 35.
The fatal meeting of the northern Governors
took place immediately thereafter, and a new
policy was inaugurated in the North. It was
not, however, until hostilities had commenced
between the two sections, and the stern reali-
ties of war actually existed between them, that
the Arkansas convention, on the 6th day of May
following, passed the ordinance of secession.
Mr. Speaker, when I propounded the ques-
tion on last evening to the honorable gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] as to
whether the presentation to the Legislature of
Arkansas of the law of Congress to amend the
Constitution of the United States was not a
most solemn recognition that Arkansas was a
State in the Union his reply was ingenious,
but not satisfactory. He claimed that that act
of Congress was never rightfully or constitu-
tionally presented to the Legislature of Arkan-
sas, because the Secretary of State of the Uni-
ted States had no authority from Congress to
so prevent it. Will the gentleman say that
Mr. Seward was directed by Congress not to
so present it? I think he will hazard no such
assertion. I have not had the time, Mr.
Speaker, to look into the debates upon the
passage of this law to amend the Federal Con-
stitution ; but I here venture the remark, that
in all those debates, fully participated in by the
gentleman himself, there cannot be found a
single word or the slightest intimation that it
was to be presented to only a certain number
of prescribed States for ratification or rejec-
tion. If that was the State of facts as to the
passage of this law, I know the gentleman is
too good a lawyer to controvert the proposi-
tion that the judicial construction to be put
upon such state of case would be that it was to
apply to all tho States, and not be restricted
to a portion only, not named in the act itself.
The honorable gentleman seemed to be in-
spired with the spirit of prophecy as to what
will be the decision of the supreme judicial
tribunal of the land upon the question whether
that law was rightfully and constitutionally pre-
sented to the States then lately in rebellion by
the Secretary of State for their ratification or
rejection. Sir, I am neither a prophet nor the
son of a prophet, nor am I at all of kin to any of
the astrological race : but I have no fears as to
what that decision will be, after the late deter-
mination of the Georgia and Mississippi cases
in the Supreme Court of the United States, if
I rightfully apprehend the true ground of those
decisions. The point of those decisions, as
I understand it, is that a State has no legal
capacity to sue the United States ; or perhaps it
may be more correctly stated that the Supreme
