20
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 11,
Senate.
Reconstruction—Mr. Davis.
40tii Cons....1st Sess.
himself, or his subordinate military officers, to
establish, organize, and administer the military
government. When the conquered country is
ceded by treaty to the United States, as in case
of California and New Mexico, and becomes
sufficiently tranquil to admit civil government,
then Congress may interpose and organize a
civil government, which will supersede and dis-
place the military government erected by the
President. These are the principles of the
Constitution, and they are recognized by the
highest authority, the Federalist, Story's Com-
mentaries on the Constitution, and decisions of
the Supreme Court of the United States.
I will read from the 74th number of the Fed-
eralist, written by Hamilton:
"' The President of the United States is to be Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of the United
States, and of the militia of the several States when
called into the actual service of the United States.'
The propriety of this provision is so evident, and it
is at the same time so consonant to the precedents ot
the State constitutions in general, that little need be
said to explain or enforce it. Even those of them
which hare in other rcspects coupled the Chief
Magistratcwith a council haveforthe most part con-
centrated the military authority in him alone. Of all
the cares or concerns of government, the direction
of war most peculiarly demands those qualities which
distinguish the exercise of power by a single hand.
The direction of war implies the direction of the com-
mon strength; and the power of directing and em-
ploying the common strength forms an usual and
essential part in tho definition of tho exeoutivo
authority."
Story, in his Commentaries on the Constitu-
tion, section 1434, quotes the provision of the
Constitution in these words:
"The first clause of the second section is: 'The
President shall bo Commander-in-Chief of the Army
and Navy of the United States, and of the militia of
the several States when called into actual service of
tho United States.'"
The commentator then proceeds:
"The command and application of the public force
to execute tho laws, to maintain peace, and to resist
foreign invasion arc powers so obviously of an ex-
ecutive nature, and require tho exercise of «ualities
so peculiarly adapted to this department, that a well-
organized Government can scarcely exist when they
are taken away from it. Of all the cares and con-
cerns of government the direction of war most pecu-
liarly demands those qualities which distinguish the
exercise of power by a single hand. Unity of plan,
promptitude, activity, and decision arc indispensa-
ble to success; and these can scarcely exist, except
when a single magistrate is mtrustjd exclusively
with the power. Even the coupling of the authority
of an executive council with him in the exercise of
such powers enfeebles the system, divides thcrespon-
sibility, and not unfrequcntb" ueleats every energetic
measure. Timidity, indccision, obstinacy, and pride
of opinion must mingle in all suc-h councils, and in-
fuse a torpor and sluggishness, destructive of all mili-
tary operations. Indeed, there would seem to belittle
reason to enforcc the propriety of giving this power
to the executive department, (whatever may bo its
actual organization,) since it is in exact coincidence
with the provisions of our State constitutions, and
therefore seems to be universally deemed safe, if not
vital, to tho system."
I will next read from the case relied upon
by the honorable chairman of the Judiciary
Committee, Cross vs. Harrison, reported in
1G Howard, 104. What 1 read will sufficiently
explain the questions that arose in that case, and
were decided by the court, and which decision I
now rely upon. I read from page ISO:
"California, or tho port of San Francisco, had been
conquered by tho arms of tho United States as early
as 1816. Shortly afterward tho United States had
military possession of all ol Upper California. Early
in 1817 the President, as constitutional Commander-
in-Chief of the Army and Navy, authorized tho mil-
itary and naval commander of our forces in Califor-
nia to exercise the belligerent rights of a conqueror,
and to form a civil government for tho conquered
country, and to impose duties on imports and ton-
nage as military contributions for tho support of the
Government and of the Army which had tho con-
quest in possession. We will add, by way of note to
this opinion, references to all of the correspondence
ot the Government upon this subject; now only
referring to the letter of the Secretary of War to
General Kearney, of the 10th of May, 1817, which was
accompanied with a tariff of duties on imports and
tonnage, which had been prepared by the Secretary
of the Treasury with forms of entry and permits for
landing goods; all of which was reported by the Sec-
retary to the President on tho 30th of March, 1817.
(Senate Document No. 1, first session Thirtieth Con-
gress, 1847, pages5S7,583.) No onecan doubt that these
orders of tho President, and the action of our Army
and Navy commander in California in conformity
with them, were according to the law of arms and tho
right of conquest, or that they were operative until tho
ratification and exchange ot a treaty of poace. Such
would bethecase upon general principlesin respectto
war and peace between nations. In this instance it is
recognized by the treaty itself. Nothing is stipu-
lated in that treaty to be binding upon the parties to
it, or from the date of the signature ot the treaty, but
that commissioners should do appointed by the (ien-
eral-in-Chief of the forces of the United States, with
such as might be appointed by the Mexican Govern-
ment, to make a provisional suspension of hostilities,
that in the places occupied by our arms, constitu-
tional order might be reestablished as regards the
political, administrative, and judicial branches in
those places, so far as that might be permitted by the
circumstances of military occupation."
Now, sir, what did the orders of ike Presi-
dent referred to in this opinion do ? What was
the character and nature of those orders ? Cali-
fornia had been conquered by the arms of the
United States. In perfect conformity to the
rights of the conqueror, this decision recites
that the President of the United States ordered
the highest commanders of the Army and Navy
of the United States operating in that country
to form a military government with civil pow-
ers, and among those civil powers was the
establishment of a system of impost duties and
their collection. This decision says'that these
orders of the President, and the action of those
officers under the orders, were in strict con-
formity to national law, and that this military
government, with the adjunct of civil powers
in that foreign conquered country, thus created
by the direction and orders of the President of
the United States to his subordinates, was in
strict conformity to the laws of conquest and
of nations. That is true. In another portion
of this opinion, speaking ©f the conduct of
Colonel Mason, who was the highest military
commander there, and who acted under these
orders of the President, the court say ;
" His position was unlike anything that had pre-
ceded it in the history of our country. The view
taken of it by himself has been given in tho statement
in tbe beginning of this opinion. It was not without
its difficulties, both as regards the principle upon
which he should act and the actual state of affairs in
California. Ho knew that the Mexican inhabitants
of it had been remitted by the treaty of peace to those
municipal laws and usages which prevailed among
them before the territory had been ceded to the
United States; but that a state of things and popula-
lation had grown up during tho war, and after the
treaty of peace, which made some other authority
necessary to maintain the rights of tho ceded inhabit-
ants and of immigrants from misrule and violation,
lie may not have comprehended fully tho principle
applicable to what he might rightly do in such a case,
but he felt rigtitly and acted accordingly. He deter-
mined, in the absence of all instruction, to maintain
the existing government.
"The territory had been ceded as a conquest and
was to be preserved and governed as such until the
sovereignty to which it had passed had legislated for
it. The sovereignty was tho United States, under the
Constitution, by which power bad been giveh to Con-
gress to dispose and make all needful rules and regu-
lations respecting the territory or other property
belonging to the United States, with the power also
to admit new States into this Union, with only such
limitations as aro expressed in the section in which
tliis power is given. Tho government of which Col-
onel Mason was the executive had its origin in the
lawful exercise ot a belligerent right over a con-
quered territory. It h;id been instituted during the
war by the command of the President of the United
States. It was the government when the Territory
was ceded as a conquest, and it did not cease as a
matter of course, or as a nccessary consequence of a
restoration of peace. The President might have dis-
solved it by withdrawing the Army and Navy officers
who administered it, but ho dnUnotdo so. Congress
could have put an end to it, but that was not done.
The right inference from the inaction of both is that
it was meant to be eoxiiinued until it had been legis-
latively changed."
I read from this decision for the purpose of
establishing two positions: *
1. When a foreign country is conquered by
the arms of the United States, immediately
upon the conquest and tho acquisition of the
possession by our Army the President, as Com-
mander-in-Chief, may order, under the rights of
conquest, the organization of such a military
government, with civil powers, as may be neces-
sary for the country and its inhabitants.
2. That this military government continues
until the President ends it by withdrawing the
military commanders who are chargcd with its
administration ; or until Congress, after the title
to the country is acquired, has taken up the sub-
ject and has provided a civil government to
supersede the military government. In support
of these positions, see also Ameiican Insurance
Company against Carter, 1 Peters, 542; United
States vs. Gratiot, 14 Peters, 526.
And, sir, the_ President of the United States
is Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy
in our country in time of peace in the exe-
cution of the laws of the Union, suppress-
ing insurrections, repelling invasions, and pro-
tecting the States against domestic violence.
Wherever the military forces of the country
may be, or whatever kind of service engaged
in, the President has its exclusive and abso-
lute control and direction in all its operations.
In the suppression of insurrection and rebel-
lion the President moves and directs the armies
and navies according to his own judgment and
will, and may head them in person, or command
them by his subordinate military and naval offi-
cers. If the insurgents, by force of arms, expel
the laws and authorities of the United States
from a State, or several States, or a smaller
district of country, and the President orders
the United States military forces to move upon
and suppress those insurgents, and their cap-
tivity or expulsion ensue, and the work is com-
plete and perfect, and the violent and disor-
ganized condition of things is put down and
rectified, and no obstacles to the resumption
of the former and normal state of things re-
main, the deposed government authorities and
relations spring up spontaneously in the State
or States, as do the government and authori-
ties of a city in which they have been over-
thrown and held in a state of suspension for
days by a dominating mob. But things may
not be in a condition for a prompt restoration
of the loyal government after the suppression
of the usurped one; and order, tranquillity,
and the protection of the inhabitants may
require the longer occupation of the country by
the military forces, and something beside, and
what? A temporary government. But the
condition of things is too troublous for the
existence and administration of a civil govern-
ment, and a military government supported and
enforced by the power of the Army alone is pos-
sible. What authority is to decide when and
where such a military government is necessary ?
What but the Commander-in-Chief of the mili-
tary power ? What authority is to organize this
military government? The same Commander-
in-Chief, part of whose command is to consti-
tute and uphold that government. The idea of
Congress organizing a military government for
the Army in a country that can be held by it
alone, and on the theater of its operations, is
not only inappropriate but preposterous, and is
against all principle and all practice. Men of
the Army would constitute personnel of this
government, and what power has Congress to
order the military commander to make such
detail; and suppose he was to refuse to make
it, what then ?
But when made, and the military government
is organized, who is to control and administer
it? Who is to supervise its operations and
correct them when wrong, Congress or the
President? Whence does Congress derive such
a power ? There are provisions in the bills on
this subject pending in both Houses, the obvi-
ous purposes of which are to divest the Presi-
dent of a portion of this power and vest it in
the General of the Army and the five military
satraps commanding in the southern States,
some of whom show a very willing disposition
to throw off their subordination to the Presi-
dent, their Commander-in-Chief, and to become
the supple tools of Congress. No fitter sub-
jects for a court-martial and to be cashiered
than they. Does not the Constitution read:
" The executive power shall be vested in a
President of the United States of America;"
and " he shall take care that the laws be faith-
fully executed?'' Does not the Constitution
also declare: "The President shall be Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of the
United States?" He is the constitutional
superior, head, and director of both tin1 civil
