22
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 20,
Ho. or Reps.
Veto Message—Mr. Lawrence.
40th Cong.... 1st Sess.
In the former message he raises the question
"whether the refusal of Congress to guaranty
the payment of the debts of these [the rebel]
States, after having displaced or abolished
their State governments, would not be viewed
as a violation of good faith and a repudiation
by the national Legislature of liabilities which
these States had justly and legally incurred."
And he tolls us this question "is worthy the
consideration of Congress and the country."
This, sir, is truly extraordinary language to
come from the Executive of the nation; and
if it carried with it any measure of that intel-
lectual weight which would be appropriate to
the high official from which it proceeds it
might well startle the nation. He is of opinion
that such a question of liability exists, that it is
"worthy the consideration of Congress and the
country and his language implies—if it has
any consistent meaning whatever—that his own
mind is under the influence of the notion that
the legal logic of the existing situation is, that
the United States has become liable for the
preexisting debts of the rebel States to which
he alludes, amounting, as he supposes, to about
one hundred million dollars.
Sir, Mr. Johnson has but to follow up the
logical sequence of his ideas here expressed or
implied and to take one more step in the same
direction in order to bring him to an open and
explicit recommendation that these debts of
the rebel States be assumed and paid by the
Genera^ Government. He thinks the question
' of liability is an open and not a foreclosed one,
and that it is " worthy the consideration of Con-
gress and the country'' whether the refusal of
Congress to guaranty the payment of these
debts would not be a " violation of good faith''
on the part of the nation; and the ground of
his opinion is, that Congress has "displaced
or abolished" what lie terms the " State gov-
ernments" of the rebel States—meaning the
wretched, disloyal, unauthorized governments
which he, without any warrant from the Con-
stitution and in the exercise of usurped pow-
ers, hastened to establish over these States in
the absence of Congress.
Not in the political history of the world is
there to be found a position more utterly un-
tenable and absurd, or more pernicious to the
liberties of the people had it been allowed to
prevail, than that assumed by Mr. Johnson
after the surrender of the rebels, and obstinately
adhered to by him to this very hour.
Tn his proclamations forthe reestablishment
of State governments in the rebel States he cor-
rectly declared that the rebellion in its revolu-
tionary progress had deprived the people of those
States of "all civil government;" he correctly
declared it was the duty of the President "to
take care that the laws be faithfully executed ;"
and he referred to the right source of power when
h<?*oited the fourth section of the fourth article
of the Constitution, providing that "theUnited
States shall guaranty to every State in the Union
a republican form of government."
His first amazing and unaccountable blunder
was that he mistook himself for the United
States, and read the guarantying clause of the
Constitution as if it literally said " the Presi-
dent [not the United States] shall guaranty,"
&c. His next and kindred capital blunder
was his assumption that it was not only his
duty "to take care that the laws be faithfully
executed," but that he had power to prescribe
or set up fundamental institutions or laws for
the disorganized States of the Union.
Arrogating to himself these gigantic law-
making powers, which by their very nature in
ho wise pertain to the Executive as such, which
the Constitution nowhere confers upon him,
but carefully withholds from him by reserving
thornto the legislative disposing power of the
"United States," he presumed to take into
his own hands and to subject to the poor, falli-
ble judgment of a single individual the immense
work of restoring civil order and guarantying
republican governments in the disorganized
Slate-; of the Union.
What though the question arose as to what
is a republican government? He alone would
determine it! What though the question arose
as to whether the loyal people of the South
should enjoy the blessings of liberty and equal
laws or be crushed down beneath the iron
heel of the defeated rebels ? He alone would
determine it! What though the question arose
as to whether these States should be organized
upon loyal principles and a loyal basis or
revamped out of the hostile debris of the
defeated rebel class ? He alone would deter-
mine it! After the rebellion had stricken
down more than a half million of loyal citi-
zens and imposed a debt of $3,000,000,000
upon the labor of the country, what though
the question arose as to what great guarantees
were needed by the nation in order to guard
the interests and the blood of its people and to
make its own life secure in the future ? He
alone would determine what they should be!
Mean time, according to the presidential idea,
the representative bodies of the nation—the
honorable Senate of the United States and this
honorable House—should have sat supinely
by, abdicating their powers, abandoning their
sacred duties, and tamely registering his im-
perious decrees! Had Congress submitted to
this it would have been guilty of a betrayal of
the people unequaled in a free country, and
covered itself with an infamy which historj'
would have blushed to record.
Setting at nought these monstrous assump-
tions on the part of the Executive, Congress
has proceeded in the discharge of its duty to
the nation and to posterity. In the face and
teeth of the President it has provided the great
and vitally-needed guarantees of liberty, of
material interest, and future national safety,
which are embodied in the constitutional
amendment pending before the country. It
has enacted statutes of reconstruction, which
have restored order and given protection to the
friends as well as the enemies of the Union in
the South—statutes which will lead to the
creation of governments in those States based
upon broad principles of liberty, friendly to
the Government of the United States, and fitted
safely to resume the cast-off relation of repre-
sentation and political power in the Union.
And, as a matter of course, it has provided
for the complete subordination and ''displace-
ment" of those little arrangements of the
President which he, without any more author-
ity than he has over the moon, had built up
out of the defeated rebel element. Infatuated
with the one fixed idea that for all purposes of
reconstruction the representatives of the people
should stand aside; that for all these great
purposes the text of the Constitution should be
read ^ "'Andrew Johnson" in place of the
"United States," he obstinately sticks to the
assertion that those little, unwarranted, dis-
loyal affairs of his, are sound, proper, constitu-
tional State governments. Vitiated by this
absurd assumption, from which his reasonings
proceed and on which his conclusions are
based, the entire superstructure he builds is a
huge sophism and folly.
Veto Message.
SPEECH OF HON. W. LAWRENCE,
of ohio,
In the House of Kepresentatives,
July 20,1867,
On tlie President'sweto message.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
I propose as briefly as I can to consider some
features of the veto message, to show that its
positions are not well taken, and that the only
remedy for the evils that afflict the country is
the impeachment and removal of the President,
for which there is abundant cause. I will not
discuss all the causes already known to the pub-
lic, much less those locked up in the evidence
taken before the Judiciary Committee, which,
when revealed, will speak for itself in a man-
ner not to be mistaken.
And first, as to the veto message.
By the two acts of Congress of the 2d and
23d March last provision is made for the reor-
ganization of civil State governments in ten of
the rebel States. The bill now vetoed is sup-
plementary to those acts, and is designed to
carry out their purposes.
The President states two features of this bill
to which he objects. He says :
"It is declared that the intent of these acts was:
First, that the existing governments in the ten 'rebel
States' 'were not legal State governments;' and sec-
ond, 'that thereafter said governments, if continued,
were to be continued subject in all respects to the
military commanders of the respective districts and
to the paramount authority of Congress.'"
Now, sir, I affirm " that the existing govern-
ments in the ten rebel States are not legal State
governments," and that Congress in continuing
them temporarily as provis/ional governments"1
has the right, and it is their duty, to make them
by law "subject in all respects to the military
commanders and to the paramount authority
of Congress."
In seven of the ten rebel States the existing
State governments are illegal, because they are
creations resulting from executive usurpation
in flagrant violation of the Constitution, and
the crime of the-President is all the more glar-
ing and palpable because of his persistent rec-
ognition of those illegal creations and the de-
nial of the rightful power of Congress to control
the work of reorganization, and still more by
the corrupt exercise of power and omission of
duties by the President in support of this usurp-
ation and denial. The remaining three of the
ten State governments are illegal because not
authorized or ratified by Congress.
In proof of all this I appeal to historical
facts and to the Constitution. Duringtheyears
1860 and 1861 eleven of the States adopted
ordinances or acts of secession purporting to
withdraw them from the Union. The seceding
States were organized into a confederacy called
the confederate States of America, with Jeffer-
son Davis as president, with a Congress, and
all the forms of government, in many respects
similar to that of the United States. The pre-
existing loyal State governments were super-
seded by State organization acknowledging
allegiance to the confederacy and requiring of
all State officers an oath to support the consti-
tution of the rebel State and the confederate
States. Thus a rebellion against the Govern-
ment of the Union was organized, which, after
more than four years of war, was suppressed
by the capture of Jefferson Davis May 10 and
the surrender of the last rebel army, May 26,
1865, when flagrant war ceased.
Prior to this the rebel State organizations
having been practically overthrown in all or
large portions of Tennessee and Ark^jsas, the
loyal people in each by voluntary conventions,
held in pursuance of no law, organized loyal
State governments in the mere exercise of the
right of petition to Congress for recognition as
lawful State governments. (House Mis. Doc.
55, first session Thirty-Ninth Congress.) But
the power of reorganization did not revert to
the people, because it was "delegated to the
United States." (Art. 10 Amendments to
Const.; 1 Blackstone Com., 162; Coke Litt.,
1-3; Angel on Corp., see. 766; Glover on
Municipal Corp., 408.) When the State gov-
ernments were destroyed their powers ceased
and the right of reorganization vested in Con-
gress.^ (Copst., art. 4, sec. 4.)
A joint resolution of Congress restoring
Tennessee to her relations in the Union was
passed and approved July 24, 1866. This is
the only one of the rebel States restored.
In the_ western counties of the original State
of Virginia a voluntary convention, held at
Wheeling in 1861, in pursuance of no statute,
organized a new State government, purporting
to be for the whole of the State, but which
was put in operation over only a portion of it.
