186*7.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
27
40th Cons. ..1st Sess.
Veto Message—Mr. Latvrence.
Ho. of Reps.
ure, his conduct encouraged the rebels to mur-
der in cold blood unoffending citizens in the
exercise of their peaceful rights.*
Professing to regard Louisiana as a regularly
organized State, he in violation of the Consti-
tution! authorized-the attorney general of that
State, a notorious rebel, to call on the national
military authorities to aid in the work of sup-
pressing a lawful and loyal assemblage of the
people,^ and though there was "an absolute
massacre," "a murder without necessity,'!||
by a rebel mob in New Orleans, no one of the
guilty perpetrators has ever been brought to
justice or punishment.
While thus giving encouragement to rebels to
suppress a loyal and lawful assemblage he re-
fused! military aid when demanded by the
Governor of Tennessee^ to preserve the peace
and execute the laws. Assuming the right to
require illegal conventions to be held in seven
States at his pleasure, he denied the right of a
legal convention to be held in Louisiana.
While many thousands of loyal citizens, in-
cluding freedmen, were murdered without cause
by rebels during his work of reorganization
the President failed to cause the guilty perpe-
trators to be arrested, tried, or punished, and
forcibly dissolved a military commission in Vir-
ginia sitting for the trial of an acknowledged
murderer whom the civil authorities failed to
punish, and he is to-day at large and unmo-
lested. **
He has brought reproach upon himself and
degraded the dignity of his office by indecent
harangues to the people and denounced Con-
gress as "a body called or which assumes to
bis the Congress of the United States, while
in fact it is a Congress of only a part of the
States, "ft
And finally, under his administration, Jef-
ferson Davis—the greatest criminal of the ago
except Andrew Johnson himself—is at large,
never to reccivc the punishment due to his
*House Report 30,first session Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress. joint Committeeon Reconstruction; House Re-
port 101, first session Thirty-Ninth Congress, ilem-
phis riols and massacres; House Report 16, second
pinion Thirty-Ninth Congress, New Orleans riote;
House Ex. Doc. 72, second session Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, not at Norfolk: House Ex. Doc.OS, sccond ses-
sion Thirty-Ninth Congress, message and documents
'on New Orleans riots; House Report 23, second ses-
sion Thirty-Ninth Congress, murder of Union sol-
diers; Senate Ex. Doc. 2, first session Thirty-Ninth
Congress.
t Constitution, art. 4, sec. 4.
£ House Ex. Doc. OS, second session Thirty-Ninth
Congress, p. 5; House KeportlO, second session Thir-
ty-^S'intli Congress.
li IIouso Ex. Doc. OS, second session Thirty-Ninth
Congiess, p. 11. !
'i Telegram July 17,1866.
5 Nashville, Tennessee, July 17, ISfiO.
Lieutenant General Gra^t, Washington :
• Some of the members of the House of Representa-
tives of the Tennessee General Assembly conduct
themselves in a very refractory manner, absenting
themselves to prevent a quorum, thus obstructing
business. The Governor cannot manage them with
the means at his disposal, and has applied to mo for
military assistance. Shall 1 furnish it?
GEORGE II. THOMAS,
Major General Commanding.
The following answer was immediately given:
Washington, July 17,1866.
General Grant will instruct General Thomas that
the facts stated in his telegram do not warrant inter-
ferencoof military authority. Theadministrationof
the peace in Nashville belongs properly to the State
authorities, and the duty of the United States forces
is not to interfere in any way in the controversy be-
tween the political authorities and the State, and
General Thomas will strictly abstain from any mtcr-
leraieo between them.
E. M. STANTON.
Secretary of IWtr.
Military commission for trial of James L. Wat-
son dissolved December 21,1866.
tt Speech August 18,1S0(3, on receiving proceedings
of the Philadelphia convention.—JfnPhrrsoii'/i Man-
ual/or 1866-67, p. 127.
I have s^id enough to prove that the existing
State governments in ten of the rebel States
were illegally created by executive usurpa-
tion and that the President is guilty of high
crimes and misdemeanors deserving impeach-
ment.
The lt President's policy" finds no sanction
in that of his predecessor. Mr. Lincoln never
did 41 during his administration submit to his
Cabinet any plan for the reorganization of the
rebel States." Neither he nor his Cabinet ever
had any plan matured. The time had not
arrived when it was practicable. He did in-
deed appoint military governors who u ranked
as brigadier generals in the United States ser-
vice"* and were proper military officers! con-
firmed by the Senate as such. i'There was a
difference both of time and circumstance"
between what was done by the two Presi-
dents.
" Military governors were appointed during
the war, and provisional governors after that."
The former were clothed with military power
and charged with military duties; the latter
were civil officers not appointed "by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate," and
were charged with civil duties.
The " restored governments" of Virginia,
of Tennessee, and of Arkansas was the volun-
* Order of September 29,1862.
f House Mis. Doc. 55, first session Thirty-Ninth
Congress; Houso Report 16, second session Thirty-
Ninth Congress, p. 37.
President Lincoln appointed the following military
governors:
Andrew Johnson, Tennessee, March 3,1862; nom-
inated to the Senate March 4, 1862, and confirmed
same day.
Edward Stanley, North Carolina, May 19, 1862;
resigned January 15,1S63.
John S. Phelps, Arkansas, July 19, 18C2; nomin-
ated to the Senate January 10,1863; appointment
revoked July 9,1833.
George P. Shelley, Louisiana, June 3, 1S62; nom-
inated to the Senate January 9,1863, and March 9,
1863; confirmed March 11,1863; resignation accepted
June 10,1805.
A. J. Hamilton, Texas, November 14,1802; nomin-
ated to the Senate January 7,1864; confirmed April
1, JbGl; resignation acceptcd June, 1805.
On the 6th of June, 1862, a resolution was intro-
duced into the Senate having reference to the
appointment more especially, it would seem, oi Gov-
ernor Stanley, whose duties were rather civil than
military, in which is declared the office "a post
unknown to the Constitution and laws of the Union."
(Globe, vol. 59, pp. 24-17, 2596.)
When the Army appropriation bill was under dis-
cussion in the Senate in January, 1863. Mr. Trumbull
offered an amendment prohibiting the payment of
money from the Treasury " as salary foi or on account
of services" to two classes of persons, when the4* office
or employment is not authorized by some existing
law." To wit:
1. '"Any person acting or assuming to act as an
officer, civil, military, or naval."
2. " Or in any other capacity in the service of the
Government.'-'
Mr. Pbssexdex objected to this discussing both
classes. As to persons other than officers he said;
"In time of war there may be many persons in the
employ of Government whose employment is not
recognized by any existing law, and in the nature
of thinss cannot be/' * x * * "It is
for that purpose that we provide a contingent fund
for the uoe of the Secretary of War/'
Ho then discussed that part of the amendment
relating to officers or persons assuming to act as such,
and said:
" It applies to another class of men. For instance,
there have been some civil appointments made in
the nature of civil offices, and they have undoubt-
edly been paid out of the contingent fund/'* " *
* * "Take the case of Governor Stanley, of
North Carolina. That is not a military appoint-
ment." "I suppose it isnot the
intention of the Senator in offering the amendment
to limit the Secretary of War with reference to the
discretion ho has over the contingent fund,'' *
* "• "and it would be proper" *
*■ •" "if the amendment should be adopted^
to express it. If it applies to the contingent fund, I
suggest to the Senator that he could not possibly
give it that extent without creating very seriou3
embarrassment." * * * * Js
"Mr. Trumbull. I will modify it in that respect
so as not to apply to the employment of person*, but
confine it to officers."
"Mr. Wilson. Then that objection is to be
avoided."
And referring to the case of Mr. Stanley, he added:
* " We have some other officers that have not been
appointed according to law/' *
"I think we should arrest [ill these appointments.
That is my judgment about it, and I am willing to
tarv work of the people. * The work of reor-
ganization in Louisiana,f inaugurated by a
major general of the Army, was a legitimate
means of suppressing rebellion, but could not
authorize permanent civil government unless
ratified by Congress.
President Lincoln's proclamations of De-
cember 8, 1863, and July 8, 1864, were made
during flagrant war as war measures to induce
the people to return to loyalty and not assuming
to create valid permanent civil governments.
He never did, like President Johnson, declare
any State u restored in conformity with the"
Constitution. President Lincoln merely invit-
ed the voluntary action of the people ; but he
declared that whether members sent to Con-
gress from any State shall be admitted to seats
constitutionally rests exclusively with the re-
spective Houses and not to any extent with
the Executive." In the proclamation of July
8, 1864, he said he was "unprepared" "to
be inflexibly committed to any single plan of
restoration," and Congress has found it neces-
sary to change the plan provided in the recon-
struction laws as circumstances pointed out
the necessity.
No precedent can sanctify the flagrant usurp-
ations of Andrew Johnson.
If the House of Representatives has not the
power or shrinks from the duty of preferring
articles of impeachment for the repeated
crimes and misdemeanors of which the Presi-
dent has been guilty, then is the Constitution a
failure or the Representatives of the people
will voluntarily imperil civil liberty forever by
a precedent which may give immunity to
unlimited executive usurpation hereafter.
A. successful impeachment in a proper ease
for a justifiable cause would be the crowning
triumph of republican government, demon-
strating that revolution is not. nsin monarchies,
the remedy for usurpations, and teaching nil
future Presidents that they are amenable to
the Senate and the nation for every attempt
to violate the laws or subvert the Constitu-
tion.
I proceed to notice some of she fallacies of
the veto message. /Ihe President ai/cues that
the existing Slate governments in the rebel
States are legal, because—
"During that period, whilst thee States were in
actual rebellion, and after that rebellion was bru-if lit
vote for this amendment if it is so frnmcd that it
will only affect this class of cases."— Globe IS&i-u.),
vol. 61, p. 565.
The amendment was so framed ns to prohibit the
appointment of provisional governois (charged ■■"•itli
civil duties like those appointed by Pre<-id"n I J'>V -
son) or the payment of their salaries oui of throui-
tingent fund or otherwise, and there it s^inds lo-
day a part of the act of IVbruaiy 9, lbJ3. ^3ec Globe
1S61-62, vol. GO, pp. 3091, 3133.
On 2°>th September, 1862. it wa«
"Ordered, That the nulitarv governors Appointed
by the War Department ior Suites and Te;r:tor-(s
shall be uniformed and rank as brigadier ^enentlo in
tho United States service/'
The appointment of brigadier generals requires
the "advice and consent of the Senate."
The duties devolved on these officers funle^ Stan-
ley be an exception) were purely military, and un-
like the provisional governors appointed by President
Johnson.
""The appointment of Andrew Johnson as military
Governor ot Tennessee, made after ho was confirmed
as a brigadier general, did not contemplate reorgan-
ization of State government8! under the authority of
the President, but only by the people, to be ratified
by Congress. It was as follows:
War Department, March 3, 1862.
Sir: You are hereby appointed military Governor
of the State of Tennessee, with authority to exercise
and perform within the limits of that State all and
singular the powers, duties, and functions pertaining
to the office of military Governor, (including the
power to establish all necessary office* and tribunals,
and suspend tho writ of habeas corpus,) during the
pleasure of the President, or until the loyal inhabitaiits
of that Strtc sh'rfl o)ijani4e a clv'l in con-
formity ivith the Constitution of the United State*.
EDWIN M. STANTON-,
Secretary of War.
Hon. Axdkew Johnson.
t House Report 16, second session Thii ty-Ninth Con-
grCfS, p. J7.
