28
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 20,
Ho. of Reps.
Veto Message—Mr. Lawrence.
40th Cong..,.1st Sess.
to a close, they have been again and again recog-
nized as States of the Union. Representation has
boon apportioned to them as States. They have
been divided into judicial districts for the holding
of district and circuit courts of the United States as
States of the Union only can be districted."
If this proves anything it proves too much:
it proves that the rebel State governments
during the rebellion were lawful as fully as it
proves the existing creations of the President
are lawful. It will give validity to organized
rebellions as lawful States.
The war was waged on our part to sup-
press the rebellion and destroy the rebel State
and confederate governments organized in aid
of it.
If the rebel State governments were lawful,
by what authority did the President at the
close of hostilities drive their Governors and
Legislatures from power and place and deny
them the right to act as such?
The factthatrepresentativeswere apportioned
to the States and that they were divided into
judicial districts did not recoguize the exist-
ence of any State government at all. The
apportionment was to the geographical State,
to talte effect in futuro, when there might be
lawful State governments; and judicial districts
recognize only geographical boundaries—not
the corporate State or State government.
National courts may be held, revenue offi-
cers and postmasters perform their duties in
any State, though its people would refuse to
elect State officers or maintain a State govern-
ment.
The Constitution provides that—
" In all criminal prosecutions the accused shall
enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial by an
impartial jury of the State and district wherein the
enrae shall have been committed, which district
shall have been previously ascertained by law."
But this refers only to the geographical
State.
Again, the President, referring to the rebel
States, says:
" They have been called upon by Congress to act
through their Legislatures upon atlcasttwo amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States. As
States they have ratified ono amendment, which re-
quired the vote of twenty-seven States of the thirty-
six then composing the Union. When the requisite
twenty-seven votes were given in favor of that
amendment—seven of which votes were given by
seven of these ten States—it was proclaimed to be a
part of the Constitution of the United States, and
slavery was declared no longer to exist in the Uni-
ted States or any place subject to their jurisdiction.
If tho<-e seven States wore not legal States of the
Union it follows as tho inevitable consequence that
in some ol the States slavery yet exists."
It is not true that Congress called on these
States to ratify any constitutional amendment.
The Secretary of State sent the amendment to
those States, but their ratification was not
necessary, since three fourths of the States
having legal State governments can ratify an
amendment. And if Congress had directly
required the amendment to be submitted to
those States their validity would not be thereby
established, nor would the ratification by any
such illegal State government have any force,
unless Congress should thereafter recognize
and give validity to the State government, and
thus give effect to what had been previously
done. By a well known rule of law, if Con-
gress should ratify a State government the rat-
ification would relate back and give validity to
certain acts done by that State.
Nor is it true, as alleged, that the Supreme
Court has recognized these States. On the con-
trary, on the 15th of April, 1807, the Supreme
Court refused to entertain a bill filed by the
so-called State of Mississippi, holding in effect
that the status of the rebel States was a polit-
ical question to be determined by Congress, so
much so that the court refused permission to
amend the bill so as to proceed against the
military officers. No suit has been enter-
tained where any one of these States has been
a party.
But tho President says that eases pending
in tho Supreme Court on appeal and error
"when the rebellion began have not been dis-
missed upon any idea ot the cessation of juris-
diction."
Again he says, new cases since the rebellion
have come to the Supreme Court from these
States. And, says the President:
"Finally, in tho allotment of their circuits, made
by the judges at the December term. I860, every one
of these States is put on the same footing of equality
with all the other States, of the Union. Virginia and
North Carolina, being a part of the fourth circuit,
are allotted to tho Chief Justice."
I answer that the existence of a lawful or
of any State government is not necessary to
enable the Supreme Court to exercise its juris-
diction in suits between individuals, and if so,
no decision has yet been made 011 plea or mo-
tion on that question. The eases pending are
from the national circuit courts—no decision
has been made in any case removedfrom a
State court. The judicial circuits exist, and
judges are allotted to them, their functions
not depending on the existence of a State gov-
ernment. If the Supreme Court had recog-
nized these States as de facto political corpo-
rations their legal validity would not thereby
have been affirmed.
But the Supreme Court in the Mississippi
case referred to affirmed in substance that it
"is the duty of the President" "to see that
the laws are faithfully executed; and among
those laws" "the acts of March 2 and March
23, 1867, commonly called the reconstruction
acts," which declare these State governments
"illegal." That was on an application for
leave to file a bill in the name of the State of
Mississippi, praying the Court to enjoin the
President from executing those laws. Chief
Justice Chase said:
" Suppose the bill filed and the injunction prayed
for be allowed. If the President refuse obedienee, it
is needless to observe that the Court is without power
to enforce its process. If. on tho other hand, the
President complies with the order of the Court, and
refuses to execute the act of Congress, is it not clear
that a collision may occur between the executive
and legislative departments of the Government?
May not the House of Representatives impeach the
President for such refusal? And in that case could
this Court interpose in behalf of the President, thus
endangered by compliance with its mandate, and
restrain by injunction the Senate of the United
States from sitting as a court of impeachment?
Would the strange spectacle bo offered to the pub-
lic wonder of an attempt by this Court to arrest pro-
ceedings in that court? These questions answer
themselves."
And this decides a question on the law of
impeachment of great practical moment at
this time.
But I will not pursue these fallacies of the
President further.
A few words as to the President's objection
that these States are made "subject in all
respects to the military commanders," and I
will not trespass longer on the patience of the
House. He says:,
"The veto of the original of the 2d of March was
based on two distinct grounds: the interlerence of
Congress in matters strictly appertaining^ to tne
reserved powers of tho States, and the establishment
of military tribunals for the trial of citizens m time
of peace."
I affirm that these military reconstruction
acts are justified by the Constitution. It is a
universal rule under the Constitution that
where Congress is clothed with a power they
may employ any and all reasonable means in
their discretion to carry it into effect. (4
Wheaton, 316; 8 Howard, 608; 5 Elliott's
Deb., 492; 1 Wheaton, 325.)
Congress is clothed with the power to guar-
anty republican governments to the rebel
States. The military reconstruction acts point
out the means deemed necessary to effect the
object. Congress is the sole judge of their
wisdom, expediency, and necessity. From
their decision there is no appeal. The means
employed are not those which might be adopted
among a loyal people, but the remedy must be
equal to the occasion which calls for its cxer-
cise. Experience has shown that nothing less
than these reconstruction acts will accomplish
the purpose. They simply propose to accom-
plish in pursuance of law what the President
attempted without law. These acts set aside
illegal State governments: Andrew Johnson
by military orders and by force set aside the
illegal rebel State organizations.
They provide for conventions to form lawful
State governments and prescribe the qualifica-
tions of voters: the President without law
assumed to do this by his own proclamations.
The military commanders are authorized to
remove local civil officers, but Andrew John-
son did the same. He wiped out of existence
•by a few brief military orders all the officers
of seven rebel State organizations and after-
wards removed others at his pleasure. lie
governed by military power when the defeated
rebels were humbled and ready to "accept the
situation;" and now, when under his policy
they are arrogant and give no protection to the
life, liberty, or property of loyal citizens, Con-
gress authorizes the exercise of military power
in view of a greater necessity.
Though flagrant war has ceased that condi-
tion of society yet exists in ten of the rebel
States recognized by writers on international
law as a state of war—non flagrante hello, sed
nondum cessante hello. This justifies the exer-
cise of military power until peace in fact as
well as in name has "returned to bless the
land."*
* The President is thereforo guilty of high crimes
and misdemeanors in this—
I. That he did, in the year 1865, unconstitutionally
and in violation of duty, corrup.tly ncglect and ref&e
to convene the two Houses of Congress, with intent
to prevent the Congress from enacting laws regulat-
ing the government of the States declared in rebel-
lion and preparatory to or providing for the reor-
ganisation of civil State governments in said States,
and with intent to assume and exercise the power to
authorize, regulate, and control the work of such
reorganization himself, and to deny the right of and
exclude the exercise of such power by Congress.
II. That he did, in the year I860 and 1866, by sundry
proclamations, telegrams, letters, and orders,uncon-
stitutionally, in violation ot duty, and corruptly,
assume, usurp and exercise the power to create tho
office of provisional governor, an office unknown to
the Constitution orlaws, and to appointtosaid otlice
rap visional governors in seven of said insurrection ary
to require them to cause elections to be held
for members of conventions to make or amend con-
stitutions of State governments and to organize civil
governments in said States; and in like manner ho
did prescribe the qualifications of electors and mem-
bers of said conventions bymea.ns whereof such mem-
bers wero elected and such conventions held and State
governments organized in said States; and he did in
like manner employ the military power of the Gov-
ernment to aid in executing his said purposes with
intent to subvert the power of Congress to exercise
its powers himself, to decide whether and when such
governments so created wero republican inform and
to recognizo them as such, to disfranchise the freed-
inen of s'aid States, and cause to be organized and
recognized civil Stat egovernments which should per-
manently disfranchise and deny civil and political
rights to said frecdmen, and with intent to secure to
rebels and traitors the permanent ascendency and
control of said States and the power thereof in tho
Government of tho United States.
III. He did, in like manner and with like intents,
repeatedly, aftersuch illegal State governments wert)
organized, declare them and recognixothem as " en-
tirely restored to all their functions as States in con-
formity with tho organic law of tho land," and did
refuse to submit tho question of their validity and
recognition to Congress, but denied their right and
power over that subject, and did corruptly cxercise
tho veto power to accomplish his said purposes.
IV. That, for the purpose of accomplishing his
purposes aforesaid, ho did, unconstitutionally and
corruptly, exerciso the powers in him vested as Pres-
ident and others not delegated to him as hereinbefore
shown, and did deny that the Congress of tho United
States was such Congress, and otherwise sought to
bring Congress and its members into odium and con-
tempt with the people.
The President is also guilty of high crimes and mis-
demeanors in this, that—
I. He did, in April and May, 1866, unconstitution-
ally and without authority of law, usurp and assume
to exercise the power of declaring the insurrection
and rebellion existing in the rebel States at an end
and that a state of war had ceased, with intent to
subvert tho Constitution and the authority of Con-
gress, to withdraw from tile loyal citizens of said
States the protection of the United States, and to
secure tho permanent establishment of so-called
Stategovernments in said States setup in pursuance
of authority previously usurped by tho President in
violation of tho Constitution.
