30
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 2f>,
Ho. op Reps.
Reduction, of the Currency—Mr. Butler.
40t5h Cong.... 1st Sess.
case, we are bound as well in the other ; and
does my friend insist that Mr. Jay Cooke lias
bound the country to the proposition that a
national debt is a national blessing to anybody
except bankers ? With that amendm'ent I
might agree to the declaration. When I called
the attention of the country to this some little
time ago, Mr. Jay Cooke, for whom I have very
high respect, wrote me that I was mistaken;
that what he did advertise was that a national
debt rightly managed was a national blessing.
I am at issue with him upon that. I insist that a
national debt managed any how, by anybody—
the Angel Gabriel or Jay Cooke or any other
body—is not a national blessing. [Laughter.]
No management of a national debt can make
it a national blessing. And yet, if we are bound
by brokers' advertisements, we are bound to
the doctrine that it is a national blessing which
we must enjoy and bequeath to our posterity
forever!
The next evidence which the gentleman from
Maine presents in support of his contract to
pay the five-twenties in gold is the declarations
of Secretaries of the Treasury. Now, no Sec-
retary of the Treasury had a right to make any
declarations on this subject which can be bind-
ing on the country. The gentleman does not
claim that he had; he only says that Con-
gress stood by and saw the Secretary make
declarations and did not interfere. Onee for
all, I protest against Congress being bound by
what Secretaries do or do not do that Congress
does not interfere with. If you once admit
that doctrine you will involve Congress in diffi-
culties which it will take a long time and great
wisdom to unravel.
But no one of the Secretaries ever has said
that the contract is that the principal of this
loan is payable in coin ; and if there has been
disingenuousness on.this subject it. lias not been
on our part, but 011 the part of the Secretaries
in their attempts to interpret this law so as to
sell the loan. The first thing said about the
probability that this debt would be paid in gold
was in the answer of Secretary Chase to a let-
ter sentliim from abroad—Frankfort, 1 believe.
It was said in that letter—I do not give the
words, but the substance—"It is not under-
stood hero in Frankfort that these bonds are
payable in gold. If it should be so understood
they would bring a much higher price." Why
was it not so understood? Because a foreign
lawyer reading the act would never think of
such a thing for a moment. The bonds were
selling—for what ? For forty cents on the dol-
lar, and that at a time when the confederate
loan was at a premium in Europe.
Now, I will not think so meanly of this coun-
try as to believe it could be supposed these
bonds were payable in gold, and then were at
this discount even in Europe, which was against
us. And I will not think so meanly of this
nation as to believe that there could have been
any question in the minds of the people of
Europe as to our being able to pay more than
thirty per cent, of our debt in gold if such had
been our plain contract f(,nd obligation. No,
sir; the bankers in Europe of that day were
simply betting as to whether we should pay
our paper money in gold; they were betting
on that proposition when they were buying our
bonds at tiom sixty to seventy per cent, dis-
count. They knew that every other Govern-
ment that had issued paper money had depre-
ciated it, and the question was whether we,
who set out here so differently from other
Governments, would in the end depreciate our
paper money.
This letter was sent over hero as a stock-
jobbing proposition to Mr. Chase. How did
heanswer it? Through his Assistant Secretary.
The answer all will remember. "The Govern-
ment of the United States has always paid all
its obligations in gold, and it is to be presumed
that it always will.'' It was an evasive answer
—an answer tending to mislead; whether in-
tended so to do I do not know or say.
What was the' next act and declaration of
a Secretary of the Treasury? Mr. Pessendbjt
is cited. I have a bone to pick with Mr. Fes-
sendek upon this subject. I am very glad he
has been brought in here, for I should have
fell some delicacy in saying a word about him,
as he is a member of the other House, had not
his friend from Maine [Mr. Blaine] brought
him upon this fltior in his capacity of Secretary
of the Treasury. I can therefore deal with the
Secretary of the Treasury as roughly as I please,
without infringing upon the courtesy due to a
Senator of the United States. Mr. Fessesden,
as Secretary of the Treasury, was called upon
to say whether the three-year loan Treas-
ury notes, issued in 1861, when there was
nothing but gold to pay with, and for which
gold was paid by the people to the Govern-
ment, was payable in coin or in currency. He
decided that these gold-bought and gold-con-
tracted notes were payable in currency; and
the whole of that issue, put forth at a time
when there was nothing but gold as currency,
for which the faith of the country was pledged,
under the decision of Mr. Fessehden, had to
be received by the people (who paid for it in
gold) in paper, or they were • compelled to
convert it into such bonds as the Government
chose to give them.
Mr. BLAINE. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] allow me to read
one sentence?
Mr. BUTLER. Certainly.
Mr. BLAINE. The decision in regard to
the payment of the first series of seven-thirty
notes was made on the 18th of May, 1862,
by Salmon P. Chase, Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in these words:
" The three-year seven-thirty Treasury notes are
part of the temporary loan, and will be paid in Treas-
ury notes, unless the holders prefer to exchange
them," .to.
That was three months before Mr. Fessen-
dex went into the Treasury. He found the
question res adjudicata. The gentleman is all
wrong in charging this upon Mr. Fessexdex.
There is not the remotest foundation for his
assertion.
Mr. BUTLER. The House will judge whether
I was wrong, without the dictum of my friend
from Maine, [Mr. Blaise.] I did not say
that Salmon P. Chase was not guilty of the
same thing ; I only said that William P. Fes-
sendex was guilty of it; that is the distinction.
[Laughter.] If Salmon P. Chase had broken
the faith of this Government—if he had said
that, although the Government had received
gold in the hour of its necessity, immediately
after the first battle of Bull Run, the darkest
day the Government ever saw, and had pledged
gold in return—for then we paid gold to meet
all our obligations—if Salmon P. Chase, on
the 18th of May, 18G-1, when called upon to say
whether we should pay gold for, the gold we
had received, broke the faith of the Govern-
ment, if he was one of those repudiators and
scoundrels and knaves we hear of so glibly
when we attempt to discuss this question of
finance, why did notand why should not Secre-
tary Fessexdun overrule him when he became
Secretary of the Treasury? If so great a wrong
was res adjudicata, it was res very badly adju-
dicata, and should have been forthwith set
right.
My friend does not pretend that Mr. Fessex-
dex altered this; and when we, who believe in
maintaining the faith of the nation, but not in op-
pressing the people with taxation, are attacked
on all hands by hard words and strong infer-
ences, and when, to get us down, we are yoked
up with everybody who happens to have bad
political sentiments, I would ask who was the
first rcpudiator? The gentleman chooses to
cite Mr. Chase as the promisor of this bad
note. Be it so; I am dealing only with the
indorser, William Pitt Fessexdex. He in-
dorsed it and acted upon it. By his decision
the seven-thirty notes of 1861, issued when
there was 110 other currency, were caused to
be paid in greenbacks, and the gold-paying
public creditor was obliged, for his gold paid
to the Government, either to take his pay in
greenbacks or convert liis Government notes
into bonds; and that whole loan was thus
redeemed. And on what ground was this so
great a wrong on the public creditors perpe-
trated ? It was said by the Secretary that this
three-year seven-thirty gold loan was a tempo-
rary loan only. Oh, then, it is right to cheat
the temporary creditors of the Government,
the hand-to-mouth men, who loan their hard
coin for a few days to save the Government;
but the long;bond creditors of the Govern-
ment you must not cheat; you must let them
cheat you. Is not that the proposition? Is
there any escape from it? Is not that the
Maine doctrine of finance, if you please?
[Laughter.] My friend here from Maine, [Mr.
Blaixe, ] following in the footsteps of the
Secretary of the Treasury from Maine, holds
it to be in the last degree wrong if we do
not pay principal and interest of our debt in
gold. He invokes us, in the name of national
honor, national faith, and everything else that
is sacred, to save the long-bond creditor,
who bought our bonds for currency, while the
short creditor, who paid for his notes in coin,
has lost his gold by the action of the Secretary
of the Treasury from Maine. We have had
many things good from Maine—among others
a "Maine law"—and now we have got Maine
finance. I repudiate the last, and I am afraid
my State lias repudiated the other. [Laughter. ]
The next authority adduced by the gentle-
man in support of his contract to pay gold for
the five-twenties bonds is Secretary McCulloch.
Well, if this House proposes to be bound by the
financial theories of Secretary McCulloch I
should hardly wish to argue this question fur-
ther. But even Secretary McCulloch does not
undertake to say that there is a contract to pay
gold for these bonds. When asked by a foreign
banker, "What is the contract as to the pay-
ment of the principal of the five-twenties?"
what does the Secretary reply ? Does he say
that the contract is to pay in gold? Oh, no;
he says that all the Government obligations that
have fallen due have been paid in«gold, (he
forgot that temporary loan,) and that it is the
policy of the Government to pay all its obliga-
tions in gold. I agree with him; such is the
policy of the Government. But that is hot the
question. The question is, what has the Gov-
ernment contracted to do, and what is it able
to do? I wish that we could pay thi enormous
debt in gold, or in anything else, so that we
could relieve the people from taxation. You
will find running all through this letter of Sec-
retary McCulloch an evasion of this question.
What is the contract by law ?
When the $900,000,000 loan, commonly
known as the ten-forty loan, was issued, what
did the Secretary of the Treasury do? Of the
six per cent, five-tweuty loan, (which the gen-
tleman from Maine contends was payable in
gold,') he says only some $25,000,000 of the
$500,000,000 authorized had been issued ; yet
he makes the Secretary of the Treasury guilty
of the absurdity of attempting to put on the
market $900,000,000 of the five per cent, ten-
forty loan as a competing loan, expecting to
get that taken up, when he could not get his
five-twenty six per cent, gold-payable loan in
principal and interest taken up. Why did he
do this? If both loans were payable in gold,
he must have been entirely demented. But
no; the ten-forty five per cent, loan was pay-
able, principal and interest, in gold by its
terms ; and this same Secretary of the Treas-
ury, through his brokers, advertised this ten-
forty loan as the only one the principal and
interest of which were payable in gold. And
nobody objected in this House. I was not
here then; but where was the eloquent voice
of my friend from Maine protesting against
selling this five per cent, loan upon an adver-
