mi.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31
40tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
Reduction of the Currency;—Mr. Butler.
Ho. of Reps.
tisement that it was tlie oply loan payable,
principal and interest, in gold? Why did he
allow the public creditors to think that the
only loan payable in gold was the five per
cent, loan ; that the six per cent, loan was not
payable in gold? This only illustrates the
fact that, in interpreting public law, we must
not deal with what members of Congress do
individually, but we must be bound by the
statute.
Mr. BLAINE. Does the gentleman mean
to say that the Government agents advertised
that the ten-forty loan was the only loan paya-
ble in gold?
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, sir; I do. Certain
Government agents, called the New York Tri-
bune, the New York Times, or the New York
Evening Post, contained that advertisement,
and if the gentleman will go there he will find it.
Mr. BLAINE. Authorized by whom?
Mr. BUTLER. Authorized by the Secretary
of the Treasury, so headed. It was a little
difficult at that time to find out who the nego-
tiators were. That was the advertisement.
You can find it. If I had known this ques-
tion was to arise at this time I would have had
the advertisement to present to the House.
Mr. BLAINE. I gave the gentleman notice
some days ago that I should speak 011 this sub-
ject.
Mr. BUTLER. True. But while I presumed
the gentleman would speak on this subject,
it never entered my conception that he would
make such a speech as he has. [Laughter.]
If the gentleman will tell mo why it is that
we are to construe this law differently from
any other law I will be obliged to him. If he
will inform this House why the people of this
country should tax themselves to the amount
of many millions, ($400,000,000 is the differen ce
this day and this hour,) whether these five-
twenties are payable in gold, as gold stood yes-
terday, or in greenbacks.
The only answer suggested is, why agitate
this now. These loans are not payable now,
and therefore we may wait until the twenty
years are out, when we all believe greenbacks
and gold will be correlative terms. I believe
so, too, in twenty years; but in the meantime the
interest on these five-twenties is sinking this
country, the labor, the manufacture, and the
commerce of this country, to a degree that even
its vitality and its strength will hardly be able
to meet it.
What is the rate of interest on the five-twen-
ties? Six per cent, in gold, payable semi-an-
nualty, gold being at 140 to 145, equal to 150
and upward. That makes nine per cent.; they
are exempt from State and municipal taxa-
tion, which makes from two to three per cent,
more. So on these almost two thousand mil-
lion of interest bonds the people of this country
are paying at this day and at this hour, either
by remission of taxes or otherwise, in the cur-
rency of the country, from eleven to twelve
per cent. What is the consequence? They
could stagger under this burden of taxes if
needed to pay the soldiers; they could deal
with this burden of taxes if it even were to be
thrown into the sea; but the difficulty is that
paying this high rate of interest on these five-
twenties of from eleven to twelve per cent,
causes capitalists to withdraw from legitimate
business and keep their money in these bonds.
See how it operates. I have my money in
five-twenty bonds at eleven per cent., and I
am told that I am to have gold at the end of
the twenty years for the principal besides. You
cannot tempt me, then, to go into any enter-
prise which shall not promise me more than
eleven to twelve per cent. I must have much
more before I will take my money out of Gov-
ernment securities and put it at the risk of
business. And it is this high rate of Govern-
ment interest which is crushing the life out of
the industrial pursuits of the people. There
can be no mistake about this. Look at the
market reports of Cincinnati, one of the great
marts of the West. No money can be got
there for less than fifteen to eighteen per cent.
Why? Because our capitalists get from eleven
to twelve per cent, on five-twenties, and they
are encouraged to hold oji to their bonds and
keep their money out of the business of the
country; because the gentleman from Maine
tells them that the Government will pay the
principal in gold, although they paid but forty
cents on the dollar for them when they bought
them. This is the reason why this five-twenty
loan is crushing our people, and why we must
get rid of it at all hazards consistent with
national honor and national faith, and 110 man
asks that to be broken.
But I am told if we undertake to pay any
portion of this debt in greenbacks we shall
depreciate greenbacks so that they will be
worthless; that there will be an inflation of
prices. The gentleman from Maine riots in
imagination over the picture of the payment
of $200 for a pair of boots if we issue any
more legal-tender notes, that is to say, notes
not bearing interest.
Speaking of greenbacks, I am reminded of
one thing to which I meant to have adverted to
on the question: of the nation's being bound
by the advertisements by which its bonds were
sold. My friend says we did not notify capi-
talists that we would claim the right to pay
these five-twenty bonds in any oth er way than
in coin. Why wc put it upon $150,000,000
of United States notes, and thus advertised
everybody we did not mean to pay them in gold.
This notice was put on the back of every
greenback. Let me read from one :
"This note is a legal tender for all debts, public or
private, except duties on imports and interest on the
public
There is " inclusio unius exclusio alterius"
for the gentleman.
Mr. BLAINE. If the gentleman will allow
me, I hold two notes in my hand, one of
which contains precisely the words the gentle-
man has just read. But does the gentleman
say that this is the lawful money authorized by
the act of February 25, 1862?
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. BLAINE. I deny it.
Mr. BUTLER. Now, then, let us see. I
will compare this indorsement on the note with
the law which I have before me. The second
.section of the law reads thus:
" Shall be receivablein payment of all taxes, inter-
nal duties, excises, debts and demands of every kind
due to the United States, except duties on imports,
and of all claims and demands against the United
States of every kind whatsoever, except interest on
the public debt and customs." ■
Mr. BLAINE. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a statement?
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. BLAINE. The act of. February 25,
1862, was the first legal-tender act. It is true,
the notes were made a legal tender for all debts
public and private, but they were also con-
vertible into five-twenty bonds. Now, the
gentleman places himself on the ground that
whatever was by contemporaneous construction
lawful money the Government was bound to pay.
I assert that the law for the issue of the five-
twenties of 1862 was embraced in the same act
which authorized the issue of $150,000,000 of
legal-tender notes which were themselves con-
vertible into five-twenties. Now, if the gentle-
man will stick to his own words, then the
Government can only pay off these five-twenties
by issuing a like amount of these same legal-
tender notes, on the back of which are printed
these words:
" This i> a leiru l tender for all debts, public and pri-
vate, cxcept duties on imports and interest on the
public deb;, and is exchangeable for United States
six per cent, twenty-year bonds, redeemable at the
pleasure of the Government after fi\ o years."
Therefore, if, as the gentleman contends,
these bonds are redeemable at the Treasury in
the kind of money which was declared a legal
tender when they were issued, they must be
paid in this kind of notes. In that case the
Treasury of the United States would be x-eceiv-
ing the five-twenty bonds at one door and issu-
ing the legal tenders at another, and then, again
issuing the bonds and taking back the legal
tenders, and so they would go round and round
the circle.
Mr. BUTLER. And you do not think that
desirable. [Laughter.]
Mr. BLAINE. Does the gentleman think
it desirable to have a revolving wheel at which
one class of men shall stand in a row for the
redemption of their bonds, and another for a
reissue of the same? Is that the gentleman's
idea of finance ? The gentleman adheres to the
exact letter of the law.
Mr. BUTLER. The difference between my
friend and myself is this: I was putting adver-
tisement against advertisement.
Mr. BLAINE. And I law against law.
Mr. BUTLER. There is no law of this exact
form, and it is not the exact form of the law
or of the advertisement. I was only putting
advertisement against advertisement. I will
answer the gentleman, if I have time, that I do
think it is desirable to have a currency, and if
Congress agrees with me wo will have a cur-
rency before we get through exactly like what
the gentleman describes, so that when a man
wants money he can give the Treasury his Gov-
ernment bond and get it, and when he gets
through using his money he can go back again
and get his bond. That is exactly the thing I
want, and I hope to get it if I live long enough.
Mr. BLAINE. And issue $2,000,000,000 of
legal tenders.
Mr. BIJTLER. I have not said I wanted
$2,000,000,000 of greenbacks issued. I only
want so much as will be absorbed in the needs
of the business of the United States.
But this episode takes me a little way out of
my course. I was upon the question whether
there would be depreciation, whether there
would be inflation if more legal tenders were
issued to supply the wants of the country for
currency, when I turned aside for a moment
to speak to the question of advertisements on
the back of the greenbacks.
The common idea is that there will be infla-
tion when you issue paper money. It is drawn
from the old idea of bank circulation. A bank
issued its notes without any basis except the
gold basis. That gold basis was sometimes
one to four. Let me illustrate : suppose there
were four hundred millions of bank paper in
circulation on one hundred millions of gold as
a basis, then I agree it would be an inflation
to issue another one hundred millions, making
the relation of the paper dollar to the gold dol-
lar as one to five. But what is a greenback?
Have gentlemen considered ? A dollar green-
back as it stands to-day is one twenty-five
hundred millionth part of the debt of the Uni-
ted States, secured by a mortgage upon every
dollar of public or private property in the
United States. Is it not that, under my theory
or anybody else's theory of finance ? Now,
suppose we issue five hundred millions of
greenbacks, and pay np five hundred millions
of the interest-bearing debt of the United
States, what is a greenback then? Why, it is
still one twenty-five hundred millionth part of
the national debt of the United States, appre-
ciated, and not depreciated, by the amount of
interest which we have saved by buying np five
hundred millions of the interest-bearing debt.
The way to test it would be this : suppose we
could issue the whole amount and pay all
interest-bearing debt at once, then the one hun-
dred and fifty millions of customs which wo
have to pay for interest without getting ahead
in payment of our debt at all could be directed
to redeeming the greenbacks. There is a lim-
itation on this power of issuing greenbacks,
and only one, and that limitation my friend
does not seem to understand. It is this: these
greenbacks are non-interest-bearing notes, and
therefore they can only be issued in such quan-
tities without depreciation in fact, as will be
