PUBLIC ACTS OF THE FORTIETH CONGRESS
OF THE
UNITED STATES,
Passed at the First Session, which was begun and held at the City of Washington, in the District of Columbia, on
Monday, the 4th day of March, A. D. 1867; was adjourned on Saturday, the 30th day of March, A. D. 1867, to
meet on Wednesday, the Sd day of July, A. D. 1867; met on the said 3d day of July, and continued in session
until Saturday, the 20th day of said July, on which day it adjourned to meet on Thursday, the 21s£ day of
November, A. D. 1867; met on the said 21 st day of November, and ended the 2d day of December, A. D. 1867.
Andrew Johnson, President.
Benjamin F. Wade., President of the Senate.
House of Representatives.
Schuyler Colfax, Speaker of the
Chap. I.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
"An Act to amend an Act entitled 'An Act
to incorporate a National Military and Naval
Asylum for the Relief of the totally disabled
Officers and Men of the Volunteer Forces of
the United States,' " approved March twenty-
one, eighteen hundred and sixty-six.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That section third of the
act to incorporate a national asylum for dis-
abled officers and men of the volunteer forces
of the United States, approved March twenty-
first, eighteen hundred and. sixty-six, beamended
by striking out the words "not members of
Congress."
Appkoved, March 12,1867.
Chap. II.—An Act making Appropriations for
the Expenses of Commissioners sent by the
President to the Indian country.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Amcrica in
Congress assembled, That the sum of twenty
thousand dollars be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated, out of any^ money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to pay the ex-
penses of commissioners sent by the Presi-
dent to the Indian country.
Approved, March 14, 1867.
Chap. III.—An Act to repeal a Joint Resolu-
tion entitled "A Resolution to provide for
the removal of the Wreck of the Steam-
ship Scotland," approved January twenty-
ninth, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America m
Congress assembled, That the joint resolution
entitled "A resolution to provide for the re-
moval of the wreck of the steamship bcot-
land," approved January twenty-ninth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-seven, be, and the same
is hereby, repealed.
Approved. March 16, 186
furnish one complete suit of clothing to each
invalid soldier who is an inmate of any regu-
larly constituted "Soldiers' Home" in the
United States, out of the stock on hand in the
quartermaster's department.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That such
clothing shall be delivered to the managers of
such institutions upon their requisition there-
for, accompanied with such certificates as^to
numbers and condition as tfce Secretary of War
may prescribe.
Approved, March 22, 1867.
Chap. Y.—An Act in relation to a certain Tract
of Land in Burlington, Iowa.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That a certain ordinance
adopted by the city council of the city of Bur-
lington, in the State of Iowa, of date of Decem-
ber tenth, anno Domini eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, entitled "An ordinance devoting Mar-
ket square to certain public purposes, and pro-
viding for the location of certain railroad tracks
upon certain streets, and for other purposes,"
is hereby ratified, approved, and made legal
and valid, so far as relates to said public square;
and that said ordinance shall operate to convey
to the Burlington and Missouri River Railroad
Company all right and interest of the United
States in the premises known as Market square,
in the said city of Burlington, upon the terms
and conditions and for the purposes and uses
therein designated, and shall have the same
force, operation, and effect as if the fee-simple
title to said Market square and streets were
owned by said city at the date of said ordi-
nance. h
Ax'pkoved, March 22, 1861.
Chap IV.— An Act to clothe the maimed and
destitute Soldiers.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and is hereby, authorized and required to
39
Cbup. VI.— An Act supplementary to an Act
entitled "An Act to provide for the more
efficient government of the Rebel States,
passed March second, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, and to facilitate restoration.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America m
Congress assembled, That before the first day
of September, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, the commanding general in each district
defined by an act entitled " Au act to provide
for the more efficient government of the rebel
States," passed March second, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven, shall cause a registration
to be made of the male citizens of the United
States, twenty-one years of age and upward,
resident in each county or parish in the State
or States included in his district, which regis-
tration shall include only those persons who
are qualified to vote for delegates by the act
aforesaid, and who shall have taken and sub-
scribed the following oath or affirmation: " I,
 , do solemnly swear, (or affirm,) in the
presence of Almighty God, that I am a citizen
of the State of ; that I have resided in
said State for   months next preceding
this day, and now reside in the county of ,
or the parish of in said State, (as the
case may be;) that I am twenty-one years old;
that I have not been disfranchised for partici-
pation in any rebellion or civil war against the .
United States, nor for felony committed against
the laws of any State or of the United States;
that I have never been a member of any State
Legislature, nor held any executive or judicial
office in any State and afterward engaged in
insurrection or rebellion against the United
States, or given aid or comfort to the enemies
thereof; that I have never taken an oath as a
member of Congress of the United States, or as
an officer of the United States, or as a member
of any State Legislature, or as an executive or
judicial officer of any State, to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, and afterward
engaged in insurrection or rebellion against
the.United States, or given a,id or comfort to
the enemies thereof; that I will faithfully sup-
port the Constitution and obey the laws of the
United States, and will, to the best of my
ability, encourage others so to do, so help me
God;" which oath or affirmation may be ad-
ministered by any registering officer.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That after
the completion of the registration hereby pro-
vided for in any State, at such time and places
therein as the commanding general shall ap-
point and direct, of which at least thirty days
public notice shall be given, an election shall
be held of delegates to a convention for the
purpose of establishing a constitution and civil
government for such State loyal to the Union,
said convention in each State, except Virginia,
to consist of the same number of members as
the most numerous branch of the State Legis-
lature of such State in the year eighteen hun-
dred and sixty, to be apportioned among the
several districts, counties, or parishes of such
