44
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 19,
40th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
removal, appointment, and detail granted in
the preceding section to district commanders.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
acts of the officers of the army already done
in removing in said districts persons exercising
the functions of civil officers, and appointing
others in their stead, are hereby confirmed:
Provided, That any person heretofore or here-
after appointed by any district commander to
exercise the functions of any civil office, or by
the General of the Army. And it shall be the
doty of such commander to remove from office
as aforesaid all persons who are disloyal to the
Government of the United States, or who use
their official influence in any manner to hinder,
delay, prevent, or obstruct the due and proper
administration of this aet and the acts to which
it is supplementary.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That the
boards of registration provided for in the act
entitled "An act supplementary to an act enti-
tled 'An act to provide for the more efficient
government of the rebel States,' passed March
two, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, and to
facilitate restoration," passed March twenty-
three, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, shall
have power, and it shall be their duty before
allowing the registration of any person, to as-
certain, upon such facts or information as tliey
can obtain, whether such person is entitled to
beregistered under said aet, and the oath re-
quired by said aet shall not be conclusive on
such question, and no person shall be regis-
tered unless such board shall decide that he is
entitled thereto; and such board shall also
have power to examine under oath, (to be ad-
ministered_ by any member of such board,) any
one touching the qualification of any person
claiming registration; but in every case of re-
fusal by the board to register an applicant, and
in every case of striking his name from the
list as hereinafter provided, the board shall
make a note or memorandum, which shall be
returned with the registration list to the com-
manding general of the district, setting forth
the grounds of such refusal or such striking
from the list: Provided, That no person shall
be disqualified as member of any board of
registration by reason of raee or color.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
true intent and meaning of the oath prescribed
in said supplementary act is, (among other
things,) that no person who has been a mem-
ber of the Legislature of any State, or who has
held any executive or judicial office in any
State, whether he has taken an oath to support
the Constitution o-f the United States or not,
and whether he was holding such office at the
commencement of the rebellion, or had held
it before, and who has afterwards engaged in
insurrection or rebellion against the United
States, or given aid or comfort to the enemies
thereof, is entitled to be registered or to vote;
and the words " executive or judicial office in
any State" in said oath mentioned shall be
construed to include all civil offices created by
law for the administration of any general law
of a State, or for the administration of justice.
_ Sec. 7. And be if further enacted, That the
time_ for completing the original registration
provided for in said aet may, in the discretion
of the commander of any district bo extended
to the_ first day of October, eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven; and the boards of registra-
tion shall have_ power, and it shall be their
duty, commencing fourteen days prior to any
election under said act, and upon reasonable
publie notice of the time and place thereof, to
revise, for a period of five days, the registra-
tion lists, and upon being satisfied that any
person not entitled thereto has been regis-
tered, to strike the name of such person from
the list, and such person shall not be allowed
to vote. And such board shall also, during
the same period, add to such registry the
names of all persons who at that time possess
the qualifications required by said act who
have not boon already registered; and no per-
son shall, at any time, be entitled to be regis-
tered or to vote by reason of any executive
pardon or amnesty for any act or thing which,
without such pardon or amnesty, would dis-
qualify him from registration or voting.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That sec-
tion four of said last-named act shall be con-
strued to authorize the commanding general
named therein, whenever he shall deem it
needful, to remove any member of a board of
registration and to appoint another in his
stead, and to fill any vacancy in such board.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That all
members of said boards of registration and all
persons hereafter elected or appointed to office
in said military districts, under any so-called
State or municipal authority, or by detail or
appointment of the district commanders, shall
be required to take and to subscribe the oath
of office prescribed by law for officers of the
United States.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That no
district commander or member of the board
of registration, or any of the officers or ap-
pointees acting under them, shall be bound in
his action by any opinion of any civil officer
of the United States.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That all
the provisions of this act and of the acts to
which this is supplementary shall be construed
liberally, to the end that all the intents thereof
may be fully and perfectly carried out.
SCIIUYLER COLFAX,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
B. P. WADE,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
In the House of Representatives, U. S.,
July 19, 1867.
The President , of the United States, having
returned to the House of Representatives, in
which it originated, the bill entitled "An act
supplementary to an act entitled 'An act to
provide for the more efficient government of
the rebelStates,' passed on the second day of
March, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, and
the aet supplementary thereto, passed on the
twenty-third day of March, eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven/' with his objections thereto,
the House of Representatives proceeded, ill
pursuance of the Constitution, to reconsider
the same; and
Resolved, That the bill do pass, two thirds
of the House of Representatives agreeing to
pass the same.
Attest: ED WD. McPHERSON,
Clerk K R. U. S.
In the Senate of the United States,
July 19, 1867.
The Senate having proceeded, in pursuance
of the Constitution, to reconsider the bill enti-
tled "An act supplementary to an act entitled
'An aet to provide for the more efficient gov-
ernment of the rebel States,' passed on the
second day of March, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, and the act supplementary thereto,
passed on the twenty-third day of March, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-seven,'' returned to the
House of Representatives by the President of
the United States, with his objections, and sent
by the House of Representatives to the Senate*
with the message of the President returning the
bill:
Resolved, That the bill do pass, two thirds
of the Senate agreeing to pass the same.
Attest: J. W. FORNEY,
Secretary.
By w. j. Mcdonald,
Chief Clerk.
Chap. XXXII.—An Act to establish Peace
with certain Hostile Indian Tribes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to appoint a commission to consist of
three officers of the Army not below the rank
of brigadier general, who, together with N. G.
Taylor, Commissioner of Indian Affairs, John
B. Henderson, chairman of the Committee of
Indian Affairs of the Senate, S. S. Tappan,
and John B. Sanborn, shall have power and
authority to call together the chiefs and head-.
men of such bands or tribes of Indians as af({
now waging war against the United States
or committing depredations upon the people
thereof, to ascertain the alleged redsons for
their acts of hostility, and in their discretion,
under the direction of the President, to make
and conclude with said bands or tribes such
treaty stipulations, subject to the action of the
Senate, as may remove all just causes of com-
plaint on their part, and at the same time
establish security for person and property along
the lines of railroad now being constructed to
the Pacific and other thoroughfares of travel
to the western Territories, and such as will
most likely insure civilization for the Indians
and peace and safety for the whites.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That said
commissioners are required to examine and
select a district or districts of country having
sufficient area to receive all the Indian tribes
now occupying territory east of the Rocky
mountains, not now peacefully residing on
jjermanent reservations under treaty stipula-
tions, to which the Government has the right
of occupation or to which said commissioners
can obtain the right of occupation, and in
which district or districts there shall be suffi-
cient tillable or grazing land to enable the said
tribes, respectively, to support themselves by
agricultural and pastoral pursuits. Said dis-
trict or districts, when so selected, and the
selection approved by Congress, shall be and
remain permanent homes for said Indians to
be located thereon, and no person[s] not mem-
bers of said tribes shall ever be permitted to enter
thereon without the permission of the tribes
interested, except officers and employes of
the United States: Provided, That the dis-
trict or districts shall be so located as not to
interfere with travel on highways located by
authority of the United States, nor with the
route of the Northern Pacific railroad, the
Union Pacific railroad, the Union Pacific rail-
road eastern division, or thtf proposed route of
the Atlantic and Pacific railroad by the way of
Albuquerque.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
following sums of money are hereby appro-
priated out of any moneys in the Treasury, to
wit: To carry out the provisions of the pre
ceding sections of this act, one hundred and
fifty thousand dollars; to enable the Secretary
of the Interior to subsist such friendly Indians
as may have separated or may hereafter sep-
arate themselves from the hostile bands or
tribes and seek the protection of the United
States, three hundred thousand dollars.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of War be required to furnish trans-
portation, subsistence, and protection to the
commissioners herein named during the dis-
charge of their duties.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That if
said commissioners fail to secure the consent
of the Indians to remove to the reservations
and fail to secure peace, then the Secretary of
War, under the direction of the President, is
hereby authorized to accept the services of
mounted volunteers from the Governors of the
several States and Territories, in organized
companies and battalions, not exceeding four
thousand men in number, and for such term
of service as, in his judgment, may be neces-
sary for the suppression of Indian hostilities.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That all
volunteers so accepted shall be placed upon
the same footing, in respect to pay, clothing,
subsistence, and equipment, as the troops of
the regular Army.
