186*7.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4-5
Laws of the United States.
40th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That said
commissioners report their doings under this
act to the President of the United States, in-
cluding any such treaties and all correspond-
ence as well as evidence by them taken.
Approved, July 20, 1867.
Chap. XXXIII.—An Act to carry into effect
the Convention with the Republic of Vene-
zuela for the Adjustment of Claims of Citi-
zens of the United States on the Govern-
ment of that Republic.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That, for the purpose of
carrying into effect the convention with the
Republic of Venezuela, for the adjustment
of claims of citizens of the United States
on the Government of that republic, signed
at Caracas on the twenty-fifth day of April,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, the commis-
sioner to be appointed by the President of the
United States, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, shall be allowed a com-
pensation in full for his services three thou-
sand dollars, and ten dollars a day in commu-
tation of travelling expenses for the time actu-
ally and necessarily occupied in going from the
place of his residence to Caracas, and return-
ing to his home, after the termination of his
duties.
Seo. 2. And be it further enacted, That if
the President shall elect to appoint the Minis-
ter Resident of the United States in Venezuela
to perform the duties of Commissioner under
the convention aforesaid, such minister shall
receive a compensation'for his services of fifty
per centum of the sum hereinbefore mentioned
pursuant to the provisions of the ninth sec-
tion of the act of August eighteenth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, "To regulate the diplo-
matic and consular systems of the United
States/'
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
President be, and hereby is, authorized to
make such provision for the contingent ex-
penses of the commission under the conven-
tion, including the moiety of the United States
for the compensation of the umpire, and of
the secretary who may be chosen by the com-
missioners, pursuant to the provisions of the
convention, as he shall deem just and proper.
Sec. 4. Andbe it further enacted. That such
sums of money as may be necessary to carry
out the provisions of this act, be, and they are
hereby, appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, July 20, 1807.
Chap. XXXIV.—An Act amendatory of "An
Act making Appropriations to supply Defi-
ciencies in the Appropriations for Contingent
Expenses of the Senate of the United States
for the fiscal year ending June thirty, eight-
een hundred and sixty-seven, and for other
purposes."
Be it enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the concluding por-
tion of section six of an act entitled _"An act
making appropriations to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations for contingent expenses of
the Senate of the United States for the fiscal year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred_and
sixty-seven," approved March twenty-ninth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, in the words
following, to wit: "And all laws allowing the
President, the Secretary of the Interior, or
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs to enter
into treaties with any Indian tribes are hereby
repealed, and no expense shall hereafter be
incurred in negotiating a treaty with any In-
dian tribe until an appropriation authorizing
such expense shall be first made by law, be
and the same is hereby, repealed.
Approved, July 20, 1807.
EES0LUTI0NS. I
No. 1.—A Resolution supplementary to other
Joint Resolutions to enable the People of the
United States to participate in the advantages
of the Universal Exhibition at Paris, in 1867.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, I. That the commission
of tj^p United States at the UniversalExhibition
to be held at Paris" in the year eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven shall consist of the com-
missioner general and honorary commissioner,
whose appointment was approved by the joint
resolution of January twenty-two, [fifteen,]
eighteen hundred and sixty-six; also of the
thirty commissioners whose appointment was
provided for by the joint resolution of July
five, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, and of
twenty commissioners, whose appointment is
hereinafter provided for.
II. That the commissioner general shall be
the president of the commission thus consti-
tuted, with a vote on all questions that may
arise.
III. That the commission shall meet at Paris
as early as possible before the opening of the
Exhibition, upon the call of the commissioner
general, and, when properly organized, shall
make such rules and regulations as may be
necessary for efficient action, with power to
elect a vice president fronS their own number,
who, in the absence of the commissioner gen-
eral, shall preside at all meetings of the com-
mission, and to appoint committees and chair-
men of groups.
IV. That the commission may designate
additional persons, not exceeding twenty in
number, being citizens of the United^ States,
known to be skilled in any branch of industry
or art, who are hereby authorized to attend the
Exhibition in behalf of the United States, as
honorary commissioners without compensation.
V. That the commission may employ a
secretary and clerks for the commission, the
necessary scientific assistants and draughts-
men, and may engage suitable rooms for the
commission.
VI. That no commissioner shall act as agent
for the show or sale of any article at the Exhi-
bition, or be interested, directly or indirectly,
in any profits from any such article.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That fifty
thousand dollars, or so much thereof as may
be necessary for the purposes severally speci-
fied, are hereby appropriated out of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated:
For additional freights from New York to
Havre.
For transportation and freight from Havre
to Paris.
For return freight of articles owned by the
United States or lent to the Government by
individuals.
For marine and fire insurance on the articles
thus lent. _ .
For additional steam power at Paris, m the
"palace" and the "annex," or supplemental
building, and in grounds adjacent.
For the exhibition of machines, agricultural
and other, and for the erection of buildings to
illustrate the education and agriculture of the
United States, and for the collection of speci-
mens of agricultural productions, under the
joint resolution for that purpose.
For the necessary expense of collecting,
classifying, labeling, and packing mineral-
ogical specimens, to complete the exhibition of
the mineral wealth of tne United States.
For the necessary expense of laborers and
extra service in the offices at Paris and New
York, and for the expenses of a secretary,
clerks, scientific assistants, and draughtsmen,
rooms, and other incidental expenses of the
commission.
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved, That it
shall be the duty of the general agent at New
York, and of the commissioner general at
Paris, to transmit to Congress, through the
Department of State, a detailed statement of
the manner in which the expenditures herein
authorized are made by them respectively.
Approved, March 12, 1867.
No. 2.—A Resolution extending the Time for
the Completion of the Improvement of the
Fox and Wisconsin Rivers.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the time provided
for the completion of the improvement of the
Fox and Wisconsin rivers, and a canal con-
necting the same, by section three of an act
of Congress, approved August eighth, eighteen
hundred and forty-six, entitled, "An act to
grant a certain quantity of land to aid in the
improvement of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers,
and to connect the same by a canal in the
Territory of Wisconsin," be, and the same
hereby is, extended for the term of five years
from and after the approval of this resolution,
with all the rights and privileges conferred by
said act.
Approved, March 12, 1867.
No. 3.—A Resolution presenting the Thanks
of Congress to George Peabody.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the thanks of Con-
gress be, and they hereby are, presented to
George Peabody, of Massachusetts, for his
great and peculiar beneficence in giving a large
sum of money, amounting to two million dol-
lars, for the promotion of education in the
more destitute portions of the'southern and
southwestern States, the benefits of which,
according to his direction, are to bo distrib-
uted among the entire population without any
distinction, except what may be found in needs
or opportunities of usefulness.
Sec. 2. Andbe it further resolved, That it
shall be the duty of the President to cause a
gold medal to be struck, with suitable devices
and inscriptions, which, together with a copy
of this resolution, shall be presented to Mr.
Peabody in the name of the people of the
United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved, That a
sufficient sum of money to carry this resolution
into cffect is hereby appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Approved, March Iff, 1807.
No. 4.—A Resolution for the Relief of Freed-
men or Destitute Colored People in the
District of Columbia.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress asscjnbled, That fifteen thousand dol-
lars'be, and the same is hereby, appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, for the relief of freedmea
or destitute colored people in the District of
Columbia, the same to be expended under the
direction of the Commissioner of the Bureau
of Freedmen and Refugees.
Approved, March 16, 1807.
No. 5.—Joint Resolution _ to authorize the
refunding of discriminating Duties exacted
upon Merchandise imported in Hawaiian
Vessels.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to
remit or refund all duties "whicli have been
assessed since the first day of Ja,nuary, one
thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, on Ha-
waiian vessels and their cargoes beyond the
