18611
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
47
Laws of the United States.
40th Cong....1st Sess.
No. 16.—A Resolution declaring the Meaning
of the second Section of the Act of the sec-
ond of March, eighteen hundred and sixty-
one, relative to Property lost in the Military
Service.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That section two of the
act of Congress entitled "An act to provide
for the payment of expenses incurred by the
Territories of Washington and Oregon in the
suppression of Indian hostilities therein in
the years eighteen hundred and fifty-five and
eighteen hundred and fifty-six," approved the
second of March, eighteen hundred and sixty-
one, shall be so construed that whenever any
claimant for lost property shall comply with
all the terms and conditions of the act of the
third of March, eighteen hundred an<l forty-
nine, on the subject of property lost in the
military service, he, she, or they shall be paid
the amount of the judgments in his, her, or
their favor, entered by the Third Auditor and
certified by him as required by the last-named
act, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Approved, March 28, 1867.
No. 17.-—Joint Resolution to furnish Trans-
portation of Provisions to the Destitute in
the South.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Navy, upon the application of the contributors
or of any person on their behalf, be. and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to charter a
vessel to convey provisions contributed by the
people from Baltimore, Maryland, to Wilming-
ton, North Carolina, for gratuitous distribu-
tion among the destitute of the South, under
the direction of the contributors and such reg-
ulations as may, by the Secretary of the Navy,
be prescribed.
Approved, March 29, 1867.
of such size, shape, and form, or cut in such
manner as to be fit for buttons exclusively.
Approved, March 29, 1807.
No. 18.—Joint Resolution in reference to the
Payment of the Salaries of Members of
Congress.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That each Senator, Mem-
ber of the House of Representatives, and Del-
egate in Congress, after having taken and sub-
scribed the required oath, shall be entitled to
receive his compensation at the £nd of each
month, at the rate now established by law, and.
an amount sufficient to pay their compensa-
tion and mileage to the first day of July next
is hereby appropriated out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, March 29, 1867.
No. 19.—Joint Resolution to amend an Act
entitled "An Act to Provide Increased Rev-
evnue from Imported Wool, and for other
purposes."
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the act entitled "An
act to provide increased revenuefrom imported
wool, and forotherpurposes," approved March
second, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, be
amended by striking out in the paragraph com-
mencing with the words " on webbings, belt-
ings, bindings, braids," the following words,
viz: ''unmixed with silk."
Sec. 2. Andbe it further resolved, That the
joint resolution of March second, eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven, to amend scctionfive
of an act entitled "'An act to increase the duties
on imports, and for other purposes," approved
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four, shall not be" construed to apply to last-
ing. mohair cloth, silk, twist, or other manu-
factures of cloth woven or juade in patterns
No. 20.—Joint Resolution providing for the
necessary Surveys for a Ship-Canal around
the Palls of the Ohio River, for Militarj',
Naval, and Commercial purposes.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and lie is hereby, authorized and directed
to cause surveys, with plans and estimates of
cost, to be made by an officer of engineers,
for a ship-canal around the falls of the Ohio
river on the Indiana side thereof, of suitable
location and dimensions for military, naval,
and commercial purposes; and also to cause
said officer to estimate the expense of com-
pleting the Louisville and Portland canal, on
the Kentucky side of said falls, according to
the plan on which the said canal company is
now progressing with said work, and that the
expenses of both be defrayed from the sums
appropriated in the acts of June twenty-three,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, and March
two, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, for
examination and surveys relating to the im-
provement of harbors and rivers on the north-
western lakes. ■
Approved, March 29, 1867.
No. 21.—Joint Resolution to authorize the
Secretary of War to build Dredge-Boats for
use at the mouth of the Mississippi River.
Be it resolved by the Senate and IIousc of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and is hereby, authorized, on the recom-
mendation of the engineer department, tobuil'd
and operate two dredge-boats for the purpose
of deepening and keeping open the channel of
one or more of the passes at the mouth of the
Mississippi, and to expend for that purpose
so much as may be necessary of the appropri-
ation for the improvement of the mouth of the
Mississippi river, provided for in the "Act
making appropriations for the repair, preser-
vation, and completion of certain public works
heretofore commenced under the authority of
law, and for other purposes," approved March
second, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven.
Approved, March 29, 1867.
No. 22.—Joint Resolution authorizing the
Second Auditor to settle the Accounts of
Officers of the Army in certain cases.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Second Auditor
be, and is hereby, authorized and instructed to
audit and settle the accounts of line officers ot
the Army to the extent of their pay for their
services as such, due them from the United
States, in all cases where such Auditor shall be
satisfied by affidavit of such line officer or other-
wise, of their inability to make their monthly
report or returns by reason of their having been
prisoners in the bands of the enemy, or any acci-
dent or casualty of war, they have been unable
to account for property in their possession.
Appp.oved, March 29, 1867.
No. 23.—Joint Resolution relative to thejssue
of Agricultural College Scrip to the States
lately in Rebellion.
Whereas on the third day of April, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, by the authority and
direction of the President of the United States,
agricultural college scrip, covering nearly two
hundred and seventy thousand acres, ^ was
issued and delivered to the State of North
Carolina, under the act of Congress of July
fifth [second], eighteen hundred and sixty-
two, providing for agricultural colleges; and
whereas, by the same authority, the General
Land Office is now preparing to issue scrip in
like manner to the States of Virginia, Georgia,
and Mississippi; and whereas said action of
the President takes for granted that said States
are restored to their proper constitutional re-
lation to the Union, and are to be recognized
in all respects as entitled to the rights of
the other States of the Union, which ques-
tions Congress alone can rightfully determine:
Therefore,
Beit resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the further issue or
delivery of such scrip to any of the States
lately in rebellion against the United States,
except the State of Tennessee, or the accept-
ance of such scrip or of any heretofore issued
by the registers or receivers of any of the land
offices of said States be, and the same is hereby,
prohibited until they shall be fully restored to
their rights as States by Congress.
Approved, March 29, 1867.
No. 24.—A Resolution in relation to the Edu-
cational Interests of the District of Columbia.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner of
Education be directed to ascertain the number
of children resident in the District of Colum-
bia over the age of six years and under the age
of eighteen years; the number of said children
that are blind, and the number that are deaf
and dumb; the number and character of public
school-houses, number of teachers, and the
number of pupils in attendance, number and
character of school libraries, character of text-
books used, average period per annum each
pupil is taught, and cost of tuition, with inci-
dental expenses of said schools, and report the
same to Congress at its next regular session,
together with his opinion of the relative effi-
ciency of the system now in force in said Dis-
trict, and whether any additional legislation is
necessary in order to secure the advantages of
said system to all of said children.
Approved, March 29, 1867.
No. 25.—A Resolution in reference to the
Collection and Payment of Moneys due Col-
ored Soldiers, Sailors, and Marines, or their
Heirs.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all checks and Treas-
ury certificates to be issued in the settlement of
claims for pay, bounty, prize-money, or other
moneys due to colored soldiers, sailors, or
marines, or their legal representatives now
residing, or who may have resided, in any State
in which slavery existed in the year eighteen
hundred and sixty, the claim for which has
been or may be prosecuted by an agent or
attorney, shall be made payable to the Com-
missioner of the Preedmen's Bureau, who shall
pay the said agent or attorney his lawful fees
and expenses, and shall hold the balance sub-
ject to the order of the claimants on satisfac-
tory identification ; but no money shall be paid
to any person except the claimant or his or her
legal representatives, if deceased; nor shall
any power of attorney, transfer, or assignment
of" the amount of said claims, or any part
thereof, be recognized or allowed by the Com-
missioner. or by any officer or agent acting
under him : and it shall be the duty of the said
Commissioner, the officers and agents of the
preedmen's Bureau, to facilitate as far as pos-
sible the discovery, identification, and payment
of the claimants.
Seu. 2. And be it further resolved, That the
Commissioner of the Preedmen's Bureau shall
be held responsible for the sale custody and
faithful disbursement of the funds hereby in-
trusted to him. In settling with the attorney
or agent of the claimant strict compliance with
the scale of fees prescribed by the second sec-
