48
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 30,
40th Oosro.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
tion of a joint resolution approved June twen-
ty-six, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, entitled
"Joint resolution amendatory of a joint reso-
lution respecting bounties to colored soldiers
and the pensions, bounties, and allowances to
their heirs," approved June fifteen, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, will in every case be
required and enforced; and if any attorney or
agent shall, in addition to notarial fees and
expenses of collecting such claim, demand re-
payment for money loaned or advanced to any
claimant, he shall be required to make oath to
the date and amount of such loan or advance,
or payment of the fees and expenses shall be
withheld; and when the claimant shall have
been properly identified, and his account is
ready for settlement, the balance due shall be
paid in current funds, and not in checks or
drafts.
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved, That all
money held or disbursed under the provisions
of this resolution shall be held and disbursed
tinder the same rules and regulations govern-
ing other disbursing officers of the Army.
Approved, March 29, 18G7.
No. 20.—A Resolution relative to the Payment
of Expenses incurred by the Judges of Elec-
tion for the Cities of Washington and George-
town, District of Columbia.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the corporations of
the cities of Washington and Georgetown, Dis-
trict of Columbia, be, and the same are hereby,
required to pay, or cause to be paid, all neces-
sary expenses, including printing, clerk hire,
room rent, stationery, and a per diem compen-
sation to each of the judges of election in the
respective cities, appointed under the act of
Congress entitled "An act to punish illegal
voting in the District of Columbia, and for
other purposes," approved February fifth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, of five dol-
lars per day for every day they shall be actually
employed in the discharge of their duties, and
the certificate of the judges of election of either
city, or a majority thereof, of the correctness
of any account arising cut of the action of said
judges, shall be deemed sufficient to constitute
the same a legal debt against the city to which
the judges so certifying shall belong. And it
shall be lawful for any of the said judges of
election to administer oaths in all cases relat-
ing to the duties assigned them by law, and any
person willfully makinga false statementunder
oath, before any of said judges, shall be deemed
guilty of perjury, and on conviction thereof
shall be subject to imprisonment for the term
of not less than one nor more than five years.
Sec. 2. Andbe it further resolved, That the
judges of the supreme court of the District of
Columbia shall appoint three commissioners
of election in each voting precinct in said cities
of Washington and Georgetown, who shall hold
their offices for two years and until their suc-
cessors are appointed and qualified, whose duty
it shall be to take charge of the ballot-boxes at
the polls at each election, to receive and deposit
in said boxes the ballots of legalized voters in
their respective precincts, to count the votes
after the polls are closed, and declare the result,
and make returns thereof as now provided by
law. And the said commissioners of election
shall receive the votes of all persons whose
names are on the list of voters in said precinct,
prepared by the judges of election aforesaid,
and none others; they shall have power to
administej oaths, and to examine persons offer-
ing to vote, and other witnesses as to the iden-
tity of voters, and shall receive from their
respective cities the same compensation for
their services as is now paid to the commis-
sioners of election in said cities; and any per-
son swearing falsely relative to the same shall
be deemed guilty of perjury, and shall, on con-
viction thereof, be subject to imprisonment for
the term of not less than one nor more than
five years. All acts and parts of acts incon-
sistent herewith are hereby repealed.
Approved, March 29, 18G7.
No. 27.—A Resolution in relation to the
Execution of Surveys of Rivers ordered
by Congress.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Chief of Engi-
neers may, with the approval of "the Secretary
of War, employ such civil engineers, not ex-
ceeding five in number, for the purpose of
executing the surveys and improvements of
western and northwestern rivers, ordered by
Congress, as may be necessary to the proper
and diligent prosecution of the same, and the
persons so employed may be allowed a rea-
sonable compensation for their services, not to
exceed the sum of three thousand dollars per
annum.
' Approved, March 29, 1867.
No. 28.—A Resolution for the Relief of the
Destitute in the Southern and Southwestern
States.
Resolved by the Senate ancl House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and hereby is, empowered and directed to
issue supplies of food sufficient to prevent
starvation and extreme want to any and all
classes of destitute or helpless person^ of the
people in those southern and southwestern
States where a failure of the crops and other
causes have occasioned wide-spread destitu-
tion ; that the issues be made through the
Freedmen's Bureau, under such regulations
as the Secretary of War shall prescribe. And
to that end the Secretary of War is hereby
authorized and directed, through the Commis-
sioner of the Freedmen's Bureau, to apply so
much as he may deem necessary for the pur-
poses aforesaid of the unexpended moneys
heretofore appropriated to supply freedmen
and refugees with provisions or rations: Pro-
vided, That the expenditure shall not extend
beyond the present appropriations already made
for the Freedmen's Bureau.
Approved, March 30, 18G7.
No. 29.—A Resolution authorizing the Trans-
fer of certain Funds, and providing for the
Purchase of Seeds and their Distribution in
the Southern States.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of fifty thou-
sand dollars is hereby transferred from the
funds in charge of the Commissioner of the
Bureau of Freedmen, Refugees, and Aban-
doned Lands, and placed to the credit of the
Department of Agriculture ; and that said sum
shall be used, under the direction of the Com-
missioner of Agriculture, for the purchase of
seeds of improved varieties of vegetables and
cereals, and their distribution in the southern
States.
Approved, March 30, 1867.
No. 30.—A Resolution directing the Secre-
tary of War to furnish certain Arms and
Equipments to the State of Tennessee.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, directed to furnish arms
and equipments to the State of Tennessee,
sufficient for ten thousand militia, to be ac-
counted for by the State of Tennessee to the
Government of the United States.
Approved, March 30, 18G7.
No. 31.—Joint Resolution suspending all Pro-
ceedings in relation to Payment for Slaves
Drafted or received as Volunteers in the
Military Service of the United States.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all further proceed-
ings under the twenty-fourth section of the
act of Congress approved February twenty-
fourth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, "to
award compensation to the masters of slaves
drafted into the military service of the United
States, and award compensation to persons to
whom colored volunteers may owe service,"
and under the second section of the act ap-
proved July twenty-eighth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, "making appropriation for pay-
ment to persons claiming service or labor from
colored volunteers or drafted men," be, and
the same are hereby, suspended. And the Sec-
retary of War is directed to dissolve the com-
missions appointed under the said sections,
and make payment to the commissioners and
clerks for the services rendered, upon their
making report of their proceedings to the Wai
Department.
Approved, March 30, 1867.
No. 32.—Joint Resolution providing for the
Expenses of carrying into full effect an Act
entitled "An Act to provide for the more
efficient Government of the Rebel States."
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That sufficient money is
hereby appropriated, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to defray
the expenses of carrying into full effect in all
its parts an act entitled "An act to provide for
the more efficient government of the rebel
States," passed March two, eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven, with all its supplementary
acts: Provided, That the amount shall not
exceed five hundred thousand dollars.
Approved, March 80, 18G7.
No. 33.—A Resolution to authorize the Com-
manding General of the Army to permit
Traders to remain at certain Military Posts.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Commanding
General of the Army shall be authorized to
permit a trading establishment to be main-
tained after the first day of July, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven, at any military post on
the frontier, not in the vicinity of any city or
town, and situated at any point between the
one hundredth meridian of longitude, west
from Greenwich, and the eastern boundary of
the State of California, when, in his judgment,
such establishment is needed for the accom-
modation of emigrants, freighters, and other
citizens: Provided, That after the commissary
department shall be prepared to supply stores
to soldiers, as required by law, no trader, per-
mitted to remain at such post, shall sell any
goods kept by the commissary department to
any enlisted men: And provided further, That
such traders shall be under protection and mil-
itary control as camp followers.
Approved, March 30, 18G7.
No. 84.—A Resolution for the Purchase of
Lands adjoining the Navy-Yard at Brooklyn.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Navy be authorized to complete the purchase
of the property adjoining the New York navy-
yard, known as the Ruggles property, without
the previous assent of the State of New York:
Provided, The title is otherwise approved by
the Attorney General.
• Approved, March 30, 18G7.
