18K7.]
APPENDIX TO THE CON(iilESSIONAL GLOBE.
49
Laws of the, United States.
40th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
No. 38.—Joint Resolution authorizing tbe Sec-
retary of the Navy to admit to examination
Morris Rice Evans for admission to the
Naval Academy in September next.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Navy be, and he is hereby, authorized to ex-
amine for admission to the Naval Academy,
in September next, Morris Rice Evans, in the
same manner as though he had presented him-
self in .Tune, as provided by regulation.
Ari'RuvEU, July 19, 1SG7.
No. 30.—Joint Resolution to carry into effect
the several Acts providing for the more effi-
cient Government of the Rebel States.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That, for the purpose of
carrying into effect the above-named acts,
there be appropriated, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of one million dollars.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
B. F. WADE.
President of the Senate pro tempore.
Ix the H0U.se of representatives, U. S-,
July 19, 1867.
The President of the United States having
returned to the House of Representatives, in
which it originated, the resolution entitled
'• Joint resolution to carry into effect the sev-
eral acts providing for the more efficient gov-
ernment of the rebel States," with his objec-
tions thereto, the House of Representatives
proceeded, in pursuance of the Constitution,
to reconsider the same ; and
jBesolvecl, That the joint resolution do pass,
two thirds of the House of Representatives
agreeing to pass the same.
Attest: EDWD. MePHERSON,
Clerk II. R. U. S.
In the Sen-ate of the United States,
July 19, 1867.
The Senate having proceeded, in pursuance
of the Constitution, to reconsider the resolu-
tion entitled "Joint resolution to carry into
effect the several acts providing for the more
efficient government of the rebel States," re-
turned to the House of Representatives by the
President of the United States, with his objec-
tions, and sent by the House of Represent-
atives to the Senate, with the message of the
President returning the resolution :
Resolved, That the resolution do pass, two
thirds of the Senate agreeing to pass the same.
Attest: J.W.FORNEY,
Secretary.
By W. J. McDONALD,
.   Chief Clerk.
No. 40.—Joint Resolution authorizing exten-
i sions of the Mail Steamship Service between
the United States and China and Japan.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That the Postmaster Gen-
eral be, and he is hereby, authorized to extend
and improve the mail steamship service to
Japan and China, authorized by act of Febru-
ary seventeenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
five, by establishing regular mail connections
with such other seaports in China and Japan
as will, in his judgment, promote the useful-
ness and efficiency of the mail' service estab-
lished by said act: Provided, That such exten-
sions and improvements of the service are
made without additional expense to the Gov-
ernment.
Am-roved, July 20, 1867.
No. 41.—A Resolution declaring Sympathy
witli the Suffering People of Crete.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the people of the
United States feel a strong sympathy with the
people of Crete, constituting a part of the
Greek family to which civilization owes so
much; that they are pained by the report of
the present sufferings of this interesting peo-
ple ; and they unite in the hope that this declar-
tioti, which they feel it their duty to make, will
be favorably considered by the Government
of Turkey in determining its policy toward
Crete.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved. That it
shall be the duty of the President of the Uni-
ted States to communicate this resolution to
the Government of Turkey.
Approved, July 20, 1867.
40th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 4.
