
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,

May 20, 1864.

No trains contain supplies, baggage, or ammunition will be brought to the front from the main supply train without authority from these headquarters. Whenever issues are necessary the wagons will be brought up under the direction of the chief quartermaster, and in a consolidated shape. Sufficient care is not take to secure the position of our troops and their train accompanying them from the observation of the enemy's signal station. Advantage should always be taken of the screen afforded by a belt of woods. When this cannot be had, the troops should be disposed under the cover of a ridge if practicable, and the men prevented from straggling up into the view of the enemy.

By command of Major-General Hannock:

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

May 20, 1864-5 p. m.

The command will more to-night as follows: First Division at 11 p. m. by way of Anderson's Mill and Massaponax Church. A staff officer from these headquarters will conduct the column. Second Division will follow the First. The Fourth Division will more by the cross-road from the Gate to the Massaponax road, by Abbott's, and enter the Massaponax road immediately after the Second Division. A staff officer will conduct this column. The Third Division will move immediately after the Fourth, leaving one brigade as rear guard. The commandant of artillery will assign two batteries to each division. The remaining batteries and caissons will move between the Third and Fourth Divisions. Each division will be followed by ten ambulances and one medical wagon, and ammunition-wagons sufficient for 10 extra roads per man (besides the 50 rounds on the person) and one wagon load of entrenching tools. One-half of the ammunition, medical wagons, and ambulances will be sent to the general train under charge of Captain McEntee, assistant quartermaster. The bridge train proper will move at dark to Massaponax Church. From this point it will follow the Reserve Artillery train. All other vehicles permitted to move with the troops will be assembled and will move in rear of the Third Division, under charge of Colonel Batchelder, chief quartermaster. The commandant of the rear guard will place a part of his command on each flank of this train. Commanders will take every precaution to keep the column closed, leaving staff officers at difficult places on the road to see that the men keep well closed and in the ranks. It is of the first importance that the command be kept compact and in hand. All stragglers will be likely to fall into the hands of the enemy. The cavalry under General Torbert will move at 11 p. m. by way of Guiney's Station, pushing on as far as practicable toward Bowling Green and picketing all roads intersecting the main route.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

