HEADQUARTERS,Belle Plain, Va., May 22, 1864.

Brigadier General H. W. BENHAM,

Commanding Engineer Corps, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: General Abercrombie desires to say to you that he is about to telegraph to General Grant, and if you wish it he will telegraph in relation to your pontoons, &amp;c. Your servant's family can be brought in to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT L. ORR,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

FREDERICKSBURG, VA., May 22, 1864.

Captain ORR,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Lieutenant-General Grant has ordered General Ferrero, who has heretofore covered our right, to Guiney's Station, 10 miles south of this. I report the fact to you as having bearing on the defenses of this place; there is no artillery here that I am aware of. I send the troops, as they arrive here, to accompany trains, agreeable to orders from General Grant.

ED. SCHRIVER,

Inspector-General, Commanding.

MAY 22, 1864.

Colonel E. SCHRIVER,

Commanding Forces, Fredericksburg:

Your telegram of this date has been received. The general commanding desires me to say that you will reserve a sufficient force from the troops passing to the front the protection of Fredericksburg, and you will report the number of troops to general commanding. i have but one four-gun battery here, which is required for the protection of this post and depot.

J. J. ABERCROMBIE.
HEADQUARTERS

Fredericksburg, May 22, 1864.

Captain R. L. ORR.

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Belle Plain:

CAPTAIN: I have your letter of the 21st instant respecting paroled prisoners; also a small mail to-night by the messenger. It will depend on circumstances whether more infantry will be required here. I telegraphed you that General Ferrero had, by orders, uncovered the right and gone to Giney's Station. If the enemy should see fit to make a raid on this town, where there are many wounded and much property, the force here to resist it ought to be considerably increased. There is no artillery here. Perhaps it would be as well for the general to come up here, if he has time, to look to this subject.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,ED. SCHRIVER,

Inspector-General, Commanding.

