
MAY 22, 1864.

Colonel E. SCHIFER,

Fredericksburg:

There are 500 men fifty wagons on the road to Fredericksburg. General Lockwood's brigade and these regiment march at 3 this p. m.

J. J. ABERCROMBIE.
HEADQUARTERS,Fredericksburg, May 22, 1864.

General s. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: Under the regiments requirements of General Grant's special orders, dated May 20, re-enforcements for the army arriving here have been halted for the purpose of escorting trains to the front. Yesterday the following reported: Lieutenant Swan, Eighth New York Heavy Artillery, with 100 men and 2 officers; Lieutenant Scripture, Seventeen New York Heavy Artillery, with 40 men; Major Taft, Ninth New York Heavy Artillery, 1,800 men. All these officers and troops were sent forward at different hour as circumstances demanded. The Twenty-third and Eighth-second Pennsylvania Volunteers also reported, but are still here for the purpose of escorting to the front trains expected hourly from Belle Plain. In passing around the suburbs of the town on the Falmouth side to ascertain if there were any troops available for guards who had not report, an officer happened upon Major Taft's command, who, on being accosted, wondered how I knew he was there. He was directed to report me, and on doing so, at 2.45 p.m. on the 21st, he exhibited the following order-
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,No.-. Belle Plain, Va., May 18, 1864.

The following detail is ordered from the Night New York Heavy Artillery: Four hundred men property officered to guard a train of wagons forward. This detail will report to Captain Pitkin, assistant quartermaster, at the wharf, at 5 a. m. May 19, 1864, with rations, and will report to their proper officer in the Army of the Potomac when the duty is accomplished.

By ordered of Brigadier-General Abercrombie:

ROBERT L. ORR,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Colonel J. WELLING,

Ninth New York Heavy Artillery.

and made the following statement:

There companies arrived at Fredericksburg on night of 19th at 9 p. m.; two at 12 or 1 midnight; there at 7 p. m. 20th; one at 8 a. m. 21st; two at 1 p. m. 21st; one is yet to come.

But for accident meeting this officer he probably would have remained where he was to this hour. The case is submitted for the commanding general's information.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. SCHRIVER,

Inspector-General, Commanding.

P. S.-The Twenty-third and Eighty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers have been ordered forward (12 m.) with a train arrived from Belle Plain.

E. S.

