
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 23. In the Field, Va., May 22, 1864.

I. Division commanders wills send immediately the names of officers that may be appointed as provost-marshals of divisions and brigades. A guard of 10 mounted men has been sent to each division for provost duty: they will perform such duty only and on no occasion be used as orderlies.

II. All contrabands throughout camp will be collected immediately and sent to these headquarters. Only the usual allowance of officers' servant and company cooks will be recognized. A strict compliance of this order is required at once.

By command of Major-General Smith:

NICOLAS BOWEN,

Lieutenant Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 24. In the Field, Va., May 22, 1864.

A thorough inspection of all the transportation of this corps will be made by the quartermaster of the respective commands at 8 a. m. to-morrow. All deficiencies will be immediately supplied and all repairs made and everything done to render it perfectly effective. Attention will we given to the cleaning and oiling of harness, grooming of horses, greasing of wheels, good condition of running-gear and water buckets, the tightening of nuts, screws, &amp;c. The Ambulance Corps will be supplied at once by the quartermaster's department with its full allowance of forage wagons, forge, &c.

NICOLAS BOWEN,

Lieutenant Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., May 22, 1864.

Brigadier General W. T. BROOKS,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The following is a copy of instructions received this day from department headquarters:

IN THE FIELD, May 22, 1864.

Major General W. F. Smith,

Commanding Eighteenth Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to call your attention to the following points, all of which you have undoubtedly observed: Fort Wisconsin and the work at the creek should be pushed to completion. The tress on the ravine on Martindale's and Brooks' front should be more fully slashed. There should be a traverse across the opening in Dutton's The abatis in front of Morston should be completed, General Brooks to furnish the garrison for the redoubt in advance of his right; this garrison to keep out an independent picket-line. General Brooks told me verbal he wold attend to this. A new redoubt will be laid out in the open ground in rear of and near Brook's right. General Marston told me he would build it with from his command He desires this privilege. The portion of the line joining Dutton and Martindale is not complete, nor are all the banquettes constructed.

Very respectfully, your, &c.,

G. WEITZEL,

Brigadier-General and Chief Engineer.

