
you? I am anxious to be doing something. I saw Captain West to-day; he told me where you were. If you can do anything for me with General Grant I will ever feel grateful.

I am, general, with much respect, your obedient servant,

WM. H. BOYD,

Colonel Twenty-first Pennsylvania Cavalry, Late Captain First New York Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FORTIETH MASSACHUSETTS,May 22, 1864.

Major-General SMITH,

Commanding Eighteenth Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request that you will use your influence to have me assigned to the Eighteenth Corps. My regiment belonged to the Eleventh, now Twentieth, Corps, and has never been transferred to the Tenth by orders from the War Department. My reasons for asking for this charge are, that I am not satisfied with my commanders, and my regiment would prefer being with their State troops. The assignment commands has been regulated apparently by favoritism. I was very willing to abide by any decision till I found myself placed under incompetent persons, and then my duty to myself and my regiment demanded that I should, if possible, get it changed. The records of the War Department show that in command of my battery, regiment, and brigade I have always done my duty as a soldier, and as such I should like to be treated. Trusting you will not regard this as a complaint, but as a desire to serve under soldiers, I remain,

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GUY V. HENRY,

Colonel Fortieth Massachusetts Volunteers.

MAY 22, 1864-7.30 p. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER CITY POINT:

Inform me if General Hinks has returned. Let me know at once your opinion of the condition of the Point; its capability of resisting attack, and in general what is the present position. Also the same information regarding Fort Powhatan, if General Hinks has returned.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

MAY 22, 1864-9 p. m.

Brigadier-General WILD,

Wilson's Wharf:

I am informed that there is a signal working at Harrison's Landing. It is not possible to break it up?

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

