HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, May 23, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

What you say in your note of the 20th about the major-generals is correct. There are two vacancies. The law allows five. You filled an original vacancy, and I last year unaged Sherman's name for Woo;'s place; but could not get him appointed. Your promotion makes a second vacancy, and I have urged the names of Meadle and Sherman, and Hancock for Meade's place as brigadier. There is some obstacle in the way and I can's remove it. I am not certain what it is but can guess. Perhaps you will be enlightened a little by knowing what are some of the outside influences. I understand the names of Butler and Sickles have been strongly urged by politicians, in order they say to break "West Point influence."

It will not be difficult to draw conclusions. This is entre nous.

Your, truly,

H. W. HALLECK.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Moncure's House, Va., May 23, 1864-2 p. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: The Second Corps will proceed to suitable campaign-grounds on the banks of the North Anna, near the New Brigade, which is the crossing of the Telegraph road over the Anna. If possible, the bridge and crossing will be secured. This corps will also extend east to hold the railroad bridge. The Ninth Corps will take position to the right of the Second Corps and will seize Ox Ford, a ford over the Anna next west of New Bridge. If practicable, this ford will also be held. The Fifth Corps will occupy the bank of the river to cover and hold Jericho Ford. The Sixth Corps will take place on the right of the Fifth Corps. If any bridge or ford is to their front it will be seized and held; if none front effort will be made to open roads to the river at points where crossing may be effected to their front.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 23, 1864-8 a. m.

Brigadier-Grant BENHAM:

Your dispatch of last evening received. As your instructions to proceed to Belle Plain did not pass through me, I presume your instructions governed the present case. Take the bridge at Belle Plain to Washington, and await orders, there, providing for towing what is at Fredericksburg to Port Royal, and wherever after it may be needed.

A. A. HUMPREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

