
is now proceeding toward Chesterfield Ford. My cavalry appears to have turned off to the right from this place, and have gone to Jericho Ford, which they now hold on this side, the enemy's cavalry being on the other side. I have already communicated with General Warren's column on my right, which appears to have been marching on the roads to Jericho Brigade, two division of it. General Warren, thinking he was on the wrong roads, has, I understand, taken these two division off more to the right. General Torbert has passed from here down the same road struck the t column. I shall hold Jericho Bridge until General Burnside comes up, but shall get General Tobert to come down and get possession of Chesterfield Ford. in the mean time I shall push the infantry on. The guns that are firing occasionally are either from General Torbert or the head of General Warren's column.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

MAY 23, 1864-11.30 A. M.

Major-General HANCOCK:

GENERAL: If it is necessary for column to follow Torbert I will not be in the way. The map is so erroneous that it is difficult to tell which way to go, by anything named on it. I have followed the Telegraph road, which runs nearly south, 20 degrees east (I have mapped it), and found myself much nearer the railroad than I expect. I doubt existence of the road between it and the railroad, as laid down. I was skirmishers Rosser's cavalry back when Torbert got up, and had gotten in view of the river. Torbert went ahead, and I think drove the foe from the south side. A deserter says there in infantry and artillery there. I gave way to Torbert and am now prospecting further up the stream at what is called Jericho Mills. There is said to be a ford there, but no brigade. The road General Torbert came out on strikes the Telegraph road at Carmel Church, and by the Telegraph road thence it is perhaps 2 or 3 miles to the North Anna. Captain Miller, who has just arrived, says you are about 1 1\2 miles of and a little northeast of Carmel Church. If you communicate with General Meade will you please forward this for his information.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,May 23, 1864-11.40 p. m.

Colonel WALKER;

COLONEL: At Mount Carmel Church, about 1 1\2 miles from where I left General Hancock, I found General Warren. At the church the road forks; General Torbert has taken the left-hand road with his cavalry, General Warren the right-hand, with his corps.

W. D. W. MILLER,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

