
behind. They have strong earth-works there. The enemy are constantly moving troops by brigades in full sight. I think the earthworks can be taken between the creek and the river. I am waiting for my artillery to open, but it takes some time to find positions for it. I have a brigade across the creek now waiting for my artillery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,May 23, 1864-4.20 p. m.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: A contraband has just come in from across the river who states that all the enemy's forces are stationed from opposite here down to Hanover Junction; that the corps are there-Hill Longstreet, and Ewell, and General Lee; but that some of the troops are moving to the right toward Richmond. I send you the information for what it may be worth.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

The contraband reports taht the river is about half a mile from the creek; that it can be easily forward; taht there is a brigade across is about 25 yards wide. He says also it is commanded by fortifications.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,May 23, 1864-4.35 p. m.

General MEADE:

GENERAL: I have received by Captain Meade the dispatch* from General Grant. I have not seen General Torbert for two hours. I have sent to find him in order to instant him according to the terms of the dispatch, as I had done before. From present appearances it looks as if no crossing of the river can be forced here at present, as all accounts agree that the enemy are in forces, and there is a creek between us and the river, with obstacles, to be passed-the said obstacles consisting of batteries, with epaulements, as before reported, and the same on the other side of the river. I have a brigade across creek, and am endeavoring to get my artillery to open to enable to take works the country is so wooded and unknown, as well as little favorable for artillery, taht it takes time.

Your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

CARMEL CHURCH-4.35 P. M.

I send a dispatch from Warren with this. I have ordered Wright down to Warren's crossing.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

---------------

* See second indorsement, Grant to Meade, 4.15 p. m., p. m.

---------------

