
been directed to furnish it on your application. In the same manner, in case you do not attempt to cross and Burnside does, and wants assistance, you will give it to him on his call. Advise me at the earliest moment of what you propose to do.

Respectfully, yours,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,

Near Milford, May 23, 1864-2.30 a. m.

The following is the order of march for to-day, May 23: At 5 a. m. a force of cavalry under Brigadier-General Torbert will move in the direction of Chesterfield, supported by a brigade of infantry from General Birney's division, and followed by the entire command in the following order: Third Division, Major-General Birney; Fourth Division, Brigadier-general Tyler; Second Division, Brigadier-General Gibbon; First Division, Brigadier-General Barlow. The chief of artillery will assign two batteries to each division. The remainder of the artillery and the bridge train will move after the First Division, which will furnish a rear guard of a brigade. The ambulances and spring wagons will follow their divisions; other wagons will follow the artillery an bridge train, and will move under direction of Colonel Batchelder, chief quartermaster. Each division commander will see that the entrenching tools used by his command are properly repacked, an will send them to the train near corps headquarters. It is reported that roads can be found other than the one laid down on the map, from Milford to Chesterfield, via Athens; otherwise, and unless special instructions are given to the contrary, the command will move by the road. The regiments of heavy artillery will move with their own division. The Fifth Corps will be moving on our right flank, and the Ninth Corps on their flank or in rear. General Torbert, commanding cavalry, will endeavor to keep up communication with these commands, and will have all roads on the flank of the column thoroughly examinined and picketed. Corps headquarters during the morning will be near the leading division. Unless the enemy are met before reaching the North Anna the command will move to Chesterfield.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,May 23, 1864-5.25 p. m.

General [GIBBON]:

General Barlow's skirmishers are across the river, and engaged, whether with cavalry or infantry do not know. He is trying to seize the road. General Birney is examining a ford higher up, but will not cross at present view of things. He reports seeing rebel infantry farther up. It is not supposed that this will affect the result of your operations. It toots as if Barlow had got the road. He will across with great caution regiment by regiment.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

F. A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

