
JERICHO MILLS, May 23, 1864-1.30 p. m.

Major-General MEADE:

The enemy made no show of resistance at this point. My infantry are fording. Pope's cavalry will follow the first brigade. I do not believe the enemy intends holding the North Anna. There is no bridge here. I am fording. The point is about 2 miles due west from the Telegraph road at Carmel Church.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.

P. S. -I could have been over two hours sooner, but there was no one who knew the place as a bridge, and I was taken toward the bridge on the Telegraph road by a negro, who said he knew every brigade on the river.

G. K. W.

I have informed General Hancock, and asked him to send word to you if he knows where to. I fear this will be a long time reaching you.

[Indorsement.]

It appears from the within that Warren has crossed the river; should he go on or only the crossing? What should Wright do; cross after Warren or go to some point high up?

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,May 23, 1864-2.35 p. m.

Major-General WARREN, Commanding Fifth Corps:

SIR: I am now at Taylor's Bridge, where the enemy have epaulements and some batteries. My skirmishers are across, and I am just pushing them forward a short distance. I am planting batteries, to have a cover-fire, and if I can seize the crossing and establish a bridge-head. I will do so, although as I have mo orders to cross, I shell not do so unless it appears pretty plain. I have hold by a brigade a crossing 1 1\2 miles to my right (the enemy have a battery there) which I suppose you will relieve as I am extending t the left across the railroad, my right in front of General Cutler's position (sa I last saw it). I am picketing the river. The enemy appear to be in force, yet I doubt if they can prevent a crossing. I hear the whist of the locomotives on the Virginia Central.

WINF'D HANCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Jericho Mills, May 23, 1864-3.20 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

GENERAL: I took what I thought the right road from Harris' Store. My general course was south 20 degrees east. I was driving back Rosser's cavalry when I learned that General Hancock was coming that way. I immediately turned off Griffin's division to this point, and we saved the crossing. General Griffin's division if now over. He has advanced so that his sharpshooters cover the railroad. He had a skirmishers with some South Carolina infantry in

