
prisoners and they reported the whole of Lee's army about, which made every part of the line feel nervous. I believe, however, from examination, taht the prisoners meant only taht the whole army was south of the river. Some of the prisoners said they through we

were only cavalry. I will have my position quite secure by morning and everything in order.

Respectfully,

G, K. WARREN,

Major-General.

MAY 23, 1864.

General HUMPHREYS:

We captured quite a number of prisoners. It will require daylight before I can tell how much we or the enemy suffered. We captured Colonel Brown, commanding McGowan's brigade, and the adjutant-general of Thomas' brigade.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN.

P. S. -I inclose an order* showing they are putting in the ranks.

G. K. WARREN.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,May 23, 1864-9.30 p. m.

Major General G. K. WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

GENERAL: There is an island in front of me between me and the river

made by a small creek which I at first mistook for the river. Of this island the enemy had a redoubt, built some five months since, and rifle-pits in connection. Behind this redoubt the brigade leads across the river, and on their side of the river there are five or six redoubts also said to have been built some months since; these command the island. This evening late two brigades of my troops carried the redoubt and rifle-pits on the island a galling and continued musketry and artillery fire, and swept the enemy from the island, taking a number of prisoners. I now hold the head of the bridge and am entrenching. I hope think, however, that this is favorable point for crossing the troops, as the enemy's redoubts before spoken of command island or peninsula.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 23, 1864-10.30 p. m.

Major-General WARREN:

I congratulate you and your gallant corps for the handsome manner in which you repulsed the enemy' attack. I have directed General

---------------

* Not found.

9 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT III

---------------

