
Wright to have his corps across by daylight to support you. Hancock is order to force a passage at daylight with his corps and Burnside's. Hancock reports driving the enemy across the river and securing the brigade and passage. If you have an opportunity with your own corps and Wright's to attack to advantage, do so.

Respectfully, yours,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

May 23, 1864.

Generals Crawford and Cutler will begin to move with the batteries now with them at 5 a. m., General Cutlel taking the road south from Harris' Store, and General Crawford following the Telegraph road. General Crawford will come back on the main road he last left. On reaching the junction of these two roads General Cutler will take the lead if the route will not admit of both. General Griffin, with remainder of the batteries, will follow General Crawford. The engineers, with the troops and the pontoon train, will follow General Griffin. The wagon train will follow the engineer train. Colonel Maryland Brigade will bring up the rears as rear guard. The cavalry, under Colonel Pope, will precede General Crawford on the Telegraph road, Colonel Pope starting at 4.30 a. m., and will keep well in advance of the column, keeping the road as near to the east of Hawkins' Creek as can be found. Commanders of divisions and independent detachments and brigade will have reveille sufficient early to allow their commands to take their place in the command assigned them, and be carted to prevent straggling. The usual music calls may be had.

By command of Major-General Warren:

A. S. MARVIN, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,May 23, 1864-3.30 p. m.

General GRIFFIN:

I intend to move your division this afternoon-I think out on the road along the railroad opposite your right. I have yet fully determined which road to take,but will let you know as soon as I do. I give you this preliminary notice that you will have to move.

It is by orders from headquarters preparatory to an advance tomorrow. General Meade's headquarters have moved up here, and I am getting all our trains across.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,Major 23, 1864-9 p. m.

[General WARREN:]

GENERAL: A report reaches me from General Barlett Breckinridge has just come up to re-enforce, and is now on the railroad.

