
out, and I desire to know when they can be obtained. The officer will designate where I am. I beg that directions be sent to the battery officers in regard to their fire. Colonel Hardin was knocked from his horse and hurt, and my skirmish line on the left had to retire, as the shells or our own batteries over them.

Very respectfully,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General.

MAY 23, 1864.

General CRAWFORD:

I have directed your brigade to be sent to you as soon as I can hear where it is. I have plenty of re-enforcements for daybreak. The batteries will be cautioned. Entrenching tools will come up as soon as General Wright clears the road of his troops, and so will rations. I wish you would be sure and send in your prisoners to me.

I send you one regiment of Cutler's brigade.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,May 23, 1864-7.30 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

I sent a reconnaissance of cavalry and infantry this morning on the road from Thornburg to Chilesburg. It has not yet been heard from, but I am morning down the Telegraph road on the route followed by Fifth Corps yesterday. i have not yet been able to get hold of our supplies, through I have had orderlies after them and the orders have reached the commissaries. If anything can be done by you in the way of directing the trains taken to join me I shall be obliged. The orderly taking is in search of the train, with instructions to the corps commissary. Front the order received last night, I am first assumed I was not to move till the result of reconnaissance was known, but as there was some uncertainty in regard to the intention of the order, I am moving, as before stated, without waiting. This will probably bright me up against Warren very soon.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,May 23, 1864-11.45 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

The head of my column is at Allen's, about a mile beyond Dr. Flippo's where I have brought up a against Fifth Corps, and where I find my supplies. I am doubling up and issuing, and as fast as issues are made will move on. Ewell and Longstreet both reports to have passed here on Saturday evening and yesterday. Road filled by them: Longstreet behind. Warren's corps camp up

