
about half an hour after rear guard had passed. The first of these troops are said to have gone to Chesterfield; the last Month Carmel Church, on Telegraph road, 1 mile this side of river. Hampton dined at Welch's, near madison's Ordinary, on Saturday. I have sent forward to learn more of the roads and which one Warren takes, and shell follow the one on his right if it runs this side of Hawkin's Creek. If it does not, I shall follow Warren unless otherwise ordered. I have not been able to learn from citizens and negroes, so far, of any such creek as Hawkins'.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,May 23, 1864-7 p. m.

General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: General Warren expressly desiring it, and on account of the heavy firing, I am bringing my corps to the vicinity of the crossing. One division will be formed parallel to the river, the other making an angle facing nearly west to protect the flank. The third to be left with trains according to original design.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,

May 23, 1864.

The corps will move at once to the forks of the road, where one branch leads to Beaver Dam Station and the other to Jericho Brigade, thence south by roads reaching the [North] Anna, as near to and east of Hawkins' Creek as they can be found. The order of march will be: First Second Division; second, First Division; third, Third Division. The trains and artillery will move in parallel columns with the infantry, which will march on the right-hand side of the road. One battery will report to Brigade-General Ricketts, who will detail a rear guard to march in reach of the entire column, covering the trains and arresting stragglers. Major Forsyth's cavalry will cover the right and rear.

By command of Major-General Wright:

M. T. McMAHON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 23, 1864-3 p. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Commanding Ninth Army Corps:

The lieutenant-general commanding desires you to follow general Hancock with your corps. The bearer will show you the road.

Very respectfully,

O. E. BABCOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel Aide-de-Camp.

