HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Plain View, May 23, 1864-9 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

General Willcox's division is in position at Ox Ford, with pickets connecting with General Hancock. We have not yet been able to connect with the pickets of General Warren. General Crittenden's division is in the rear of General Willcox, and general Potter's division, which came in a few moments ago, in placed on the right hand side of the Telegraph road, in the rear of General Potter's division; it can be found by coming down the Telegraph road about a quarter of a mile this side of Carmel Church, at the end of the woods, then across the open space to the right about 600 or 700 yards, to the only house in sight.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Near North Anna, May 23, 1864-10.30 p. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Commanding Ninth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Hold your corps as a reserve to re-enforce the Second Corps (which is to force a crossing of the Anna at daylight), or to effect a crossing at Ox Ford, as may by deemed most advisable. General Hancock is directed to effect the crossing at New Bridge, and has been authorized to call for such assistance as he may require. You will, therefore, if called on by him send all the assistance be may ask for. If your troops are not required at New Bridge get them as well in line in front of the ford and between you and the enemy as possible, and effect a crossing if you can. You had better see General Hancock or communicate with him to-night and ascertain whether you can give the best support by crossing with him or by operating over your present front. My headquarters will be moved in the morning to Mount Carmel Church.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, NINTH CORPS,May 23, 1864-3 a. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Corps:

COLONEL: General Grittenden, who is asleep, desires me to report in replay to General Burnside's inquiry as to the brigade some 2 mile in our front, that the division officer of the day, in accordance with the instructions of the corps of the day, has posted a guard of 2 officers and 50 men over it.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. J. MILLS,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

