
CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. SECOND DIV., NINTH ARMY CORPS,

Near Bethel Church, Va., May 23, 1864.

Commanders of brigades batteries will their commands in readiness to move at 6 a. m. precisely. Trains will follow in rear of the division. The Forty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers is detailed as a rear guard of the command. The disgraceful laxity of all officers of the division in the matter of straggling has called forth the severest animal versions at the headquarters to the army. All brigade and regiment commanders will detailed a sufficient rear guard to prevent all straggling, who will use their bayonets freely, and if necessary, shoot any straggler. No person will be permitted to fall out without a written certificate of disability from a medical officers or men detailed on necessary duty. Any person caught pillaging will be summarily dealt with. The name of any officers found absent from his command without authority will be taken, and recommended for dismissal. Commanding officers be held responsible for the strict enforcement of this order, which will be read at the head of each regiment and battery before starting. The division officer of the day, and the command of the regiment detailed as a rear guard will report at these headquarters for instructions at 6 a. m.

By command of Brigadier-General Potter:

SMAL. WRIGHT,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE UNITED STATES,Near Bethel, Va., May 23, 1864.

Brigadier-General FERRERO,

Commanding Fourth Division, Ninth Army Corps:

GENERAL: All organized troops not of your command, or specially assigned to escort trains by General Meade, you will please send forward to report to General Meade without delay. It is of the greatest importance to get to the front every available man possible. Your command will be sufficient guard for trains.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 23, 1864-3 p. m.

Major KERWIN, Commanding Cavalry:

You will move with command without delay to Bethel Church and patrol the roads from that point to Moncure's house, and from Bethel Church to Milford. Moncure's house is 1 1\2 miles from Chesterfield.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant-Adjutant-General.

NEW BETHEL, VA., May 23, 1864-5 p. m.

Brigadier-General ABERCROMBIE, Commanding, Fredericksburg, Va.,

The work on railroad will cease, and all guards for railroad and telegraph drawn in. The six batteries Reserve Artillery, if convenient,

