
sent to Washington; otherwise send them across with the garrison to Port Royal. The garrison from Belle Plain may march direct from there to Port Royal, with the other supplies. Port Royal must be garrisoned and made our base with the least possible delay. Act in the matter with the greatest dispatch,

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff:
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Moncure's House, Va., May 23, 1864-4.15 p. m.

Brigadier General J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Commanding, &amp;c., Fredericksburg, Va.:

GENERAL: Inclosed please find communication from Asst. Surg. Ed. D. W. Breneman, relating to our wounded on the Wilderness battle field, and the treatment of officers by guerrillas, who attempt top look after their welfare. You will send a sufficient number of wagons and ambulances, with a competent force of infantry, and cavalry, and artillery, to drive any force of the enemy that may be found in the meighborhood of the hospitals at that place, and remove all our wounded men from there to Fredericksburg. If necessary you can order for this purpose some of the re-enforcements coming forward, but it is through you have force enough without this. Attend to this at once.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure.]

FREDERICKSBURG, VA., May 23, 1864-11.30 p. m.

Brigadier General JOHN A. RAWLINS, U. S. Volunteers,

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I again proceeded to the Confederate lines on the plank road, at a point near Parker's Store, this morning, with a flag of truce, and two unarmed orderlies, for the purpose of learning the condition of our wounded and the number in their hands, and was met by Captain James C. Borden, Company H, Forst North Carolina Cavalry, commanding the pickets,by whom I was courteously received, and the desired information obtained. Supplies were represented by a Confederate surgeon, who accompanied the captain, as becoming scarce, but he patients comfortable and well treated. I agreed to furnish supplies to-morrow, while a communication from your headquarters, under date of 18th instant, "To the officers commanding the Confederate forces at the Old Wilderness," was transferred to be forwarded to General Lee.

On my return, with the flag of truce flying, and when in the neighborhood of Old Wilderness Tavern, on the turnpike, I was met and halted by 6 men, dressed in Confederate uniform, fully armed, who represented themselves as an "independent command of scouts" acknowledging no authority. The flag of truce was disregarded, my horse taken from me, person fully searched, official and private

