
The brigades mentioned by General Butler, as before him, are Gracie's, Corse's, Clingman's Hoke's, Walker's, Hunton's, Ransom's Barton's Hagood's, Kemper's Martin's. Wise is here also. General Butler's position is strong; can be defended, when works are complete, with 10,000 men, leaving 20,000 free to operate. We think it already strong, and think if General Grant is engaged in decisive operations that General Butler should not remain on the defensive. We think taht this force should not be diminished, and that a skillful use of it will aid General Grant more than the numbers which might be drawn from here. Supplies of all kings are abundant; the troops in good spirit. General Weitzel has just been made chief engineer to General Butler and advises and co-operates heartily. We have not yet been able fully to post ourselves as to the relations of the corps commanders but think the report of want of harmony may be exaggerated, at least so far as General Smith is concurred. We would prefer taking another occasion to speak on this subject. Will remain here to-morrow continuing our investigation and awaiting further orders. If it be desired to transfer troops to General Grant the transpiration is in the Potomac and James. General Rucker and Colonel Biggs can sent it here on being notified.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermasters-General.

J. G. BARNARD,

Brigadier-General and Chief Engineer.

BERMUDA, May 23, 1864.

Colonel FULLER,

Chief Quartermasters:

Your dispatch about boats received. I send the Johnston to Point of Rocks at once for General Meigs and horses. Will send another statemer to be there at 2 p. m.

GEO. S. DODGE,

Captain and Assistant Quartermasters.

GENERAL BUTLER'S HEADQUARTERS,

May 23, 1864.

Major-General GILLMORE:

Send immediately an approximate report of the effective strength of your command.

R. S. DAVIS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS, May 23, 1864.

Discourtesy, it is hoped, was not intended by Major Davis in the style and from of the above order. The report is sent under the supposition it was not, and in the belief that General Butler wants it. Q. A. GILLMORE,Major-General.

