
[Indorsement.]

Respectfully referred.

I have seen the negroes, and think from what they say the enemy has falle back beyond the South Anna. There are no pickets below the railroad bridge. Warren was advancing his skirmish line when last heard from without opposition. There are a few guns yet in from of Hancock and Burnside. The negroes say there is a good ford (Quarles') between Warren and Burnside. I have sent the negro with an officer to Burnside to give him this information, and suggesting his crossing at this ford is opposed at Ox Ford. I shall go from here to Warren's trains. Just came from Hancock. Sheridan reports thais side of the Pamunkey, near Dunkirk. The officer says he is out of forage and horses tired. Had he not better come to the trains and feed and rest?

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

MAY 24, 1864.

Major-General HANCOCK:

GENERAL: The enemy have a skirmish line in the edge of woods back of the river. Their earth-works do not appear to be occupied unless by a very few men. I cannot see any. General Birney's skirmish line is now advancing, and I suppose twenty minutes or half an hour will developed the matter. I think within time General Birney will, the redoubt nearest his line. General Burnside has not opened on the battery in his front, which fires at General Birney's line.

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,May 24, 1864-9 a. m. (Received 9.15 a. m.)

General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I sent you a note from General Gibbon. General Birney is pushing his skirmishers line at the same time. I shell very soon be able to tell whether we can get into their works. They show no force except sharpshooters in their works, but there is a skirmishers line in the edge of the woods behind.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,May 24, 1864-8 a. m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

GENERAL: I have skirmishers across, and they are now advancing; one or two shots have been fired. From all appearances, I have nothing in my front but a few scattering men. I have seen them retiring in squads of five or six. The rivers not fordable anywhere

