HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 20, 1864.

Major-General WARREN:

Your dispatch in relation to the behavior of the Maryland Brigade yesterday has been received. The commanding general published an order this morning, of which a copy has been sent you, in which he designed to commend the good conduct of all the troops engaged in the affair of last evening. He thought, however, that under the circumstances he was justified in particularizing the heavy artillery. Had he known at the time that the Maryland Brigade was conspicuous on the occasion, he would have specially mentioned that command also. He has no objection to your publishing an order, commending in such terms as you may think best, the conduct of the Maryland Brigade.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 20, 1864.

General CRAWFORD:

Get all the command belonging to this corps well together on the left and let General Russell's troops take post on your right; a list of casualties of yesterday is called for without delay. I take it some time will be allowed to make it out, but use all possible dispatch. Orders complimenting troops for their conduct yesterday are sent.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS PENNSYLVANIA RESERVES, THIRD DIVISION, FIFTH ARMY CORPS,May 20, 1864.

Captain A. S. MARVIN, JR., Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to furnish the following statement of prisoners captured in the engagement of yesterday, and since the enemy have retired: Artillery Brigade, Fifth Army Corps, Colonel Kitching, commanding-70 prisoners, sent to army headquarters; Third Brigade, Second Division, Colonel Bowerman-34 prisoners, sent to army headquarters; Third Division-12 prisoners, sent to headquarters Fifth Army Corps. Total, 116 prisoners.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTH ARMY CORPS,May 20, 1864.

Captain MARVIN, Assistant Adjutant-General:

The enemy to all appearance are the same as yesterday in my front. In front of my right the indications are rather stronger; there has been a good deal of chopping, moving of wagons or artillery toward our right, hurrahing among the men, &amp;c., during the night. My pickets are slowly advancing.

L. CUTLER,

Brigadier-General.

