HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, May 24, 1864-11.45 a.m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: My brigade has just advanced up the river, but I have directed it to be stopped, as it may prevent the Fifth Corps division and it firing into each other.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding Second Corps.

MAY 24, 1864-1.30 p.m.

COMMANDING OFFICER SECOND CORPS:

The major-general commanding directs that when you have crossed the river and advanced so far as to admit of your trains following, that you cross them, and be prepared to move early to-morrow morning. The route you will take passes through the Junction, then along the east side of the Fredericksburg railroad, until after crossing Little River and entering a road that crosses the South Anna at South Anna bridge, not far from the crossing of the Virginia Central Railroad; where the route just designated crosses Little River, the South Anna approaches the former within three-fourths of a mile. The route just indicated may be modified so that you will cross the South Anna just east of the crossing of the Fredericksburg road. General Burnside will take the route from Ox Ford to Anderson's Tavern, thence along the Central railroad to the point where your route intersects it, and then south on the west side of the Fredericksburg railroad through Taylorsville Station, crossing the South Anna at Ellett's Mill, west of the Fredericksburg railroad crossing.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, May 24, 1864-4 p.m.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I send a dispatch just received from General Gibbon, who is on my left [on the left of the railroad]. The prisoners taken report Ewell's corps in our front. Another man, who came in on the right of my line, belongs to a division of Longstreet's corps. Some time ago it was reported to me that in front of my line could be seen some wagons passing to the right. I have sent out a command in that direction the distance of more than a mile. My skirmishers there are pretty hotly engaged. The enemy seem to have a line of works there-perhaps nothing more than rifle-pits-with a line of battle in it; probably a continuation of the line that Colonel Smyth struck. I shall direct General Barlow to attack it, to see what is there.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

