HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, May 24, 1864-7.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS:

GENERAL: Our lines have been materially advanced, developing the enemy's line, which is entrenched, as usual. I have ordered my trains to cross over behind my lines. General Burnside's line is now connecting on my right, but I am going to advance my right, as my left is well forward, and I have no doubt General Burnside will advance at the same time. My headquarters will be at the Chandler house, on the Telegraph road, at the position we assaulted yesterday.

Very respectfully,WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

P. S.-I should like my left rear protected by some cavalry, as there are some points in that direction which command it.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 24, 1864-9.50 p.m. [Receive 1.45 a.m.25th.]

Major-General HANCOCK,Commanding Second Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed to acknowledge your dispatch of 7.30 p.m. The commanding general wishes you to advance as much as you can with security to yourself, so as to envelop as much as possible of the enemy's line, and thus develop his position. Your right will connect with General Burnside. The general desires that you will watch carefully your left flank and hold some troops in readiness to strengthen it, should it be seriously threatened. The troops on our right will be thrown forward so as to develop the left of the enemy's line. General Torbert has been instructed to send you a small detachment of good cavalry to protect your left rear, as requested.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, May 24, 1864-9.20 p.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

GENERAL: My right extends to a house a short distance to the right of the Telegraph road. If you will extend thence to the river, the line will be complete. I have notified General Potter to that effect. I have thrown my right forward while my left is advanced a mile. My line is nearly parallel to the enemy's line of works. I did extend to the river, but General Potter relieved my line from the Telegraph road; but one division is not sufficient.

Very respectfully,WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

