
CHANDLER'S HOUSE, May 24, 1864-10.45 a.m.

General MOTT:

Do you want a battery in that redoubt?

BIRNEY,

General.

REDOUBT, May 24, 1864-10.55 a.m.

General BIRNEY:

Please send a section over.

MOTT,

General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, May 24, 1864-6 a.m.

Major-General MEADE:

Two of General Wright's divisions are across and in reserve. My skirmishers are pushing out, and find no enemy so far. It is reported from both my flanks that they have passed the hasty breast-works built by the enemy yesterday. We are picking up prisoners. General Crawford has sent me one from Heth's division. The bad approaches, and the night, the tired condition of the men, and the making of breast-works, somewhat retarded the issuing of rations, and some small portion of the command have not yet been supplied. They will be now very soon, as General Wright's troops are about out of the way now.

I shall keep feeling out till I develop the enemy's position, if he is about. I have no rations for Colonel Pope's command, and I directed him to report back with what he had here, so that he can go to the supply train and find the rest of his command. Colonel Pope exerts himself very earnestly, but his command is a very poor one. The part I sent out to watch my right flank came in without orders, and it was somewhat owing to this circumstance that the enemy got close up before we knew it, in that direction, or were fully prepared to meet it. My trust in this cavalry was then an injury to me. I have had at all times great difficulty in getting them in advance of the infantry whenever we take up a position, even when there is no enemy apparent, and though I don't wish to be finding fault I had almost as leave not have them. My escort is very good and efficient.

Respectfully, yours,G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, May 24, 1864-7.30 a.m.

Major-General MEADE:

My skirmish line has gone far out in every direction. Have possession of the wagon road beyond the railroad. Prisoners say they all fell back beyond last night from 10 to 12 o'clock. Dr. Charles J. Terrell came down the road from 2 miles this side of Beaver Dam, and rode into our lines. He says there is no enemy of ours in that

