
direction. He says that his family is very sick, and that he is attending to a number of patients in his neighborhood. I do not doubt his story, but having come into our lines, I do no not think I should let him go, and send him direct to you.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 24, 1864-8 a.m.

General WARREN:

I send you some cavalry, reported by Torbert as reliable, to push out and feel for the enemy. Two negroes who left this morning, crossing below railroad bridge, say there were no pickets there, and that the enemy left Hanover Junction last night, taking the Richmond road. They still show a force in front of Hancock and Burnside, but impossible to tell whether it is cavalry or not. Some few pieces of artillery visible. Burnside is about attempting to cross, and thinks he will be able to do so. I send you this information for your guidance. Push out as far as you can, and send us information as soon as received.

Yours,GEO G. MEADE,

Major-General.

HDQRS. CAVALRY DETACHMENT, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 24, 1864.

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

GENERAL: General Meade wishes me to send you some cavalry, which will go in your front, and patrol to the right and left. I think you can depend on these men. General Meade did not say how long they should stay with you, so as soon as you get through with them please order them to report back to me.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

Very respectfully, &c.,

A. T. A. TORBERT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MAY 24, 1864-8.30 a.m.

Major-General MEADE:

My infantry have gone well out. I directed General Crawford some time ago to push a regiment down the bank of the river to connect with Generals Burnside and Hancock. I have found no enemy yet. A few cavalry have been seen urging up stragglers. Major Roebling has been over a mile across the railroad near Noel's Station. Some good cavalry would, I think, be of much service,

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

