
MAY 24, 1864-1 p.m.

COMMANDING OFFICER FIFTH CORPS:

The major-general commanding desires you to stretch out on a road to South Anna so as to cross that river early to-morrow morning. He desires you to send out reconnoitering parties to find a route for your corps to-morrow, avoiding the road from Anderson's Tavern to the Junction or to Taylorsville, which roads will be used by other corps. Anderson's Tavern is where the road from Ox Ford intersects the Virginia Central Railroad. General Wright is ordered to cross his trains, and be prepared to follow you to-morrow morning.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 24, 1864-2 p.m.

Major-General WARREN:

Have you heard anything from Crawford, and how far has he progressed? Burnside still has somebody in front of him. Hancock has crossed nearly his whole corps; his skirmishers in front exchanging shots. Griffin, on his left, advanced a mile beyond the crossing, when his skirmishers were fired upon by the enemy's skirmishers in rifle-pits. This shows that somebody is still about, and it is desirable to open Burnside's crossing.

Yours,GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, May 24, 1864-2.45 [p.m.]

Major-General MEADE:

General Crawford has opened the ford to General Burnside without opposition. He struck the enemy's skirmishers on his right and finds breast-works there. General Crawford is along the road from Ox Ford south, but not extending to the railroad. The cavalry report they have come against the enemy's cavalry, showing a bold front, and I have heard cannon fired at them. I have sent an officer to get the exact position of the cavalry, and sent word to Crawford to develop the enemy's front to his right and connect with our cavalry if he can. The country Crawford has moved through is very difficult. Ox Ford is a bad one. General Crittenden began to cross before Major Roebling left, about 1.30 p.m.; it will take some time for him to get over. Artillery cannot use the ford. It is pine woods out a mile from the river at the ford, then the country is open. I send you a sketch* to look at; I would like to have it sent back, and then I will add more to it. I do not stop to make a copy.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

