
MAY 24, 1864-3.30 p.m.

General GRIFFIN:

I intend to move your division this afternoon, I think out on the road along the railroad opposite your right. I have not yet fully determined which road to take, but will let you know as soon as I do. I give you this preliminary notice that you will have to move. It is by orders from headquarters preparatory to an advance to-morrow. General Meade's headquarters have moved up here, and I am getting all our train around.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, May 24, 1864-5 p.m.

General GRIFFIN:

I wish you would move your column out to Noel's Turnout. Major Roebling will go with you. You can have what artillery you wish. Camp there to-night prepared to move early in the morning.

G. K. WARREN,Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, May 24, 1864-11 p.m.

General GRIFFIN:

I wish you to move your command down the road along the railroad toward the Junction to-morrow at 4 a.m. till you find the enemy in position in force. Lieutenant-Colonel Hammond with his cavalry will watch your flank and rear and act with you. I shall move out with General Cutler's division to take place on Crawford's right, and you will then come in position on Cutler's right. The object is to develop the position of the enemy. You may be annoyed by the enemy's cavalry in the direction from Little River. General Wright is to move a force out upon your right after you get into position. Support well your right flank till he comes up. If the enemy is in full force entrenched it is not designed to assault.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

P. S.-Send the accompanying order to Lieutenant-Colonel Hammond, commanding the cavalry near you.

G. K. W.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS, May 24, 1864.

Brigade commanders are directed to be prepared for an early move to-morrow; also to be prepared for a surprise during the night, as the enemy are reported to be on our front.

By command of Brigadier-General Griffin:

C. B. MERVINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

11 RR-VOL XXXVI, PT III

