
with the rear of the corps all day, takes this and can tell you the condition of the men. I beg that it be not supposed I wish to spare the men unnecessarily, but only to get them in good fighting condition by a night's rest, if the condition of affairs will permit it.

Very respectfully,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, May 24, 1864-6.15 a.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

I have one division in line support of Fifth Corps; another massed behind that corps, both on the south side of the [North] Anna. The artillery, not being needed, still remains on this side the river, near the artillery of the Fifth Corps. The trains are coming up to within about a mile of the crossing, and will be covered by one brigade of the Third Division. The other brigade of this division is en route to cross river. General Warren is advancing his skirmish line, and so far without opposition.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, May 24, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Since I have been in command of this corps the pontoon train, attached by previous orders, has not been with it, but has been with the supply train, except while it was in use at Fredericksburg for bridging the Rappahannock. It is now at Milford Station with the supply train. By whose orders it was detached from the trains moving with the corps is not clear, but it is said they were from army headquarters. The object of this note is to ask whether these pontoons should continue with the supply train or join me, and, if the latter, the route they should take, as I am in ignorance of our future movements. One company of the volunteer engineers is with it. If the train is to join me I would ask that the necessary orders be issued from your headquarters in order to save time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding Sixth Corps.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 24, 1864-1 p.m.

Major-General WRIGHT,

Commanding Sixth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs you to cross your train, and be prepared to follow General Warren to-morrow morning. General Warren is directed to stretch out toward the South Anna

