HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Mount Carmel Church, Va., May 24, 1864-1 p.m.

Major General A. E. BURNSIDE,Commanding Ninth Army Corps:

GENERAL: You will move your entire corps, with trains, to the south side of North Anna this afternoon. General Warren has sent a division on the south side to drive the enemy away from his position opposite you, and General Hancock has sent a brigade for the same purpose. The ford must be opened by the time this reaches you. If not there is one about 1 mile farther up, between you and Warren, that is open; at least, is so reported. You can cross at this one and also at the bridge where Hancock crossed, marching your troops thus crossed to a point opposite to where you now are on the south side. You must get over and camp to-night on the south side. To-night these headquarters will be on the south of the river on the Telegraph road.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, May 24, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,Commanding Armeis of the United States:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 1 p.m. is received. We have been endeavoring all the morning to drive the enemy from his position opposite us. Have had a road cut through, intersecting the road which leads to the road, of which you speak, and General Crittenden's division started some time since over that road, with instructions to cross and come down in rear of the position occupied by the enemy at Ox Ford.

General Crawford, who is in command of the division sent by General Warren to the upper ford, informs one of my staff that he is to remain there until further orders, and I have just received a note from General Hancock, stating that he had halted his brigade, lest there might be some confusion by meeting General Warren's division, which he had understood was coming down in that direction. General Crittenden will continue to cross, and, if possible, move down in rear of enemy's position. The ford is very rough and deep, and a considerable portion of the men fall in crossing, thus spoiling their ammunition. Crittenden has crossed two regiments, and a third is now crossing. You may be sure that I will do all in my power to gain this ford, and if I do not succeed, I will cross by Hancock's or Warren's crossing. If it is desirable, I will stop the crossing of Crittenden's command and cross the whole at one of these places. Lieutenant-Colonel Babcock can tell you something of the difficulty of taking this position.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

