
not be practicable to lay a bridge above the one Hancock now has. You may, therefore, regard the points to be connected by new roads as being that bridge and Quarles' Mills.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, North Anna River, May 24, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,Commanding Armies of the United States:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of this evening is received, and I believe I have anticipated your wishes, except that I have thought it best to keep the whole of Willcox's division on this side, in consequence of the trouble that has fallen upon Crittenden, who lost nearly half a brigade in attempting to move down to connect with General Potter, who crossed on Hancock's bridge. The brigade was small, and I think the loss will not be over 600. Both Crittenden and Crawford are well entrenched, and I hope to have a good bridge built by morning, so that we may give them some artillery, if necessary. Would it not be well for Warren to try and open communication with Crawford? Potter attacked at the same time with Crittenden, but he was fortunate in having light losses. I am glad to get the order assigning the corps to the Army of the Potomac, because I think good will result from it.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Jericho Ford, Va., May 24-10 p.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,Commanding Ninth Army Corps:

GENERAL: You have done quieter right to retain General Willcox where he is, under the circumstances. General Warren has been informed of the contents of your note, and will endeavor to open communication with General Crawford. If you can get a bridge across to General Crittenden, it will serve to send artillery or re-enforcements over to him, or will give him the means of withdrawing, as necessity may require.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS. HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, No. 25. Jericho Ford, Va., May 24, 1864.

To secure the greatest attainable unanimity in co-operative movements, and greater efficiency in the administration of the army, the Ninth Army Corps, Major General A. E. Burnside commanding, is assigned to the Army of the Potomac, Major General G. G. Meade commanding, and will report accordingly.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

