
troops be sent away till everything and everybody is safe. Give protection to railroad as long as necessary. Dr. Barnes has been notified to receive wounded at Aquia and bring them away.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

FREDERICKSBURG, VA., May 24, 1864. [Received 6.40 p.m.]

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

An orderly has just arrived from General Grant's headquarters, which he states were 9 miles beyond Milford Station and about 5 this side of the North Anna. He left there at 4 o'clock this morning. He states that the Sixth and Second Corps crossed the North Anna last night before dark, with slight opposition, and that the other corps were close up. General Grant's headquarters were to move forward this morning. He states further that there was a good deal of musketry firing during the night, and that cannonading has been going on this morning.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General.

FREDERICKSBURG, VA., May 24, 1864.

Captain ORR,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

But about 1,400 of the 8,000 wounded and sick have been removed from here. General Lockwood arrived with his command last night. I shall ask him to remain until General Abercrombie arrives here with his Belle Plain troops. Do I understand rightly that General Abercrombie will move in person by the way of Fredericksburg? Please answer immediately.

ED. SHCRIVER,

Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Belle Plain, Va., May 24, 1864.

Colonel E. SCHRIVER,Commanding, Fredericksburg:

COLONEL: I will march overland to Port Royal by the shortest route. On my arrival I will endeavor to visit you in person. One pontoon bridge from Fredericksburg, General Benham tells me, is to be moved to Port Royal in order to cross my troops and afford the means of sending protecting to the telegraph. Let me know whether you intend to send more wounded to Aquia Creek. If so I will leave the guard there. Send nothing more here as the bridge wharf is taken up, and everything will be abandoned to-day. Answer immediately.

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

