HEADQUARTERS, Belle Plain, Va., May 24, 1864-12 m.

Colonel E. SCHRIVER:

I leave at 2 p.m. this day. A small guard will be left here until the railroad to Aquia is abandoned.

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, No. 5. Belle Plain, Va., May 24, 1864.

I. Colonel Cavins, commanding Provisional Brigade: Have your command ready to move at once. The line will be formed with the right resting on Wadsworth's barn at 2 p.m. this day. Your regular battalion on right of brigade.

II. Captain Edwards, commanding Reserve Artillery: Have your command ready to move at once and will assemble at Wadsworth's barn at 2 p.m. this day. One light battery will be detailed to march on right of column in rear of cavalry.

III. Colonel Cesnola, commanding dismounted cavalry: You will have your command ready to march at once. Your command will assemble at 2 p.m. this day at the Wadsworth barn. Detail one effective squadron to lead the column, properly officered.

IV. Major Beardsley, commanding Sixth New York: Have your command ready to march at once. Form your command on the left of Colonel Cesnola's column punctually at 2 p.m. this day. This command is to assemble at at the Wadsworth barn.

By order of Brigadier General J. J. Abercrombie:

R. L. ORR,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Belle Plain, Va., May 24, 1864.

Colonel CLENDENIN:

On your arrival at Port Conway the artillery will be encamped on the most commanding point and in preference where it can protect the bridge party, and infantry near by for its support. As soon as the bridge is completed the command will cross to Port Royal, and occupy the most defensible points. Should there be a sufficient force of cavalry to guard the approaches to Port Royal, you will cross the river and scout the banks above and below Port Conway for 8 or 10 miles, and continue this duty until my arrival with the remainder of the command.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, May 24, 1864,*

Colonel A. G. DRAPER,

Commanding at Point Lookout:

Send out your cavalry and whatever force is needed to arrest all deserters from the Army of the Potomac. Let none escape. If

---------------

*Sent 9 a.m. May 25.

---------------

