HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 25, 1864-7.30 p.m.

General A. A. HUMPHREYS:

GENERAL: A prisoner received this p.m. from A. P. Hill's corps says he understood that Lee's army lies in its usual order-Hill in the center. This man is very ignorant and has been in the army but a short time. Another from Longstreet's corps is intelligent, and I think truthful. He was sent in with the colored sergeant and says that Longstreet's line is a straight one now running, he thinks, parallel with the river. It was not so at first, but the corps fell back from its first line. A. P. Hill's line he thinks to be in the shape of a half moon, but can give nothing more definite in regard to either. He thinks that Ewell's corps has gone farther toward Richmond, because day before yesterday he was near a regiment in it in which he had friends, when they received the order to march, and he saw what he took to be the corps off; we have only had stragglers from Ewell since. Our scouts are in from the right, who report that they learn from citizens living beyond the Telegraph road that troops came from the valley on Monday last about noon, and they gave out that there was nothing left in the valley.

GEORGE H. SHARPE,Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, At Jericho Mills, south side North Anna, May 25, 1864-10 a.m.

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army, Washington:

I have the honor to report that a train of over 400 wagons leaves our general parks this morning for Port Royal to take in sick and wounded, and to return with supplies. It goes in escorted by 550 cavalry. It is presumed that Captain Pitkin has established himself at Port Royal, and that supplies are already accumulated. He had my instruction what to do. These headquarters are situated about 35 miles from Fredericksburg, and 30 from Port Royal. I desire to remind you that the frequent changes made in depots from the Orange and Alexandria Railroad to Belle Plain and Port Royal, are made in every instance by order of Lieutenant-General Grant. It would have given greater facilities to re-enforce and supply this army, had the Aquia railroad been put in repair as we advanced, but I suppose General Grant has in view military movements that render that road unnecessary.

I see no difficulty in supplying the army, provided our trains are as securely protected in future as they have been to this time. The enemy is in our immediate front. Apparently both armies are now massed between the two Annas. So soon as means of transportation will permit, I desire you will cause 1,000 artillery horses to be sent to me. We shall probably require more, though I have no present means of knowing. Lieutenant-General Grant has just ordered that the Ninth Corps be attached to this army. We have in all about 4,100 wagons. My general park of some 3,000 wagons is now 10 miles in our rear. We have had no embarrassment with them.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier General and Chief Quartermaster, Army of the Potomac.

