
woods, however, prevent seeing much anywhere. On my right General Griffin has got eight guns in an enfilading position to the enemy's skirmish line, and will fire pretty soon. To advance my right carries me over a clear field three-fourths of a mile, with the enemy intrenched on the other side. General Cutler's report gives you an idea of the trouble in the center, and General Crittenden's advance last night shows the state of things on my left. Do you wish anything further done?

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTH ARMY CORPS, May 25, 1864-10.45 a.m.

General WARREN:

I can't find any way to get at the flank of the enemy's skirmishers. I am of the opinion that there may be a salient near my center; the fire at that point is very galling. I have had 2 officers and some 18 to 20 men killed, and a large number wounded. I have instructed my pickets to get around as well as they can, and not fire any more than is absolutely necessary.

L. CUTLER,Brigadier-General.

[First indorsement.]

General GRANT:

I should judge from the within that, unless Warren attacks, not much more can be done in his front.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

[Second indorsement.]

I do not think any attack should be made until preparations are made to use our whole force. The best Warren can do now is to cover his men well in their advanced position, and rest them all he can ready for active service. If you think proper to send a division of Wright's force across Little River do so, but I think unless there is some reason for it that I do not know, it would be better not to send them over until the cavalry gets around.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS, May 25, 1864-1.15 p.m.

Major-General WARREN:

I have moved my lines to the left, to connect with Griffin, as I felt solicitous about that part of our joint position. That angle seems to me very important, and I suggest that Bartlett's brigade be brought up in support of that point as soon as it can be spared from its work of destroying the railroad.

H. G. WRIGHT,Major-General, Commanding.

13 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT III

