HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, May 25, 1864-11.30 a.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

The dispatch* of the major-general commanding, of 10.30 a.m., is received. I have just seen Warren, whose position he has reported, and I do not see how he can do more without attacking the enemy. My own line is within a few hundred yards of Little River, with my skirmish line overlooking it in front of Anderson's, and I do not see what more I can do without crossing the river. The enemy has some force on the other side; not large, I think, but he has some works, as his skirmish-line is covered. My officers report works on the edge of the woods some 500 yards in rear of his skirmish line and nearly parallel to the course of the river, and negroes report the same thing. I might send a division across the Little River and ascertain what there really is there, but to do so would interfere with the present disposition of my force and uncover our old position. I do not advise this unless it is of great importance that the enemy should be developed in that direction. Our pickets are firing somewhat. A negro just in says the rebels are putting up works from here to New Market bridge on the Little River. The two shots just fired were at a small body of infantry on the other side the river.

H. G. WRIGHT,Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

General GRANT:

Do you think it advisable or necessary for General Wright to cross the Little River?

GEO. G. MEADE.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 25, 1864.

Major-General WRIGHT:

The major-general commanding directs that you withdraw all your teams, and such of your artillery as is not in position or required for defense to the north side of the river to-night by the bridge at Jericho.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 25, 1864-9.15 a.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Can Potter hold the line from Hancock's right to the river? If so I would retain Willcox on the north side fronting the enemy and keeping up connection between Potter and Crittenden. If Potter cannot securely fill this gap, that portion of Willcox's division required for this purpose should be sent over.

Respectfully, yours,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

I am having a telegraph [line] extended to you.

G. G. M.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

