HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 25, 1864-11 p.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Is Willcox intrenched in front of Ox Ford? If not he should be so as to hold the crossing with a minimum force.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, May 25, 1864.

Major-General MEADE:

General Willcox is strongly intrenched in front of Ox Ford, with artillery in position. Major Morton is now laying out additional rifle-pits near the ford, and I will have changes made, if possible, with a view to holding the position with a less force. Willcox has not over 3,000 men for duty.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, Ox Ford, Va., May 25, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel THOMAS WILSON,Chief Commissary of Subsistence, Army of the Potomac:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following statement in answer to verbal interrogations made by you this p.m.:

The number of men in the corps to be subsisted is 22,199. The corps is in four divisions. The First Division has three brigades. The Second, Third, and Fourth Divisions have each two brigades and all are numerically designated. The names of the commissaries are given in the list inclosed. The number of wagons assigned to the several division commissaries for the forwarding of supplies are as follows: First Division, 30; Second Division, 25; Third Division, 40; Fourth Division, 23. There are in the general corps herd of beef-cattle, 312 head. In the division herds as follows: First Division, 110 head; Second Division, 52 head; Third Division, 75 head; Fourth Division, 121 head.

There are not now at the front, or in the wagon trains of the corps any wagons filled with supplies. Yesterday noon twenty-three wagons of the Fourth Division left near Milford Station for Port Royal. This morning forty left for the same depot from the Third Division. As soon as they shall arrive I will notify you. I have directed generally that the division commissaries, having assigned to them certain numbers of wagons, shall direct the movements of such trains to and from the depots, and that they shall be looked to by their commanding officers and by the department for a prompt and complete provisioning of their several commands. I have required the presence of the brigade commissaries invariably with the troops. The troops are rationed up to the 1st day of June, inclusive.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. GOODRICH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Commissary of Subsistence.

