
[Inclosure.]

List of officers on duty in the subsistence department in the Ninth Army Corps.

Stationed in the field. Accountable for funds, stores, and property.

Names	 Rank	 Regiment	 Brigade	 Division

J. Justice	 First	 100th	 -	 First

 lieutenant	 Pennsylvania	 	 Division

 	 	 	 .

John	 Captain and	 -	 -	 Second

N. King	 commissary	 	 	 Division

 of	 	 	 .

 subsistence

Samuel	 First	 7th Rhode	 First	 Do.

Fessenden	 lieutenant	 Island	 Brigade

John	 do...	 6th New	 Second	 Do.

H. Varney	 	 Hampshire	 Brigade

John	 Lieutenant-	 -	 -	 Third

H. Coale	 colonel and	 	 	 Division

 commissary	 	 	 .

 of

 subsistence

R. D.	 Captain	 2nd Michigan	 First	 Do.

 	 	 Brigade

Johnston

A. Jones	 First	 50th	 Second	 Do.

 lieutenant	 Pennsylvania	 Brigade

D. S.	 do...	 27th Michigan	 Headquarte	 Do.

 	 	 rs

Tompkins	 	 	 command.

Asa	 Captain and	 -	 -	 Fourth

Gregory	 commissary	 	 	 Division

 of	 	 	 .

 subsistence

E. F. Emory	 First	 36th	 First	 Do.

 lieutenant	 Massachusetts	 Brigade

B. H. Stiles	 do...	 23rd	 Second	 Do.

 	 U. S. Colored	 Brigade

Parker D.	 Captain and	 23rd	 Second	 Do.

Boyd	 commissary	 U. S. Colored	 Brigade.

 of

 subsistence

W. Harrison	 do...	 -	 -	 Headquar

French	 	 	 	 ters

 	 	 	 issuing

 	 	 	 commissa

 	 	 	 ry.

Respectfully submitted.

E. R. GOODRICH,

Lieutenant Colonel and Chief Com.of Sub.,9th Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, May 25, 1864-10.15 a.m.

Colonel WILSON,Chief Commissary of Subsistence, Army of the Potomac:

Lieutenant Justice, commissary of the First Division, has a train load of supplies of some 50,000 rations at a point some 9 miles from here, and this side of Milford. These supplies are very necessary to this command, and I understand Captain Peirce refuses to allow this train to pass over the road. Can such supplies, with cattle as we have at or near Milford, be allowed to come up? Colonel Goodrich, chief commissary of subsistence of this corps, is now at Port Royal and cannot report in person. An order has been sent to him to report at these headquarters.

Very respectfully, yours,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS, In Camp, May 25, 1864.

Major General A. E. BURNSIDE:

I learned just not that General Warren was very near me. I have just sent word by Colonel Bankhead, of his staff, that I was to

