
get orders from him, and that though his senior, I would obey him cheerfully. I do not think that I ought to be placed in this position. General Ledlie is here to command the division if I should be ordered away. The First Brigade lost about 150 killed and wounded, and about 300 missing. They behaved gallantly, and are in good spirits though they suffered so severely,

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, North Anna River, May 25, 1864.

General T. L. CRITTENDEN:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Your note of this morning was received on the road, and now that I have returned, I hasten to answer. I fully appreciate your feelings in the matter to which you refer, but under all the circumstances I would as a friend advise you to remain where you are. If you wish, I will ask General Grant to relieve you, but really think it would be a mistake. You know I would not advise you to do anything that would not, in my opinion, result in good to you. Please answer by this orderly.

Yours, very truly,A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, Camp on Pole Cat Creek, May 25, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to notify you that I found my train at this place; the trains of the army were a short distance in rear. I therefore went into camp here. One division of my command is camped on the right flank, one on the left flank of the trains, and the other in front. About seven-eights of the above number are in as good if not better condition than when I started on my expedition. This is a minimum estimate. I think that two or three days will put them all in good order. I turned in at Haxall's Landing 341 horses unfit to make the return trip. My total loss in horses will not exceed 400, including killed in battle and abandoned on the road shot. But few animals were obtained in the country. My losses in killed and wounded from the 9th to the 25th of May are as follows, viz: Total killed, 46. Wounded: Saved, sent to general hospital from Haxall's Landing and White House, 210; very slight and returned to duty, 75; mortally, left in farm-houses on road, 40; badly, and captured by the enemy, 54; total, 379.* The 210 wounded sent to general hospital were transported in a captured train of rebel ambulances and ordnance wagons and the ordnance wagons of the corps.

The officers and men of the corps are in excellent spirits.

---------------

*For revised return of casualties during Sheridan's first

expedition, see Part I, p.184.

---------------

