
I have on hand and ready for issue seven days' rations of subsistence for the men of the corps and a little less than one day's forage for the horses. My empty wagons should be permitted to go back for forage at once.

I would be pleased to call in person upon the major-general commanding if he will grant the permission.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-My total loss in captured by the enemy is between 75 and 80.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

FREDERICKSBURG, May 25, 1864. [Received 11.25 a.m.]

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I have just returned from Belle Plain and Aquia. Everything is away from Belle Plain. The guard left there this morning for the new line of telegraph. The wounded and sick are being sent away rapidly, and I think everything will be away from here to-morrow morning. The horses for Belle Plain arrived too late, and as there were no men to send across with them, and no forage to take them to Port Royal by water, I sent them back.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Port Conway, Va., May 25, 1864-1.30 p.m. [Received 2.30 p.m.]

Major-General HALLECK:

Just arrived. Left Belle Plain, Va., 2.20 on 24th, after arranging with Captain Pitkin to have boats for the wounded at Aquia Creek. Everything has been shipped from Belle Plain. A guard and two gun-boats were left at Aquia and along the railroad until the stock is taken off. A sufficient guard has been left on the north side of the Rappahannock from Pope's Point to Port Royal of cavalry and infantry. I sent, while en route to Fredericksburg, one battery and two squadrons cavalry, all that could be spared. One gun-boat has gone to Fredericksburg, also three boats for wounded. As no bridge can be made from here across to Port Royal I am going to raft the troops across almost immediately. Now are lying here four steamboats and one gun-boat. One hundred men as provost guard have arrived. My headquarters here [Port Conway], where the telegraph line ends. As soon as it is taken over I will go too. A train of wagons have just arrived from the front and are parked near Port Royal.

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FREDERICKSBURG, VA., May 25, 1864-10 p.m.

Brigadier-General ABERCROMBIE:

I have your telegram of 9.15 p.m. I assume the 80 wounded men at the Second Corps hospital, in the Wilderness are the only ones

