
that it is intended shall be removed, because to receive the 500 at the two different hospitals at Parker's Store and Robertson's Tavern, would demand a very large and mixed force and upward of 200 ambulances. There are but thirty here now, if I am correct. The force here I should think sufficient if the Twenty-second New York Cavalry were reliable. Not being so, an additional force of cavalry is wanted. I saw cavalry, because to make the trip in one day, which is most desirable, infantry cannot be sent as the distance back is 32 miles. Dr. Breneman, who has been out several times, thinks cavalry alone will do. As the ambulances will have to work till 5 o'clock to-morrow morning, it will be impossible to set out till the 26th instant.

E. SCHRIVER,

Inspector-General, Commanding.

PORT ROYAL, VA., May 25, 1864.

(Received 10.39 a.m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

I do not see how I can spare the Eighth Illinois Cavalry detachment. The officers are all very well acquainted with the country and they are now taking care of the telegraph communication between this place and Pope's Point, a distance of 14 miles. I would rather send twice as many of any other troops.

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[MAY 25, 1864.-For Butler to Stanton (7.30 and 11 a.m.), reporting attack on post at Wilson's Wharf, see Part II, p. 269.]
HEADQUARTERS,In the Field, May 25-11.30 a.m.

(Via Fort Monroe. Received 9 a.m. 26th.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I most earnestly request that 3,000 Spencer rifles, with appropriate ammunition, be forwarded to this command. I think it would be more than equivalent to re-enforcing us with that number of men. I will only give them to tried and deserving regiments, and they shall be the prize of gallantry and good behavior.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, May 25, 1864-1.26 p.m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Point Lookout, Md.:

A regiment of Veteran Reserves will leave here to-morrow to relieve the Fifth New Hampshire, which will be sent to Port Royal, and thence to General Grant's army, in the field.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

