
whether on the march or in camp will detail daily a brigade field officer of the day, who will report for instruction to the brigade commanders and general officer of the day, when one is detailed, immediately after reaching camp or at sunset. Brigade guards will be mounted just before sunset. Regimental or police guards, with regimental officer of the day, will be continued as heretofore in each regiment. The guard will be the minimum number of proper police and guard of the regiment, but generally when on the march or maneuvering in the presence of the enemy, the outpost guard taking the place of the brigade guard, the regimental guard will be increased, so as to insure a vigilant watch and police. Field officers of the day, regimental officers of the day, commandants of regiments and companies, are particularly referred to the instructions laid down in "Butterfield's Camp and Outpost Duty," commencing at Article IX, page 51, and continuing to Article XVI, page 68. It is expected that these officers will be thoroughly conversant and put in practice, so far as circumstances will allow, everything therein contained. The general officer of the day will report to the general commanding the division immediately after arriving in camp or an hour before sunset.

By order of Brigadier General J. W. Turner:

P. A. DAVIS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,Bermuda Hundred, Va., May 25, 1864.

Brigadier General A. AMES, Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: I have just received a report the officer in command of the pickets of this division that the enemy are at work upon a new battery near Ware Bottom Church, which is so placed as to enfilade that portion of the picket-line in your front, and would suggest that some traverses be thrown up immediately for the protection of your pickets, as the work was commenced early this morning.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALF. H. TERRY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,May 25, 1864.

Major-General SMITH:

There is a picket about a mile down the road that stops all officers, including our staff, going to the landing. As it is reported that it is done under your orders, the general commanding wishes me to ask it if is so, and what are the orders.

R. S. DAVIS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 25, 1864.

General WEITZEL:

Will you please suggest to General Butler to have a staff officer from each corps report daily at his headquarters for any instructions

