HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 26, 1864-2 p.m. (Received 11 p.m.)

General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army:

A further movement will be made to-night. The last of our wagons will be sent to Port Royal to-morrow to load up with stores and follow us. That depot should then be abandoned, and supplies sent at once up the Pamunkey. If the draw in the railroad bridge at White House is not closed up, light-draught vessels can ascend to points near, if not on, our line of march. They can at least be held in readiness at White House. Captain Pitkin and his assistants now at Port Royal should have charge. I shall give detailed instructions to him. The subsistence and medical departments should transfer to the new depot at the same time.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster, Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near Quarles' Mills, May 26, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that a train of 450 wagons left Milford at 12 m. yesterday with wounded for Port Royal, to return laden with subsistence and forage. I desire to organize and start another train of empty wagons for the same point to-morrow at 8 a.m., and I have to request that the different commands may be notified, so that the proper officers may be detailed to accompany the wagons to attend to the drawing of such subsistence stores and supplies of ammunition as may be required. I have also to request that an escort of 500 cavalry be detailed to accompany this train for its proper protection, and that the commanding officer be directed to report to the chief quartermaster at Wright's Tavern.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier General and Chief Quartermaster, Army of the Potomac.

P. S.-If the cavalry train is ordered to leave to-day, the other trains can also be got ready to follow.

R. I.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 26, 1864-4.30 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Among prisoners just brought in we have a deserter from the Twenty-sixth Virginia Battalion, Echols' brigade; left his command day before yesterday a.m. in camp at Hanover Court-House, where they had just arrived from Hanover Junction. Belongs to Breckinridge's force. Says they left the valley about the 18th, took cars at Staunton about the 20th, and got off at Hanover Junction. Three brigades in Breckinridge's command, Wharton's, Imbo-

