
den's, and Echols'. Two batteries and one regiment of his brigade which has always been with Sam. Jones at Greenbrier. Thinks his brigade is about 1,000 strong, the other two about the same. Breckinridge is there personally. Don't know whether anything, is left in the valley or not.

We have also prisoners taken day before yesterday on the skirmish line from Ewell's corps, which they say is on the right of Longstreet, Rodes' division being on the extreme right of their line; on that part they have two lines of battle. A South Carolina man returning from furlough left Richmond on Monday in a long train filled with men returning to different regiments, but no organized commands. Before he left Columbia, S. C., about a week ago, Aiken's brigade of cavalry was ordered to Richmond; one-half being sent forward with their horses and the others given ten days' furlough to get horses and to report mounted at Richmond.

G. H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &amp;C.,

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 145. May 26, 1864-9.15 a.m.

1. Corps and other independent commanders will at once send to their supply trains for four days' rations, and cause the same to be issued before to-night, so that the troops will have to-morrow morning six days' subsistence on their persons. The supply trains are near Milford.

2. A train of empty wagons will leave Milford at 8 a.m. to-morrow for Port Royal, there to be loaded with supplies for this army. Corps commanders will detail proper officers to accompany this train for the purpose of attending to the drawing of such subsistence stores and supplies of ammunition as may be required for their respective commands. The commander of the Cavalry Corps will detail 500 men as an escort for the train, and the commander of the detachment will report to the chief quartermaster at Wright's Tavern at 8 a.m. to-morrow.

3. The wounded men with this army and such of the seriously sick as the corps medical directors may specially authorize, will be sent in the course of to-day to the general supply train near Milford, to proceed thence to-morrow morning to Port Royal in the train of empty wagons already ordered to leave Milford at 8 a.m. to-morrow. Corps commanders will provide the necessary medical attendance for their wounded and sick to be sent, and will cause three days' rations to be supplied, cooked, if possible. It is believed that the wagons which will be emptied to-day by issues of subsistence, will be sufficient to convey the wounded and sick to be sent, and will be so employed.

* * * * * * * *

5. The following-mentioned regiments, composing the command brought to this army by Brigadier General H. H. Lockwood, are assigned to the Fifth Army Corps, viz, Forty-sixth New York Volunteers, Twenty-ninth Massachusetts Veteran Volunteers, Purnell Legion Maryland Volunteers, Ninety-fourth New York Volunteers, and Third Delaware Volunteers. The commander of the Fifth Corps will organize a division to be commanded by General Lockwood,

14 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT III

