
ponax) as they now do. I took a few men and examined the country to the right of the Massaponax road through the woods, until reaching some open sand, over which I proceeded until I reached the road to the right of the Massaponax road, along which Captain McKibbin's reconnaissance extended. The road at a point about 2 miles from our division line enters an open country from which observations can readily be made within a circuit of 2 miles. In this open tract of land I could see the encampment of the Second Corps.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. CHARLTON MITCHELL,

Lieutenant Colonel, Actg., Asst. Insp. General, 2nd Div., 9th Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,May 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General FERRERO,

Commanding Fourth Division:

GENERAL: By direction of the general commanding I have the honor to apprise you of his satisfaction at your report* that your command repulsed the attack of the enemy on the 19th instant. The attack by Ewell's corps was general along the lines and was everywhere repulsed.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Near Spotsylvania Court-House, Va., May 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General FERRERO,

Commanding Fourth Division, Ninth Corps:

GENERAL: Yours of this date just received.+ All our troops it is expected will be moved to the left so as to bring into use the road near the Fredericksburg and Richmond Railroad. When this takes place you will move east so as to best cover it. In the mean time I think your troops had better remain substantially as they now are. It is impossible to give you more cavalry now, but Sheridan is now in his fourth day from Richmond, and may be looked for to-day or to-morrow. When he arrives his cavalry will be so disposed as to materially relieve you.

Your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Near Spotsylvania Court-House, Va., May 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General FERRERO,

Commanding Fourth Division, Ninth Army Corps:

GENERAL: You will make such disposition of your forces to-morrow morning, the 21st instant, as to best cover Fredericksburg

---------------

*See Part I, p. 987.

+See Part I, p. 986.

---------------

