
ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

May 26, 1864-10 a.m.

The following movements are ordered:

1. The Sixth Corps will be withdrawn at dark by Jericho Bridge, and follow the route of Russell's division, via Chesterfield Station, to and follow the route of Russell's division, via Chesterfield Station, to Hanovertown, taking the road nearest the Pamunkey River. The train of the corps will join it at Chesterfield Station.

2. The Fifth Corps will be withdrawn at dark by Quarles' Ford Bridge, and pass, via Old Chesterfield, to New Castle Ferry, on the Pamunkey, below Hanovertown, by roads to be examined to-day by the engineers, and respecting which further instructions will be given. The route of the Fifth Corps will be to the northward and eastward of the route of the Sixth Corps. The wooden pontoons forming Jericho Bridge, and as many others as are available, will accompany the Fifth Corps. Should there be any surplus canvas pontoons with the cavalry at Hanovertown crossing, they may be obtained for the use of the Fifth Corps, if required for the bridge at New Castle.

3. Crittenden's division, of the Ninth Corps, will be withdraw at dark. The Ninth Corps will hold the fords and crossings from Ox Ford to Jericho Mills.

4. The Second Corps and Willcox's division, of the Ninth Corps, will be withdrawn at an hour to be hereafter indicated. The Second Corps will hold the fords and crossings below Ox Ford.

5. When the roads taken by the Fifth and Sixth Corps are clear, the Ninth Corps will follow the Fifth Corps to New Castle Ferry, and the Second Corps will follow the Sixth Corps to Hanovertown. The withdrawal of these two corps from the river and their movements by the route indicated will be simultaneous. The corps commanders will act in concert. As soon as it can be done without interfering with the trains and movements of the Fifth and Sixth Corps, the trains and surplus artillery of the Ninth and Second Corps will be moved to the roads these corps will take. All bridges will be removed when the troops recross to the north bank of the North Anna.

6. The division of cavalry on the right will hold the various fords and bridges as they are successively abandoned from Butler's Ford down and cover the rear of the army.

7. Headquarters will be during the movement on the route of the Sixth and Second Corps.

8. The supply and other main trains of the army will be moved to-night by Bowling Green, along the north or east bank of the Mattapony to Dunkirk or that vicinity, and thence to Hanovertown. A pontoon train will accompany them.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 26, 1864-12.30 a.m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

The commanding general desires that you will order such of the cavalry temporarily with you as you can spare to report to the Cavalry Corps early this day. The Cavalry Corps is encamped on Pole Cat Creek, on the road passed over by your corps.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

