
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,

May 26, 1864-1.05 p.m.

Division commanders must see that the enemy's skirmishers are kept back at a proper distance. At night-fall to-day the enemy's line of pickets must be in a position well pushed back from our line, even if it takes an advance of troops to do it. Division commanders may accomplish this in their own time and way if any change is required.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to commanding officer First Division, Ninth Army Corps.)

CIRCULAR,] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

May 26, 1864-6 p.m.

Division commanders will collect all entrenching tools in the hands of their troops or on their lines before dark this evening, have them put in the wagons, and see that the wagons are taken along with the column. Also every commander is requested, if any of the entrenchments are so constructed on the enemy's side of the river as to bear upon us, to have them impaired, so that they cannot be used with advantage against us.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,May 26, 1864-7 p.m.

The following movements are ordered for to-night: At dark all the wagons belonging to the command, except the spring wagons for headquarters all the ambulances, except ten for each division, and all the batteries, except two for each division, will form a train to move to Chesterfield by the road crossing the railroad in rear of the left of the line held by the command before crossing the river. At 8.30 p.m. each division commander will commence the withdrawal of his command, including two batteries to be assigned by the chief of artillery. The Second Division and its artillery will withdraw by the lower pontoon bridge; the First Division by the foot bridge just above, its artillery crossing the pontoon bridge; the Third Division with its artillery will withdraw by the upper pontoon bridge. Each division will mass, after its crossing, in a position to be indicated by a staff officer from these headquarters.

The order of march will be as follows: Second Division, First Division, Third Division, Fourth Division. The regiments of heavy artillery now attached to other divisions will remain with them during the march. The two regiments now on this side of the river will hold the rifle-pits opposite the wooden bridge until the command moves, when they will form the rear guard. The hour of march for the Second Division after the crossing will be indicated hereafter. The pickets will be withdrawn under the

