
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

May 26, 1864.

Until the different commands have crossed the river, division commanders are requested to make their headquarters near the bridges they are to cross.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,May 26, 1 864-2 p.m. (Received 3.10 p.m.)

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state in answer to your communication of this date that I have as large a force employed on the railroad as we have tools for. They are destroying the ties by burning and are bending the rails. We are pushing the work as far toward Milford Station as possible. I have worked day and night since the order was received yesterday. My pickets are advanced sufficiently to enable my line to withdraw or move to-night without being seen, and I will have a strong enough force on the picket-line to check any impertment curiosity of the enemy. In regard to Colonel Brooke's application to Colonel Smith about rations I have the honor to state that it was entirely without warrant and shall not again occur.

I have the honor to be, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-I have the honor to inclose the statement* of Colonel Brooke, from which it appears that he did not send an officer to Colonel Smith for the purpose within indicated.

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,May 26, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel F. A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: In reply to note from corps headquarters of last evening, I have the honor to report that the cavalry made no discoveries at all. They went but a short distance beyond our picket-line, when they were fired upon by the enemy from the breast-work opposite the left of our line, when they returned.

Respectfully,

JOHN GIBBON,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

